WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President George W. Bush vetoed legislation on Wednesday that would expand federally funded embryonic stem cell research , triggering an uphill battle to override him in the Democratic - led U.S. Congress and likely pushing the issue onto the 2008 election agenda .
President Bush speaks during a meeting with Republican members of the House of Representatives in the Oval Office , June 20 , 2007 .
From ( 2nd L - R ) are Congressmen John Boehner ( R - OH ) , Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) and Jeb Hensarling ( R - TX ) .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
Two - thirds majority votes would be needed in the Senate and House of Representatives to overcome Bush ’s opposition and make the bill law .
Backers admitted they were short of support .
A few dozen of Bush ’s Republicans in Congress back the measure .
The president and other critics condemn the legislation as morally offensive because it would lead to the destruction of human embryos to derive stem cells .
“ If this legislation became law , it would compel American taxpayers for the first time in our history to support the deliberate destruction of human embryos , ” Bush said .
“ I will not allow our nation to cross this moral line . ”
Advocates such as the nonprofit Society for Women ’s Health Research said Bush ’s decision was the unethical one , especially as the embryos that would be used are left over from fertility treatments and destined to be discarded .
“ There should be no ethical debate between throwing away embryos that already exist and using them in the scientific quest for treatments and cures of fatal and life - threatening diseases , ” the group said in a statement .
“ It is a tragedy to allow embryos to be wasted and discarded , when we could be exploring their unique potential to alleviate human suffering . ”
Embryonic stem cells are the source of every cell , tissue and organ in the body .
Scientists study them to understand the biology not only of disease , but of life itself , and want to use them to transform medicine and find cures for such debilitating illness as Parkinson ’s , cancer and diabetes .
In addition to vetoing such legislation for the second time in two years , Bush issued an executive order to encourage scientists to work with the federal government to derive new methods to obtain stem cells without harming human embryos .
He announced no new funding .
The Campaign for the Advancement of Medical Research , a lobby group made up of medical and advocacy groups , called the executive order a sham .
“ The new approaches addressed by the order are still in the early stages of development and appear to already be eligible for National Institutes of Health funding , ” the group said in a statement .
WIDE BACKING
Polls show the stem - cell bill is backed by more than 60 percent of American voters .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ Once again , the president has ignored the will of the American people , of leading medical researchers , and of a bipartisan majority of the Congress , ” said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat .
Republican Sen. George Voinovich of Ohio backed Bush , saying , “ We can and must find cutting - edge techniques to cure disease and ease suffering without destroying life . ”
The National Right to Life Committee also praised Bush .
Shortly after Bush took office in 2001 , he allowed federal funding on 78 stem cell lines then in existence .
Most are now of limited use to scientists , who have urged the president to lift his restrictions .
Democrats promised to push to expand stem cell research in winning control of Congress last year , and it appeared certain to be an issue again next year when U.S. voters elect a new president and Congress .
An estimated 400,000 embryos are unused and frozen at fertility clinics .
A poll released on Wednesday showed about 60 percent of parents of those embryos would donate them for stem cell research .
Just 22 percent would donate them for adoption by other couples , which is what Bush says should be done with them .
Bush noted that scientists this month reported that in tests with mice they had made progress on alternative ways to produce stem cells without destroying embryos -- an advance , which if it works in humans , could ease ethical concerns .
Those scientists cautioned there was no guarantee of quick success with human cells , and urged passage of the bill .
ALABASTER , Alabama ( Reuters ) - Underage criminals cannot face the death penalty in the United States but dozens of offenders imprisoned for crimes committed when they were young teenagers will still die behind bars .
Mary Jones waits to be served in a Waffle House in Alabaster , Alabama , December 10 , 2007 .
Jones ' sister Ashley is in jail for life without the possibility of parole for crimes she committed at the age of 14 .
Mary Jones was caught up in the attack .
REUTERS / Matthew Bigg
The U.S. Supreme Court abolished the death penalty for minors in 2005 but 19 states permit “ life - means - life ” sentences for those under 18 , according to a study by the Equal Justice Initiative ( EJI ) .
In all , 2,225 people are sentenced to die in U.S. prisons for crimes they committed as minors and 73 of them were aged 13 and 14 at the time of the crime , according to the group , which is based in Montgomery , Alabama .
Elsewhere in the world , life sentences with no chance of parole are rare for underage offenders .
Human Rights
Watch estimates that only 12 people outside the United States face such sentences .
Judicial reform advocates say the U.S. provision is an example of how harsh sentences have helped cause a jump in incarceration rates since the 1970s .
The United States jails a higher percentage of its population than anywhere else in the industrialized world , these advocates say .
“ These kids have been swept up in this tide of carceral control that is unparalleled in American history , ” said Bryan Stevenson , director of the EJI .
“ We have become quite comfortable about throwing people away , ” he said .
Others defend the statute , arguing it is popular with voters and gives comfort to victims to know that perpetrators of serious crimes against them will not one day walk free .
They also use an “ adult crime , adult time ” argument -- minors who commit adult crimes should be punished as adults .
“ I SAW HER IN FLAMES ”
The case of Ashley Jones , who was 14 when she killed , illustrates the seriousness of many crimes that result in for - life sentences .
One night in August 1999 , Jones and her 16 - year - old boyfriend , Geramie Hart , angered by her family ’s disapproval of their relationship , went to her home in Birmingham , Alabama .
They set her grandfather on fire with lighter fluid , stabbed him and shot him dead .
They also stabbed and shot dead Jones ’ aunt in her bedroom and set her grandmother on fire .
Jones ’ 10 - year - old sister , Mary , was asleep in bed but they dragged her to the kitchen to see the attack on her family .
“ I had to sit there and watch her ( Ashley ) torture my grandmother .
I saw her in flames , ” said Mary Jones , recounting her ordeal in an interview in Alabaster , Alabama .
“ Geramie ... picked me up by my neck and pointed a gun at me and said : ‘ This is how you are going to die . ’
Ashley said : ‘ No , wait .
I ’ll do her . ’ ”
They stabbed Mary Jones repeatedly , puncturing a lung , and drove off leaving her and her grandmother , whose injuries included burns , stab and gunshot wounds , to stagger outside .
The questions raised by criminal cases involving teenagers are difficult to answer .
Is a young teenager responsible for crimes in the same way as an adult and to what extent , if at all , should courts consider a minor ’s family situation and background ?
“ It goes against human inclinations to give up completely on a young teenager .
It ’s impossible for a court to say that any 14 - year - old never has the possibility to live in society , ” said Stephen Bright , director of the Southern Center for Human Rights .
“ LOST ALL HOPE ”
The Equal Justice Initiative has filed suits in six states challenging the life - without - parole sentences and has brought a case in federal court in northern Alabama over the Jones case , arguing it represents cruel and unusual punishment .
Hart is also serving the same sentence .
The group says a disproportionate number of the minors serving the sentence are black or Hispanic and many were tried as adults with inadequate legal counsel .
Also , it says up to 70 percent were given mandatory sentences .
Not all those serving life - means - life sentences for crimes committed as minors are convicted killers .
Antonio Nunez was convicted of multiple counts of attempted murder and also aggravated kidnapping and sentenced to life without parole for his role in a kidnap , police chase and shootout in April , 2001 , in which nobody was injured .
Nunez , aged 14 at the time of the crime , grew up in a part of Los Angeles where gang activity was common .
In 2000 , he was wounded and his brother killed in a gang - related shooting .
His sister Cindy Nunez said in a telephone interview from Los Angeles the life sentence devastated her family .
“ He has lost all hope ....
We try to keep his spirits up by saying something will change in the law , ” she said .
Mary Jones , now 19 , is attempting to reconstruct her life .
She testified against her sister in court but has visited her in jail .
She blames
Hart for changing her sister from “ the sweetest girl ” into a murderer .
“ She should have a chance to have a life .
Her life should n’t just be taken away from her like that .
Sometimes I ’m kind of mad and then I ’m sad , ” she said .
“ I practically lost her too because she is in prison . ”
Darren Waters
What sort of company is Nokia ?
What do you think of first when you hear the name ?
Mobile phones ?
Handsets ?
Devices ?
Hardware ?
Does it surprise you to learn that Nokia is responsible for the world 's largest computing platform ?
That with 17 phones sold every second the Finnish firm is bigger than Microsoft , bigger than Linux and arguably more influential than Google .
I visited Nokia 's scientists and researchers at their lab in Palo Alto to talk about the future of mobile phones in three , five and eight years , and also beyond that .
The first thing to highlight is the fact no - one at Nokia calls the devices phones anymore ; they are multimedia computers .
I was shown three projects being developed at Nokia 's labs around the world , two of them in Palo Alto .
Morph
The first project I was shown has been widely written about already in the last few days .
But here you can see the video that Nokia produced to explain the concept - which I do n't think is publicly available .
And I 've also spoken to Nokia 's head of Cambridge labs , Dr. Tapani Ryhanen , who is working with Cambridge Uni on the technology .
You can watch a short video interview here .
So what is Morph ?
Morph is a concept looking at the potential applications of nanosciences in future handsets .
From nanowires that can sense the chemical properties of compounds in the air to nanowire grass that can turn the sun 's rays into electrical power , and nanoelectronics with greater computing power than today 's fastest computers , Morph is a beguiling vision .
But how far off is this vision ?
Dr Rhyanen : " My rule of thumb is that if something is still at the level of idea it takes a minimum of 11 year , but if something is already tangible and we already have done demonstrations in the lab , then it 's a minimum of seven years .
" Many of these technologies are already concrete . "
Dr Rhyanen predicted that materials needed to build Morph - functional materials that can be used for different types of surfaces , both flexible and tough , and able to change its outward appearance - would emerge first from the range of nanosciences currently in development .
" Nanoelectronics is further in the future , " he said .
Augmented reality
Mobile phones offer a bridge between the physical and the digital world .
I was shown technology that is able to understand the decipher the real world and augment it with data from the digital world .
What a decade ago required a backpack full of equipment can be done today using just a phone .
Dr Kari Pulli and his team at Palo Alto demonstrated software which can pull information from the web about a location , such as a building , just by taking a photograph of it .
It works by utilising the GPS in a phone so the software knows where the picture was taken and can then fetch relevant information about that location , rather then having to trawl through the entire web .
The software s the photograph 's properties and then matches it to likely subjects in the database .
In the example I was shown , a photograph taken of a local church in Stanford pulled up historical information for the user .
The applications for this sort of augmented reality are huge - from mapping and tourist information , to being able to give directions based on landmarks rather than road names and numbers .
You could use your phone to get information on almost any kind of consumer product - from CD covers , to movie posters and even wine in a local shop ; simply snap a picture of the wine label and your phone could pull up reviews and sampling information .
There 's a short video I shot on my mobile here .
Traffic analysis
Nokia 's research centre in Palo Alto has been working with Berkeley University and state authorities to use mobile phones to better understand the flow of traffic .
There 's a short video I shot here .
Dr Quinn Jacobson said : " Every year in the US there are 4.2 billion hours of lost productivity due to traffic problems and 2.9 billion gallons of fuel lost due to congestion .
" We can improve our lives if we have more accurate traffic information and there is a shortage of good traffic data .
" Today we are mostly using conductive coil loops buried in the highway - they cost a lot to put in and maintain .
" They only cover main highways and main metropolitan areas . "
Nokia 's solution is to make use of the GPS that is being shipped in increasing numbers in mobile phones .
" A phone knows where it is , how fast it 's going and of course it is programmable so we can instruct it to do things , " said Dr Jacobson .
" As the devices travel through the world they are not randomly beeping your position .
That would be costly .
So we make the device spatially aware . "
By creating a series of virtual triplines on maps - markers placed in virtual space - the flow of traffic can be mapped by instructing phones to send data about their location and speed as they pass these points .
" It means the data we are getting is useful .
We 're not getting data about the parking , the driveway .
We 're only getting the major roads . "
Nokia has been keen to preserve the privacy of people who are using their phones in this way , while at the same time ensuring that enough data is being sent to make it valuable for analysis .
" It 's all anonymous , but we also have to ensure that no - one can reconstruct identity through looking at the data . "
In a recent field test with 100 cars , the researchers were trying to discover how much data they needed in order for it to become useful .
" The amount of data that is sent over the phone to the servers for analysis is tiny - a few packets of a few bytes . "
The technology is still in the embryonic stage but Dr Jacobson believes that it could find its way into handsets within five years .
" There 's no reason why a phone with GPS that is stuck in traffic cannot use that information to better inform other drivers about what lies ahead along the road . "
Dr Quinn Jacobson 's team has made a short video about the about the project .
You can watch it here .
An Italian team of archaeologists unearthed the bowl goblet in the 1970s from a burial site in Iran ’s Burnt City , but it was only recently that researchers noticed the images on the bowl tell an animated visual story .
The oldest cartoon character in the world is a goat leaping to get the leaves on a tree .
According to an article in the Circle of Ancient Iranian Studies :
The artefact bears five images depicting a wild goat jumping up to eat the leaves of a tree , which the members of the team at that time had not recognised the relationship between the pictures .
Several years later , Iranian archaeologist Dr Mansur Sadjadi , who became later appointed as the new director of the archaeological team working at the Burnt City discovered that the pictures formed a related series .
The bowl has some controversy associated with it .
Some researchers claimed the tree on the bowl to be the Assyrian Tree of Life , but the bowl dates to a period before the Assyrian civilization .
Tip of the old scrub brush to Kris ’s Archaeological Blog at About.com :
Now this is deeply cool .
The Cultural Heritage , Tourism and Handicrafts Organization ( CHTHO ) in Iran has made a short film using the images on a bowl from the Burnt City .
The Burnt City ( Shar-i Sokhta ) is a site in Iran that dates to about 2600 BC , and has seen some decades of investigation .
The bowl shows five images of a wild goat leaping , and if you put them in a sequence ( like a flip book ) , the wild goat leaps to nip leaves off a tree .
Bugs Bunny has nothing to worry about yet , if you ask me .
Animate discussion , share the word :
Despite looking a bit grainy , this incredible Metal Gear tech demo — powered by the BlueRoses engine — shows what the Game Boy Advance hardware is capable of rendering .
Though we ca n’t imagine playing the game using just four buttons .
Video after the break .
( Thanks , Jake )
Hugh Laurie has won two Golden Globes for his role in House
The award - winning star told the Radio Times the hours on the show are " relentless " and he has not been offered any work in his home country .
" The door slammed behind me , and that 's it .
There 's a notion that I 've sold out , " said the performer .
Laurie added that he would " love to do anything " with Stephen Fry again , his former Jeeves and Wooster co-star .
' Peculiar British attitude '
But he added that he would prefer not to be the frontman of shows such as QI like Fry .
" I 'm no good as myself .
I do n't hugely like me , " he said .
Speaking about his Stateside success , Laurie said : " There 's a peculiar British attitude that I took an oath I would n't be successful , and reneged on it , " said Laurie .
Hugh Laurie stars as a doctor with questionable social skills in House
But he added that he was " off the market " for any other work , saying there is " no time to do anything else " .
The actor , who had to master an American accent for his role as Dr Gregory House in the hit show , said that he prefers not to watch himself on screen .
" I do n't watch regularly , I hate seeing myself , but it 's even worse hearing my American accent .
I had no idea I sound so retarded , a dull monotone , full of clunking mistakes . "
He also admitted to experimenting with the painkiller Vicodin , which his on - screen character is addicted to , but said : " I would n't recommend it .
" But then again , if you 're not in pain , it gives a floaty , pleasurable feeling , " he said .
Laurie added that if the success of the show continues , his family , who currently remain in London , will move to the US .
To my fellow Citizens ,
As an early primary state , you are once again being called upon to make one of the most important decisions of your life and for the your children 's future .
This should not simply be partisan .
We are at a cross roads of our civilization , our country and what values we choose to embrace .
The next leader will need to make difficult choices on the best use of our limited resources .
After our last 7 years , the statement is so obvious , what we do domestically and internationally has consequences that potentially touch every man , woman and child living on this planet .
The decisions made by George Bush and Co have taken us to the brink of Armageddon .
The problems and the solution can no longer be made with a band - aid .
We need to re-evaluate our values , our priorities with a goal towards a world of REAL peace for generations to come .
Every action has consequences ; they are not executed in a vacuum .
We have witnessed the poor choices of the Bush administration .
Through their insatiable quest for world domination , they have destroyed our economy , placed millions of citizens on the unemployment lines , have systematically curtailed our civil liberties through the Patriot Act , eliminated all environmental protections for clean air and water .
All will have dire consequences for many generations to come .
We have become the international class bully regarded by majority of the world ’s population .
Does this make us any safer ?
The Bush administration ’s policies have fueled mistrust and created an atmosphere of potential terrorists attacked against America .
Tax breaks for the ultra wealthy , deregulation of industry and the insane proliferation of the Pentagon budget has now placed America with a $ 9 trillion debt .
The interest on this debt coupled with $ 1.3 Trillion expense for re-building America ’s infrastructure , the need to totally fund Social Security and Medicare for the baby boomers ( a promise that needs to be kept ) results in a ‘ personal ’ check for every man , woman and child of $ 350,000 .
Now we could ask the Pentagon to find the $ 3 trillion it has misplaced , cancel absurd military projects that the most knowledgeable say are all ‘ folly ’ or simple eliminate the public education system in America for everyone except the children of the ultra wealthy .
Our next leader will need to have the courage to make these very difficult choices .
George Bush says we need to sacrifice .
Most Americans are willing to do their part .
The question is when is Corporate America willing to do theirs .
George Bush has one mantra , legislative policies that have filled the coffers from his corporate cronies and wealthy campaign contributors through privatization and deregulation while gutting all safety nets for the working and middle class of our country .
At first blush you may think of one of our leading democratic candidates who is now a household name .
I ’m going to ask you to dig a little deeper and … …REALLY DREAM !
Dream of a country where we live and love together , that discrimination is an embarrassment of a prior generation , that every child is educated to reach their fullest potential , where our governments ’ policies do not foster disease , where we learn to live respectfully with our natural resources and strive to protect them as a gift for generations that follow .
Dream of a country that is generous to our veterans and ‘ first responders ’ , and appreciates their sacrifice .
Dream of a country where the most important occupation is teaching our youth and compensate them accordingly .
Dream of a country where millions of our children are not homeless or living below the poverty level .
Dream of a country where 44 million Americans are not without health insurance .
Dream internationally that our policies encourage good will and a favorable attitude towards America verses the alternative .
Dream that we spent our generosity to alleviate hunger , disease and a poor standard of living .
that is fueled by the insanity of NAFTA and WTO .
Dream of a country where we champion Fair Trade .
As middle age adults we have stopped dreaming , we accept ‘ business as usual ’ .
We are too practical , too reasonable , and compromise is a very lonely decision .
When was the last time you voted FOR a candidate not AGAINST one ?
When you cast your compromised vote ; think about your children and grandchildren and the world you would like to leave them .
The late great Paul Wellstone said , “ vote your conscience ” .
There is only one candidate that brings the Democratic Party back to its roots and his name is Dennis Kucinich .
He will work tirelessly for the diminishing middle class , who will work to elevate our working poor to a livable standard of living .
There is only one candidate who can bring the 50 % disenfranchised Americans to the polls for the first time because he hears their cries .
If you are not familiar with Congressman Kucinich , I encourage you to go to his website , contact the local campaign office , listen to him speak and by all means read / listen to a “ Prayer for America ” .
Change comes when you take a ‘ leap of faith ’ , when you say ‘ no more ’ !
It does not come through evolution , but rather revolution .
If we as the guardians of the Constitution , stop dreaming for a better tomorrow what do we have in its place …more of the same ?
Is this good enough for the greatest nation on the planet ?
I would like to take this opportunity to wish all my fellow Americans a happy holiday season and a prosperous and healthy New Year !
A vote for Kucinich and his Department of Peace is a vote for Peace of Earth .
Serry J Winkler
A proud Kucinich 2004 presidential delegate
koolkarma817@yahoo.com
USA
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
Two mentally disabled women were strapped with explosives Friday and sent into busy Baghdad markets , where they were blown up by remote control , a top Iraqi government official said .
Iraqi soldiers secure the scene of a bombing Friday at a popular pet market in central Baghdad .
The bombs killed at least 98 people and wounded more than 200 at two popular pet markets on the holiest day of the week for Muslims , authorities said .
In both bombings , the attackers were mentally disabled women whose explosive belts were remotely detonated , Gen. Qasim Atta , spokesman for Baghdad 's security plan , told state television .
Atta said the women were strapped with dynamite and ball bearings , citing members of the bomb squad .
The explosives were detonated via cell phone , he said .
An Atta aide said that people referred to the bomber at central Baghdad 's al - Ghazl market as the " crazy woman " and that the bomber at a second market had an unspecified birth disability .
The aide said authorities believe the women were unaware of plans to detonate the explosives .
Watch how the use of the women represents a new tactic »
The nationalities and identities of the women have not been released .
U.S. military officials referred to the two attacks as suicide bombings , saying both women detonated the explosive devices .
The U.S. officials also gave a much lower casualty toll , with 27 civilians dead and 53 others wounded .
The Pentagon attributed the attacks to al Qaeda in Iraq and made no reference to the mental conditions of the women .
" By targeting innocent Iraqis , they show their true demonic character , " said Lt. Col .
Steve Stover , spokesman for the Multi-National Division - Baghdad .
" They care nothing for the Iraqi people ; they want to subjugate them and forcefully create a greater Islamic sharia state , " he said , referring to Islamic law .
The violence marked the bloodiest series of attacks in Baghdad since August , breaking a brief stretch of relative calm as attacks and deaths dropped after the 2007 increase in U.S. troop strength called the surge .
In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said the attacks show the reality of the continuing struggle against militants , adding that Iraqis have turned against " these terrible , violent people in their midst who will do anything . "
" It certainly underscores and affirms the decision of the Iraqi people that there is no political program here that is acceptable to a civilized society , and that this is the most brutal and the most bankrupt of movements that would do this kind of thing , " she said at a press briefing .
" And I think that will underscore for the Iraqis , and it will make them tougher in the fight . "
The first bomb blew up at al - Ghazl animal market around 10:30 a.m. , killing 69 and wounding more than 140 .
The second blast happened about a half - hour later in the New Baghdad neighborhood pet market , killing 29 people and wounding 67 .
Al - Ghazl pet market is a popular destination where people buy and sell cats , dogs , monkeys and other animals .
Attackers have struck the market on Fridays -- its busiest day -- several times in the last year or so .
A January 2007 bombing killed 15 and wounded 52 at the pet market , and 13 people died and 58 were wounded in a November attack .
Other developments
A parked car exploded Thursday in a predominantly Shiite district in the Iraqi capital , killing five civilians and wounding eight others , the Interior Ministry said .
The attack occurred after a string of roadside bombings that wounded 21 people , the ministry said .
Poland will withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of October , a spokesman for the Polish military said Thursday .
October 31 will be the last day of the Polish presence , Maj. Dariusz Kacperczyk said in Warsaw .
About 900 Polish troops are in Iraq , with most in Diwaniya , some in Baghdad and others in the southern city of Kut .
Twenty - two Polish troops have died during the nearly 5 - year war in Iraq .
CNN 's Ahmed Taha and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .
All About Iraq • Al Qaeda in Iraq
Sightseeing from the road or deep in the woods , a roundup of St. Clair County fall color
By NICK PISA
Last updated at 01:26 04 February 2008
It does n't need a scientist to tell us that the sight of stilettos can have a dramatic effect on men's libido .
But wearing them can also work wonders for a woman 's sex life , research suggests .
High - heeled shoes not only tone the legs and strengthen the pelvic muscles , but they " directly work the pleasure muscles which are linked to an orgasm " , it is claimed .
Scroll down for more ...
In the past stilettos have been blamed for stress fractures and joint pain but now it seems that the pain might be worth the gain .
Italian urologist Dr Maria Cerruto discovered that a pair of " moderately high - heeled shoes " had beneficial effects .
" I adore high - heeled shoes and I wanted to find something positive about them , " said Dr Cerruto , of the University of Verona .
" In the end I achieved my goal .
" The heels influence and work the pelvic muscles and reduce the need to exercise them .
Scroll down for more ...
" We now hope to prove that wearing heels during daily activity may reduce the need for the pelvic exercises necessary to keep that part of a woman 's anatomy toned and elastic . "
The study involved 66 women under the age of 50 .
Dr Cerruto discovered that women who held their feet at a 15 - degree angle to the ground , the equivalent of a two - inch heel , showed up to 15 per cent less electrical activity in their pelvic muscles .
This suggests the muscles are more relaxed with higher heels , increasing their strength and ability to contract .
Dr Cerruto added : " Women often have difficulty in carrying out the right exercises for the pelvic zone and wearing heels could prove to be the solution .
" Like many women , I like high - heeled shoes , and although they are sometimes uncomfortable I continue to wear them in an effort to appear more slender and taller .
" It 's good to know they have potential health benefits . "
An official guide to better sex , provided by NHS Direct , advises women to become more aware of their pleasure muscles ( pelvic floor muscles ) and advises them how to exercise them to aid sexual arousal .
The NHS recommends that women , particularly just after pregnancy , should do pelvic floor exercises up to five times a day .
Manolo Blahnik , the shoe designer who specialises in vertiginous heels , said : " This is wonderful news .
" I 've been hounded for years about how bad it is for posture , but I always thought it was contradictory .
" Until my mummy was 87 she was wearing high heels and she looked wonderful .
She is my living example that heels are good for you .
" When you put on a high heel it makes life more exciting .
" In the 1980s it was all about power , but today it 's shifted ; it 's about elegance .
" If you are a woman , it 's a way to appeal to the male species , it 's a way to attract .
" And it works .
I have men who tell me that heels have saved their marriage .
" I think there 's a limit , though .
Anything over four - and - a - half inches is just too much .
You can't walk properly ; it 's no longer elegant . "
Today I want to talk about fasting .
Fasting is an effective and natural means of achieving quick detoxification and revitalization of one ’s mind , body , and soul .
That ’s why when you go through a transition in life , make major dietary changes , or attempt a reversal of health complications , it ’s often good to fast .
However before you start a fast , you need to be aware of some of the symptoms that can be experienced during your fast .
Unless fasting is a normal part of your scheduled cleansing and detoxification process , one or many of these symptoms may result until the body has adjusted itself and been cleansed internally of the emotional , mental , and physical “ junk ” it ’s absorbed over your life .
First the good news : there is a light at the end of the detox tunnel .
It takes about three days to get rid of the natural cravings for food or old habits that might creep in as a result of cleansing .
Because fasting is a complete ( or limited ) abstinence from food except water , it ’s a good idea to get LOTS of rest .
So why would you fast if you ’re going to experience some detox symptoms .
Well , fasting allows you to recover and rejuvenate physiologically and psychologically to rebuild your energy to a stronger and healthier level that is free from external stresses .
Here are some of the symptoms you may experience .
Remember , every body is differet and you may experience all or even none of these symptoms .
The important thing to keep in mind is that these symptoms are temporary and they will pass and also that they will get easier to manage over time .
Physical Symptoms :
As the body rids itself of toxins ( both mental , emotional , and physical ) , you may experience :
fatigue
nausea
vomiting
diarrhea
headaches
irritability
minor depression
lack of focus
increased body odor caused by elmination of toxins
negative emotional and mental patterns
Many will feel lethargic , have muscle and joint pain and slight dizziness .
If you ’ve eaten a lot of cooked foods , processed sugar , caffeine , or other non-raw foods , you may find your body expelling those pathogens as part of the detox process .
That ’s why it ’s good to drink plenty of water and get lots of rest to avoid dehydration .
You might also find that because the body is detoxifying , you ’re susceptible to colds or flu viruses due to the amount of mucus in your system .
An easy prevention is to drink lemon juice with water .
And finally , even people with great skin as well as anyone with problem skin may find they are prone to breakouts or skin rashes .
This is a natural by - product of the body ’s attempt to cleanse itseld and is temporary and will disappear the longer you fast .
Mental & Emotional Symptoms :
The fasting symptoms that you may find most troubling are the emotional symptoms .
Emotionally , fasting will bring to surface underlying fears and other negative emotions that have gone undealt with .
Anxiety levels may also increase and poor concentration until the body has achieved a inner balance .
Our bodies are usually so focussed on digestion and our lives are often so busy that we do not allow our emotions to surface .
Many fears are typically covered up with food , medication , and avoidance , omission of these stressors during the fast will bring them to surface quickly .
Also the slower pace of fasting gives us time to concentrate on the emotions that we bury because we do n’t have time to deal with them .
When you ’re fasting , it ’s an excellent time to meditate or journal to acknowledge these hidden or known fears and determine the positive direction you want to go after the fast .
Positive Symptoms :
Now before you go thinking that fasting should be avoided because of all the negative fasting symptoms , I want to tell you about the positive symptoms that typically result from fasting .
First is a heightened awareness of your present habits , lifestyle , and goals and whether they support your ideal life .
You may also find your creativity increases and ideas that you put aside in the past are more clearly defined in your mind .
You ’ll be able to get projects done faster and with a clearer mind .
Physically , there are some great benefits from fasting .
Not only is your mind clearer but you may find that your senses are heightened .
I get lots of comments from people who fast who say their vision is clearer , their hearing crisper and of course almost everyone has a more glowing appearance .
To top it all off , fasting can also stimulate weight loss or help you find a balance in your ideal weight .
Whether your reason for fasting is periodic or seasonal , the initial symptoms experienced will always be minor compared to the long term benefits of cleansing !
We may be compensated by advertising and affiliate programs .
See full disclosure below
Are you looking for extra income that you can do on the side without quitting your current job ?
If yes , then you have come to the right place .
We have curated this list of extra income ideas that are easy enough for you to start doing from your home or in your spare time , without interfering with your other life activities .
To be clear , the list covers different sources of income like passive income ideas , part - time jobs , side hustles , and gigs to supplement your primary job ; but this is not a list of typical full - time jobs .
While compiling this list , I carefully made sure that they are legitimate sources of alternative income and practical ideas that work .
I have tried and used , or are using , many of these myself .
For the ones , I have n’t tried , I have verified with independent sources to be legitimate income ideas .
Some of these helped me earned a few dollars here and there , but some helped me earn significant supplemental income on the side every single day !
Note that not all ideas will fit your skills and abilities .
What works for you depends on your skills and your current financial situation .
21 Passive Income Ideas
Passive income is an income source that continues to generate income once you set it up .
Depending on the idea , it needs some effort ( or a lot of effort ) upfront and may or may not need monetary investment , but the crucial distinction is its ability to generate income with very little of your time to sustain it .
For our full list of passive income ideas with an explanation for each item , check out 21 Best Passive Income Ideas for 2020 .
Easy Passive Income Ideas for Beginners
Earn Higher Interest on Your Savings Earn More from Your Checking Build a CD Ladder Get Cash Back Reward from Credit Cards Get Cash Rebates When Buying Online Earn Gift Cards When You Search
Passive Income Ideas through Investing
Take Advantage of 401(k ) Matching Invest in Dividend Paying Stocks or Funds Invest in Bonds or Bond Funds Invest in REITs Rental Properties Rent Out Parts of Your House Real Estate Crowdfunding and Syndication Lend Money via Social Lending Network
Income Ideas that Could Become Passive in the Future
Make Money Blogging Make Money with YouTube Write a Book Network Marketing Selling Insurance
Reverse Passive Income ( By Reducing Expenses )
Refinance Your Home Loan Reduce Phones and Cable Bills
Read More : 21 Best Passive Income Ideas for 2019
30 Side Hustles and Work from Home Jobs
In addition to income ideas listed above , here are additional money - making ideas that would make great secondary income sources .
Most of these are not passive and will require ongoing work to maintain income .
Spend an hour or two each day working on these side - income ideas that are practical for you , and you can build additional income sources to help you improve your finances :
1. Get Paid to Write Online
There are many sites where you can earn money just by writing about what you love .
Some pay per article , some pay upfront for articles plus a bonus for page views every month , and some pay based on ad revenue sharing .
It ’s not too difficult to make from $ 100 - $ 400 a month once you get some upfront articles and residual income payments going .
If you ’re really good , this could turn into a full - time income .
Here are some specific ideas :
Write for money using a platform site like HubPages .
Write for TextBroker and Constant Content .
Write for various websites that hire freelance staff writers .
Read More : Make Money Writing Articles from Home
2. Sell Handcrafted Items Online
If you are an artist or crafter , you might consider selling your goods on Etsy .
To make the most money , you should sell something unique .
Etsy has gotten bigger and bigger in the last several years , so it is harder to stand out unless you are selling something different than others .
But do n’t stop there , you can also sell your items on other sites .
3. Sell What You Grow
Are you a gardener who loves to share plants ?
Instead of giving them away , sell them on sites like Craigslist or eBay .
There are a few online auction sites , especially for plant and seed sales .
A growing home - based business is the sale of fresh organically grown herbs to local restaurants .
Take into consideration that if you live in a colder climate , this may be a seasonal income .
4. Participate in Research Studies
If you have a university or research hospital close to you , you could apply to participate in research studies .
One of our readers , James shared , “ I used to do this a ton when I lived in DC .
I ’d go to the National Institutes of Health on the weekends and be a normal volunteer for biomedical trials that needed normal volunteers for control groups . ”
5. Offer Basic Services
Babysitting , pet sitting , elder sitting or house sitting are four possibilities .
You can limit your available hours as you need , and hourly pay is relatively good .
It ’s not hard to make $ 100 - $ 300 a month doing this in your spare time .
Here are some sites :
Care.com for babysitting , childcare , tutoring , etc .
Rover.com for dog walking , pet sitting , and pet boarding .
The possibilities for making money are endless , depending on your talents and abilities .
Put your mind to it , and you find something to offer others in exchange for money .
Nextdoor.com is an excellent site to monitor .
There are a lot of people requesting and / or offering money for services in your neighborhood .
6. Giveaways and Free Samples
With so many bloggers and websites offering giveaways , now is a great time to win .
Depending on what you win , you can sell it for money or use it for your family .
Giveaways that offer free food are a great way to reduce your grocery bill .
Track these giveaways and freebies using services like Twitaway and Google Alerts .
You can also sign up for free products through the Amazon Product Sampling program .
Keep the stuff that you like and sell the rest on Craigslist or eBay .
7. Freelancing
Search sites such as UpWork , Guru , Freelancer , Amazon Mechanical Turk , and other similar sites for tasks and projects that you can complete right from your home .
These do not pay much , but you ’ll gain valuable skills and be able to enhance your portfolio in the process .
8. Drive for Uber and Lyft
I know several people that drive for Uber and / or Lyft .
From our discussions , income in the $ 12 to $ 15 per hour range is relatively standard .
However , one of them is an Uber Ninja , and he said he could make double or triple that average when he does it — you have to know the time and the place to be to get those rides .
9. Food Delivery
Dave Ramsey often recommends pizza delivery as a second job for those trying to get out of debt , and with good reason .
Pizza delivery is easy work .
You ’ll need to work in the evenings and on weekends , as those are prime pizza delivery hours .
If you need some cash though , it ’s not hard to drive the pizza from the pizza parlor to the customer and collect payment .
You could make some nice tips , too .
And with the Ubervolution , you can also leverage services like Uber Eats and DoorDash .
10 . Real Estate Photography
With about $ 1000 investment , you could get started in Real Estate Photography .
To be legit , you ’ll at least need a Digital SLR and a 10 mm Aspherical Super Wide Angle Lens , plus the ability to touch up your photos .
Print up a batch of business cards and visit your local real estate offices to offer your services .
For a freelance photographer , you can make about $ 150 -300 per property .
11 . Short Term Rentals
If your local government and HOA allows it , you could rent out your entire house or just a room in your home .
Some of the sites you can join include Airbnb , VRBO , Homestay.com , etc .
12 . Rent Out Your Car
If you have an extra car sitting around , you could rent it out for others to use through Getaround and Turo.com .
The concept is similar to Airbnb , only for your vehicle .
Your car has to meet their guidelines , and you will earn more if you have a nicer car to loan out .
13 . Sell Used and Free Stuff
Clean out your closets , your basement , garage , shed , and bookcases .
How many things do you own that you never use or look at ?
Craigslist , Ebay , Facebook Marketplace make it very easy to sell unwanted items .
Getting rid of your unnecessary stuff will not only score you some cash , it will also help clear your house of clutter .
It ’s a win-win .
Selling used stuff is not limited to just your stuff .
You can search out free and underpriced items online , as well as around town , then turn around and sell them for a profit .
Sites like Facebook Marketplace , Nextdoor.com , Craigslist , and Freecycle.org offers plenty of opportunities for you to pick up free and cheap resalable items .
14 . Make Money with Your Hobbies
Turn your hobbies into income streams .
Many hobbies , like photography , videography , quilting , gardening , sports , music , and woodwork , are ideal revenue generators .
With some creativity , proper planning , and effort , you could turn your hobbies into a new revenue stream and enjoy the time you spend on it .
Read More : Earn Side Income with Hobbies That Make Money
15 . Sell Your Collectibles
Starting a collection as an investment might not be the best idea — there are just too many better and proven investments out there !
However , if you already own good collectibles , and you are willing to part with them , selling them can make a nice revenue stream .
As you gain more expertise with the buying and selling process , you might naturally run into buying opportunities that you can later sell for profit .
Just be sure to treat it as a business and not merely add to your collection !
Plus 15 More Ideas
In general , you can find some ideas just by search “ making money ” plus a keyword of your choice .
For example ,
Make money cooking
Make money knitting
Make money listening to music
If you like this article , be sure to check out my Extra Income Guide .
Sean Bonner writes on Blogging.la ( where he and other contributors have been covering this story for weeks ) :
Link to full post with photos .
Images : Sean Bonner .
Below , a " Frosty Ice Co. " truck presumed to be a Scientology mobile surveillance unit , with cameras inside , to document the protestors — some of whom were masked , others not .
Hopper and Fonda went looking for adventure and whatever else would come their way on their epic cross-country odyssey .
Borat set out to find the heart and soul of America , plus any part of Pamela Anderson he could get his hands on .
Jeff Deck and Benjamin Herson have a different objective in mind as they motor across the country this spring in their ' 97 Nissan Sentra .
They chase the misplaced apostrophe , the disagreeing subject and verb .
The horror ( as opposed to " horor " ) of a courthouse sign , engraved and erected at taxpayer expense , omitting the first " o " in " meteorological . "
The " desserts " unjustly advertised as " deserts " on a restaurant wall .
They seek , in short , to do for America 's public signage what spell - check software has done for interoffice e-mail : smarten it up and make it easier on the eye .
Their weapons : Wite - Out , markers , ink pens , tape , and nerves of steel .
" I figured , Steinbeck had his dog and Kerouac had his drugs .
I 'd have my typos , " said the 28 - year - old Deck of what he calls his Typo Hunt Across America tour .
Deck , speaking by phone from somewhere in the Deep South as he and Herson rumble westward , says the point of the trip is n't to wag fingers at those who commit or ignore signage errata .
It 's to raise public awareness around an issue - a plague , really - that typically elicits a blank stare or shoulder shrug , if that .
" We 're not going after people in a self - righteous manner , like fashion police .
Or trying to make them look stupid , " Deck said .
" Instead , we 're addressing specific errors like confusing ' its ' for ' it 's ' or ' you 're " for ' your . '
Finding and correcting these , even every once in a while , is incredibly satisfying . "
Deck left Somerville on March 5 and picked up Herson in Maryland , a few stops down the road .
Since hitting the highway , they 've put many hundreds of miles on the Sentra getting to such places as Hoboken , N.J. ; Lansdowne , Pa. ; Silver Spring , Md. ; Virginia Beach , Va. ; Morehead City , N.C. ; Charleston , S.C. ; Atlanta ; Mobile , Ala. ; New Orleans ; Galveston , Texas ; Albuquerque ; and Flagstaff , Ariz .
Typo-correction kit in hand , they 've targeted signs at shopping malls , banks , parks , and roadside cafes , among other venues .
Errors of logic ( " NO REFUND or NO EXCHANGE on any SEASONAL or SALE ITEM " ) , agreement ( " Referred to as the ' Golden Apple , ' lemons flavor and preserve foods . . . " ) , spelling ( " Cakes for All Occassions " ) , and punctuation ( " Cars will be towed at owners expense " ) have been identified and , in dozens of cases , corrected to proper English .
When confronted , store managers and other respondents have been good - natured about it , Deck said .
For the most part .
" There 's been no manhandling or fisticuffs , at least not yet , " he said .
Sometimes , he added , " when a typo is literally or figuratively out of reach , like behind a locked , chain link fence , there 's nothing you can do about it anyway . "
I ’m speechless .
Movie Blog reader Kristina sent me the heads up to the Speed Racer trailer as it was shown on Entertainment tonight .
Speed Racer is n’t really a flick I ’ve been looking forward to at all … the concept of it for a movie just seems kinda weak … but you never know .
Earlier today
Doug posted about some of the new images from the film … and they looked bad .
But even then you temper your negative impulses because maybe it ’ll look better in video and in context .
Well … after viewing the Speed Racer trailer from ET …
I can tell you it looks even worse .
This film looks like it will be a total disaster .
Check it out .
Or you can download the HD version of the trailer here
FinalCall.com
News
Report documents lies leading to Iraq war
By Askia Muhammad
and Richard Muhammad
Report documents falsehoods that pushed U.S. into costly military misadventure
WASHINGTON ( FinalCall.com ) – Lies. Lies. Lies. President George W. Bush and seven of his administration ’s top officials , including Vice President Dick Cheney , Secretary of State Colin Powell , then - National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , made at least 935 false statements in the two years following September 11 , 2001 , to lead the United States into its invasion and occupation of Iraq .
( Source )
Some Russian people hate American cars so much that they smash them with a tank for a scrap metal !
via motorov
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
What is atheism ?
Who are atheists ?
Atheism is the lack of belief in a deity .
Theists often assume atheism to be a " belief " .
And therefore they claim that atheism is a belief system that also requires " faith " ( to believe there is no god ) .
This is an erroneous characterization .
A " lack of belief " is not a " world view " ; it presupposes no rules , doctrine or dogma .
It 's merely a lack of belief in a god .
Do you believe in the non-existence of Santa Claus ?
Would you call yourself an anti-tooth - fairyian ?
Is ones ' identity or world - view tied to what they do n't believe in ?
Here is the origin of the word atheist / atheism :
" Atheism " , from the Greek :
atheismos : noun , from
: noun , from a - : lacking , without , or not having something ; akin to the English suffix " - less "
- : lacking , without , or not having something ; akin to the English suffix " - less " theos : a god , deity , mighty magic entity
: a god , deity , mighty magic entity - ismos : a state , quality , or condition ; an " - ism "
Therefore , " atheism " is " the state , quality , or condition of being without a god or deity " .
" Atheos " would literally mean " godless " , and " atheismos " ( " atheism " ) would literally mean " godlessness " .
Notice that the prefix " a - " does not mean " not " or " against " .
It 's a common mistake to think so .
That would require the use of the Greek prefix " anti - " , such as in the term antikhristos ( " antichrist " ) .
Now , let 's change that suffix .
" Atheist " , from the Greek :
atheistês : noun , from atheismos +
: noun , from atheismos + - istês : one who supports , subscribes to , or performs something
An " atheist " , then , would be " a person who supports or subscribes to a godless state , quality , or condition " .
This does not necessarily mean that atheists positively believe that there is no god .
It simply means that they advocate a lifestyle that is devoid of one .
They live their lives as if there were no god .
Atheism can be further broken down into the following sub-categories :
Weak Atheist - lacks a belief in god or gods , and acknowledges that it is presumptuous to say for sure there is no god , although in the absence of any evidence , contends it is unlikely and not worthy of consideration
99 % of most atheists are the " weak " variety , even though most theists ' idea of atheism is something different :
Strong Atheist - believes that there is no God ; some argue this position , which is uncommon among atheists , is as equally presumptuous as claiming there is a god ( It is accepted that it 's virtually impossible to prove a negative , that something does not exist )
A typical atheist may be strong towards a specific deity such as Jesus , claiming that they are confident the Christian god does not exist .
Likewise a Christian may be a strong atheist towards the Hindu gods .
Agnosticism
The term agnosticism itself does not specifically relate to religion or supernatural creators .
It is a statement on whether ' knowledge is known , unknown , or can never be known ' .
Therefore , someone can be agnostic about any subject , philosophy , material or immaterial claim .
However , in the popular vernacular , the term agnostic is most often associated with theism .
Technically - speaking , the lone term " agnostic " has no meaning without a subject to qualify , but when used by itself is often assumed to be making a statement on the subject of theism ( or lack of the believe in knowledge thereof ) .
In the popular vernacular context of agnosticism by default being associated with god-claims , it can be considered a subset of atheism .
Mainstream media and many people will rarely make note of this because many choose to use the term agnostic to describe their lack of belief due to the negative connotations the media associates with the term atheist , but technically agnostics are atheists :
You do n't typically believe in something you are not sure exists !
For the sake of argument , some people will note it is possible to believe in something who 's existence can or will never be known , but such a position could be clinically diagnosed as a symptom of mental retardation when the scenario does n't involve something as politically - correct as mainstream religion .
Agnosticism can also be broken down into :
Strong Agnostic [ atheist ] - claims that one can never know whether or not there is a god , or according to Richard Dawkins , they are permanent agnostics in principle ( PAP ) , believing that the existence of a god is unknowable .
Weak Agnostic [ atheist ] - accepts the idea that there may or may not be a god ( in other words , " I do n't know , and neither do you . " )
They believe that the existence or non-existence of god is knowable , but that we do not yet know .
Richard Dawkins calls these people Temporary Agnostics in Practice ( TAP ) .
There are some that claim you can be an " agnostic theist " , implying someone believes in gods but recognizes that the knowledge of gods ' existence may or will never be known .
While this is technically true , we are unaware of any practical use of such a term , as the generic definition of [ deist ] seems to fit that bill .
The most common use of agnostic is in an atheistic sense ; any theistic use of the term is usually for the purposes of argumentation and rarely represents anyone 's particular philosophical view .
Traditional published dictionary definitions of " atheist " and " atheism "
What popular dictionaries say about atheism
Dictionary .
Com lists several definitions [ 1 ] : Random House ( aka Dictionary .
Com itself ) :
:
the doctrine or belief that there is no God. disbelief in the existence of a supreme being or beings .
American Heritage Dictionary :
Disbelief in or denial of the existence of God or gods .
The doctrine that there is no God or gods .
Webster 's Revised Unabridged :
the disbelief or denial of the existence of a God , or supreme intelligent Being .
Princeton Univ. Wordnet :
the doctrine or belief that there is no God [ ant : theism ] a lack of belief in the existence of God or gods
archaic : ungodliness , wickedness a disbelief in the existence of deity ; b : the doctrine that there is no deity
Encarta ( formerly Funk & Wagnalls ) [ 3 ] has :
unbelief in God or deities : disbelief in the existence of God or deities
Compact Oxford English Dictionary [ 4 ] has :
the belief that God does not exist .
The common definitions for " atheism " involve strong and weak versions .
Strong = belief there are no god(s ) ; Weak = disbelief / lack of belief in god(s ) .
Some dictionaries stress the strong version over the weak version as a standard accepted meaning .
Is this accurate ?
Not necessarily and this shows the bias of early publishers .
Weak atheism is a subset of strong atheism , but not vice versa .
Therefore the most accurate definition of atheism , without further qualification is the weak variety .
Bias among dictionary publishers
Many popular dictionaries imply the strong definition of atheism as the default , even though strong atheists ( people who claim there are no god(s ) ) are a minority among those calling themselves atheist .
One reason why a misleading definition of atheism exists in popular traditional publications can be traced back to the religious roots of those in the dictionary publishing business .
For example , Noah Webster :
Webster , founder of the dictionary company , was a devout Christian .
His speller was grounded in Scripture , and his first lesson began " Be not anxious for your life , what ye shall eat , or what ye shall drink ; nor for your body , what ye shall put on ; for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of these things . "
His 1828 American Dictionary contained the greatest number of Biblical definitions given in any reference volume .
Webster considered education " useless without the Bible " .
Webster claimed to have learned 20 different languages in finding definitions for which a particular word is used .
From the preface to the 1828 edition of Webster 's American Dictionary of the English Language :
In my view , the Christian religion is the most important and one of the first things in which all children , under a free government ought to be instructed ... .
No truth is more evident to my mind than that the Christian religion must be the basis of any government intended to secure the rights and privileges of a free people .
Webster released his own edition of the Bible in 1833 , called the Common Version .
He used the King James Version ( KJV ) as a base and consulted the Hebrew and Greek along with various other versions and commentaries .
Webster molded the KJV to correct grammar , replaced words that were no longer used , and did away with words and phrases that could be seen as offensive .
All editions of Webster 's Dictionary published in 1913 and earlier , along with the Webster Bible and Dissertation on the English Language are available in the public domain . [ 5 ]
Other Atheistic Identifiers
Bright
Freethinker
True Atheist - A true Atheist ( with a capital A ) is indicated as an atheist who recognizes that supernatural claims require extraordinary evidence .
If you become a true Atheist , you recognize that in the absence of definitive physical evidence of a God or supernatural entity , it is irrational and erroneous to believe in such entities .
A true Atheist can not convert back to theism without definitive physical evidence of a supernatural creator .
( with a capital A ) is indicated as an atheist who recognizes that supernatural claims require extraordinary evidence .
If you become a true Atheist , you recognize that in the absence of definitive physical evidence of a God or supernatural entity , it is irrational and erroneous to believe in such entities .
A true Atheist can not convert back to theism without definitive physical evidence of a supernatural creator .
atheist by default - also known as an apathetic atheist is someone who technically can be described as an atheist because he / she lacks any belief in gods , but has not " arrived " at such a realization through investigation and understanding , instead the atheist by default meets the criteria but ultimately does n't really care much about the cause or nature of atheism .
These people are often fond of calling themselves " atheist " and at the same time calling other atheists out as being annoying and unnecessarily provocative .
See Also
References
.
http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/atheism as of 13:13 , 5 April 2009 ( CDT ) .
http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/atheism as of 13:13 , 5 April 2009 ( CDT ) .
http://encarta.msn.com/dictionary_/atheism.html as of 13:13 , 5 April 2009 ( CDT ) .
http://www.askoxford.com/results/?view=dict&freesearch=atheism&branch=13842570 as of 13:13 , 5 April 2009 ( CDT ) .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noah_Webster#Religious_views
Bold text
How is it that very few investors can make real profits , grow their net worth and consistently beat the market ?
That ’s because it often takes one or more of the following rare traits …
The vision to identify breakthrough products , leaders , and brands .
The knowledge to spot an undervalued gem in a sea of glass
The courage to buy and hold when others are running scared
Occasionally , you ’ll come across an investor with one of these valuable characteristics .
And it ’s likely that person does quite well .
But I ca n’t imagine a person who can offer all three .
That would take two very different and even contradictory approaches …
Fortune favors the brave only !!
The global economy looks set for a rocky ride in 2008 .
But for investors with enough cash in their portfolios this year will offer many opportunities to pick up undervalued assets .
Equities in developed markets look particularly cheap .
While economists believe that the US is already in recession , other parts of the world are still enjoying good growth .
Nonetheless , lower corporate profitability , inflationary pressure decreased liquidity in international markets and the slow pace of interest rate cuts are likely to spell modest returns across many asset classes .
Read
Opportunities will crop up for private investors to buy undervalued assets .
The cheapest asset class is equities , raising the prospect of decent buying opportunities for investors with cash in their portfolios .
Nonetheless , even the best - performing equity markets are expected to offer modest returns .
Developed market equities , however , are likely to outperform equities in emerging markets .
This is underpinned by the expectation that interest rates will be cut sooner in developed markets .
Valuations in developed markets look more compelling than in emerging markets .
Globally , opportunities are starting to crop up for brave investors .
Value is emerging , for example , in the bonds and shares of companies in financial services and property companies .
Some property firms , trading at a 40 - 50 per cent discount to net asset value , look attractive .
The whole world has experienced a major expansion in the availability of credit .
This has been followed by a significant retraction in the availability of cheap loans .
Banks have become more risk averse in an environment where $ 700 billion of sub - prime debt sits at the foot of a $ 10.7 trillion pyramid of debt .
Liquidity in international markets fell during the last quarter of 2007 , slowing growth and limiting returns across asset classes .
This weakness is likely to linger well into 2008 with inflationary pressure limiting the ability of central banks to aggressively cut interest rates .
Looking ahead , global economic growth will struggle to pick up steam without the support of broad interest rates cuts .
The decision by the Federal Reserve to cut its federal funds rate by 75 basis points to 3.5 per cent delivered what the economy needed ..
It is important to remember that cuts in interest rates take time to work .
While cuts in interest rates will alleviate some of the economic pain , the huge amount of household debt in the country - region will take some time to unwind .
The reality is that consumer debt has never been higher .
Based on past experience , we should also expect further pain as a result of the housing crisis and sub - prime mortgage lending .
Our hope is that reasonable growth in other parts of the world will offset the recession in the country - region > to some degree .
All the benefits of interest rate cuts will be undone if the financial system suffers further stress .
The markets will remain fearful of more bad news until the full earnings reporting season for financial companies has come to an end and they have identified their credit related write downs .
Reduced liquidity in global financial markets could also put pressure on the value of property , metal prices and emerging market assets .
The dollar appears to have suffered its biggest decline in this economic cycle but sterling could be vulnerable .
A downturn in the housing market could lead to slower growth and lower interest rates , in turn prompting sterling to fall against the dollar and the euro .
How events play out in the global economy in 2008 remains to be seen .
Market concerns about a more significant slowdown outside the country are increasing .
Even in China there is potential for a slowdown .
The “ muddle through ” scenario – in which in the recession is offset by good growth in other parts of the world – is still a favourite , with a probability of 45 per cent .
Global recession is viewed as high as high as 35 per cent .
The third scenario is one in which the Federal Reserve takes a risk with inflation and cuts rates aggressively to stimulate growth but stores up for the future by stoking inflation .
Be vigilant for such a moment .
The gate of Fort Sam is still visible in Google Maps ' Street View as it is on a public road
Enlarge Image
Close - up , ground - level imagery of US military sites posed a " potential threat " to security , it said .
The move follows the discovery of images of the Fort Sam Houston army base in Texas on Google Maps .
A Google spokesman said that where the US military had expressed concerns , images had been removed .
Google has now been barred from filming and conducting detailed studies of bases , following the discovery of detailed , three - dimensional panoramas online - and in particular , views of the Texan base .
But images inside the base have been removed
" Images include 360 - degree views of the covered area to include access control points , barriers , headquarters , facilities and community areas , " said the defence department in a statement quoted by AFP news agency .
It said such detailed mapping could pose a threat .
Google spokesman Larry
Yu said the decision by a Google team to enter the Texas base , which is in San Antonio , and undertake a detailed survey , had been " a mistake " .
He told the BBC that it was " not our policy to request access to military installations , but in this instance the operator of the vehicle with the camera on top - which is how we go about capturing imagery for Street - View - requested permission to access a military installation , was given access , and after learning of the incident we quickly removed the imagery " .
Individuals and governments
Military officials are currently looking into exactly what imagery is available - though it may not be able to order its removal if images are taken from public streets .
' SPY ' IN THE SKY Mar 2008 : Pentagon bans Google map - makers filming inside military bases Feb 2008 : Heathrow expansion protesters use Google Earth ( GE ) to plan House of Commons rooftop demo Oct 2007 : Al - Aqsa Martyrs ' brigade reportedly using GE to plot rocket attacks on Israel July 2007 : New Chinese Jin-class nuclear sub spotted in port by users of GE Feb 2007 : India demands sensitive sites be blurred amid concern over extremists Aug 2006 : Morrocco begins blocking access to GE , giving no reason Dec 2005 : GE obscures view of Washington mansion of Vice - President Dick Cheney Aug 2005 : South Korea voices " security concerns " at images of its military bases and presidential mansion
Among the popular mapping services offered by Google are Street View , which allows web users to " drive " along virtual US landscapes with ground - level views , and Google Earth , which offers detailed satellite and 3D images of locations around the world .
In this case , it was imagery offered on Street View that caused the concern .
But both have provoked complaints - from individuals depicted in the images and from governments concerned that satellite images could compromise security .
Gary Ross , a spokesman for the US Northern Command , told AFP that although such services could be useful , " there has to be a balance " .
But Mr Yu said Google would listen to concerns about privacy and security .
" We try to have a compliant image removal policy - not only relative to the military but to consumers also , " said Mr Yu .
" If people have concerns , they should contact us . "
DETROIT  Sales of cars and trucks in the United States fell 10 percent in February as oil prices climbed past $ 100 a barrel and worries about a recession rattled consumer confidence .
Honda was the only major automaker that sold more vehicles last month than in February 2007 , though the increase was just 0.7 percent .
The Detroit Three , whose lineups are still heavy in sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks despite their introduction of new passenger cars and crossovers , each reported double - digit percentage declines when adjusted for one additional selling day this year .
Sales of light trucks plunged 26 percent at Chrysler and 23 percent at General Motors , according to the Autodata Corporation , which tracks industry statistics .
The carmakers largely blame the housing slump for the lackluster demand , particularly for the pickups used by building contractors , but steadily rising gas prices are yet another concern .
The domain yazum.com may be for sale .
Please send an inquiry to info@first1.com
The Florida Supreme Court ruled this morning that if controversial Miami attorney and anti-gaming violence activist Jack Thompson would like to file anything with the Court in the future , he has to hire a lawyer to do so for him , reports GamePolitics .
This ruling follows the Court 's decision last month to issue Thompson a show cause order ( .pdf ) as a result of Mr. Thompson " submitting inappropriate and pornographic materials to [ the ] Court . "
Additionally , the order cites 46 prior filings by Thompson which the Court says are " repetitive , frivolous , and insult the integrity of the Court . "
The Court 's ruling effectively prevents Thompson from pursuing legal matters ( which have most commonly been related to the gaming industry ) pro se , or on his own behalf .
By forcing Thompson to hire another lawyer to aid him in any further litigation in Florida , the Court has presented him with economic incentive to be less " frivolous " with his choice of his legal actions .
For those following Mr. Thompson 's ongoing Florida Bar trial , bear in mind that this ruling is a separate issue and has no bearing on that ongoing legal proceeding .
BREAKING - Florida Supreme Court Sanctions Jack Thompson [ GamePolitics ]
Image : bloomsberries / Flickr
An Australian woman faces a firing squad after a Vietnamese appeal court sentenced her to death for heroin trafficking .
Jasmine Luong had been jailed for life by a lower court when she was convicted of attempting to smuggle 1.5 kg of heroin on to a flight to Australia .
But the prosecution appealed , pushing for the death penalty , and yesterday the appeal court in Ho Chi Minh City increased her sentence , the state - run newspaper Liberation Saigon said .
Luong , 34 , who lives in Sydney , has 15 days to appeal directly to the president , Nguyen Minh Triet .
She was arrested in February last year at Tan Son Nhat international airport in Ho Chi Minh City , while boarding a flight .
Customs officials found 1.5 kg of heroin in her shoes and luggage .
Luong told appeal court judges that an unidentified man had given her an advance of $ 4,700 ( £ 2,350 ) to take the drug to Australia , where she would receive a further $ 10,300 ( £ 5,150 ) .
Vietnam has some of the world 's harshest drugs laws .
Possessing , trading or trafficking in more than 600g of heroin or 20kg of opium carries a sentence of life imprisonment or death .
Several Australians of Vietnamese descent have been arrested in recent years for smuggling heroin to Australia .
Americans took 10.3 billion trips on public transportation in 2007 , the highest level in 50 years , representing a 2.1 % increase over the previous year , according to data released by the American Public Transportation Association ( APTA ) .
Public transportation use is up 32 % since 1995 , a figure that is more than double the growth rate of the population ( 15 % ) and up substantially over the growth rate for the vehicle miles traveled ( VMT ) on US highways ( 24 % ) for that same period .
Light rail ( modern streetcars , trolleys , and heritage trolleys ) had the highest percentage of ridership increase among all modes , with a 6.1 % increase in 2007 .
Light rail systems showed double digit increases in the following areas : New Orleans ( 128.6 % ) ; Denver ( 66.2 % ) ; Saint Louis ( 27.0 % ) ; Philadelphia ( 26.2 % ) ; Kenosha ( 18.5 % ) ; the state of New Jersey ( 14.7 % ) ; and Memphis ( 11.3 % ) .
Commuter rail posted the second largest ridership increase at 5.5 % .
The five commuter rail systems with the double digit ridership growth rate in 2007 were located in the following areas : Nashville ( 257.9 % ) ; Santa Fe ( 96.6 % ) ; Harrisburg ( 41.3 % ) ; Seattle ( 27.4 % ) ; Oakland ( 14.2 % ) ; Dallas / Fort Worth ( 12.1 % ) ; Stockton ( 11.9 % ) ; Portland , ME ( 11.8 % ) ; and Pompano Beach , FL ( 10.3 % ) .
Heavy rail ( subways ) ridership increased by 3.1 % .
The heavy rail systems with double digit increases in ridership for 2007 were in the following cities : San Juan ( 13.2 % ) and Atlanta ( 10.1 % ) .
Bus service saw an increase of 1.0 % , but in communities with a population of less than 100,000 , bus services saw an increase of 6.4 % in 2007 .
Major increases by large bus agencies occurred in the following cities : Seattle ( 7.5 % ) ; Denver ( 7.0 % ) ; and Minneapolis ( 5.4 % ) .
In 2004 , the latest year for which the data is available , all modes of public transit accounted for 49 billion passenger miles ; total vehicle miles travelled in the US is around 3 trillion per year .
Resources
VANCOUVER , British Columbia ( Reuters ) - The United States is at the edge of a recession , with the odds at 50 percent or possibly higher , former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Thursday .
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan ( R ) talks with Sheri Cooper , chief economist for Bank of Montreal , during a talk to a financial audience in Vancouver , British Columbia January 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Andy Clark
“ The odds have definitely moved up from a year ago when I was talking of about a third , ” Greenspan told a financial audience in Vancouver .
“ I think we are now at a point that we are at the edge or over . ”
He added : “ The probability of a recession is 50 percent , maybe more but we are not there yet . ”
Greenspan ’s comments were similar to those he made earlier in the month , and he acknowledged that it was very difficult to predict exactly when the economy might enter a recession or was actually in one .
The former Fed chairman said a lesson learned from previous downturns in the economy and financial markets - such as after the September 11 , 2001 attacks - was the need to avoid protectionist trade policies .
“ The economy is exceedingly more resilient than in the past , ” Greenspan said , when asked if he thought if a recession would be shallow or deep , adding later “ for that reason I would argue for a relatively shallow recession . ”
On the issue of the subprime mortgages , which are at the heart of the current economic turmoil , Greenspan said that although the loans were risky , he believed that they were worth the risk as they helped broaden home ownership , especially among minorities .
The “ real big surprise ” to him was how the subprime crisis migrated across borders to other parts of the world because of securitization -- where the mortgages were bundled together for sale through complex financial instruments .
Greenspan gave a cautious thumbs up to the recent injections by sovereign wealth funds , or government - controlled funds , of billions of dollars in exchange for stakes in a number of U.S. banks hard - hit by the subprime crisis .
“ I must admit I am a little uncomfortable ( with sovereign wealth funds ) ... but I must admit there is very little evidence that they are being used inappropriately , ” Greenspan said .
“ On balance I think they are desirable , ” he added .
China , Kuwait and Singapore are among the foreign governments that have pumped money into U.S. companies in recent weeks .
Citigroup Inc C.N said last month it would get nearly $ 7 billion from Singapore Investment Corp Pte and $ 3 billion from the Kuwait Investment Authority .
Merrill Lynch MER.N said it received $ 6.6 billion from Kuwait , the Korean Investment Corp and Japan 's Mizuho Financial Group .
Click to view
The format war .
It 's over .
Done .
Break out the blue victory hats and Curaçao , right ?
Wrong .
There wo n't be a Blu-ray victory party .
Do n't take my word for it ?
How about Sony Electronics CEO Stan Glasgow's ?
" From our perspective , the battle really begins now . "
Now that HD DVD is dispatched , the members of Team Blu-ray can start fighting standard - def DVDs , digital downloads , consumer apathy , the Chinese and — of course — each other .
Here 's the current state of Blu-ray , post - war edition :
Everybody Hurts
It 's been discussed at length how brutal this contest was for Toshiba .
But the Blu-ray members in the victory circle are licking some pretty serious wounds , too .
Sony basically bet their entire company on the format — plowing over a billion dollars into the PS3 trojan horse , plus , as far as we know , another half billion on largesse for studios to put on Blu 's stripes , for starters .
Advertisement
Chris Walker , Pioneer 's senior product manager for Blu-ray told us he thought that the format war " affected Blu-ray prices substantially , " and that " for a new technology to drop the prices by half within a year of coming out " seriously hurt everyone involved .
People are still ready to complain about the relatively high price of Blu-ray players , but they are way lower than the manufacturers had planned , and now they can't recoup the high fixed development costs they would have with higher price tags during the first couple years on the market .
DVD players were stratospherically priced for several years .
Advertisement
On the studio side , the drawn - out conflict was sapping both HD disc and DVD sales , as consumers waited for a victor and slowed down DVD purchases in anticipation .
Everybody was losing , even the winners .
It got so bad that we have reason to believe Sony did n't just urge Best Buy , Netflix and Wal - Mart to go exclusively Blu , but went so far as to ask Toshiba directly to please pull out .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Their pain , you 're pay-ing
Point is , a lot of money was spent to hoist Blu-ray onto the winner 's pedestal .
Why do you care ?
Because it means manufacturers are n't rushing to drop player prices any further than they have already .
Walker admitted the only reason players are as cheap as they are — calling $ 399 a year after the format 's introduction a " bargain " — is because of the format war .
Interestingly , Walker also told us that low hardware margins are part of the reason Toshiba mostly stood alone in standalone player production : " Why would Pioneer want to build one when Toshiba was selling them at $ 150 ? "
Advertisement
So , while Pioneer promises healthy competition between Blu-ray Disc Association members this year , do n't expect it to be too healthy — the big price - killer among them is the PS3 , ironically .
The major force that drove down DVD - player prices years ago was the flood of cheap Chinese models at Wal - Mart , and the BDA is holding them at bay , refusing to license the tech to low - cost manufacturers for the time being .
Piracy is implied as a concern , but the more obvious motive is to keep player prices as high as they can , while they can , to recoup the heavy losses incurred waging the format war in the first place .
A $ 199 player with a Sony name on it is definitely at least a year away .
Advertisement
Spec Wars , SKU Times
We 've already told you not to buy a Blu-ray player yet , citing the spec issue — if you buy a player without an Ethernet port , you 're screwed when it comes to more updated specifications like BD - Live interactive content and picture - in - picture .
But it 's actually even crazier than we thought .
When we finally see a geniune $ 199 Blu- ray player , it will more than likely be spec 1.1 , so you 'll get picture - in - picture , but there wo n't be any internet - fueled interaction , like that sweet - sounding AVP multiplayer game .
Advertisement
That 's right , even after Blu-ray spec 2.0 players finally hit the market , new 1.1 spec players will continue to roll out as well , so the potential for consumer confusion will remain stratospheric .
( Everyone should heed Sony CEO Stan Glasgow 's own comment : " Any confusion curbs consumer demand . " )
See , the 2.0 spec is not mandatory for manufacturers , though 1.1 is .
Consequently , the cheapest players we will see finally hitting shelves will be 1.1 ( though all of Sony 's actually will be 2.0 " capable " from here on out ) .
Walker confirms that while he personally " would like to see BD - Live players only , " even Pioneer " will be offering both types of players . "
Advertisement
The different players will be labeled either " BonusView " or " BD - Live , " not 1.1 or 2.0 , which is good , because Glasgow does n't " think consumers are that aware of 1.0 , 2.0 , whatever . "
Will they even know the difference between BonusView and BD - Live ?
Will they understand why a player they buy now wo n't access features on a disc they buy later , just because Sony says " that 's the way it goes in the world " ?
Content is King Queen
The spec issue is messy on the content front as well — and we 're not just talking about clearly labeled discs .
The 2.0 spec being optional on future players makes its feature set all the more frivolous — why spend a lot of money creating features only the richest Blu-ray users — a smaller fraction of an already tiny fraction — can access ?
For example , while Fox is definitely sporting wood for interactivity , others are n't as excited .
Sony Home Entertainment biz dev VP
Rich Marty told us it 's " just the icing on the cake . "
Icing not everyone can lick .
Advertisement
On the other hand , things are mostly looking up on the new - release front for Blu— all of the major studios we talked to said that pretty much every major theatrical release will hit the format from here on out .
It 's the back catalog that 's the prob , and it 's going to be slow coming by most accounts .
Not only will Universal probably take a very long time getting its current 150 - disc HD DVD catalog out on Blu-ray , but other studios will most likely double dip , releasing the same movie a second time with better features and perhaps a cleaner transfer , before getting around to some of your favorite old chestnuts .
Speaking of Universal , we 're currently looking at a months - long black hole of Universal , Dreamworks and Paramount 's releases , thanks to their belated integration ( or re-integration ) into the Blu-ray fold .
Not only will it be late spring or early summer before we see any of their flicks hit Blu , we 're hearing that they might have trouble buying dual - layer 50 GB Blu-ray discs to produce them on , because the more settled Blu-ray studios have already purchased the entire 2008 stock — not hard to do , thanks to the limited number of replication sites and lower yields .
This means that they 'll only have access to 25 GB discs , which could mean fewer features and lower - quality video and audio .
Advertisement
If you do n't think capacity is an issue — necessitating the dual - layer discs — a Disney spokesperson ( not to mention Metal Gear guru Hideo Kojima ) says otherwise : even 50 GB is n't enough .
Disney 's upcoming Sleeping Beauty Platinum release is going to take up two discs : a 50 GB double layer plus another 25 GB one .
While every release wo n't be a two - disc monster , the company tells us that " franchises like Pirates of the Caribbean or Narnia ... also get similar kind of treatments . "
It also confirmed that , for the moment , Blu-ray disc replicators are " kinda limited . "
Advertisement
The Real Enemy
Truthfully , these are all just minor issues .
The biggest problem on Blu-ray 's hands ?
DVD .
It 's entrenched , it 's cheap , and for most people , it 's good enough ( especially upscaled on a 720 p LCD from 8 or 10 feet away ) .
Sony mouthpieces and execs laugh off the " threat " of video downloads , but they do n't seem to laugh when you talk about the exact same content on DVD .
Even while Glasgow assures us they " think [ Blu- ray sales ] can get up to DVD levels , " he admits " there are some issues : upscaling DVDs is getting better and better . "
Sony continually must " convince people of the value of high definition . "
Advertisement
In fact , everyone we talked to — in Hollywood or in hardware — emphasized the need to educate consumers about high def and convince them to make the switch .
If it 's so inevitable and obvious , why do they need to pour a load of money and ad time into it ?
Sony 's major campaign for the entire year is " HDNA , " all about educating consumers about HD .
The Sony brand might " hold up well during difficult economic times " but a recession will keep DVD looking pretty good to a lot of people , even ones who already bought an HDTV .
Bundling players with HDTVs — which Glasgow said would happen soon — might spur adoption , but until the Wal - mart masses can easily ( read : cheaply ) adopt Blu-ray , it 's not going to knock DVD players off shelves .
That 's several years out .
Advertisement
The Dim Light at the End of the Tunnel
Naturally , Blu-ray will only get better — the hardware will improve , the catalog will grow , the feature set will expand .
Already standalone players load up much faster than craptastically slow players of yesteryear — one of Pioneer 's new players , which will be announced shortly , already boasts a boot time of 14.8 seconds , nearly halving the time of the current fastest standalone player , Panasonic 's BD - 30 , which stands at around 26 seconds .
It 's on those kind of things that Pioneer plans to compete on in the market , though it 'll be asking a heavier price to get them .
Blu-ray will get cheaper though , slowly but surely .
Competition between and among BDA members will nudge prices down to the $ 299 mark this year , and we 'll see that mythic $ 199 mark within a year — with the Chinese cheap - player cavalry not far behind , ready to grind profit margins into oblivion .
That 's when we 'll see mass adoption — when , from a consumer perspective , Blu-ray really " wins . "
Too bad , on the hardware side , there may not be any spoils left for the victors .
Drivers often joke their car " is running on fumes , " when the tank gets low .
Well , how about an engine that actually gets its energy from gasoline fumes ?
Or , tired of looking for parking space ?
Well , someone has dreamed up an all - electric car so thin it can compete with motorcycles for the gaps between SUVs .
And no need to fill up on expensive gasoline anymore – one would - be Henry Ford wants to build an engine that runs on compressed air , the stuff that fills your tires .
Naturally , it 's called the Air Car .
All of these ideas – some with actual tires on the ground – are entered for the Progressive Automotive X Prize , an international competition that will award $ 10 million to the first team that can build and bring to market a car that gets the equivalent of 100 miles per gallon .
So far , no major auto company has said it 'll compete , although some have said they are curious and might kick a few tires when no one is looking .
There will be a contest , scheduled to begin September next year , in which these ambitious prototypes will be driven about like regular cars .
And since Americans like to race – or at least go to NASCAR events – these decidedly non-Detroit vehicles will hold a race of their own .
Last Thursday , the X Prize Foundation rolled out some of the contestants at the New York International Auto Show , an event where " concept cars " usually just mean futuristic styling , or technology that wo n't be ready for the public to use until colonies are established on the moon .
" We need a car that is not just a concept but can be made in mass quantities at a reasonable cost for the average American , " says Jack Hidary , chairman of the Coalition Advocating for Smart Transportation and a donor to the X Prize 's new effort .
" Unfortunately , Detroit has not stepped up to the plate , they have fought CAFE [ Corporate Average Fuel Economy ] standards every step of the way . "
But some automakers say the competition is passé .
Volkswagen has chosen not to participate .
" In 2001 , we put a European Lupo3L hypereconomy car through the now - archaic EPA testing and got 80 miles per gallon in the city and 100 on the highway , " says Keith Price , the public relations manager .
" So in terms of the X Prize , we wish them well but from our perspective , we 've been there , done that . "
The Lupo is no longer in production .
Another manufacturer , Honda , is quite pleased with the ecological virtues of its hydrogen fuel - cell car , which gets 62 miles per gallon .
As he shows off the vehicle , company spokesman Todd Mittleman reveals that the seats are made of corn - based bio-fabric .
" So , I guess if you are stuck in your car for a couple of days , you can eat the seats , although I would n't recommend it , " he says .
What about the X Prize ?
Mr. Mittleman says he would like to be present when the winner is announced even though Honda so far has n't indicated it would enter the contest .
" The constraints and criteria are pretty tough , " he says .
If the automakers wo n't take on the challenge , Todd Pratt and the other five partners of FuelVapor Technologies in Vancouver , British Columbia , are more than willing to try .
Their gas fume car – conceived and built in spare hours outside full - time jobs – has so far gotten up to 92 miles per gallon .
Now , Mr. Pratt , who owns restaurants , and his cohorts ( or is that carhorts ? ) are moving toward a combination of vapor technology and electric hybrid to get to the " magic " 100 miles per gallon .
Have they had any bites from automakers ?
" No , we 're very much under the radar , " says Pratt , whose group has been working on their unusual - looking three - wheeled vehicle for two years .
" We do n't have any illusions , we want to be a small niche automaker , starting with 150 to 200 cars a year and then maybe working up to 5,000 or 10,000 cars a year while developing technology and licensing it out to others . "
The 60 teams from nine countries that have entered the competition include a team from an inner city high school in Philadelphia , a group from Cornell University , and a company called " Psycho - Active " in Moore , S.C .
" The idea behind the name is about thinking , pushing the paradigm , " says John Robitaille , the leader of the Moore team , which is working on an advanced rotary engine design .
But will people want to drive a Psycho - Active ?
" It does n't roll off the tongue , " admits Mr. Robitaille , who also has a day job in the telecom business .
The only car company that has signed on is Tesla Motors , which makes a 100 percent electric sports car that the company claims gets the equivalent of 135 miles per gallon .
The base price for the 2008 model is $ 98,000 .
The price alone may make it difficult to win not only the X Prize but also the hearts and minds of American drivers .
As he sits in a VW at the auto show , Christopher Hopson , an auto analyst at Global Insight , an economic forecasting firm in Lexington , Mass .
says the X Prize could be good for the planet .
But , he warns contenders to make their cars affordable .
" If it 's too expensive , that 's a barrier , " he says .
House Members receive letters , photo of NY recruiting station sent before bombing
A number of House members were mailed a letter and photo of a Times Square recruiting station in Manhattan before it was bombed on Thursday morning , according to House insiders and law - enforcement officials .
Initial information from Capitol Hill sources suggested the letters were sent only to eight House Democrats from the New York City area , but a senior House aide said many more members than that total could have received the missives .
One source desribed the letter as a " 20 - page rambling rant , " and the AP reported the envelopes included a " holiday greeting card " with the message " Happy New Year , We Did It " on the cards .
The AP also reported there was " a photo of a man standing in front of the recruiting station before it was bombed " in the envelopes .
The letter did not contain any specific threats against the lawmakers or the site , according to law - enforcement officials , but the U.S. Capitol Police and the FBI are now investigating the matter .
It was unclear which lawmakers received the letters or their party affiliation .
The letter was postmarked Feb. 28 , a week before the explosion in New York , according to several Capitol Hill sources .
The New York Times is reporting that the " improvised explosive device " used in the attack " was ' roughly similar ' to the devices used in two earlier bombings at foreign consulates in Manhattan in 2005 and 2007 . "
Aides to Democratic Sens. Hillary Rodham Clinton and Charles Schumer said they were not aware of any such letters being received by their offices , but under mail - screening procedures put in place for Congress following the October 2001 anthrax attacks , it may take several weeks before such a letter actually gets to a member or senator 's office .
Five people died in that still unsolved attack .
A message sent to all congressional offices by the Capitol Police on Thursday night said :
" Attention All Members of the Congressional Community
Within the past twenty - four hours , a number of letters have begun arriving at various congressional offices on Capitol Hill .
The letters contain a reference to the military recruiting office in New York City .
At this time , none of the letters received , have contained any threat to the congressional community or members of Congress .
All of the letters have properly passed through congressional mail security screening procedures before arriving at various congressional offices and have been determined to be safe .
These letters can be identified in the following manner :
* All envelopes received have all been manila in color and are approximately five inches by eight inches in size .
* All envelopes have two ( one dollar ) stamps affixed to them and a white label with a return address .
The United States Capitol Police want to preserve any possible evidence .
Therefore , in the event that any envelopes arrive at your congressional office , please respond in the following manner :
1 . Do not attempt to open the envelope .
2. Immediately contact the USCP Command Center at XXX - XXXX
The command center will have an officer dispatched to your office to take possession of the letter .
Because this is an ongoing criminal investigation , please do not forward this email or release information outside your immediate office . "
Editor 's Note : Comments that include inappropriate or offensive langauge will be immediately deleted .
Thanks , John Bresnahan
On a cool , clear mid-October weekend six people were murdered in New Orleans .
The killings brought the tally of the slain in the Crescent City this year to 163 , above the total of 162 for the entirety of 2006 .
The following weekend three more people were murdered in New Orleans - on Saturday alone .
With nearly two full months left in the year , it is looking like the homicide rate in New Orleans will substantially outpace 2006 's near - record numbers , which themselves far eclipsed even gang - plagued , hopelessly violent cities like Compton , California .
Indeed , with a murder rate of nearly 70 per 100,000 , New Orleans is now three times more dangerous than murder - plagued cities like Philadelphia ( recently nicknamed " Killadelphia " ) and Baltimore ( home to HBO 's apocalyptically grim series The Wire ) .
What 's happened ?
The New Orleans police department 's top brass tends to place the blame for all of the city 's criminal justice woes on Katrina , but it 's well known that New Orleans was an extraordinarily dangerous place well before the hurricane made landfall .
The crack cocaine wars of the late 1980s and early 1990s that made Washington , DC and New York City such hotbeds of street violence hit a particularly bloody crescendo in New Orleans .
During the mid-1990s New Orleans reigned as the nation 's murder capital , a frenzy of violence and drug dealing fomented in part by a police force that had grown almost irredeemably corrupt .
Indeed , in 1994 federal prosecutors indicted 10 New Orleans cops on drug trafficking charges .
More dramatically , that same year a New Orleans officer named Len Davis was charged with ordering the murder of a woman who had filed a police brutality complaint against him .
So , when Richard Pennington was sworn in as top cop in New Orleans in 1994 , he made eradicating police corruption a top priority .
Mr Pennington also emphasised community policing and insisted that the New Orleans police department ( NOPD ) focus on high crime areas ( or " hotspots " ) .
The so - called Pennington Plan was astonishingly effective in bringing down the murder rate in New Orleans .
By the late 1990s , New Orleans not only finally began experiencing the significant crime declines that had been occurring in major metropolises like Los Angeles and New York City , it also had the largest decrease in crime among 50 major US cities .
But by the early 2000s , crime began rising in New Orleans again .
After a failed mayoral bid in 2002 , Mr Pennington was out as police chief - he is now top cop in Atlanta - and the long - suffering criminal justice system in New Orleans began collapsing .
In recent years , the Orleans Parish district attorney 's office has released hundreds of suspects under Article 701 of the Louisiana code of criminal procedure , which states that suspects cannot be held for longer than 60 days on felony arrest without an indictment .
Reasons given for the lack of charges filed in 701 cases range from incomplete police reports to overburdened assistant district attorney 's who were simply not able to file an indictment before the 60 - day period expired .
Unsurprisingly , the city 's drug business began getting the message that felony crimes - even murder - would most likely end in a 701 release .
Pre-Katrina , there were a few hundred 701 releases per year .
But after the storm , the trickle of 701 releases became a flood .
In 2006 alone , there were nearly 3,000 such releases , a five - or six - fold increase over pre-flood levels .
Experts offer various explanations .
Some cite the inexperience of Orleans Parish district attorney Eddie Jordan , who took office without ever trying a case in criminal court .
Others cite inadequate case processing on the part of the New Orleans police department .
In one quadruple murder , for example , a police report was a total of three pages .
Whatever the reason , 701 - related laxity has become so common that New Orleans street hustlers have dubbed doing 60 days in jail for a killing a " misdemeanour murder . "
This was no exaggeration : in addition to the thousands of suspects being released under Article 701 , the Orleans Parish district attorney 's office secured just one conviction in the 162 murders committed in 2006 .
Worse still , the district attorney 's violent offenders unit ( VOU ) which handles the city 's most violent crime has recently been wracked by staff departures .
Former prosecutors have publicly complained that they were forced to spend much of their time performing administrative tasks like photocopying .
Unsurprisingly , Mr Jordan - he finally resigned last week - attempted to portray the former prosecutors ' complaints as merely sour grapes .
But when a small New Orleans - based non-profit organisation called " Silence is Violence " announced on October 1 that it would provide an administrative assistant to the VOU , it became clear that the district attorney 's office was indeed suffering from a profound lack of resources .
The district attorney 's office faced a severe crisis of confidence under Jordan .
Dozens of former employees were recently awarded a $ 3.7 m judgment in a race discrimination claim filed in federal court in 2003 .
The former employees ( who are white ) claim that Mr Jordan ( a former federal prosecutor who is New Orleans ' first black district attorney ) fired them because of their race .
Mr Jordan asked New Orleans ' city council to add the amount of the judgement to his office 's 2008 budget so the sum can be repaid .
Mr Jordan 's office also warned that if it does not receive help , his office could be " forced to close " and will be " without sufficient assistant district attorneys to prosecute approximately 2,500 cases , which are currently awaiting trial . "
The office is now run by interim district attorney Keva Landrum - Johnson , the first female district attorney in the history of New Orleans .
As the year comes to a bloody close , it seems that New Orleans is nearing the tipping point where it may become so violent that it is no longer livable at all .
Certainly , the current murder rate is so high and the city 's population so low ( around 250,000 , well below pre- Katrina population of about 500,000 ) that a significant chunk of the city is already simply being killed off .
Incredibly , the killing fields of New Orleans do not appear to rank high as a concern among state and local officials .
The mayor , Ray Nagin , has been silent in the face of the sort of mass killing that occurred and often dismissive of it .
This summer , he told a group of reporters that the murder rate " keeps the New Orleans brand out there . "
The police chief , Warren Riley , is n't much different .
Earlier this year , after the back - to - back murders of Harvard graduate and independent filmmaker Helen Hill and jazzman Dinneral Shavers ( who appeared in Spike Lee 's Katrina documentary When the Levees Broke ) , Mr Riley unveiled an anti-crime plan that was comprised of little more than random traffic stops .
And Mr Riley was all - too - defensive recently when the New Orleans - based Metropolitan Crime Commission released a report urging the New Orleans police department to focus on violent offenders .
Perhaps the most serious blow to New Orleans ' ailing criminal justice system is the recent election of former Republican Congressman Bobby Jindal as Lousiana 's governor .
Mr Jindal has boasted that he will turn New Orleans - which is already profoundly suffering from a lack of public resources - into a model of far right privatisation politics on such issues as education and healthcare .
So , New Orleans speeds along to the sort of wholesale destruction than even Katrina could not have wrought without anyone in major leadership positions stepping up to stop the bloodletting .
" The trouble is , " University of New Orleans criminologist Peter Scharf told me recently , " there is no willing to stand up and say ' This is fucking nuts . ' "
· Ethan Brown is the author of Queens Reigns Supreme : Fat Cat , 50 Cent and the Rise of the Hip - Hop Hustler ( Random House ) and the forthcoming Snitch : Informants , Cooperators and the Corruption of Justice ( Public Affairs ) .
He lives in New Orleans .
This largely political activity is a lifelong work of discovery by the founders of We Hold These Truths .
Christian Zionism is confusing because it masquerades as a faith .
We may have been the first to define Christian Zionism as : “ the belief that the present day State of Israel is the fulfillment of Biblical prophesy . ”
As such , Israel has assumed a semi - god status in the minds of some 50 million or more professing Christians .
Interestingly , the RFA 's page on industry statistics shows that ethanol production in 2006 was 4.86 billion gallons .
This is 116 million barrels .
Somehow using 116 million barrels of ethanol , with a per barrel BTU value of just over half that of a barrel of oil , displaced 170 million barrels of oil .
To be precise , 116 million barrels of ethanol contain the BTU equivalent of 64 million barrels of oil .
FACT : In 2006 , the production and use of ethanol in the U.S. reduced oil imports by 170 million barrels , saving $ 11 billion from being sent to foreign and often hostile countries .
It is interesting that this claim is so popular , given that it is so easily shown to be false .
From the Renewable Fuels Association 's ( RFA ) " Energy Facts " :
As a result of the recent Rolling Stone article on ethanol , I have been getting a lot of e-mails in which the same topics come up again and again .
Therefore , I decided to write a comprehensive ethanol FAQ , which will eventually be placed in full here at TOD .
Right now , the FAQ is a work in progress on my blog ( feel free to provide comments / criticisms ) , but I will occasionally post various topics here as I work my way through them .
Today 's topic is the claim :
The RFA 's source on that was the consulting firm LECG , where director John M. Urbanchuk has also been quoted :
The production of nearly five billion gallons of ethanol means that the U.S. needed to import 206 million fewer barrels of oil in 2006 , valued at $ 11.2 billion .
This is money that stayed in the American economy .
Source : Contribution of the Ethanol Industry to the Economy of the United States in 2006 ( PDF download )
But it gets even better .
From DOE Assistant Secretary Alexander Karsner 's keynote address to the RFA 's National Ethanol Conference in Tucson , Arizona :
Last year , we contributed something on the order of a displacing 500 million barrels of oil , oil that we did n't have to import from regimes that are hostile to our interest or might leverage energy economics over our future .
Here 's the same claim by Paul Dickerson , Chief Operating Officer at the DOE 's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy :
Over 6 billion gallons of ethanol were produced in the United States last year , and we have an additional 5 billion gallons of refining capacity under construction .
That effort means 500 million fewer barrels of oil that we have to import from the Middle East .
That 's from the U.S. Department of Energy , folks .
That is the department of the U.S. government that is charged with formulating and carrying out U.S. energy policy .
And they are clearly delusional about the level of petroleum displacement from ethanol .
If I truly believed those numbers , I would be all over the ethanol bandwagon as well .
Either they are purposely misleading people , or they actually believe what they are saying .
Both options are disturbing , considering the role the DOE plays in influencing energy policies .
How on earth are people coming up with these numbers ?
Can 64 million barrels of oil equivalent displace 170 million , 206 million , or even 500 million barrels of oil ?
And recognize that we have n't even touched upon the fact that the 64 million barrels is the gross output , and not the net .
To get a true displacement number ( for just petroleum ) , we have to subtract out all of the petroleum inputs that went into making those barrels of ethanol .
At least that 's what we would do if our goals were scientific , with the intention of getting to the truth of the matter , and not politically motivated .
Since ethanol is a gasoline replacement , this oil displacement should be most pronounced if we look at the gasoline demand curve .
As ethanol has ramped up exponentially since 2000 , how much gasoline has been displaced ?
It 's not apparent that there was any displacement .
As shown in the link , as ethanol has ramped up since 2000 , not only has gasoline demand increased by 10 billion barrels per year , but there is n't even any obvious effect from ethanol on the gasoline growth curve .
As ethanol has ramped up , we have become more dependent upon petroleum .
That is not my opinion .
That 's what the numbers say , in black and white .
U.S. dependence on foreign oil is a demand - side problem .
It is not going to be fixed by producing more ethanol - false claims about the amount of displacement notwithstanding .
And it is not going to be fixed unless we confront the reality of the situation instead of the political spin .
Oh see , at first I thought Dodai was saying they look tard , like " frigtard . "
But then I saw that they were " tard . "
And the post - tits is hilarious .
I know y'all must be giggling your asses off coming up with this stuff .
Especially those hats .
U.S. satellite reconnaissance photo of suspected Soviet beam weapon installation near Semipalatinsk .
Published July 28 , 1980 .
( Courtesy Aviation Week & Space Technology )
The Sky in a Room
Giorgio Carboni , May 1996
English version revised by Ed Vogel
INTRODUCTION
This time , we will deal with an optical experiment easy to do , but which , in spite of its simplicity , is able to give you a continuous marvel .
What you have to do is simply mount a lens on the bedroom window .
In this way , when you wake up in the morning , you will admire the outside scene projected on a wall of your bedroom ( figure 1 ) .
If your window is turned to East , you will be able to enjoy the spectacle of dawn and the sunrise .
This show changes every day , according to the seasons and the weather conditions , and you will never become tired of observing it .
During a storm , lighting will seem to fall in your room .
If you live in a City , during the night , you will see car lights to chase each other ; the building in front of your house , open one eye or the other ; you will see street lamps far away .
Some nights , if you have the window facing the favorable direction , you will see the Moon run among the clouds .
For centuries , people experienced the observation of the world behind closed windows .
If a knot in the wood of which the window was made just fell , the image of the outside world was formed on the opposite wall .
This image is formed because light travels in straight lines .
Hence , the rays coming from every object , passing through a thin hole , will attain distinct points on the wall .
Those which are coming from a lower point , passing through the hole , will reach a high position on the wall , and vice versa .
For this reason , the images produced are inverted .
The optical principle on which this experiment is based is that of the lens which creates images .
You can read how this lens works in the section " From Lenses to Optical Instruments " of this Gallery .
This experiment is suitable also to explain the concept of camera obscura and how man has gone from the camera obscura to the photographic camera .
The camera obscura is simply a dark room , which can have dimension ranging from many meters to a few centimeters .
With a simple hole in a window , an image of the external world will be formed on the opposite wall .
Usually , this image is faint .
To increase its brightness , you should enlarge the hole .
Unfortunately , in doing so , the image becomes more confused .
In order to obtain a brighter and a clearer image at the end of the XVI century , G.B. Della Porta suggested the use of a lens .
Many artists of the renaissance used this system to draft their views .
This method was particularly useful in taking architectural scenes , with the correct perspective .
For long time , people looked for chemical compounds sensible to the light to the aim of allowing the light draw the images by itself .
The photographic camera born as a consequence of the success in these attempts .
In fact , the photographic camera can be considered a camera obscura with a film : a surface sensible to the light , able to record it .
THE MAIN COMPONENT : THE CONVERGING LENS
Now , let 's to see how you can make the experiment of the camera obscura , which will allow you to enjoy having the sky in your room and , in some manner , your soul outside .
Its main component is a converging lens with a focal length about equal to the distance between the lens and the wall where the image is formed .
Usually , this value will be comprised between 4 and 5 meters .
You can buy the lens at the optician's .
A meniscus lens for eyeglass , and as cheap as possible , is good .
Unlike all the people in the optics field , the eyeglass industry is the only one that measures focal lengths as diopters .
So , when you go to the optician to buy the lens for this experiment , he will ask you how much power , or diopters , you want it .
This simple formula allows you to pass from the focal length to the diopters : D = 1 / FL where :
D = diopters
FL = focal length of the lens ( expressed in meters ! )
Besides , people place the sign " + " before the power of a converging lens and the sign " - " before the power of a diverging lens .
For this experiment you need a converging lens .
Let 's make a couple of examples :
- a converging lens of half a meter of focal length has a power of +2 diopters .
In fact : D = 1/0,5 = +
2
- a converging lens of 4 meter of focal length has a power of +0.25 diopters .
In fact : D = 1/4 = +0,25
You cannot find in the market lenses of every value of focal length , but only of fixed values of 1 / 4 of diopter , so : +0.25 +0.5 +0.75 +1 , etc .
With difficulty you will be able to find in the market values such as +0.2 or +0.3 diopters which could be handy for you .
In any case , ask to the optician for the lens of the theoretical power you need .
It is his task to look for the one closer to the ideal measure .
To this purpose , it is better to have a focal length shorter than the room width rather than longer .
So , at least the objects close to the window could correctly focus on the wall .
In terms of diopters , a slightly more powerful lens is better than a less powerful one .
Ask the optician to reduce the lens diameter so that it can settle down precisely in the bottom of a 24x36 film container , as shown in figure 2 .
This work is commonly performed by opticians to fit lenses into eyeglass frames , therefore do not be afraid to ask that to the optician .
After this operation , make a case for your lens as that shown in figure 2 .
According to the type of window you have , you can mount the lens in different ways , some of which can be permanent , other temporary .
The mentioned below company produces lenses on demand .
You can order one or more lenses with the diameter and focal length you need .
As the price of one lens does n't differ greatly from that of more , buy a few of them in order to have them in reserve .
SILO SRL Via di Castelpulci 14/ D - Badia a Settimo 50018 Scandicci ( FI )
silo@silo.it - http://www.silo.it
Lenses and other optical items .
LENS ON A WINDOW
Usually , in USA , houses have windows glasses sliding along the vertical direction .
Outdoor light is attenuated by curtains and the room is not completely darkened .
In order to make our experiment , it is necessary apply to these windows an opaque roll shutter which entirely halt the light .
In fact , light must pass through the lens only .
To this purpose , the shutter has to be fully opaque , and it must slide along two lateral guides .
In commerce , you can find a shutter of this kind and you have only to saw it to the right width and then insert it in the window opening as shown in figure 3 .
If you do not find this type of shutter , you can buy an anti-mosquito roller web , and to replace the web with a black plasticized tissue , or a black plastic strong film .
After mounting the lens in its case , you have to insert it in the hole of the lens holder which you have to fasten to the window ( fig. 3 ) .
When you will have inserted the shutter on the window opening , you must open a hole in the tissue in order to allow light entering the room .
Take care to close every other light source , otherwise your faint image will lose contrast .
This method is easy to perform , and allows you readily open the window to aerate the bedroom during the day .
LENS ON A WOODEN BOARD
In some other countries , the houses are constructed with heavy rolling shutter already fitted onto the windows .
Usually , these shutters are made of wooden or plastic slats , which are hooked each other and slide along two lateral guides .
When these shutters are completely down , never a light ray is entering the room .
In this case , you can mount the lens in two manners : a temporary one and a permanent one .
The temporary solution involves mounting the case with the lens in a hole made in a wooden board .
Place the board on the window - sill and pull down the shutter as you can see in figure 4 .
Take care of not let light to filter among the slats .
As the board must be shorter than the windows width in order to be put in place , you have to close the remaining opening also .
LENS ON A ROLL SHUTTER
Permanent solution requires the authorization of your wife : a thing not easy to obtain !
The question is to make a hole in a slat in order to insert the case with the lens in it .
Figure 5 indicates how carry out this hole and fit the case in it .
The plastic slats have two walls , one inside , the other outside .
So , you have to make two coaxial holes of different diameter ( fig. 5 ) .
You can easily make the internal hole with an annular drill .
You can do the external hole with a circular path of little holes , removing the central part , and finishing with a half - round file .
When you finish working the hole , place some glue and insert the lens case into the slat .
I have been successful in obtaining from my wife the authorization of making the hole in my shutter , and I have been very glad of this solution .
From an aesthetical point of view , the work is not nasty to see and even my wife has not grumbled .
The shutter works as usually , carrying and rolling the lens without any problem .
The solid corner of the light yielded by the lens is near 180° .
This means that it will project the image on every wall of the room , floor and ceiling comprised .
The only wall excluded is that of the window .
Any way , the image will be distinct only on the wall opposite to the window .
The other walls will send reflected light which will lower the contrast of the principal image .
To get round this problem , at about 10 cm of distance from the lens , apply a mask with a rectangular hole .
In my case , as the glass of my window is at this distance , I have been able to mount this mask directly on it .
In doing so , I used an adhesive sheet of black plastic .
This mask is useful also to stop the light which otherwise would arrive on your eyes when you are sleeping .
CONCLUSION
Every morning , when I wake up , I see in my bedroom the panorama of the external world .
I know if there is the Sun , or if the sky is cloudy .
Not only , but I watch also people walking in the park and trees swaying in the wind .
To have the external world inside your room , even only as an image , will improve remarkably the sleep quality because you feel yourself in some way out of the room and that will give you a great sense of freedom .
As that fine song said : " The room has not more walls ... " .
I think that this experiment has also a therapeutic capability for many people who are depressed or who have sleeping problems .
However , pay attention when you are sleeping , because if the Moon disk should lie on your skin during a night of full Moon , you could be enraptured in a fantastic dream .
Send your opinion on the article
Citing what it said was an intercepted phone call , the interior ministry said the killing had been ordered by an " al - Qaeda leader " , Baitullah Mehsud .
The BBC 's security correspondent , Frank Gardner , says it is too early to establish the truth of what happened .
Ms Bhutto has been buried in her family tomb amid scenes of mass grieving .
Video of her last moments before the attack in Rawalpindi was shown at the news conference given in Islamabad by the interior ministry .
According to the ministry , the primary cause of Ms Bhutto 's death appears to have been a knock on her head as she tried to duck her attacker , and not bullets or shrapnel .
Her party denies this .
Pakistani security forces are on high alert , with at least 31 people killed in protests by Bhutto supporters across the country since the assassination .
Conflicting versions
Baitullah Mehsud is a tribal leader in Pakistan 's South Waziristan region .
Pakistani intelligence services intercepted a call from him in which he allegedly congratulated another militant after Ms Bhutto 's death , interior ministry spokesman Javed Iqbal Cheema told reporters .
There was , he added , " irrefutable evidence that al - Qaeda , its networks and cohorts were trying to destabilise Pakistan " .
There have now been so many conflicting versions coming out of Pakistan of how Benazir Bhutto died and who sent the assassin that it is hard for anyone to build up an accurate picture , our security correspondent says .
Both al - Qaeda and the Taleban are perfectly plausible culprits since they hated everything the secular Ms Bhutto stood for , he adds .
But critics of President Pervez Musharraf are unlikely to be convinced by his government 's insistence that it has proof al - Qaeda ordered the murder .
' Pack of lies '
Brig Cheema said Ms Bhutto had smashed her head against a lever of her car 's sun roof .
She was , he said , trying to shelter inside the car from the gunman , who set off a bomb after opening fire with a gun .
A surgeon who treated her , Dr Mussadiq Khan , said earlier she may have died from a shrapnel wound while Ms Bhutto 's security adviser , Rehman Malik , said she had been shot in the neck and chest .
Farooq Naik , a senior official in Ms Bhutto's Pakistan People 's Party , said the government 's explanation of her death was a " pack of lies " .
" Two bullets hit her , one in the abdomen and one in the head , " he told AFP news agency .
Brig Cheema added that all possible security arrangements had been put in place for Ms Bhutto .
Her supporters say the government did not do enough to protect her .
After a previous attempt on her life in October that killed 130 people , Ms Bhutto accused rogue elements of the Pakistani intelligence services of involvement .
Unrest
Ms Bhutto was buried next to her father Zulfikar Ali Bhutto in the family mausoleum near their home village , Garhi Khuda Bakhsh , in Sindh province , as thousands of mourners attended .
Rioters in Peshawar shouted slogans against President Musharraf
Many European and Asian countries have warned their citizens against travelling to Pakistan because of concern that the killing of Benazir Bhutto could provoke more violence .
Rioting and unrest have been reported across the country .
Six bodies were found among the remains of a factory set on fire in Karachi
At least one passenger train was set ablaze in Sindh Province and a number of railway stations were reportedly burnt as security forces in the province were ordered to shoot rioters on sight
In the city of Multan in Punjab province , a mob ransacked seven banks and torched a petrol station
Other cities across Pakistan are at a virtual standstill .
Schools , businesses and transport are all closed , and people are reluctant to step out during the three days of national mourning declared by Mr Musharraf .
In another development , a bomb attack on an election meeting of the pro-Musharraf Pakistan Muslim League in Swat , north - western Pakistan , killed at least nine people including a candidate on Friday .
Election questions
A spokesman for the President Musharraf has said it is too early to decide whether the parliamentary election on 8 January should be postponed .
BENAZIR BHUTTO
Father led Pakistan before being executed in 1979 Spent five years in prison Served as PM from 1988 - 1990 and 1993- 1996 Sacked twice by president on corruption charges Formed alliance with rival ex-PM Nawaz Sharif in 2006 Ended self - imposed exile by returning to Pakistan in October Educated at Harvard and Oxford
Obituary : Benazir Bhutto Life in pictures
Mohammad Mian Soomro , the caretaker prime minister , urged all political parties to talk to the government , so that a decision could be reached by consensus .
The election is meant to pave the way for a return to democratic rule , suspended in October 1999 when the then Gen Musharraf seized power through a coup .
But opposition parties are now against the election taking the place and it is hard to see how they it would be a true test of the democratic process , the BBC's Karishma Vaswani reports .
Ms Bhutto returned from eight years of self - imposed exile in October , following an amnesty agreed with President Musharraf .
Speaking in Washington , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice called for the democratic process in Pakistan to continue , without commenting on the January election date .
" The way to honour [ Benazir Bhutto's ] memory is to continue the democratic process in Pakistan so that the democracy that she so hoped for can emerge , " she said .
After learning how a bill becomes a law , your kids might also learn about the wonders of copyright , thanks to the MPAA .
The motion picture trade group has signed an agreement with the popular Weekly Reader publication for kids that will highlight " canine crime - fighting ambassadors Lucky and Flo . "
That 's right : DVD - sniffing dogs will educate children about the value of copyrights in a " fun and exciting way . "
Sounds like a blast .
But this sort of thing has become crucial to the MPAA .
Take a look at the group 's homepage ; nearly everything is about copyrights and piracy .
The MPAA routinely asserts that the movie business is being decimated by piracy , but the press release announcing the Weekly Reader deal sits just below a far more interesting piece of news ( PDF ) : data that shows the US box office doing its biggest year of business ever in 2007 , growing 5.4 percent over 2006 and bringing in $ 9.63 billion .
Message to kids : Even dogs can
respect copyright .
Why can't you ?
Piracy is so bad , according to the MPAA , that we need special legislation to target the dastardly college pirates who are destroying the business .
It 's so bad that Weekly Reader subscribers will learn about the $ 7 billion a year " lost " to Internet piracy .
It 's so bad that the MPAA wants ISPs to ignore years of common carrier law and the promises of " safe harbor " and start filtering their traffic , looking for copyright violations .
The real world is n't quite this simple , of course .
It turns out that the MPAA 's college numbers were off by a factor of three , a revelation that came after years of hiding the study 's methodology but continuing to lobby Congress with its numbers .
There 's no possible way that the MPAA can truly know what it " lost " to piracy , either , as it has no real idea what percentage of downloads would have resulted in sales .
And , with the notable exception of AT&T , no other major US ISP has publicly entertained the idea of filtering traffic .
Data source : MPAA
Certainly the MPAA has the right to fight illegal downloads of its material , and it certainly has the right to go after those making a profit by ripping off its DVDs .
But the rhetoric around " piracy " ( a term used far too broadly ) simply does n't fit with reality .
If piracy is killing the movie business , it 's doing so in exactly the same way that home taping killed the music business in the 1980s .
Swapping movies over the Internet was more of a niche practice back in 2001 as bandwidth constraints made it impractical for many .
Certainly it 's much simpler now , and advanced P2P protocols like BitTorrent ( combined with free trackers like The Pirate Bay ) make it relatively simple .
But the movie business did $ 9.63 billion at theaters alone in 2007 , a substantial increase over 2001's $ 8.13 billion .
US box office has also risen for the last two years , and international growth rates have been much higher and more constant .
DVD piracy and file - swapping pose problems for the industry , no doubt about it , but the entire issue deserves to have the rhetoric scaled back a bit .
As Dan Glickman , the MPAA boss , admitted , " Ultimately , we got our Hollywood ending .
Once again , diverse , quality films and the timeless allure of the movie house proved a winning combination with consumers around the world . "
So break out the champagne ( for the MPAA execs ) and the dog biscuits ( for Lucky & Flo ) ; home taping did n't kill the music business , and file - swapping is n't destroying theatrical revenue .
I do not have a new message here ; we have known for a long time that advance preparation and a strong balance sheet are the keys to riding out a financial storm .
As I have emphasized before , the Federal Reserve can deal with liquidity pressures but cannot deal with solvency issues .
~ William Poole , President , Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis ( February 29 , 2008 )
The Federal Reserve System announced a new program on March 11 .
The announcement was not quite gibberish , but it was close .
This much was clear : it is a $ 200 billion program .
The stock market bulls thought , “ Wow !
That ’s huge !
That will solve the problem ! ”
They did not read the details of the proposal .
The announcement was an implicit admission of a looming credit crisis of monumental proportions : an unprecedented write - down of bank assets .
Why ?
Because these assets , rated AAA by the big three ratings agencies , are nowhere near AAA .
Banks are facing new rules on financial reporting : mark to market , meaning the end of the book value ( face value ) game that they have played for decades .
This is the Financial Accounting Standards Board Rule 157 .
It goes into effect for banks this quarter , which ends on March 31 .
Bankers are going to have to report the truth or else face criminal penalties .
Why , they even might turn into Eliot Spitzer !
That ’s what happens when you play fun and games , as accountants have been allowed to do .
The solution ?
Sell these promises to pay at market prices .
This would have included the promises to pay issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the two mortgage - investing companies that account for 40 % of the American mortgage market , and which have accounted for at least 70 % of new mortgages written over the last six months .
That solution would have brought economic reality to the investment world ’s attention : the AAA ratings have been overly optimistic .
The FED rushed to the rescue .
It offered to auction off U.S. Treasury debt in its portfolio , which is always AAA - rated , in exchange for AAA - rated private debt .
This will allow banks to transfer to the FED questionable assets in exchange for assets that cannot be downgraded in today ’s markets : Treasury debt .
The FASB ’s Rule 157 does not apply to the FED .
It will not have to report a capital loss .
This program was seen by mutual fund managers as an increase in liquidity .
It was in fact a last - minute desperation move by the FED to stop a free - fall in the credit markets and possibly even a lock - up of the banking system .
If that is the meaning “ increased liquidity , ” fine .
But this was not how the FED or anyone in the media explained the new program .
For my explanation , click here .
The FED timed its announcement of this proposed “ temporary ” $ 200 billion asset swap just in time for the opening bell of the New York Stock Exchange on March 11 .
Sure enough , the Dow soared 416 points that day .
The next day , it fell by 46 points , after having climbed early in the morning by 150 points .
We have learned that a FED press release can goose the stock market for one day .
Then the market sinks .
Stock market optimists who have lost money all year want to believe that the FED can achieve the following with a new program :
1. Overcome the liquidity crisis2 .
Overcome the solvency crisis3 .
Overcome sinking residential real estate markets4 .
Avoid the imminent fall in the commercial real estate markets5 .
Restore bankers ’ confidence in other bankers6 .
Restore confidence in the credit rating services ’ credit rating services7 .
Reverse the dollar ’s slide8 .
Reverse the falling stock market
If the FED could do any of this , do n’t you think it would have done so by now ?
We have seen all of this unfold since last August .
The stock market recovered its July high by mid-October .
In fact , it was even a bit higher .
The optimists thought the FED was on top of things when it announced the new , “ temporary ” Term Auction Facility .
It also announced lower federal funds target rate .
Happy days were here again .
Then reality reasserted itself .
Down , down , down the market fell .
Take a look at the chart of the S&P 500 .
The optimists grab at straws .
FED programs are convenient straws .
A LOSS OF CONFIDENCE
We are seeing a broad - based loss of confidence in the American economy .
This is affecting just about everything : housing prices ( “ the great American dream ” ) , the stock market , the international currency market , the commodities market , the municipal bond market , and the banking system .
Only the T - bill market seems immune .
There has been a rush into T - bills , driving rates below 1.5 % .
This indicates looming panic in the other capital markets : a flight to safety .
This loss of confidence is forcing huge changes in America ’s capital markets .
We are seeing a move from confidence to doubt .
Such a move always has a price : an increased risk premium on loans .
The Friday before the FED ’s announcement , a media story appeared on a looming default by the Carlyle Capital Corporation , the legally separate mortgage investment entity of the giant Carlyle Group , whose investors include George H. W. Bush and the Bin Laden family .
Carlyle Capital Corp. could not meet margin calls .
The margin call was $ 400 million .
Understand , this was not the total value of the fund .
This was just the initial margin call .
On March 13 , the bad news came true .
The company could not meet these margin calls .
The price of the shares fell by 95 % in the Amsterdam market , where it is traded .
It announced that it had defaulted on $ 16.6 billion .
When some poor guy in a Fannie Mae - funded home leaves because he cannot make the monthly payment , this is called walking away .
When it is done by a corporation set up on the Channel island of Guernsey , it is not called walking away .
It is called going bankrupt .
In July , the fund had tapped the public for $ 300 million in capital .
In July , things were still rosy .
The Dow was at 14,000 .
That was then .
This is now .
“ If Carlyle ’s lenders want their money right away , they ’ll liquidate the fund , ” said Hank Calenti , a London - based analyst at RBC Capital Markets .
“ That will put pressure on already stressed credit markets . ”
It sure will !
“ At this point we are exploring all options ” for Carlyle Capital , Emma Thorpe , a spokeswoman for Carlyle Group in London , said in a telephone interview .
She declined to specify the options being considered .
I think what Ms. Thorpe meant was that she is sending out her résumé to everyone in her Rolodex .
But I could be wrong .
The organization at one point held $ 22 billion in mortgages issued by Fannie Mae .
Its debt to equity factor , according to the New York Times ( March 7 ) , was 32 to 1 .
This seems a tad high to me .
I guess I ’m old fashioned .
The Carlyle Capital Corporation was confident in its portfolio — confident enough to establish a 32 to 1 debt - to - equity ratio .
But why ?
Carlyle ’s fund has said its so - called agency debt has an “ implied guarantee ” from the U.S. government .
I believe the appropriate phrase here is this : “ There ’s a sucker born every minute . ” P. T. Barnum never said it , but it ’s true .
Some of them are ( or were ) rich .
There will be similar events .
Count on it .
“ This is not only a problem for Carlyle , ” Jochen Felsenheimer , the Munich - based head of credit strategy at UniCredit SpA , wrote in a note to clients today .
“ We expect a further flood of downgrades especially of higher - rated securities , putting enormous pressure on the system . ”
Now , we must get to the famous bottom line .
Carlyle Capital Corp. was not acting alone .
There were “ counterparties . ”
Carlyle ’s counterparties are a dozen Wall Street firms including Citigroup Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG , according to the fund ’s annual report .
The banks use repurchase agreements to lend money and require securities be put up as collateral .
As the perceived creditworthiness of asset - backed bonds declined , the amount of money that can be borrowed using them as collateral fell .
Who else ?
The New York Times ( March 7 ) listed these lenders : UBS , Merrill Lynch , Lehman Brothers , JPMorgan Chase , ING , Deutsche Bank , Credit Suisse , Citigroup , BNP Paribas , Bear Stearns , and Bank of America .
Do you begin to get the picture ?
This was why the FED announced its credit swap plan in March 11 .
The economists saw what is obviously coming .
“ Carlyle wo n’t be the end of it , ” said Greg Bundy , executive chairman of Sydney - based merger advisory firm InterFinancial Ltd. and a former head of Merrill Lynch & Co. ’s Australian unit .
“ There ’s more to come .
The problem is no one can give you an educated guess about how much . ”
If you go to the Carlyle Capital Corporation ’s website ( act now — this offer is limited ! ) , you will read the following : “ Quality diversified assets , steady current income . ” Diversified ?
Did they think that $ 22 billion of Fannie Mae debt was diversified ?
Then we read this :
Carlyle Capital Corporation Limited ( “ CCC ” ) is a closed - end investment fund domiciled and registered as a limited company under the laws of Guernsey , Channel Islands .
CCC invests in a diversified portfolio of fixed income assets including high - grade mortgages and credit products .
CCC ’s day - to - day activities and investment portfolio are managed by Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C. , whose investment professionals have extensive experience in the areas of mortgage finance , leveraged finance , capital markets .
These were clever people — too clever by half .
They are now overseers of a stricken company , which was incorporated so far away , so distant from lawsuits .
The best and the brightest put their money in this company , which was the financial equivalent of the Hindenburg .
In January , 2005 , William Poole , the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis , gave a speech on the GSE ’s : Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
He sounded a warning .
An understanding of the risks facing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac — which I will sometimes refer to as “ F - F ” to simplify the exposition — is important from two perspectives .
First , investors should be aware of these risks .
Although many investors assume that F- F obligations are effectively guaranteed by the U.S. Government , the fact is that the guarantee is implicit only .
I will not attempt to forecast what would happen should either firm face a solvency crisis , because I just do not know .
What I do know is that the issue is a political one , and political winds change in unpredictable ways .
A second reason to understand the risks is that sound public policy decisions depend on such understanding .
To reduce the potential for a financial crisis , risks need to be mitigated .
He ended with a strongly worded warning that the managers of Carlyle Capital Corp. did not take seriously enough .
One thing I think I know for sure is this :
An investor who ignores the risks faced by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under the assumption that a federal bailout is certain should there be a problem is making a mistake .
THIS WILL GET MUCH WORSE
We are in the early stages of a write - down of assets not seen since the Great Depression .
This is going to go into the history textbooks .
The man who predicted this most eloquently was Dr. Kurt Richebächer .
He died on August 24 , 2007 , two weeks after the events he had long predicted began .
He regarded the expansion of credit under Greenspan as laying the foundation of the worst post - World War II economic contraction .
He seemed like John the Baptist , crying in the wilderness .
He seems today more like Jeremiah , the author of Book of Lamentations .
These stories of busted investment companies will continue for the rest of 2008 and well into 2009 .
My fear is that the stories will get worse as time goes on .
Because the financial industry is at the center of this recession , the economy is at great risk .
It is one thing for manufacturing firms to go bust in a recession .
There are fewer of them these days inside the United States .
We are now seeing huge banks in trouble .
When they cease lending , the economy will topple .
Declining capital due to credit market defaults will cause banks to reduce lending .
They will not be operating on a 32 - to - 1 ratio .
Economic growth comes mainly from small companies that get big .
So does employment .
These are the companies that the capital markets generally ignore .
Local banks are their source of loans .
They will find that when local banks are in the middle of an international credit crisis , loans become very difficult to obtain .
I saw this in Texas in the S&L crisis , 1984 — 87 .
If this recession lasts only a year , I will be pleasantly surprised .
The recovery will be weak .
Why ?
Because this time confidence in the FED will be at rock bottom .
Confidence of the Federal government is already low .
Congress is impotent .
There will be a new President .
None of the candidates inspires confidence in people with money to invest .
CONCLUSION
We hear the phrase “ systemic crisis ” too often .
Systemic crises are real , but they rarely manifest themselves until after time has run out .
In the interim , nothing is done to correct them .
The FED is facing what appears to be the early phase of a systemic crisis .
The stock market has not reflected this yet .
It is slowly declining , with fits and starts .
It is not collapsing .
My suggestion is that you do not pay much attention to upward moves in response to new programs offered by the Federal Reserve System .
If it could do anything other than inflate the money supply , it would not be coming up with late - night emergency bailouts to be announced just before the opening bell of the New York Stock Exchange .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
Alexander Dymo
The Battle For Performance
Rails is slow .
Your rails application which does fairy simple database operations will be born slow and will eventually become slower and slower while still not doing anything fancy .
That 's like getting a new powerful locomotive ( on Rails ) together with a free bonus of overladen freight cars .
Having said that , I can virtually hear the herd of voices screaming " dude , optimize your own application and do n't blame Ruby and Rails for everything " .
Sure thing , our application is n't perfect and I do believe it can be optimized but you can't win the performance battle just by that .
The winning tactics for this battle is guerrilla tactics .
It turns out you can guerrilla - patch ( aka monkey - patch ) Ruby and Rails and easily get up to 3 x speedup in some cases .
We started doing that to our own application - Acunote and got amazing results so far .
Read on to find out how .
Ruby - Prof : The Guerrilla 's Weapon
Acunote , our pet rails application , often need to copy a bunch of ActiveRecord ( AR ) objects .
As any other project management tools , our application works with tasks organized into iterations ( sprints ) .
Sometimes you want to copy tasks from current iteration / sprint to the next iteration / sprint .
And boy , that copy can become really slow .
As an example , let 's look at the performance and profiling data of one request to copy 120 tasks .
Let 's measure 3 things :
the real time request takes in production environment ;
processing time profile information using the excellent ruby - prof profiler by Charlie Savage and Shugo Maeda ;
memory profile information gathered with patched ruby - prof ( I took Sylvain Joyeux 's memory allocations measurement mode patches and hacked together my own ruby - prof memory size measurement mode ) .
So , for " copy 120 " request we get :
Request time ( without profiler ) : 13.6 sec .
Time : Total : 16.78 % self total self wait child calls name 18.36 3.34 3.08 0.00 0.26 20766 Kernel#clone ... Allocated Memory Size ( in KB ) : Total : 1 001 730.00 % self total self wait child calls name 61.87 646795.00 619745.00 0.00 27049.00 20766 Kernel#clone ...
" WTF " politely describes my initial reaction when I first saw that .
How on earth we can spend 17 seconds and consume 1 Gigabyte of memory by just copying 120 ActiveRecord objects ?
Ok , ok , we not only copy them but store some more information to the database like task tags , copy events and so on .
Therefore we end up saving actually 360 AR objects instead of 120 .
Also the memory profiler is inaccurate and usually shows a bit more memory than the process actually takes .
Still , what is going on during those 17 seconds ?
Why do we need a gig of RAM ?
Gee , on the same machine I can compile the whole ruby interpreter in 57 seconds and the compiler will never take more than 130 M ...
Heh , let 's calm down and see what profiler says .
The obvious suspect is Kernel #clone method .
The ( stripped ) call tree for it as reported by ruby - prof is
Task #save ...
ActiveRecord ::Base#create_without_callbacks
ActiveRecord ::Base#attributes_with_quotes ActiveRecord :: Base #attributes ActiveRecord ::Base#clone_attributes ActiveRecord ::Base#clone_attribute_value Kernel#clone
From Charlie 's blog we know that AR : : Base : : attributes method is evil .
It clones attributes before returning them and Charlie gave a wise advice to not use it .
And indeed in your application is a good idea to call , for example , task [ ' foo ' ] instead of task .foo or task.attributes [ ' foo ' ] .
But here AR : : Base : : create itself does the evil thing .
Let me cite Rails code ( from rails/ activerecord/lib/activerecord/base.rb ) :
def update connection.update ( " UPDATE #{self.class.table_name} " + " SET # {quoted_comma_pair_list( connection , attributes_with_quotes( false ) ) } " + " WHERE #{self.class.primary_key} = #{quote_value ( id)} " , " #{self.class.name} Update " ) end
def create if self.id.nil ? && connection.prefetch_primary_key?( self.class.table_name ) self.id = connection.next_sequence_value(self.class.sequence_name ) end self.id = connection.insert ( " INSERT INTO #{self.class.table_name} " + " ( #{quoted_column_names.join ( ' , ' ) } ) " + " VALUES(#{attributes_with_quotes.values.join ( ' , ' ) } ) " , " #{self.class.name} Create " , self.class.primary_key , self.id , self.class.sequence_name ) @new_record = false id end
def quoted_column_names( attributes = attributes_with_quotes ) attributes.keys.collect do |column_name| self.class.connection.quote_column_name(column_name ) end end
def attributes_with_quotes(include_primary_key = true ) attributes.inject( {} ) do |quoted , ( name , value ) | if column = column_for_attribute ( name ) quoted [ name ] = quote_value ( value , column ) unless ! include_primary_key && column . primary end quoted end end
Great !
AR :: create clones all attributes twice ( first with quoted_column_names and then with attributes_with_quotes ) .
AR : : update is a nicer guy , it clones attributes only once .
For each of those 120 copied tasks we use AR : : create twice and AR : : update once .
Therefore we call clone_attributes not less than 12022+120 = 600 times .
Profiler says we lose 3 seconds and 650 M memory because of that :
ActiveRecord :: Base#clone_attributes : Time : 3.21 sec Memory : 650 301.00 K
Ok .
Time to employ our promised guerrilla tactics , but first let 's talk about memory .
Lyrical Digression : Why Do We Care About Memory ?
While guerrilla warriors take a nap before the battle , let 's digress and look at why we measure the size of allocated memory .
Sure thing , allocating literally tons of memory is bad .
But we 're using Ruby and Ruby has its own guerrilla warrior which strikes our application when it innocently eats its tasty memory .
The name of our enemy is " Ruby Garbage Collector " and the cunning enemy it is .
As ruby 's gc.c source says and Why the Lucky Stiff explains , ruby GC kicks in when you allocate more memory than is available on the heap and heap boundary is 8 M .
When we sequentially allocate 650 megabytes there 's a chance that GC will be called 650 / 8=81 times .
Each GC call accounts for approximately 70 - 80 ms which in our case should add roundabout 5 seconds to the running time .
Let 's do some math ...
Kernel #clone itself takes 3 seconds and we expect garbage collection to take 5 more seconds .
In total , 8 seconds are wasted because of cloning .
See the trend ?
The more memory we allocate the worse our performance is .
Here 's the morale : " watch your memory " .
Large memory consumption costs you more than you 'd otherwise think because of garbage collection .
Guerrilla patching AR :: create and AR:: update
Now it 's time to employ our guerrilla tactics and fix ActiveRecord .
It 's easy to rewrite attributes_with_quotes and avoid cloning the attributes :
module ActiveRecord class Base private def attributes_with_quotes ( include_primary_key = true ) result = {} @attributes .each_key do |name| if column = column_for_attribute( name ) result [ name ] = quote_value ( read_attribute ( name ) , column ) unless ! include_primary_key && column .
primary end end result end end end
Now let 's put that to environment.rb and see what we get :
Request time ( without profiler ) : 6.7 sec .
Time : Total : 9.5 % self total self wait child calls name 4.84 0.69 0.46 0.00 0.23 24023 ActiveRecord :: ConnectionAdapters:: Quoting#quote ... 2.22 0.52 0.18 0.00 0.34 2779 < Module :: Benchmark >#realtime ...
0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 6 Kernel#clone ... Allocated Memory Size ( in KB ) : Total : 350 966.00 % self total self wait child calls name 34.31 125655.00 120420.00 0.00 5235.00 2779 < Module :: Benchmark >#realtime ...
0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 6 Kernel#clone ...
Ok , much better : 650 megabytes of memory saved with that little monkey patch !
We estimated that will save 8 seconds .
Let 's look :
Original request time : 13.6 sec Request time after AR patch : 6.7 sec
Time saved : 6.9 sec
It turns out our estimation was almost correct .
We indeed saved not only the time taken by Kernel #clone but also the time spent by garbage collector and gained 2 x speedup for free .
Nice !
Our guerrilla tactics clearly works and we can for sure do better than 2x .
Guerrilla - patching Benchmark .
realtime
Next suspect , as seen from memory profile above , is Benchmark # realtime .
From time profiler the method does n't look bad .
We spend only 180 milliseconds in it but look at memory profiler !
It 180 ms our Benchmark # realtime friend allocates 120 megabytes of memory .
Guess what ?
Ruby garbage collector will be happy to kick our ass again at least 15 times and that estimates to about 1 second loss .
Let 's see what 's wrong in benchmark.rb :
def measure ( label = " " ) t0 , r0 = Benchmark.times , Time.now yield t1 , r1 = Benchmark.times , Time.now Benchmark :: Tms.new ( t1.utime - t0.utime , t1.stime - t0.stime , t1.cutime - t0.cutime , t1.cstime - t0.cstime , r1.to_f - r0.to_f , label ) end
def realtime ( &blk ) Benchmark : : measure ( &blk ) .real
end
Great , we calculate lots of useless information ( like cpu time , user time , etc ) in Benchmark # measure and then just throw it away .
Let 's do better , simpler and more memory efficient :
module Benchmark def realtime r0 = Time.now yield r1 = Time.now r1.to_f - r0.to_f end module_function : realtime end
That 's it .
No extra object creation .
And here 's our income :
Request time ( without profiler ) : 5.8 sec .
Time : Total : 8.63 % self total self wait child calls name 4.29 0.69 0.46 0.00 0.23 24023 ActiveRecord :: ConnectionAdapters :: Quoting#quote ... 0.35 0.19 0.03 0.00 0.16 2779 < Module :: Benchmark >#realtime ... Allocated Memory Size ( in KB ) : Total : 225 668.00 % self total self wait child calls name 43.78 98805.00 98805.00 0.00 0.00 5280 Kernel#binding 0.00 1918.00 2.00 0.00 1916.00 2779 < Module :: Benchmark >#realtime ...
Whoa !
120 megabytes and 1 second were saved with 9 - liner guerrilla patch .
Nice , is n't it ?
Instead of original 13.6 sec our request now runs in 5.8 sec .
That 's more than 2 x improvement already and we can do even better , but I 'll leave that for the next blog .
When Guerrilla Tactics Help
Nothing with Ruby and Rails is wrong until you do things in the loop .
For example , Benchmark # realtime does n't have any impact if all you do is save one AR object .
You just allocate 25 extra objects that take 45 extra kilobytes .
But you 're doomed once you do that in a loop .
Do the benchmark 200 times and you 'll guaranteed the garbage collector will happily shoot you in the back .
Also bear in mind that garbage collector should not be running while you profile your code .
With GC you 'll never get repeatable results because it will kick in at different times randomly increasing the time and memory consumption of your methods .
Make Your Application Fast : Optimize MEMORY
Let me reiterate , by optimizing memory usage instead of ( or in parallel with ) processing time you can get significant performance improvement , and guerrilla patching memory - inefficient bits is the right way to make Ruby and Rails faster I think we 're on the right track here .
Memory is what we need to optimize .
Memory is what was n't optimized before .
And you 've just seen what we can get by optimizing memory .
We ( Acunote devs ) will continue the memory profiling and will blog as soon as we get new results .
Our previous blog post briefly summarize our current results , be sure to read it if you have n't done that yet .
Meanwhile , do n't wait for us , grab ruby - prof , my memory profiler patches and dig by yourself ;)
I bet you 'll find more big memory eaters and when you do so , please drop us a note .
Let 's collect our guerrilla patches and then file them upstream .
Welcome
LuaTeX is an extended version of pdfTeX using Lua as an embedded scripting language .
The LuaTeX project 's main objective is to provide an open and configurable variant of TeX while at the same time offering downward compatibility .
From the user perspective we have pdfTeX as stable and more or less frozen 8 bit engine , XeTeX as unicode input and font aware engine using libraries for font handling , and LuaTeX as engine that is programmable and delegates as much as possible to Lua , with the objective to keep the core engine lean and mean .
Each engine has its benefits and drawbacks ( more details here ) .
At the TUG 2007 conference in San Diego , the first public beta of LuaTeX was presented .
Most of that day was dedicated to the project , its outcomes and its objectives ( this project is partly driven by the oriental TeX project ) .
Although intermediate version could be used for production the first stable release happened at the 10th ConTeXt meeting in 2016 in the Netherlands .
There are three closely related projects ( see download for svn details ) :
The first two projects result in a collection of OpenType fonts that can be used in LuaTeX and XeTeX .
The third project results in a MetaPost library ( to be used in LuaTeX ) and a version of MetaPost ( written in C ) that can handle larger quantities and fulfills some long standing wishes of the MetaPost development team .
All these projects report on a regular basis in ( local ) TeX usergroup journals and at TeX related conferences .
Normally the most recent information can be acquired in the ConTeXt universe : mailing lists , source code , status documents and manuals .
On TeXlive 2016 you can find the stable release 0.90 .
In September 2016 we released version 1.00 which will be on TeXlive 2017 .
You can fetch the latest binaries for quite some platforms from The ConTeXt Garden or compile them from source yourself .
She was a disciplined candidate atop a polished campaign , but Sen .
Hillary Rodham Clinton is now mired in the most serious crisis of her 11 - month bid for the White House , as a rolling series of missteps threatens to topple her as the Democratic front - runner .
The large crowds that once came to see her have thinned .
Trusted campaign surrogates have veered wildly off message .
And a campaign operation that had built seemingly impregnable leads over the summer appears to be faltering , prompting former President Clinton to amp up his role as a public spokesman and campaign advisor .
Clinton ’s chief rival , Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois , has wiped out her lead in the crucial early states of Iowa and New Hampshire , according to some polls .
Should she lose those contests , gone would be the notion that she is the party ’s inevitable nominee -- one basis of her appeal as a candidate .
Former Democratic Sen. Bob Kerrey of Nebraska plans to publicly endorse Clinton next week .
But , he says , the momentum may belong to Obama .
Kerrey spoke about the “ phenomenal pride ” black voters felt when Obama made joint appearances last weekend with media titan Oprah Winfrey .
Advertisement
Obama , Kerrey said in an interview , has “ either peaked , or he is on a trend line that is going to make him the nominee of the party . ”
In Hillaryland , as her team calls itself , the message is that there is no cause for worry .
“ Politics now is a 24/7 cycle .
You go up , you go down , ” Clinton told reporters in Iowa on Friday .
“ I think that ’s all part of a vigorous , dynamic election cycle . ”
Her campaign began airing a 30 - second television spot Friday in Iowa and New Hampshire that showcases Clinton ’s daughter , Chelsea , and her 88 - year - old mother , Dorothy Rodham , an effort to strengthen her connection to female voters .
A Des Moines Register poll published this month showed that Obama was doing better than Clinton among women likely to vote in the Jan. 3 caucuses .
Advertisement
Also Friday , Clinton ’s husband sent out a fundraising letter that sought to debunk perceptions that the New York senator would not be a catalyst for real change if she were to win the White House .
More and more , her message is being overwhelmed by unforeseen events .
On Thursday morning , she had to apologize to Obama on the tarmac of Reagan National Airport as they were leaving for a Democratic debate .
At issue were the remarks of a New Hampshire campaign advisor , Bill Shaheen , who made public his concerns about Obama ’s drug use in his youth .
Shaheen quit the Clinton campaign later in the day .
The episode followed two instances of volunteer aides to the Clinton campaign forwarding e-mails that falsely claimed Obama was a Muslim , possibly intent on destroying the United States .
Both of the aides resigned .
Advertisement
Just as confounding to some was Clinton ’s own attack on Obama ’s character .
As recently as last month , she had said at a dinner for Democratic activists in Des Moines that she was “ not interested in attacking ” her opponents .
On Dec. 2 , she stood before reporters in Cedar Rapids and did just that .
She accused Obama of hypocrisy by preaching ethics and then “ skirting ” campaign finance rules in the way he doles out funds .
Her campaign released a statement the same day that was instantly mocked .
Eager to rebut Obama ’s assertion that the presidency had not been a consuming ambition in his life , the Clinton campaign cited , among other things , an essay he had written in kindergarten titled , “ I Want to Become President . ”
The ploy boomeranged .
Embarrassed by pointing to an opponent ’s childhood writing , the Clinton campaign said it had been joking .
But the news release was still on her website , with nothing to indicate that the reference was not serious .
Advertisement
For much of the campaign , Clinton delivered a positive message that seemed to be resonating .
Trouble began with her subpar performance at an Oct. 30 debate in Philadelphia , when she waffled on several questions -- among them whether she favored driver ’s licenses for illegal immigrants .
Her rivals , sensing an opening , became more aggressive .
Clinton soon came to believe she needed to strike back , but she has struggled to find the right tone .
Not only has Obama weathered the attacks , he is using them to raise money .
In a solicitation letter Thursday , his campaign manager asked for $ 25 donations , writing : “ The only way to stop these kinds of tired , desperate attacks is to demonstrate very clearly that they have a real cost to Sen. Clinton ’s campaign . ”
Robert B. Reich , a Cabinet member in President Clinton ’s administration who has not endorsed a candidate , said it was a mistake for her to swipe at rivals : “ It ’s a very risky strategy for her .
I wish it were n’t the case that in addition to everything else , women candidates -- like women in society generally -- are judged more harshly than men when they go on the attack .
And I think she has to deal with that burden , as well as the burden of her own history with regard to being characterized as a polarizing figure . ”
Advertisement
With the race tightening , former President Clinton reentered the picture last week , determined to address an issue that seems to have dogged his wife from the beginning .
Surveys confirm that voters believe the country is headed in the wrong direction , a call for change that plays to Obama ’s strength .
Hillary Clinton rates higher in polls when it comes to experience , but polling has shown that more voters in Iowa would prefer a candidate who can set the country on a new path .
President Clinton ’s mission in a series of campaign stops Monday in Iowa was nothing short of redefining his wife in the minds of voters .
Seven times in the course of a speech at Iowa State University , he called her a “ change agent . ”
Popular as he is among Democrats , the former president has created a separate problem .
On the campaign trail , he likes talking about himself .
The Iowa State stop was no exception .
He touted his wife , but also gushed about his plans to help create “ thousands of new jobs ” in New York City by retrofitting public housing .
Advertisement
Last month , he said on a campaign stop in Iowa that he was against the unpopular Iraq war from the beginning .
That touched off a public debate about whether the statement was true , a needless distraction for his wife ’s campaign .
He is a magnet for crowds , though -- something the campaign can use .
At a Des Moines high school visit Dec. 7 , as Obama was preparing for his high - profile appearance with Winfrey , Sen. Clinton introduced an important woman in her own life : her mother .
But the crowd was thin .
Before the event began , aides were seen removing metal folding chairs from the school cafeteria so that the cameras would not pan a row of empty seats .
Advertisement
A group of young people stood on an elevated ramp near the stage , holding up Clinton signs and helping create good TV images for the campaign .
But many were not from Iowa .
They were part of a high school group that had come from Chicago to see the candidates .
Dallas Wright , an 18 - year - old senior , said after the Clinton event that he was inclined to vote for former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina .
Of Clinton , he said : “ I think if she were to win the nomination , she ’d have my vote . ”
--
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
White House 2008 : General Election Trial Heats
See also : Candidate ratings | ' 08 campaign | ' 04 trial heats | '00 trial heats STATE POLLS are in our subscriber area .
INFO
See also : Daily TRACKING polls • FULL trial heat trend and poll details PollingReport.com
Presidential Trial Heat Summary .
Where available , based on likely voters and two - way ( vs. multi- candidate ) match - ups . .
McCain Obama Margin % % McCain Obama Marist 11/3 43 52 9 American Research Group 11/3 45 53 8 Marist 11/2 44 53 9 FOX / Opinion Dynamics 11/2 43 50 7 NBC / Wall Street Journal 11/2 43 51 8 CBS 11/2 42 51 9 Democracy Corps ( D ) 11/2 44 51 7 Ipsos / McClatchy
11/2 42 50 8 CBS
11/1 41 54 13 CNN / Opinion Research 11/1 46 53 7 Pew 11/1 42 49 7 CBS
10/31 41 54 13 CBS
10/30 41 52 11 Marist 10/29 43 50 7 FOX / Opinion Dynamics
10/28-29 44 47 3 CBS / New York Times
10/25-29 40 51 11 American Research Group 10/25-27 45 50 5 Ipsos / McClatchy
10/23-27 45 50 5 Diageo / Hotline 10/23-26 42 49 7 Pew 10/23-26 38 53 15 Newsweek 10/22-23 41 53 12 Democracy Corps ( D ) 10/21-23 43 52 9 Big Ten Battleground
10/19-22 43 52 9 CBS / New York Times
10/19-22 39 52 13 FOX / Opinion Dynamics
10/20-21 40 49 9 American Research Group 10/18-20 45 49 4 NBC / Wall Street Journal
10/17-20 42 53 11 AP - GfK 10/16-20 43 44 1 Ipsos / McClatchy
10/16-20 42 50 8 CNN / Opinion Research 10/17-19 46 51 5 Pew 10/16-19 39 53 14 Democracy Corps ( D ) 10/15-19 44 49 5 Franklin & Marshall 10/13-19 45 50 5 American Research Group 10/11-13 45 50 5 CBS / New York Times
10/10-13 39 53 14 LAT / Bloomberg
10/10-13 41 50 9 Ipsos / McClatchy
10/9-13 42 51 9 USA Today / Gallup - expanded
10/10-12 45 52 7 USA Today / Gallup - traditional
10/10-12 46 50 4 Pew 10/9-12 42 49 7 Democracy Corps ( D ) 10/8-12 40 50 10 ABC / Washington Post 10/8-11 43 53 10 FOX / Opinion Dynamics
10/8-9 39 46 7 Newsweek 10/8-9 41 52 11 American Research Group 10/4-6 45 49 4 Time 10/3-6 44 50 6 Ipsos / McClatchy
10/2-6 40 47 7 NBC / Wall Street Journal 10/4-5 43 49 6 CBS 10/3-5 45 48 3 CNN / Opinion Research 10/3 -5 45 53 8 Democracy Corps ( D ) 10/1-5 45 48 3 Democracy Corps ( D ) 9/28-30 45 49 4 Marist College 9/28-30 44 49 5 AP - GfK 9/27-30 41 48 7 CBS 9/27-30 41 50 9 ABC / Washington Post 9/27-29 46 50 4 American Research Group 9/27-29 45 49 4 Pew 9/27-29 43 49 6 Ipsos / McClatchy 9/26-29 42 46 4 Time 9/26-29 43 50 7 Democracy Corps ( D ) 9/22-24 44 47 3 CBS / New York Times 9/21-24 43 48 5 FOX / Opinion Dynamics 9/22-23 39 45 6 Marist College 9/22-23 44 49 5 American Research Group 9/20 -22 46 48 2 ABC / Washington Post 9/19 -22 43 52 9 LAT / Bloomberg 9/19-22 45 49 4 NBC / Wall Street Journal 9/19 -22 46 48 2 Ipsos / McClatchy 9/18-22 43 44 1 CNN / Opinion Research 9/19-21 47 51 4 Franklin & Marshall 9/15-21 45 43 2 Big Ten Battleground 9/14-17 45 46 1 CBS / New York Times 9/12-16 44 49 5 Quinnipiac 9/11-16 45 49 4 American Research Group 9/13-15 48 45 3 Ipsos / McClatchy 9/11-15 45 45 ABC / USA Today / CU 9/11-14 45 47 2 Pew 9/9-14 46 46 Reuters / Zogby 9/11-13 45 47 2 Newsweek 9/10-11 46 46 GWU Battleground 8/7-11 48 44 4 Democracy Corps ( D ) 9/8-10 48 46 2 AP - GfK 9/5-10 48 44 4 FOX / Opinion Dynamics 9/8-9 45 42 3 Ipsos / McClatchy 9/5-9 46 45 1 American Research Group 9/6-8 46 47 1 NBC / Wall Street Journal 9/6-8 46 47 1 ABC / Washington Post 9/5-7 49 47 2 CNN / Opinion Research 9/5-7 48 48 USA Today / Gallup 9/5-7 54 44 10 IBD / TIPP 9/2-7 40 45 5 CBS
News 9/1-3 42 42 Democracy Corps ( D ) 9/1-3 44 49 5 American Research Group 8/30 - 9/1 43 49 6 USA Today / Gallup 8/30-31 43 50 7 CBS News 8/29-31 40 48 8 CNN / Opinion Research 8/29-31 48 49 1 Diageo / Hotline 8/29-31 39 48 9 CNN / Opinion Research 8/23-24 47 47 Diageo / Hotline
8/18-24 40 44 4 USA Today / Gallup 8/21-23 45 48 3 ABC / Washington Post 8/19-22 45 49 4 FOX / Opinion Dynamics
8/19-20 39 42 3 CBS / New York Times 8/15-19 42 45 3 LAT / Bloomberg 8/15-18 43 45 2 NBC / Wall Street Journal 8/15-18 42 45 3 Quinnipiac 8/12-17 42 47 5 Reuters / Zogby 8/14-16 46 41 5 GWU Battleground
8/10 -14 47 46 1 Pew 7/31 - 8/10 43 46 3 IBD / TIPP 8/4-9 38 43 5 CBS / New York Times 7/31 - 8/5 39 45 6 AP / Ipsos 7/31 - 8/4 41 47 6 Time 7/31 - 8/4 41 46 5 CNN / Opinion Research 7/27-29 44 51 7 USA Today / Gallup 7/25-27 49 45 4 Pew 7/23-27 42 47 5 FOX / Opinion Dynamics 7/22-23 40 41 1 NBC / Wall Street Journal 7/18-21 41 47 6 CBS / New York Times 7/7-14 39 45 6 ABC / Washington Post 7/10 -13 46 49 3 Reuters / Zogby 7/9-13 40 47 7 Quinnipiac 7/8-13 41 50 9 IBD / TIPP 7/7-11 37 40 3 Newsweek 7/9-10 41 44 3
TRACKING POLLS
ABC / Washington Post • Gallup • Diageo / Hotline • GWU Battleground • IBD / TIPP • Reuters /C-SPAN / Zogby
ABC News / Washington
Post tracking poll .
N=1,300 - 2,500 likely voters nationwide . .
" If the 2008 presidential election were being held today and the candidates were Barack Obama and Joe Biden , the Democrats , and John McCain and Sarah Palin , the Republicans , for whom would you vote ? "
If already voted : " For whom did you vote ? " Options rotated .
Results include leaners . .
McCain Obama Other ( vol . ) Neither ( vol . ) Unsure % % % % % 10/31 - 11/3/08 44 53 .
10/30 - 11/2/08 44 53 1 1 1 10/29 - 11/1/08 43 54 1 1 1 10/28-31/08 44 53 1 1 2 10/27-30/08 44 53 1 1 2 10/26-29/08 44 52 1 1 2 10/25-28/08 44 52 1 1 3 10/24-27/08 45 52 1 1 2 10/23-26/08 45 52 - 1 2 10/22-25/08 45 52 - 1 2 10/21-24/08 44 53 1 1 2 10/20-23/08 44 53 - 1 2 10/19-22/08 43 54 1 1 2 10/18-21/08 43 54 1 1 1 10/17-20/08 44 53 1 1 2 10/16-19/08 44 53 1 1 2 Gallup
Poll daily tracking .
Three - day rolling average .
N=2,600 - 2,800 registered voters nationwide .
MoE ± 2 . Per Gallup : " Gallup is providing two likely voter estimates to take into account different turnout scenarios .
The first likely voter model is based on Gallup 's traditional likely voter assumptions , which determine respondents ' likelihood to vote based on how they answer questions about their current voting intention and past voting behavior .
. . .
The second likely voter estimate is a variation on the traditional model , but is only based on respondents ' current voting intention .
This model would take into account increased voter registration this year and possibly higher turnout among groups that are traditionally less likely to vote , such as young adults and racial minorities . " .
" Now , suppose that the presidential election were being held today , and it included Barack Obama and Joe Biden as the Democratic candidates and John McCain and Sarah Palin as the Republican candidates .
Would you vote for Barack Obama and Joe Biden , the Democrats , or John McCain and Sarah Palin , the Republicans ? "
If unsure : " As of today , do you lean more toward Obama and Biden , the Democrats , or McCain and Palin , the Republicans ? "
Options rotated .
McCain Obama Other ( vol . ) Neither ( vol . ) Unsure End date % % % % % .
VOTE PROJECTION , with undecideds allocated : . .
11/2/08 44 55 . .
Among likely voters -- expanded model ( current voting intention only ) : .
11/2/08 42 53 1 1 3 11/1/08 43 52 1 1 4 10/31/08 42 52 1 1 4 10/30/08 43 52 - 1 3 10/29/08 44 51 - 1 3 10/28/08 44 51 1 1 3 10/27/08 44 51 1 1 3 10/26/08 43 53 1 1 3 10/25/08 43 52 1 1 4 10/24/08 43 51 1 1 4 10/23/08 44 51 1 1 4 10/22/08 45 51 - 1 4 10/21/08 44 52 - 1 4 10/20/08 42 52 - 1 4 10/19/08 43 52 1 1 4 10/18/08 44 51 - 1 3 10/17/08 46 50 - 1 2 10/16/08 45 51 - 1 3 10/15/08 45 51 1 1 3 10/14/08 44 52 1 1 3 10/13/08 43 53 1 1 3 10/12/08 43 53 - 1 3 10/11/08 45 51 - 1 3 .
Among likely voters -- traditional model ( current voting intention and past voting behavior ) : .
11/2/08 42 53 1 1 3 11/1/08 43 51 1 1 4 10/31/08 42 52 1 1 4 10/30/08 43 51 - 1 5 10/29/08 45 50 - 1 4 10/28/08 46 49 1 1 3 10/27/08 47 49 1 1 3 10/26/08 45 50 1 1 3 10/25/08 45 50 1 1 3 10/24/08 44 51 1 1 3 10/23/08 45 50 1 1 3 10/22/08 46 50 - 1 4 10/21/08 45 50 - 1 4 10/20/08 44 51 - 1 4 10/19/08 45 50 - 1 4 10/18/08 46 49 - 1 4 10/17/08 47 49 - 1 2 10/16/08 47 49 - 1 3 10/15/08 47 49 1 1 3 10/14/08 46 49 1 1 3 10/13/08 45 51 1 1 3 10/12/08 44 51 - 1 3 10/11/08 46 50 - 1 3 .
Among registered voters : .
11/2/08 40 53 1 2 4 11/1/08 41 52 1 2 5 10/31/08 41 52 1 2 5 10/30/08 41 52 - 2 5 10/29/08 42 50 - 2 5 10/28/08 42 51 1 2 5 10/27/08 43 50 1 2 4 10/26/08 42 52 1 2 3 10/25/08 42 51 1 2 4 10/24/08 42 51 1 2 4 10/23/08 42 50 1 2 5 10/22/08 43 50 1 2 5 10/21/08 42 51 - 2 6 10/20/08 41 52 - 2 5 10/19/08 41 52 1 2 4 10/18/08 42 52 1 2 4 10/17/08 42 50 1 2 5 10/16/08 43 50 - 2 5 10/15/08 43 49 1 2 6 10/14/08 43 50 1 2 5 10/13/08 42 51 1 3 4 10/12/08 41 51 - 2 5 10/11/08 43 50 - 3 5 10/10/08 42 51 1 2 4 10/9/08 41 51 1 3 4 10/8/08 41 52 1 2 5 10/7/08 41 52 1 2 5 10/6/08 42 51 - 2 5 10/5/08 42 50 - 3 4 10/4/08 43 50 - 3 5 10/3/08 42 50 - 3 5 10/2/08 42 49 - 3 5 10/1/08 43 48 - 3 6 9/30/08 44 48 - 3 5 9/29/08 43 49 - 2 5 9/28/08 42 50 1 3 5 9/27/08 42 50 1 2 5 9/26/08 44 49 1 2 5 9/25/08 45 48 1 2 4 9/24/08 46 46 1 3 4 9/23/08 44 47 1 3 5 9/22/08 44 47 - 3 5 9/21/08 44 48 - 2 5 9/20/08 45 49 - 2 4 9/19/08 44 50 1 2 4 9/18/08 44 49 - 3 4 9/17/08 44 48 1 4 4 9/16/08 45 47 - 4 4 9/15/08 47 46 - 3 4 9/14/08 47 45 - 3 5 9/13/08 47 45 1 2 5 9/12/08 47 45 1 2 5 9/11/08 48 45 1 2 5 9/10/08 48 44 1 2 5 9/9/08 48 43 1 2 6 9/8/08 49 44 1 2 4 9/7/08 49 44 - 2 4 9/6/08 48 45 - 2 4 9/5/08 45 47 1 2 5 9/4/08 44 48 1 2 6 9/3/08 42 49 1 3 6 9/2/08 43 49 - 3 5 9/1/08 42 50 - 3 5 8/31/08 43 49 - 3 5 8/30/08 42 48 - 4 6 8/29/08 41 49 1 4 5 8/28/08 41 49 1 4 5 8/27/08 42 48 1 4 5 8/26/08 44 45 1 4 5 8/25/08 46 44 1 4 5 8/24/08 45 45 1 4 6 8/23/08 45 45 1 4 5 8/22/08 44 46 1 4 6 8/21/08 44 45 1 4 6 8/20/08 44 45 2 4 5 8/19/08 43 45 2 5 6 8/18/08 44 45 1 5 6 8/17/08 43 46 1 4 6 8/16/08 45 45 1 4 5 8/15/08 44 45 1 5 6 8/14/08 44 44 1 5 6 8/13/08 43 46 1 5 6 8/12/08 42 48 1 4 5 8/11/08 42 47 1 4 6 8/10/08 42 47 1 5 6 8/9/08 43 46 1 4 6 8/8/08 42 47 1 4 6 8/7/08 43 46 1 5 6 8/6/08 43 46 1 5 6 8/5/08 44 46 1 5 5 8/4/08 43 47 1 4 6 8/3/08 43 46 1 4 6 8/2/08 44 45 1 5 6 8/1/08 44 44 2 5 5 7/31/08 44 44 2 5 6 7/30/08 44 45 1 5 7 7/29/08 42 46 1 5 7 7/28/08 41 47 1 5 6 7/27/08 40 48 1 5 5 7/26/08 40 49 1 5 4 7/25/08 41 48 1 5 6 7/24/08 41 47 1 4 7 7/23/08 43 45 1 5 7 7/22/08 42 46 1 5 6 7/21/08 42 45 1 6 6 7/20/08 41 47 1 6 6 7/19/08 42 45 1 6 5 7/18/08 43 45 1 5 5 7/17/08 44 45 1 4 6 7/16/08 44 46 1 4 5 7/15/08 44 47 1 4 5 7/14/08 43 47 1 4 5 7/13/08 43 46 1 4 6 7/12/08 43 46 1 4 6 7/11/08 43 47 1 4 6 7/10/08 42 48 1 4 5 7/9/08 43 46 1 4 6 7/8/08 44 46 1 4 6 7/7/08 44 46 1 3 6 7/6/08 43 47 1 4 6 7/5/08 42 48 1 4 6 7/3/08 42 47 1 4 6 7/2/08 43 47 1 5 5 7/1/08 44 46 1 4 6 6/30/08 42 47 1 4 6 6/29/08 42 47 1 4 6 6/28/08 42 46 1 6 6 6/26/08 44 44 1 6 5 6/25/08 44 44 1 5 6 6/24/08 45 45 1 4 5 6/23/08 43 46 1 4 6 6/22/08 43 46 1 4 5 6/21/08 44 46 1 4 6 6/20/08 44 46 1 4 6 6/19/08 44 46 1 4 5 6/17/08 42 47 1 4 6 6/16/08 42 46 1 6 5 6/15/08 42 46 1 6 6 6/14/08 42 44 1 7 7 6/13/08 42 45 1 6 7 6/12/08 43 46 1 6 4 6/10/08 42 48 1 5 4 6/9/08 41 48 1 5 5 6/8/08 42 48 1 5 5 . Based on a five - day rolling average ; N=approx .
4,400 registered voters nationwide ; MoE ± 2 : 6/7/08 44 46 1 4 5 6/6/08 45 46 1 4 4 6/5/08 45 46 1 5 4 6/4/08 46 45 1 5 4 6/3/08 46 45 1 5 4 6/2/08 46 45 1 5 4 6/1/08 46 46 1 4 3 5/31/08 45 46 1 5 4 5/29/08 45 46 1 5 4 5/28/08 45 46 1 5 3 5/27/08 46 45 1 5 3 5/25/08 47 44 1 5 4 5/24/08 47 45 1 5 3 5/23/08 46 45 1 4 4 5/22/08 46 46 1 5 4 5/21/08 44 47 1 4 3 5/20/08 44 47 1 4 4 5/19/08 44 47 1 4 4 5/18/08 45 46 1 4 4 5/17/08 46 45 1 4 4 5/16/08 47 44 1 4 4 5/15/08 47 45 1 4 4 5/14/08 45 45 1 4 4 5/13/08 45 46 1 5 4 5/12/08 44 47 1 5 4 5/11/08 43 47 1 4 4 5/10/08 44 47 1 5 4 5/9/08 45 46 1 5 4 5/8/08 45 46 1 4 4 5/7/08 45 46 1 5 4 5/6/08 45 46 1 5 4 5/5/08 46 45 1 5 4 5/4/08 47 43 1 5 4 5/3/08 47 42 1 5 4 5/2/08 48 42 1 5 5 5/1/08 48 42 1 5 5 4/30/08 47 43 1 5 4 4/29/08 46 44 1 4 4 4/28/08 46 44 1 4 4 4/27/08 45 45 1 5 4 4/26/08 45 45 1 5 4 4/25/08 45 45 1 5 4 4/24/08 46 45 1 5 4 4/23/08 45 45 1 5 4 4/22/08 46 45 1 4 4 4/21/08 45 45 1 4 5 4/20/08 45 45 1 5 5 4/19/08 45 45 1 5 5 4/18/08 44 45 1 5 4 4/17/08 44 45 1 5 4 4/16/08 44 46 1 5 4 4/15/08 43 46 1 5 4 4/14/08 44 46 1 5 4 4/13/08 44 46 1 5 5 4/12/08 43 46 1 5 5 4/11/08 43 46 1 5 5 4/10/08 43 46 1 5 5 4/9/08 44 45 1 5 5 4/8/08 44 46 1 5 5 4/7/08 44 45 1 5 4 4/6/08 45 45 1 5 4 4/5/08 45 45 1 5 4 4/4/08 45 45 1 5 4 4/3/08 46 45 1 5 4 4/2/08 46 45 1 4 5 4/1/08 46 44 1 4 4 3/31/08 46 44 1 4 4 3/30/08 46 45 1 5 4 3/29/08 47 44 1 5 4 3/28/08 46 44 1 5 4 3/27/08 46 44 1 5 5 3/26/08 45 44 1 5 5 3/25/08 46 44 1 5 5 3/24/08 45 44 1 5 5 3/22/08 47 44 1 5 4 3/21/08 46 44 1 4 4 3/20/08 47 44 1 4 4 3/19/08 47 43 1 4 4 3/18/08 47 43 1 4 5 3/17/08 46 44 1 4 5 3/16/08 46 44 1 4 5 3/15/08 47 44 1 4 4 3/14/08 45 45 1 4 4 3/13/08 45 45 1 4 4 3/12/08 44 46 1 5 4 3/11/08 44 46 1 5 4 Diageo / Hotline Daily Tracker Poll conducted by FD .
Three - day rolling average .
N=approx . 800 likely voters nationwide .
MoE ± 3.5 . .
" Now , suppose that the presidential election were being held today , and it included John McCain and Sarah Palin as the Republican candidates , and Barack Obama and Joe Biden as the Democratic candidates .
Would you vote for McCain and Palin , the Republicans , or Obama and Biden , the Democrats ? "
If unsure / refused : " Which way would you lean as of today ? "
Options rotated .
McCain Obama
End date % % .
11/2/08 * 45 50 11/1/08 * 45 50 10/31/08 * 44 51 .
10/30/08 41 48 10/29/08 42 48 10/28/08 42 49
10/27/08 42 50
10/26/08 42 50
10/25/08 42 50
10/24/08 43 50 10/23/08 43 50 10/22/08 43 48 10/21/08 42 47
10/20/08 41 47 10/19/08 42 47
10/18/08 41 48 10/17/08 42 49
10/16/08 40 50
10/15/08 41 49
10/14/08 41 49
10/13/08 42 48
10/12/08 42 48
10/11/08 41 49 10/10/08 40 50 .
Among registered voters ; N=approx .
900 ; MoE ± 3.3 : .
10/9/08 41 48
10/8/08 41 47
10/7/08 44 45
10/6/08 44 46
10/5/08 41 47
10/4/08 41 48 10/3/08 41 48 10/2/08 42 48
10/1/08 42 47 9/30/08 42 47 9/29/08 41 47 9/28/08 42 47 9/27/08 42 47 9/26/08 43 48 9/25/08 42 49 9/24/08 43 47 9/23/08 42 48 9/22/08 43 47 9/21/08 42 47 9/20/08 44 45 9/19/08 44 45 9/18/08 44 45 9/17/08 42 46 9/16/08 42 45 9/15/08 42 46 9/14/08 43 44 9/13/08 43 45 9/12/08 45 44 9/11/08 44 45 9/10/08 46 44 9/9/08 45 45 9/8/08 45 44 9/7/08 44 44 9/4/08 40 46 . * Per Diageo / Hotline : " Based on an analysis of responses to questions on candidates ' images , partisan identification and demographics , ' Refused ' responses in the head - to - head question were assigned either to Obama , McCain or Undecided . "
George Washington University Battleground Poll conducted by the Tarrance Group ( R ) and Lake Research Partners ( D ) . N=800 - 1,000 likely voters nationwide . .
McCain /
Palin Obama /
Biden Barr Nader % % % % VOTE PROJECTIONS , with undecideds allocated : .
Ed Goeas ( R ) 48.3 50.2 0.9 0.6 Celinda Lake ( D ) 46.5 51.5 1 1 . General Election Trial Heat :
2 - way ballot , with Barr and Nader voters redistributed .
McCain /
Palin Obama /
Biden Unsure % % %
11/2-3/08 44 49 7 10/29-30 , 11/2 44 50 6 10/27-30 45 49 6 10/23 , 26-29 46 49 6 10/22-23 , 26-28 46 49 5 10/21-23 , 26-27 46 49 5 10/20-23 , 26 46 49 6 10/19-23 46 49 6 10/16 , 19-22 45 49 5 10/15-16 , 19-21 47 49 5 10/14-16 , 19-20 47 48 6 10/13-16 , 19 45 49 6 10/12-16 45 49 6 10/9 , 12-15 44 50 6 10/8-9 , 12-1 4 43 51 7 10/8-9 , 12-13 40 53 7 10/7-9 , 12 43 51 7 10/6-9 43 51 6 10/5-8 45 48 7 10/2 , 5 -7 45 49 6 10/1 -2 , 5 -6 43 50 7 9/30 - 10/2 , 5 43 50 7 9/28 - 10/2 46 49 6 9/28 - 10/1 44 49 7 9/25 , 28-30 46 48 7 9/24-25 , 28-29 * 46 48 7 9/22-25 , 28 48 46 6 9/21-25 48 46 6 9/18 , 21-24 48 47 5 9/17-18 , 21-23 48 46 6 9/17-18 , 21-22 48 46 6 9/14 , 17-18 , 21 48 47 6 9/11 , 14 , 17-18 47 47 6 9/10-11 , 14 , 17/08 47 45 8 .
" Now , as you think about the election for president and vice president that will be held in November --
If the election for president and vice president were held today and you had to make a choice , for whom would you vote : John McCain and Sarah Palin , the Republicans , Barack Obama and Joe Biden , the Democrats , Bob Barr and Wayne Allen Root , the Libertarians , OR Ralph Nader and Matt Gonzalez , the independents ? "
If unsure : " And which candidate do you lean toward slightly ? " .
McCain Obama Barr Nader Unsure % % % % % 10/23 , 26-29 45 48 1 1 5 10/16 , 19-22 45 48 1 2 4 10/9 , 12-15 43 49 1 2 5 10/6-9 41 51 1 2 5 9/28 - 10/2 44 48 1 2 5 9/21-25/08 47 45 1 2 5 * As of this date , the pollsters altered the sample weighting scheme for the Battleground Poll .
Investor 's Business Daily / TIPP tracking poll conducted by TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence .
N=800 - 1,100 likely voters nationwide . .
" If the 2008 election for United States president were held today and the following were candidates for whom would you vote ?
Would you say Democrat Barack Obama or Republican John McCain ? "
Options rotated .
McCain Obama Other % % % VOTE PROJECTION , with undecideds allocated : .
11/1-3/08 44.3 51.5 4.2 .
McCain Obama Unsure % % %
11/1-3/08 42.8 47.3 10.0 10/30 - 11/2/08 43 48 10 10/29 - 11/1/08 45 47 9
10/27-31/08 43 48 9 10/26-30/08 44 48 8 10/25-29/08 44 48 9
10/24-28/08 44 47 9
10/23-27/08 44 48 9 10/22-26/08 44 47 9
10/21-25/08 43 47 10 10/20-24/08 42 46 12 10/19-23/08 42 46 12 10/18-22/08 44 45 12 10/17-21/08 42 46 12 10/16-20/08 41 47 12 10/15-19/08 41 47 12 10/14-18/08 42 47 12 10/13-17/08 40 47 13 10/12-16/08 41 46 14 10/11-15/08 42 45 13
10/9-14/08 42 45 13
10/7-13/08 42 45 13
10/6-12/08 43 45 13 Reuters /C-SPAN / Zogby tracking poll .
Rolling sample from three 24 - hour periods .
N=approx .
1,200 likely voters nationwide .
MoE ± approx .
2.8 . . General Election Trial Heat : . McCain Obama OTHER .
End date % % % .
VOTE PROJECTION , with undecideds allocated : .
11/3/08 42.7 54.1 3.1 .
McCain Obama Nader Barr Unsure % % % % %
11/2/08 44 51
11/1/08 44 50
10/31/08 44 49
10/30/08 43 50
10/29/08 43 50 10/28/08 44 49
10/27/08 45 49
10/26/08 45 50
10/25/08 44 49
10/24/08 42 51
10/23/08 41 51 10/22/08 40 52
10/21/08 42 52
10/20/08 42 50
10/19/08 44 50
10/18/08 45 48
10/17/08 44 48 10/16/08 44 49
10/15/08 44 49
10/14/08 44 48 10/13/08 43 49
10/12/08 44 48
10/11/08 43 49
10/10/08 44 48
10/9/08 43 48 10/8/08 44 48
10/7/08 45 47
10/6/08 45 48 1 1 4
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Before he has turned 30 , U.S. Army Capt .
Jaron Wharton has served two yearlong tours in the Iraq war , felt the severe strain on soldiers and seen the Army change the way it fights .
A US soldier searches a house during a patrol in Baghdad November 10 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Stefano Rellandini
In many ways , Wharton ’s experiences mirror those of the Army as a whole in the five years since U.S. troops invaded Iraq and raced to Baghdad to topple Saddam Hussein ’s regime .
“ Our patrols were treated like floats in a Macy ’s Thanksgiving Day parade , ” Wharton recalled of the early days .
“ People were really , really thankful . ”
But as the scenes of jubilation gave way to a deadly insurgency , Iraq has become the biggest test the U.S. military has faced without a draft since the fight for independence from Britain in the 1775 - 83 Revolutionary War .
Nearly 4,000 U.S. troops have died in Iraq , more than 3,200 of them killed in action .
Almost 30,000 have been wounded .
When he returned to Iraq for his second tour in November 2005 , Wharton found a tougher environment .
One sergeant was hit by three bomb attacks during an 18 - hour patrol , he recalled .
Some U.S. soldiers are now on their third or fourth tours .
Deployments have been extended from a year to 15 months , with only a year at home between tours .
The long deployments take a heavy toll on personal relationships , said Wharton , whose wife is also an Army captain who has served two tours .
“ In most of these deployments , the girlfriend , she ’s not there at the end , ” said Wharton , 29 , of Hoover , Alabama , who has also served in Afghanistan .
“ Fiancees are hit or miss .
And sometimes even wives are gone . ”
More than one in four soldiers on their third or fourth Iraq tours suffer mental health problems , an Army survey found .
MAJOR IMPACT
As well as the personal toll on soldiers , the war has had a major impact on the military as an institution , above all on the Army , which has done most of the fighting .
It exposed a medical system that was ill - equipped to provide long - term care for a large number of wounded warriors .
It has eroded the U.S. military ’s ability to fight another major war .
Commanders have said the Air Force and Navy would likely have to take the lead if a new conflict arose , because ground forces are so stretched .
The strain has prompted the United States to start expanding the Army by 65,000 active - duty troops for a total force of 547,000 .
The Marine Corps is also growing .
Despite the war , the Army has continued to meet recruitment goals , although critics say it has lowered standards to do so .
It has offered cash incentives to attract recruits and hold on to mid-level officers like Wharton , who is now on a fellowship at a Washington think tank , the Center for a New American Security , but remains a member of the Army .
“ Folks are amazed by the resiliency of our soldiers , ” he said , sitting in a Pentagon cafeteria .
“ You ’ve got to commend these soldiers because they ’re strong and they keep at it . ”
FUNDAMENTAL DEBATE
Beyond the strains of the war , Iraq has also sparked a fundamental debate about the future of the Army .
“ We have an Army that was designed to kill people and break things and we still need an Army that can do that , ” said Lt. Col .
John Nagl , the author of a book on fighting insurgencies called “ Learning to Eat Soup With a Knife . ”
“ But we also , increasingly , need an Army that can help people and build things . ”
That view has increasingly shaped U.S. strategy in Iraq , particularly since another counterinsurgency expert , Gen. David Petraeus , took command in Baghdad early last year .
Backed by a surge of 30,000 extra U.S. troops , Petraeus moved his forces off big bases to protect Iraqis and help provide essential services .
The extra troops and new approach have contributed to a steep decline in violence in Iraq since last summer .
Spurred by Iraq , senior officers have embraced the idea the military must be ready to do more “ nation - building ” -- once a taboo in the Bush administration -- to stabilize fragile states that could become a haven for Islamist militants .
“ The greatest threat to international security has been states that are too strong , ” Nagl said .
“ In the 21st century , I would argue that at least as great a threat , conceivably even a greater threat , is states that are too weak . ”
Petraeus oversaw a new counterinsurgency manual , co-written by Nagl , that stressed the importance of noncombat missions and was issued in December 2006 .
The Army released a broader manual last month that also upgraded stability operations .
Some officers and analysts say the Army still needs much more reform to ditch Cold War thinking and embrace unconventional warfare .
Nagl wants a 20,000 - member corps created to train the militaries of friendly nations .
“ Although we have an Army now that understands that it needs to be able to build and protect , we have not yet created the Army that can do those things , ” Nagl said .
DENVER 
The Bush administration on Thursday announced an end to federal protection for gray wolves in Montana , Wyoming and Idaho , concluding that the wolves were reproductively robust enough to survive .
“ Wolves are back , ” said Lynn Scarlett , the deputy secretary of the Department of the Interior , in a telephone conference call with reporters .
“ Gray wolves in the northern Rocky Mountains are thriving and no longer need protection . ”
A coalition of wildlife and environmental groups dismissed the government ’s claims and announced plans for a lawsuit to reverse the decision , which is to take effect next month .
Advocates for the animals said there were too few wolves to make a genetically sound population , and that state plans to manage wolf populations were underfinanced and fueled by a long - simmering animosity against wolves that could drive them back to threatened status .
Adapted from Your Inner Fish by Neil Shubin © 2008 .
Reprinted with permission by Pantheon Books , a division of Random House , Inc. Shubin , Chicago 's Robert R. Bensley professor , chair and associate dean for Organismal Biology & Anatomy , is also provost of the Field Museum of Natural History .
Hernias , hiccups , and snores — oh , my !
It ’s been 3.5 billion years , and the human body ’s past still plays a role in our lives and health .
My knee was swollen to the size of a grapefruit , and one of my colleagues from the surgery department was twisting and bending it to determine whether I had strained or ripped one of the ligaments or cartilage pads inside .
This , and the MRI scan that followed , revealed a torn meniscus , the probable result of 25 years spent carrying a backpack over rocks , boulders , and scree in the field .
Hurt your knee and you will almost certainly injure one or more of three structures : the medial meniscus , the medial collateral ligament , or the anterior cruciate ligament .
So regular are injuries to these three parts of your knee that these three structures are known among doctors as the “ Unhappy Triad . ”
They are clear evidence of the pitfalls of having an inner fish .
Fish do not walk on two legs .
Our humanity comes at a cost .
For the exceptional combination of things we do — talk , think , grasp , and walk on two legs — we pay a price .
This is an inevitable result of the tree of life inside us .
Imagine trying to jerry - rig a Volkswagen Beetle to travel at speeds of 150 miles per hour .
In 1933 Adolf Hitler commissioned Dr. Ferdinand Porsche to develop a cheap car that could get 40 miles per gallon of gas and provide a reliable form of transportation for the average German family .
The result was the VW Beetle .
This history , Hitler ’s plan , places constraints on the ways we can modify the Beetle today ; the engineering can be tweaked only so far before major problems arise and the car reaches its limit .
In many ways , we humans are the fish equivalent of a hot - rod Beetle .
Take the body plan of a fish , dress it up to be a mammal , then tweak and twist that mammal until it walks on two legs , talks , thinks , and has superfine control of its fingers — and you have a recipe for problems .
We can dress up a fish only so much without paying a price .
In a perfectly designed world — one with no history — we would not have to suffer everything from hemorrhoids to cancer .
Nowhere is this history more visible than in the detours , twists , and turns of our arteries , nerves , and veins .
Follow some nerves and you ’ll find that they make strange loops around other organs , apparently going in one direction only to twist and end up in an unexpected place .
The detours are fascinating products of our past that , as we ’ll see , often create problems — hiccups and hernias , for example .
And this is only one way our past comes back to plague us .
Our deep history was spent , at different times , in ancient oceans , small streams , and savannahs , not office buildings , ski slopes , and tennis courts .
We were not designed to live past the age of 80 , sit on our keisters for ten hours a day , and eat Hostess Twinkies , nor were we designed to play football .
This disconnect between our past and our human present means that our bodies fall apart in certain predictable ways .
Virtually every illness we suffer has some historical component .
The examples that follow reflect how different branches of the tree of life inside us — from ancient humans , to amphibians and fish , and finally to microbes — come back to pester us today .
Each of these examples show that we were not designed rationally but are products of a convoluted history .
I . Our hunter - gatherer past : obesity , heart disease , and hemorrhoids .
During our history as fish we were active predators in ancient oceans and streams .
During our more recent past as amphibians , reptiles , and mammals , we were active creatures preying on everything from reptiles to insects .
Even more recently , as primates , we were active tree - living animals , feeding on fruits and leaves .
Early humans were active hunter - gatherers and , ultimately , agriculturalists .
Did you notice a theme here ?
That common thread is the word “ active . ”
The bad news is that most of us spend a large portion of our day being anything but active .
I am sitting on my behind at this very minute typing this , and a number of you are doing the same reading it ( except for the virtuous among us who are reading it in the gym ) .
Our history from fish to early human in no way prepared us for this new regimen .
This collision between present and past has its signature in many of the ailments of modern life .
What are the leading causes of death in humans ?
Four of the top ten causes — heart disease , diabetes , obesity , and stroke — have some sort of genetic basis and , likely , a historical one .
Much of the difficulty is almost certainly due to our having a body built for an active animal but the lifestyle of a spud .
In 1962 the anthropologist James Neel addressed this notion from the perspective of our diet .
Formulating what became known as the “ thrifty genotype ” hypothesis , Neel suggested that our human ancestors were adapted for a boom - bust existence .
As hunter - gatherers , early humans would have experienced periods of bounty , when prey was common and hunting successful .
These periods of plenty would be punctuated by times of scarcity , when our ancestors had considerably less to eat .
Neel hypothesized that this cycle of feast and famine had a signature in our genes and in our illnesses .
Essentially , he proposed that our ancestors ’ bodies allowed them to save resources during times of plenty so as to use them during periods of famine .
In this context , fat storage becomes very useful .
The energy in the food we eat is apportioned so that some supports our activities going on now , and some is stored , for example in fat , to be used later .
This apportionment works well in a boom - bust world , but it fails miserably in an environment where rich foods are available 24/ 7 .
Obesity and its associated maladies — age - related diabetes , high blood pressure , and heart disease — become the natural state of affairs .
The thrifty genotype hypothesis also might explain why we love fatty foods .
They are high - value in terms of how much energy they contain , something that would have conferred a distinct advantage in our distant past .
Our sedentary lifestyle affects us in other ways , because our circulatory system originally appeared in more active animals .
Our heart pumps blood , which is carried to our organs via arteries and returned to the heart by way of veins .
Because arteries are closer to the pump , the blood pressure in them is much higher than in veins .
This can be a particular problem for the blood that needs to return to our heart from our feet .
Blood from the feet needs to go uphill , so to speak , up the veins of our legs to our abdomen .
If the blood is under low pressure , it may not climb all the way .
Consequently , we have two features that help the blood move up .
The first are little valves that permit the blood to move up , but stop it from going down .
The other feature is our leg muscles .
When we walk we contract them , and this contraction serves to pump the blood up our leg veins .
The one - way valves and the leg - muscle pumps enable our blood to climb from feet to abdomen .
This system works superbly in an active animal , which uses its legs to walk , run , and jump .
It does not work well in a more sedentary creature .
If the legs are not used much , the muscles will not pump the blood up the veins .
Problems can develop if blood pools in the veins , because that pooling can cause the valves to fail .
This is exactly what happens with varicose veins .
As the valves fail , blood pools in the veins .
The veins get bigger and bigger , swelling and taking tortuous paths in our legs .
Needless to say , the arrangement of veins can also be a real pain in the behind .
Truck drivers and others who sit for long stretches of time are particularly prone to hemorrhoids , another cost of our sedentary lives .
During their long hours of sitting , blood pools in the veins and spaces around the rectum .
As the blood pools , hemorrhoids form — an unpleasant reminder that we were not built to sit for too long , particularly not on soft surfaces .
II .
Primate past : talk is not cheap .
Talking comes at a steep price : choking and sleep apnea are high on the list of problems we have to live with in order to be able to talk .
We produce speech sounds by controlling motions of the tongue , the larynx , and the back of the throat .
All are relatively simple modifications to the basic design of a mammal or a reptile .
The human larynx is made up mostly of gill arch cartilages , corresponding to the gill bars of a shark or fish .
The back of the throat , extending from the last molar tooth to just above the voice box , has flexible walls that can open and close .
We make speech sounds by moving our tongue , by changing the shape of our mouth , and by contracting a number of muscles that control the rigidity of this wall .
Sleep apnea is a potentially dangerous trade - off for the ability to talk .
During sleep , the muscles of our throat relax .
In most people , this does not present a problem , but in some the passage can collapse so that relatively long stretches pass without a breath .
This , of course , can be risky , particularly in people who have heart conditions .
The flexibility of our throat , so useful in our ability to speak , makes us susceptible to a form of sleep apnea that results from obstruction of the airway .
Another trade - off of this design is choking .
Our mouth leads both to the trachea , through which we breathe , and to our esophagus , so we use the same passage to swallow , breathe , and talk .
These three functions can be at odds , for example , when a piece of food gets lodged in the trachea .
III .
A hiccup in our tadpole past
This annoyance has its roots in the history we share with fish and tadpoles .
If there is any consolation for getting hiccups , it is that our misery is shared with many other mammals .
Cats can be stimulated to hiccup by sending an electrical impulse to a small patch of tissue in their brain stem .
This area of the brain stem is thought to be the center that controls the complicated reflex that we call a hiccup .
The hiccup reflex is a stereotyped twitch involving a number of muscles in our body wall , diaphragm , neck , and throat .
A spasm in one or two of the major nerves that control breathing causes these muscles to contract .
This results in a very sharp inspiration of air .
Then , about 35 milliseconds later , a flap of tissue in the back of our throat ( the glottis ) closes the top of our airway .
The fast inhalation followed by a brief closure of the tube produces the “ hic . ”
But we rarely experience only a single hic .
Stop the hiccups in the first five to ten hics , and you have a decent chance of ending the bout altogether .
Miss that window , and the bout of hiccups can persist for an average of about 60 hics .
Inhaling carbon dioxide ( by breathing into the classic paper bag ) and stretching the body wall ( taking a big inhalation and holding it ) can end hiccups early in some of us .
But not all .
Some cases of pathological hiccups can be extremely prolonged .
The longest uninterrupted hiccups in a person lasted from 1922 to 1990 .
Our tendency to develop hiccups is another influence of our past .
There are two issues to think about .
The first is what causes the spasm of nerves that initiates the hiccup .
The second is what controls that distinctive hic , the abrupt inhalation –glottis closure .
The nerve spasm is a product of our fish history , while the hic is an outcome of the history we share with animals such as tadpoles .
First , fish .
Our brain can control our breathing without any conscious effort on our part .
Most of the work takes place in the brain stem , at the boundary between the brain and the spinal cord .
The brain stem sends nerve impulses to our main breathing muscles .
Breathing happens in a pattern .
Muscles of the chest , diaphragm , and throat contract in a well - defined order .
Consequently , this part of the brain stem is known as a “ central pattern generator . ”
This region can produce rhythmic patterns of nerve and , consequently , muscle activation .
A number of such generators in our brain and spinal cord control other rhythmic behaviors , such as swallowing and walking .
The problem is that the brain stem originally controlled breathing in fish ; it has been jerry - rigged to work in mammals .
Sharks and bony fish all have a portion of the brain stem that regulates the rhythmic firing of muscles in the throat and around the gills .
The nerves that control these areas all originate in a well - defined portion of the brain stem .
We can even see this nerve arrangement in some of the most primitive fish in the fossil record .
Ancient ostracoderms , from rocks over 400 million years old , preserve casts of the brain and cranial nerves .
Just as in living fish , the nerves that control breathing extend from the brain stem .
This works well in fish , but it is a lousy arrangement for mammals .
In fish the nerves that control breathing do not have to travel very far from the brain stem .
The gills and throat generally surround this area of the brain .
Mammals have a different problem .
Our breathing is controlled by muscles in the wall of our chest and by the diaphragm , the sheet of muscle that separates chest from abdomen .
Contraction of the diaphragm controls inspiration .
The nerves that control the diaphragm exit our brain just as they do in fish , and they leave from the brain stem , near our neck .
These nerves , the vagus and the phrenic nerve , extend from the base of the skull and travel through the chest cavity to reach the diaphragm and the portions of the chest that control breathing .
This convoluted path creates problems ; a rational design would have the nerves traveling not from the neck but from somewhere nearer the diaphragm .
Unfortunately , anything that interferes with one of these nerves can block their function or cause a spasm .
If the odd course of our nerves is a product of our fishy past , the hiccup itself is likely the product of our history as amphibians .
Hiccups are unique among our breathing behaviors in that an abrupt intake of air is followed by a closure of the glottis .
Hiccups seem to be controlled by a central pattern generator in the brain stem : stimulate this region with an electrical impulse , and we stimulate hiccups .
It makes sense that hiccups are controlled by a central pattern generator , since , as in other rhythmic behaviors , a typical sequence of events happens during a hic .
It turns out that the pattern generator responsible for hiccups is virtually identical to one in amphibians .
And not in just any amphibians — in tadpoles , which use both lungs and gills to breathe .
Tadpoles use this pattern generator when they breathe with gills .
In that circumstance , they want to pump water into their mouth and throat and across the gills , but they do not want the water to enter their lungs .
To prevent it from doing so , they close the glottis , the flap that closes off the breathing tube .
And to close the glottis , tadpoles have a central pattern generator in their brain stem so that an inspiration is followed immediately by a closing glottis .
They can breathe with their gills thanks to an extended form of hiccup .
The parallels between our hiccups and gill breathing in tadpoles are so extensive that many have proposed that the two phenomena are one and the same .
Gill breathing in tadpoles can be blocked by carbon dioxide , just like our hiccups .
We can also block gill breathing by stretching the wall of the chest , just as we can stop hiccups by inhaling deeply and holding our breath .
Perhaps we could even block gill breathing in tadpoles by having them drink a glass of water upside down .
IV .
What ’s fishy about hernias
Our propensity for hernias , at least for those hernias near the groin , results from taking a fish body and morphing it into a mammal .
Fish have gonads that extend toward their chest , approaching their heart .
Mammals do n’t , and therein lies the problem .
It is a very good thing that our gonads are not deep in our chest and near our heart ( although it might make reciting the Pledge of Allegiance a different experience ) .
If our gonads were in our chest , we would n’t be able to have babies .
Slit the belly of a shark from mouth to tail .
The first thing you ’ll see is liver , a lot of it .
The liver of a shark is gigantic .
Some zoologists believe that a large liver contributes to the buoyancy of the shark .
Move the liver away and you ’ll find the gonads extending up near the heart , in the “ chest ” area .
This arrangement is typical of most fish : the gonads lie toward the front of the body .
In us , as in most mammals , this arrangement would be a disaster .
Males continuously produce sperm throughout our lives .
Sperm are finicky little cells that need exactly the right range of temperatures to develop correctly for the three months they live .
Too hot , and sperm are malformed ; too cold , and they die .
Male mammals have a neat little device for controlling the temperature of the sperm - making apparatus : the scrotum .
As we all know , the male gonads sit in a sac .
Inside the skin of the sac are muscles that can expand and contract as the temperature changes .
Muscles also lie in our sperm cords .
Hence , the cold - shower effect : the scrotum will tuck close to the body when it is cold .
The whole package rises and falls with temperature .
This is all a way to optimize the production of healthy sperm .
The dangling scrotum also serves as a sexual signal in many mammals .
Between the physiological advantages of having gonads outside the body wall , and the occasional benefits this provides in securing mates , there are ample advantages for our distant mammalian ancestors in having a scrotum .
The disadvantage is that the plumbing that carries sperm to the penis is circuitous .
Sperm travel from the testes in the scrotum through the sperm cord .
The cord leaves the scrotum , travels up toward the waist , loops over the pelvis , then goes through the pelvis to travel through the penis and out .
Along this complex path , the sperm gain seminal fluids from a number of glands that connect to the tube .
The reason for this absurd route lies in our developmental and evolutionary history .
Our gonads begin their development in much the same place as a shark ’s : up near our livers .
As they grow and develop , our gonads descend .
In females the ovaries descend from the midsection to lie near the uterus and fallopian tubes .
This ensures that the egg does not have far to travel to be fertilized .
In males the descent goes farther .
The descent of the gonads , particularly in males , creates a weak spot in the body wall .
To envision what happens when the testes and spermatic cord descend to form a scrotum , imagine pushing your fist against a rubber sheet .
In this example , your fist becomes equivalent to the testes and your arm to the spermatic cord .
The problem is that you have created a weak space where your arm sits .
Where once the rubber sheet was a simple wall , you ’ve now made another space , between your arm and the rubber sheet , where things can slip .
This is essentially what happens in many types of inguinal hernias in men .
Some of these inguinal hernias are congenital — when a piece of the gut travels with the testes as it descends .
Another kind of inguinal hernia is acquired .
When we contract our abdominal muscles , our guts push against the body wall .
A weakness in the body wall means that guts can escape the body cavity and be squeezed to lie next to the spermatic cord .
Females are far tougher than males , particularly in this part of the body .
Because females do not have a giant tube running through it , their abdominal wall is much stronger than a man’s .
This is a good thing when you think of the enormous stresses that female body walls go through during pregnancy and childbirth .
A tube through the body wall just would n’t do .
Men ’s tendency to develop hernias is a trade - off between our fish ancestry and our mammal present .
V. Mitochondria ’s bacterial legacy
Mitochondria exist inside every cell of our bodies , doing a remarkable number of things .
Their most obvious job is to turn oxygen and sugars into a kind of energy we can use inside our cells .
Other tasks include metabolizing toxins in our livers and regulating different parts of cell function .
We notice our mitochondria only when things go wrong .
Unfortunately , the list of diseases caused by malfunctioning mitochondria is extraordinarily long and complex .
If there is a problem in the chemical reactions in which oxygen is consumed , energy production can be impaired .
The malfunction may be confined to individual tissues , say the eyes , or may affect every system in the body .
Depending on the location and severity of the malfunction , it can lead to anything from weakness to death .
Many of the processes we use to live reflect our mitochondria ’s history .
The chain reaction of chemical events that turns sugars and oxygen into usable energy and carbon dioxide arose billions of years ago , and versions of it are still seen in diverse microbes .
Mitochondria carry this bacterial past inside of them : with an entire genetic structure and cellular microstructure similar to bacteria , it is generally accepted that they arose from originally free - living microbes over a billion years ago .
In fact , the entire energy - generating machinery of our mitochondria arose in one of these kinds of ancient bacteria .
The bacterial past can be used to our advantage in studying the diseases of mitochondria — in fact , some of the best experimental models for these diseases are bacteria .
This is powerful because we can do all kinds of experiments with bacteria that are not possible with human cells .
One of the most provocative studies was done by a team of scientists from Italy and Germany .
The disease they studied invariably kills the infants who are born with it .
Called cardioencephalomyopathy , it results from a genetic change that interrupts the normal metabolic function of mitochondria .
In studying a patient who had the disease , the team identified a place in the DNA that had a suspicious change .
Knowing something about the history of life , they then turned to the microbe known as Paracoccus denitrificans , which is often called a free - living mitochondrion because its genes and chemical pathways are so similar to those of mitochondria .
Just how similar was revealed by the European team .
They produced the same change in the bacteria ’s genes that they saw in their human patient .
What they found makes total sense , once we know our history .
They were able to simulate parts of a human mitochondrial disease in a bacterium , with virtually the same change in metabolism .
This is putting a many - billion - year part of our history to work for us .
The example from microbes is not unique .
Judging by the Nobel Prizes awarded in medicine and physiology in the past 13 years , I should have called this book Your Inner Fly , Your Inner Worm , or Your Inner Yeast .
Pioneering research on flies won the 1995 Nobel Prize in medicine for uncovering a set of genes that builds bodies in humans and other animals .
Nobels in medicine in 2002 and 2006 went to people who made significant advances in human genetics and health by studying an insignificant - looking little worm ( C. elegans ) .
Similarly , in 2001 , elegant analyses of yeast ( including baker ’s yeast ) and sea urchins won the Nobel in medicine for increasing our understanding of some of the basic biology of all cells .
These are not esoteric discoveries made on obscure and unimportant creatures .
These discoveries on yeast , flies , worms , and , yes , fish tell us about how our own bodies work , the causes of many of the diseases we suffer , and ways we can develop tools to make our lives longer and healthier .
In John Lilly ’s blog post in November about Firefox market share , he said one of the most important factors for figuring out how Firefox is doing is the health of addons.mozilla.org ( also known as AMO ) .
AMO recently hit a few milestones , so I thought an update ( or perhaps initial view ) of the add - ons community was in order .
Earlier this week , AMO served its 600 millionth add - on download .
That ’s original downloads , not including updates .
We currently have over 4000 add - ons hosted on the site and between 800,000 and 1 million downloads every day .
The site has around 4.5 million pageviews per day , not including services hosted on AMO such as update checks and blocklisting .
AMO now receives around 100 million add - on update pings every day .
This is similar , but not exactly the same , to the “ ADU ” number as explained on John ’s blog .
The application breakdown of those 100 million update pings looks like this for a particular day ( in this case last Wednesday ) :
That ’s over 1 million add - ons used daily in Firefox 3 alphas , betas , and trunk .
So , in case you ’ve missed our previous requests , please update your add - ons for Firefox 3 !
We ’re working to make this kind of data available to add - on developers in the near future , so look for a post on the Web Development blog about that soon .
I researched these comparative job trend graphs for my Keynote at the 2007 London Perl Workshop , and then added a few more for this blog post .
The graphs are from indeed.com , a job data aggregator and search engine .
They ’re all live , so every time you visit this page they ’ll be updated with the current trend data ( though it seems the underlying data is n’t updated often ) .
My notes between the graphs relate to how they looked when I wrote this post in February 2008 ( and the graphs were all Feb 2005 thru Dec 2008 ) .
Update : the graphs have all changed significantly since I wrote the post originally , and generally not in Perl ’s favour .
I saved a copy of the post as a PDF so you can see the graphs as they looked in early 2008 .
First up , all jobs that even mention perl , python or ruby anywhere in the description :
The most amazing thing to me about this graph is that it indicates that 1 % of all jobs mention perl .
Wow .
( Perhaps the profile of the jobs indeed.com is a little skewed towards technical jobs .
If it is then I ’m assuming it ’s equally skewed for each of the programming languages .
Note :
An addendum below shows that ruby is getting ~ 17 % boost through false positive matches from other jobs , like Ruby Tuesday restaurants .
That applies to the graphs here that do n’t qualify the search with an extra term like ‘ software engineer ’ . )
Here ’s a slightly more focussed version that compares languages mentioned in jobs for “ software engineer ” or “ software developer ” roles :
A similar pattern .
The narrowing of the gap between Perl and the others languages looks like good evidence of Perl ’s broad appeal as a general purpose tool beyond the pure “ software engineering / development ” roles .
I wanted to focus on jobs where developing software using a particular language was the principle focus of the job .
So then I looked for “ foo developer ” jobs :
That increases the gap between Perl and the others .
Perhaps a reflection of Perl ’s maturity – that it ’s more entrenched so more likely to be used in the name of the role .
But do people use “ foo developer ” or “ foo programmer ” for job titles ?
Let ’s take a look :
So “ foo developer ” is the most popular , but “ foo programmer ” is still significant , especially for Perl .
( It ’s a pity there ’s no easy way to combine the pairs of trend lines .
That would raise Perl even further . )
To keep us dynamic language folk in our place , it ’s worth comparing the trends above with those of more static languages :
C++ and C# dwarf the dynamic languages .
C and cobol are still alive and well , just .
Then , to give the C++ and C# folk some perspective , let ’s add Java to the mix :
C++ and C# may dwarf the dynamic languages , but even they are dwarfed by Java .
Let ’s take a slight detour now to look at web related work .
( It ’s a detour because this post is n’t about web related work , it ’s about the jobs market for the three main general purpose dynamic languages .
People doing web work can tend to assume that everything is about web work . )
We ’ll start by adding in two more specialist languages , PHP and JavaScript :
I ’m not surprised by the growth of PHP , though I ’m sad that so many people are being introduced to ‘ programming ’ through it .
I ’m more surprised by the lack of height and growth in JavaScript .
I presume that ’s because it ’s still rare for someone to be primarily a “ JavaScript developer ” .
( That ’ll change . )
Let ’s check that :
That ’s much closer to what I ’d expected .
PHP is a popular skill , but is mentioned in less than half the jobs than Perl is .
JavaScript , on the other hand , is in great and growing demand .
Let ’s look at the “ web developer ” role specifically and see which of the languages we ’re interested in are mentioned most frequently :
I think this graph captures the essence of why people think Perl is stagnant .
It ’s because Perl has n’t been growing much in the ‘ web developer ’ world .
People in that world are the ones most likely to be blogging about it and , I ’ve noticed , tend to generalize their perceptions .
( If you ’re interested in PHP , Java , ASP and JavaScript and look here you ’ll see that they all roughly follow the PHP line at about twice the height .
JavaScript is at the top with accelerating growth . )
Finally , just to show I ’m not completely biased about Perl , here are the relative trends :
This kind of graph reminds me of small companies that grow by a small absolute amount , say two employees growing to four , and then put out a press release saying they ’re the “ fastest growing company ” in the area , or whatever .
Dilbert recognises the issue .
The graph looks striking now ( Q1 2008 ) but means little .
If it looks much like that in two years time , then it ’ll be more impressive .
Similarly , the fact that Perl is still growing its massive installed base over this period is impressive .
( Seen most clearly by the second graph . )
Perl 5 has been around for 14 years , and Perl itself for 21 .
The Perl community has n’t been great at generating “ Buzz ” that ’s visible outside the community .
It ’s just quietly getting on with the job .
Lots of jobs .
That lack of buzz helps create the impression that the Perl community lacks vitality relative to other similar languages .
Hopefully this post , and others , go some small way towards correcting that .
p.s. For an alternative , more geographic view , take a look at the Dynamic Language Jobs Map ( about ) .
Addendum :
It turns out that approximately 14 % of “ ruby ” jobs relate to restaurants – mostly the Ruby Tuesday chain .
So I investigated how false positives affected the single - keyword searches I ’ve used in some of the graphs .
( I ’m going to assume that “ foo developer ” is sufficiently immune from false positives . )
I searched for Perl and then added negative keywords ( - foo - bar … ) until I ’d removed almost all of the likely software related jobs .
I ended up with this list ( which shows that indeed.com do n’t use stemming , which is sad and dumb of them ) :
perl - developer - developers - engineer - software - programmer - programmers - programming - development - java - database - sql - oracle - sybase - scripting - scripter - coder - linux - unix - protocol - C - C++ - javascript - computing
Then I did the same search but with python or ruby instead of perl .
Here are the results :
language all
matches filtered
matches inappropriate
matches perl 29987 6 0.02 % false python 7794 20 0.2 % false ruby 4624 794 17 % false
Ruby is well below python ( and far below perl ) in the first graph , yet that includes this 17 % boost from inappropriate matches .
You have to marvel at Ruby ’s ability to gain mind - share , if not market - share .
' As we were gettin our gear on and making to the stairway '
The Top 13 DRM - free eBook Sites
January 4 , 2008 at 6:44 am | Posted in eBook | 56 Comments
With the holidays upon us , many of us can think of nothing better than curling up with a good book .
Therefore I thought it a good time to compile a list of the top DRM - free eBook sites .
If you want to know what DRM is and why it ’s bad when it comes to eBooks , see my previous post on The Perils of DRM - protected eBooks .
The following sites contain either completely free or DRM - free eBooks .
Note that you may still be required to pay for a DRM - free eBook , although the cost is usually very reasonable , often around the price of a cup of coffee .
So without further ado …
UPDATE 5th November 2008 – I ’ve created a new site called eBooks Just Published that announces new DRM - free ebook releases .
Readers can subscribe using RSS or subscribe to a weekly email newsletter .
The site is very new but I ’m hoping to be able to announce at least one new ebook every day .
Only completely DRM - free ebooks will ever be announced on the site .
1. Project Gutenburg
The grand - daddy of eBook collections , Project Gutenburg has over 20,000 free eBooks and contains classic works from authors such as William Shakespeare and Jane Austin .
2. Project Gutenburg Australia
A sister project to the main Project Gutenburg site , the Australian site has 1500 additional eBooks which are public domain in Australia ( the works of authors who died before 1955 ) .
These may be still under copyright in your country , so check before you download them .
The site also includes Australian literature , eBook reviews and various listings based on different categories such as children ’s literature , classics , bestsellers , etc .
3. Manybooks.net
Another very large collection , sourced mainly from Project Gutenburg .
There are some additional public domain and creative commons works from other sources .
What Manybooks .net offers over Project Gutenburg is the ability to download the eBooks in a huge variety of formats suitable for display on a wide range of mobile devices .
The site also receives several book reviews per day from readers .
4. Webscriptions and Baen Free Library
The most well - known Science Fiction collection around is the popular Baen Books .
I ’ve mentioned this site before this site before and I ’ve found the books on this site to be of a very high standard .
The Baen Free Library mostly has starter books in a series and sample books for authors who have many other books for sale .
These are offered for free to entice you to buy other books from the same authors .
Baen also runs the Webscriptions website , selling non-DRM e-books from over 200 SF and Fantasy authors .
The e-book prices are extremely fair and well below paperback prices .
Downloads are available in formats that cover all e-book readers .
There is also a subscription model that offers a package of 5 - 7 novels per month .
5. Fictionwise
This site has both DRM - protected and DRM - free eBooks .
DRM - free eBooks are listed as ‘ Multiformat ’ and it ’s possible to restrict searching and browsing to just Multiformat eBooks .
This site is well laid out and easily searchable .
For example you can browse a specific genre and sort by Bestseller or Most Highly rated .
6. Double Dragon Publishing
A small independent Canadian publisher , Double Dragon Publishing has over 500 eBook titles in various genres , including Science Fiction , Fantasy and Romance .
Most are priced at $ 5.99 but there ’s a collection of 74 ‘ Dollar Downloads ’ which range in price from ‘ free ’ to $ 1.99 .
7. Dr Who Classic Series
The BBC has made a number of rare and acclaimed Dr Who novels freely available .
These can be read online or downloaded in PDF or the popular mobile formats .
8. BooksForABuck.com
This site has a good collection of very affordable eBooks but seems to have suffered from inflationary pressures as eBooks from BooksForABuck.com range in price from $ 1 to $ 3.99 .
Still you can’t really complain when you can buy an entire novel for the price of a cup of coffee .
Each book is reviewed and also provides links to any external reviews .
Many of the books allow you to read the first chapter for free .
9. Cory Doctorow
A science - fiction novelist who makes his novels available as free downloads at the same time as they go to print .
All his books have received rave reviews .
10 . Only - Free-Fiction.com
The URL says it all .
Only - Free-Fiction.com has a good collection of free eBooks in various genres .
Each book includes reader ratings and reviews .
11 . Speculative Fiction Review
A publisher of science fiction , suspense , thrillers , topical and mixed - genre fiction , Speculative Fiction Review has a small but highly rated selection of eBooks in Adobe Acrobat format .
None of their eBooks have any DRM .
12 . iFiction
The iTunes of eBooks , iFiction allows you to read the first part of a novel for free and then you can pay a small amount ( usually less than $ 1 ) to read the rest .
It does n’t have as many eBooks as iTunes has music tracks yet .
The site is maintained by author Andrew Burt .
13 . Steve Jordan Books
I ’m currently reading and enjoying Steve Jordan ’s latest novel ‘ As the Mirror Cracks ’ .
Steve Jordan is an author who publishes his own works in eBook format .
His novels are $ 2.50 and he also has a number of short stories available for free .
UPDATE – A few great sites I missed the first time around
14 . Free TechBooks.com
FreeTechBooks has a nice collection of free Computer Science , Mathematics and Computer Programming books .
15 . Feedbooks.com
FeedBooks.com has a pleasant Web 2.0 look .
One feature I like is the ability to browse books by publication date , so you can quickly find recent works .
16 . MobileRead Forums
Check out the ‘ eBook Uploads ‘ forum group which has over 3000 hand - compiled eBooks available for download .
MobileRead Forums is also a great place to find any eBook / Mobile reader related news and information .
Let me know of any great sources I ’ve missed .
If you do n’t like reading from a screen or just ca n’t be bothered , why not try converting your eBook from text to speech so that you can listen to it on your iPod or MP3 player .
Check out this recent post 4 Quick Tips When Converting eBooks from Text to Speech
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Astronauts aboard the International Space Station put their new mechanical maintenance man through a trial workout on Sunday , testing the joints on its gangly arms while crewmates prepared for another spacewalk to get the robot ready for service .
The Canadian - built robot , named Dextre , was assembled during an occasionally frustrating spacewalk that ended earlier Saturday by shuttle Endeavour astronauts Richard Linnehan and Michael Foreman .
Dextre ’s 11 - foot ( 3.35 - metre ) arms were flown to the station anchored -- at some points too tightly -- to a work pallet .
“ We may have to get medieval on Mr. Dextre , ” Linnehan remarked at one point when even a pry bar was not readily freeing a stuck bolt .
Eventually , the astronauts were able to pin Dextre ’s arms on his body , clearing the way for a spacewalk on Monday to outfit the handyman with a tool caddy , television cameras and other accessories .
Dextre is designed to operate on the station ’s robot arm , adding manual dexterity and another 30 feet of reach to assist spacewalking astronauts during station repair and maintenance tasks .
The latest addition to the $ 100 billion station is a storage closet for Japan ’s elaborate laboratory -- named Kibo or “ Hope ” -- which is due to arrive in May .
A final section is scheduled to be installed in 2009 .
NASA has until 2010 to complete construction of the station and retire its three - ship shuttle fleet .
Endeavour arrived at the station on Wednesday to install the first piece of Kibo , deliver and set up Dextre and replace one of the station ’s three live - aboard crewmembers .
NASA ’s Garrett Reisman is swapping places with French astronaut Leopold Eyharts , who has been aboard since NASA ’s last shuttle crew delivered Europe ’s Columbus research laboratory to the station in February .
During Endeavour ’s 12 - day stay at the station , NASA also plans a spacewalk to test a technique to repair a damaged shuttle heat shield .
While Endeavour ’s heat shield has been cleared from any damage from its March 11 liftoff , NASA wants to be sure to have options for future crews if their ship becomes too damaged to safely fly back through the atmosphere for landing .
Endeavour is due back at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on March 26 .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
NASA developed an array of inspection tools , repair techniques and emergency procedures for handling shuttle damage after losing Columbia and its seven - member crew in 2003 .
The shuttle was hit by a piece of falling debris during launch that damaged a wing , leading to the ship ’s breakup 16 days later as it flew toward Florida for landing .
In wake of the accident , the United States decided to retire the shuttle fleet for good by September 30 , 2010 , and redirect its human spaceflight initiatives toward getting astronauts back on the moon and developing technologies to travel even farther out in the solar system .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- A Muslim man jumped to the aid of three Jewish subway riders after they were attacked by a group of young people who objected to one of the Jews saying " Happy Hanukkah , " a spokeswoman for the three said Wednesday .
The New York Police Department 's Hate Crimes Task Force is investigating Friday 's incident on the Q train .
Friday 's altercation on the Q train began when somebody yelled out " Merry Christmas , " to which rider Walter Adler responded , " Happy Hanukkah , " said Toba Hellerstein .
" Almost immediately , you see the look in this guy 's face like I 've called his mother something , " Adler told CNN affiliate WABC .
Two women who were with a group of 10 rowdy people then began to verbally assault Adler 's companions with anti-Semitic language , Hellerstein said .
One member of the group allegedly yelled , " Oh , Hanukkah .
That 's the day that the Jews killed Jesus , " she said .
When Adler tried to intercede , a male member of the group punched him , she said .
Another passenger , Hassan Askari -- a Muslim student from Bangladesh -- came to Adler 's aid , and the group began physically and verbally assaulting him , Hellerstein said .
" A Muslim - American saved us when our own people were on the train and did n't do anything , " Adler said .
Watch Adler describe the altercation »
Adler pulled the emergency brake and the train stopped at DeKalb Avenue station , where police came on board .
The 10 suspects , ages 19 to 20 , were taken into custody , said Brooklyn district attorney spokesman Sandy Silverstein .
Askari was first handcuffed alongside them , but he was released when Adler told police he was not an attacker , Hellerstein said .
Alder was treated at Long Island College Hospital for injuries that included a fractured nose and a cut lip that required several stitches , while Askari suffered a black eye , Hellerstein said .
The suspects are to appear in Brooklyn District Court on February 7 on charges that include assault , attempted assault , menacing , harassment , unlawful assembly , riot and disorderly conduct , Silverstein said .
The New York Police Department 's Hate Crimes Task Force is investigating the incident , and will determine whether the suspects will be charged with hate crimes , Officer Philip Hauser told CNN .
E-mail to a friend
All About Hate Crimes
Putty Tabs
Home > PuttyTabs
Love PuTTY ?
Work a lot of time with it ?
Going nuts while spending ages searching for the right window ?
Here 's a free solution for you !
This is what the PuttyTabs does :
It reads the Registry information of PuTTY .
Open a new terminal window with a click .
It displays Tabs for each opened window .
Bring the desired window to front with a click .
If a PuTTY window is on top , it highlights the corresponding tab .
It consumes little space on the desktop , only the tabs and a small dropdown button are visible .
This is what is looks like :
Get PuttyTabs Version 0.07.07.04 ( 4. Juli 2007 ) :
* Bug fix :
No complaint if putty .
exe is not configured
* Click on Tab minimizes active PuTTY - Window
The new version has a number of bugs .
Please use this one for now :
PuttyTabs-0.06.11.26.exe.zip
Sorry for the inconvenience ...
Please remember to configure PuttyTabs and tell it where yout putty .
exe is .
New in this Version from Robin Burchell ( Thanks Robin ! ) : *
Bug fix :
No complaint if putty .
exe is not configured *
Click on Tab minimizes active PuTTY - Window Download Executable ( ~20 kB , . NET 2.0 required ) Download Executable and Sources ( Visual C# 2005 Express , ~230 kB ) View the Licence
Enjoy it !
Use it !
Modify it !
( And if you like it , tell me ! )
Paul Bukhovko made a Belorussian translation of this page .
I do n't understand a word of it , but I 'm sure this will be useful to many people .
Thanks ,
Paul !
If you like this , you may also like my program Rabak .
Thanks to Simon Tatham for giving PuTTY to the world !
Old Versions :
PuttyTabs -0.06.11.26 :
* Running PuTTY processes are imported when PuttyTabs is launched
* PuttyTabs is ( at last ) hidden from the TaskSwitcher
Download New in this Version :* Running PuTTY processes are imported when PuttyTabs is launched * PuttyTabs is ( at last ) hidden from the TaskSwitcherDownload Executable or Executable and Sources
Wow , flying out of SFO just became much worse .
While traveling this morning I surprised to find out that TSA is now requiring that you remove all electronic devices from your carry - on bags , including cables etc. and place them in a separate bin to be scanned at the security checkpoints .
Along with slowing down the line to a crawl , this will undoubtedly lead to people losing expensive equipment , not to mention the possiblity for your stuff to be accidentally taken by someone else or even stolen .
Of course none of this information is mentioned on either the TSA or SFO websites .
Does anyone know if TSA is requiring this at any other airports ?
Here ’s more coverage of this story :
– Boing Boing
– Wired Gadget Lab
How ironic , TSA just launched their new blog today “ to provide here a forum for a lively , open discussion of TSA issues ” .
Maybe they can explain this new SFO policy .
There ’s a discussion about this issue on the FlyerTalk forums .
One person thinks it ’s some kind of TSA test , but so far no official word from TSA .
Just to clarify a few details , this unique security requirement was requested of everyone ( not just me ) in all the security lines ( both regular and first class ) and took place at one of the domestic security checkpoints at SFO on Thursday , January 31st .
Mark Frauenfelder posted about my TSA experience at SFO on Boing Boing and there are quite a few comments from travelers over there as well .
Ok , so it looks like TSA does not handle the gate security at SFO .
It is run by a security company called Covenant Aviation Security ( CAS ) .
This might explain the discrepancies .
Maybe someone from CAS would be willing to explain why the sudden change in policy .
It appears that this blog post played a part in convincing TSA to end this unusual practice of screening individual electronic items .
The Examiner published an interview with me regarding this blog post about the TSA experiement .
The professor of media studies at the University of Brighton has had enough of students turning in " banal and mediocre work " and decided that Google and Wikipedia must go .
Tara Brabazon provides her students with a reading list , of books , and expects their work to reference those works , rather than a rehash of a Wikipedia entry or the top five results from Google .
To achieve this she has , reportedly , banned her students using search engines and Wikipedia .
While we applaud her call for students to learn " the interpretative skills first before we teach them the technological skills " , nothing offers a range of information to be interpreted better than a Google search .
Google told us , when questioned about the ban : " We believe that more knowledge is more power for people around the world .
That 's why we 're committed to democratising access to information ...
One of the great advantages of the internet is that anyone can publish what they know . "
We could point out that people publish what they think they know , regardless of the facts .
Few of the inaccurate entries in Wikipedia are deliberate - the authors just believe themselves to be right in what they 're saying .
Drawing conclusions from a single media source is never a good idea , but if that media source is only fact - checked by the sick , the elderly and the under - employed , then it should form no more than a suggestion .
Wikipedia does accurately point out that Ms. Brabazon is currently gaining notoriety for her ban , though fails to connect that with her forthcoming public lecture on the subject in a way that only a cynical new - media publication would . ®
ABO EBAM , Nigeria 
In the gloomy shade deep in Africa 's rain forest , the noontime silence was pierced by the whine of a far - off chain saw .
It was the sound of destruction , echoed from wood to wood , continent to continent , in the tropical belt that circles the globe .
From Brazil to central Africa to once - lush islands in Asia 's archipelagos , human encroachment is shrinking the world 's rain forests .
The alarm was sounded decades ago by environmentalists — and was little heeded .
The picture , meanwhile , has changed : Africa is now a leader in destructiveness .
The numbers have changed : U.N. specialists estimate 60 acres of tropical forest are felled worldwide every minute , up from 50 a generation back .
And the fears have changed .
Experts still warn of extinction of animal and plant life , of the loss of forest peoples ' livelihoods , of soil erosion and other damage .
But scientists today worry urgently about something else : the fateful feedback link of trees and climate .
Global warming is expected to dry up and kill off vast tracts of rain forest , and dying forests will feed global warming .
" If we lose forests , we lose the fight against climate change , " declared more than 300 scientists , conservation groups , religious leaders and others in an appeal for action at December 's climate conference in Bali , Indonesia .
The burning or rotting of trees that comes with deforestation — at the hands of ranchers , farmers , timbermen — sends more heat - trapping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than all the world 's planes , trains , trucks and automobiles .
Forest destruction accounts for about 20 % of manmade emissions , second only to burning of fossil fuels for electricity and heat .
Conversely , healthy forests absorb carbon dioxide and store carbon .
" The stakes are so dire that if we do n't start turning this around in the next 10 years , the extinction crisis and the climate crisis will begin to spiral out of control , " said Roman Paul Czebiniak , a forest expert with Greenpeace International .
" It 's a very big deal . "
The December U.N. session in Bali may have been a turning point , endorsing negotiations in which nations may fashion the first global financial plan for compensating developing countries for preserving their forests .
The latest data from the Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) helped spur delegates to action .
" Deforestation continues at an alarming rate of about 13 million hectares ( 32 million acres ) a year , " the U.N. body said in its latest State of the World 's Forests report .
Because northern forests remain essentially stable , that means 50,000 square miles of tropical forest are being cleared every 12 months — equivalent to one Mississippi or more than half a Britain .
The lumber and fuelwood removed in the tropics alone would fill more than 1,000 Empire State Buildings , FAO figures show .
Although South America loses slightly more acreage than Africa , the rate of loss is higher here — almost 1 % of African forests gone each year .
In 2000 - 2005 , the continent lost 10 million acres a year , including big chunks of forest in Sudan , Zambia and Tanzania , up from 9 million a decade earlier , the FAO reports .
Across the tropics the causes can be starkly different .
The Amazon and other South American forests are usually burned for cattle grazing or industrial - scale soybean farming .
In Indonesia and elsewhere in southeast Asia , island forests are being cut or burned to make way for giant plantations of palm , whose oil is used in food processing , cosmetics and other products .
In Africa , by contrast , it 's individuals hacking out plots for small - scale farming .
Here in Nigeria 's southeastern Cross Rivers State , home to one of the largest remaining tropical forests in Africa , people from surrounding villages of huts and cement - block homes go to the forest each day to work their pineapple and cocoa farms .
They see no other way of earning money to feed their families .
" The developed countries want us to keep the forests , since the air we breathe is for all of us , rich countries and poor countries , " said Ogar Assam Effa , 54 , a tree plantation director and member of the state conservation board .
" But we breathe the air , and our bellies are empty .
Can air give you protein ?
Can air give you carbohydrates ? " he asked .
" It would be easy to convince people to stop clearing the forest if there was an alternative . "
The state , which long ago banned industrial logging , is trying to offer alternatives .
Working with communities like Abo Ebam , near Nigeria 's border with Cameroon , the Cross Rivers government seeks to help would - be farmers learn other trades , such as beekeeping or raising fist - sized land snails , a regional delicacy .
The state also has imposed a new licensing system .
Anyone who wants to cut down one of the forest 's massive , valuable mahogany trees or other hardwoods must obtain a license and negotiate which tree to fell with the nearby community , which shares in the income .
The logs can't be taken away whole , but must be cut into planks in the forest , by people like David Anfor .
He 's a 35 - year - old father of one who earns the equivalent of 75 U.S. cents per board he cuts with a whizzing chain saw .
" The forest is our natural resource .
We 're trying to conserve , " he said .
" But I 'm also working for my daily eating . "
A community benefiting from such small - scale forestry is likely to keep out those engaged in illegal , uncontrolled logging .
But enforcement is difficult in a state with about 3,500 square miles of pristine rain forest — and few forest rangers .
On one recent day deep in the forest , where the luxuriant green canopy allows only rare shards of sunlight to reach the floor , the trilling of a hornbill bird and the distant chain saw were the only sounds heard .
As forestry officials rushed to investigate , the saw operator fled deeper into the forest , sign of an illegal operation .
Environmentalists say such a conservation approach may work for rural , agrarian people in Nigeria , which lost an estimated 15 million acres between 1990 and 2005 , or about one - third of its entire forest area , and has one of the world 's highest deforestation rates — more than 3 % per year .
But lessons learned in one place are n't necessarily applicable elsewhere , they say .
A global strategy is needed , mobilizing all rain - forest governments .
That 's the goal of the post - Bali talks , looking for ways to integrate forest preservation into the world 's emerging " carbon trading " system .
A government earning carbon credits for " avoided deforestation " could then sell them to a European power plant , for example , to meet its emission - reduction quota .
" These forests are the greatest global public utility , " Britain 's conservationist Prince Charles said in the lead - up to Bali .
" As a matter of urgency we have to find ways to make them more valuable alive than dead . "
Observed the World Wildlife Fund 's Duncan Pollard , " Suddenly you have the whole world looking at deforestation . "
But in many ways rain forests are still a world of unknowns , a place with more scientific questions than answers .
How much carbon dioxide are forests absorbing ?
How much carbon is stored there ?
How might the death of the Amazon forest affect the climate in , say , the American Midwest ?
Hundreds of researchers are putting in thousands of hours of work to try to answer such questions before it is too late .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By George Osodi , AP Africa loses almost 1 % of its forests each year .
The Food and Agriculture Organization estimates 50,000 square miles of tropical forest are cleared every 12 months .
By George Osodi , AP Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
The Styx Architecture for Distributed Systems
Rob Pike
Dennis M. Ritchie
Computing Science Research Center
Lucent Technologies , Bell Labs
Murray Hill , New Jersey
USA
ABSTRACT
A distributed system is constructed from a set of relatively independent components that form a unified , but geographically and functionally diverse entity .
Examples include networked operating systems , Internet services , the national telephone switching system , and in general all the technology using today ’s diverse digital networks .
Nevertheless , distributed systems remain difficult to design , build , and maintain , primarily because of the lack of a clean , perspicuous interconnection model for the components .
Our experience with two distributed operating systems , Plan 9 and Inferno , encourages us to propose such a model .
These systems depend on , advocate , and generally push to the limit a fruitful idea : to present their resources as files in a hierarchical name space .
The objects appearing as files may represent stored data , but may also be devices , dynamic information sources , interfaces to services , and control points .
The approach unifies and provides basic naming , structuring , and access control mechanisms for all system resources .
A simple underlying network protocol , Styx , forms the core of the architecture by presenting a common language for communication within the system .
Even within non-distributed systems , the presentation of services as files advantageously extends a familiar scheme for naming , classifying , and connecting to system resources .
More important , the approach provides a natural way to build distributed systems , by using well - known technology for attaching remote file systems .
If resources are represented as files , and there are remote file systems , one has a distributed system : resources available in one place are usable from another .
Introduction
The Styx protocol is a variant of a protocol called 9P that was developed for the Plan 9 operating system [ 9man ] .
For simplicity , we will use the name Styx throughout this paper ; the difference concerns only the initialization of a connection .
The original idea behind Styx was to encode file operations between client programs and the file system , to be translated into messages for transmission on a computer network .
Using this technology , Plan 9 separates the file server — a central repository for permanent file storage — both from the CPU server — a large shared - memory multiprocessor — and from the user terminals .
This physical separation of function was central to the original design of the system ; what was unexpected was how well the model could be used to solve a wide variety of problems not usually thought of as file system issues .
The breakthrough was to realize that by representing a computing resource as a form of file system , many of the difficulties of making that resource available across the network would disappear naturally , because Styx could export the resource transparently .
For example , the Plan 9 window system , 8 ½ [ Pike91 ] , is implemented as a dynamic file server that publishes files with names like / dev/ mouse and / dev/ screen to provide access to the local hardware .
The / dev / mouse file , for instance , may be opened and read like a regular file , in the manner of UNIXTM device files , but under 8 ½ it is multiplexed : each client program has a private / dev/ mouse file that returns mouse events only when the client ’s window is the active one on the display .
This design provides a clean , simple mechanism for controlling access to the mouse .
Its real strength , though , is that the representation of the window system ’s resources as files allows Styx to make those resources available across the network .
For example , an interactive graphics program may be run on a CPU server simply by having 8 ½ serve the appropriate files to that machine .
Note that although the resources published by Styx behave like files — they have file names , file permissions , and file access methods — they do not need to exist as standard files on disk .
The / dev / mouse file is accessed by standard file I/O mechanisms but is nonetheless a transient object fabricated dynamically by a running program ; it has no permanent existence .
By following this approach throughout the system , Plan 9 achieves a remarkable degree of transparency in the distribution of resources [ PPTTW93 ] .
Besides interactive graphics , services such as debugging , maintenance , file backup , and even access to the underlying network hardware can be made available across the network using Styx , permitting the construction of distributed applications and services using nothing more sophisticated than file I/O .
The Styx protocol
Styx ’s place in the world is analogous to Sun NFS [ RFC ] [ NFS ] or Microsoft CIFS [ CIFS ] , although it is simpler and easier to implement [ Welc94 ] .
Furthermore , NFS and CIFS are designed for sharing regular disk files ; NFS in particular is intimately tied to the implementation and caching strategy of the underlying UNIX file system .
Unlike Styx , NFS and CIFS are clumsier at exporting dynamic device - like files such as / dev/ mouse .
Styx provides a view of a hierarchical , tree - shaped file system name space [ Nee89 ] , together with access information about the files ( permissions , sizes , dates ) and the means to read and write the files .
Its users ( that is , the people who write application programs ) , do n’t see the protocol itself ; instead they see files that they read and write , and that provide information or change information .
In use , a Styx client is an entity on one machine that establishes communication with another entity , the server , on the same or another machine .
The client mechanisms may be built into the operating system , as they are in Plan 9 or Inferno [ INF1 ] [ INF2 ] , or into application libraries ; a server may be part of the operating system , or just as often may be application code on a separate server machine .
In any case , the client and server entities communicate by exchanging messages , and the effect is that the client sees a hierarchical file system that exists on the server .
The Styx protocol is the specification of the messages that are exchanged .
At one level , Styx consists of messages of 13 types for
∙ Starting communication ( attaching to a file system ) ;
∙ Navigating the file system ( that is , specifying and gaining a handle for a named file ) ;
∙ Reading and writing a file ; and
∙ Performing file status inquiries and changes
However , application writers simply code requests to open , read , or write files ; a library or the operating system translates the requests into the necessary byte sequences transmitted over a communication channel .
The Styx protocol proper specifies the interpretation of these byte sequences .
It fits , approximately , at the OSI Session Layer level of the ISO standard classification .
Its specification is independent of most details of machine architecture and it has been successfully used among machines of varying instruction sets and data layout .
The protocol is summarized in Table 1 .
Table 1 . Summary of Styx messages .
In use , an operation such as
open ( " /usr/rob/.profile " , O_READ ) ;
is translated by the underlying system into a sequence of Styx messages .
After establishing the initial connection to the file server , an attach message authenticates the user ( the person or agent accessing the files ) and returns an object called a FID ( file ID ) that represents the root of the hierarchy on the server .
When the open ( ) operation is executed , it proceeds as follows .
∙ A clone message duplicates the root FID , returning a new FID that can navigate the hierarchy without losing the connection to the root .
∙ The new FID is then moved to the file / usr / rob /. profile by a sequence of walk messages that step along , one path component at a time ( usr , rob , . profile ) .
∙ Finally , an open message checks that the user has permission to read the file , permitting subsequent read and write operations ( messages ) on the FID .
∙ Once I/O is completed , the close message will release the FID .
At a lower level , implementations of Styx depend only on a reliable , byte - stream Transport communications layer .
For example , it runs over either TCP / IP , the standard transmission control protocol and Internet protocol , or Internet link ( IL ) , which is a sequenced , reliable datagram protocol using IP packets .
It is worth emphasizing , though , that the model does not require the existence of a network to join the components ;
Styx runs fine over a Unix pipe or even using shared memory .
The strength of the approach is not so much how it works over a network as that its behavior over a network is identical to its behavior locally .
Architectural approach
Styx , as a file system protocol , is merely a component in a more encompassing approach to system design : the presentation of resources as files .
This approach will be discussed using a sequence of examples .
Example : networking
As an example , access to a TCP / IP network in Inferno and Plan 9 systems appears as a piece of a file system , with ( abbreviated ) structure as follows [ PrWi93 ] :
/ net /
dns /
tcp /
clone
stats
0 /
ctl
status
data
listen
1 /
...
...
ether0 /
0 /
ctl
status
...
1 /
...
...
This represents a file system structure in which one can name , read , and write ‘ files ’ with names like / net/ dns , / net/tcp/ clone , / net /tcp/0/ctl and so on ; there are directories of files / net/tcp and / net / ether0 .
On the machine that actually has the network interface , all of these things that look like files are constructed by the kernel drivers that maintain the TCP / IP stack ; they are not real files on a disk .
Operations on the ‘ files ’ turn into operations sent to the device drivers .
Suppose an application wishes to establish a connection over TCP / IP to www.bell-labs.com .
The first task is to translate the domain name www.bell-labs.com to a numerical internet address ; this is a complicated process , generally involving communicating with local and remote Domain Name Servers .
In the Styx model , this is done by opening the file / dev/dns and writing the literal string www.bell-labs.com on the file ; then the same file is read .
It will return the string 204.178.16.5 as a sequence of 12 characters .
Once the numerical Internet address is acquired , the connection must be established ; this is done by opening / net / tcp / clone and reading from it a string that specifies a directory like / net / tcp / 43 , which represents a new , unique TCP / IP channel .
To establish the connection , write a message like connect 204.178.16.5 on the control file for that connection , / net/tcp/43/ctl .
Subsequently , communication with www.bell-labs.com is done by reading and writing on the file / net/tcp/43/data .
There are several things to note about this approach .
∙ All the interface points look like files , and are accessed by the same I/O mechanisms already available in programming languages like C , C++ , or Java .
However , they do not correspond to ordinary data files on disk , but instead are creations of a middleware code layer .
∙ Communication across the interface , by convention , uses printable character strings where feasible instead of binary information .
This means that the syntax of communication does not depend on CPU architecture or language details .
∙ Because the interface , as in this example with / net as the interface with networking facilities , looks like a piece of a hierarchical file system , it can easily and nearly automatically be exported to a remote machine and used from afar .
In particular , the Styx implementation encourages a natural way of providing controlled access to networks .
Lucent , like many organizations , has an internal network not accessible to the international Internet , and has a few gateways between the inside and outside networks .
Only the gateway machines are connected to both , and they implement the administrative controls for safety and security .
The advantage of the Styx model is the ease with which the outside Internet can be used from inside .
If the / net file tree described above is provided on a gateway machine , it can be used as a remote file system from machines on the inside .
This is safe , because this connection is one - way : inside machines can see the external network interfaces , but outside machines cannot see the inside .
Example : debugging
A similar approach , borrowed and generalized from the UNIX system [ Kill ] , is useful for controlling and discovering the status of the running processes in the operating system .
Here a directory / proc contains a subdirectory for each process running on the system ; the names of the subdirectories correspond to process IDs :
/ proc /
1 /
status
ctl
fd
text
mem
...
2 /
status
ctl
...
...
The file names in the process directories refer to various aspects of the corresponding process : status contains information about the state of the process ; ctl , when written , performs operations like pausing , restarting , or killing the process ; fd names and describes the files open in the process ; text and mem represent the program code and the data respectively .
Where possible , the information and control are again represented as text strings .
For example , one line from the status file of a typical process might be
samterm dmr Read 0 20 2478910 0 0 ...
which shows the name of the program , the owner , its state , and several numbers representing CPU time in various categories .
Once again , the approach provides several payoffs .
Because process information is represented in file form , remote debugging ( debugging programs on another machine ) is possible immediately by remote - mounting the / proc tree on another machine .
The machine - independent representation of information means that most operations work properly even if the remote machine uses a different CPU architecture from the one doing the debugging .
Most of the programs that deal with status and control contain no machine - dependent parts and are completely portable .
( A few are not , however : no attempt is made to render the memory data or instructions in machine - independent form . )
Example : PathStarTM Access Server
The data shelf of Lucent ’s PathStar Access Server [ PATH ] uses Styx to connect the line cards and other devices on the shelf to the control computer .
In fact , Styx is the protocol for high - level communication on the backplane .
The file system hierarchy served by the control computer includes a structure like this :
/ trip /
config
admin /
ospfctl
...
boot /
0 /
ctl
eeprom
memory
msg
pack
alarm
...
1 /
...
/ net /
...
The directories under / net are similar to those in Plan 9 or Inferno ; they form the interface to the external IP network .
The / trip hierarchy represents the control structure of the shelf .
The subdirectories under / trip / boot each provide access to one of the line cards or other devices in the shelf .
For example , to initialize a card one writes the text string reset to the ctl file of the card , while bootstrapping is done by copying the control software for the card into the memory file and writing a reset message to ctl .
Once the line card is running , the other files present an interface to the higher - level structure of the device : pack is the port through which IP packets are transferred to and from the card , alarm may be read to discover outstanding conditions on the card , and so on .
All this structure is exported from the shelf using Styx .
The external element management software ( EMS ) controls and monitors the shelf using Styx operations .
For example , the EMS may read / trip / boot / 7/ alarm and discover a diagnostic condition .
By reading and writing the other files under / trip / boot / 7/ , the card may be taken off line , diagnosed , and perhaps reset or substituted , all from the system running the EMS , which may be elsewhere in the network .
Another example is the implementation of SNMP in the PathStar Access Server .
The functionality of SNMP is usually distributed through the various components of a network , but here it is a straightforward adaption process , running anywhere in the network , that translates SNMP requests to Styx operations in the network element .
Besides dramatically simplifying the implementation , the natural ability for aggregation permits a single process to provide SNMP access to an arbitrarily complex network subsystem .
Yet the structure is secure : the file - oriented nature of the operations make it easy to establish standard authentication and security controls to guarantee that only trusted parties have access to the SNMP operations .
There are local benefits to this architecture , as well .
Styx provides a single point in the design where control can be separated from the details of the underlying fabric , isolating both from changes in the other .
Components become more adaptable : software can be upgraded without worrying about hidden dependencies on the hardware , and new hardware may be installed without updating the control software above .
Security issues
Styx provides several security mechanisms for discouraging hostile or accidental actions that injure the integrity of a system .
The underlying file - communication protocol includes user and group identifiers that a server may check against other authentication .
For example , a server may check , on a request to open a file , that the user ID associated with the request is permitted to perform the operation .
This mechanism is familiar from general - purpose operating systems , and its use is well - known .
It depends on passwords or stronger mechanisms for authenticating the identity of clients .
The Styx approach of providing remote resources as file systems over a network encourages genuinely secure access to the resources in a way transparent to applications , so that authentication transactions need not be provided as part of each .
For example , in Inferno , the negotiation of an initial connection between client and server may include installation of any of several encrypting or message - digesting protocols that supervise the channel .
All application use of the resources provided by the server is then protected against interference , and the server has strong assurance that its facilities are being used in an authorized way .
This is relevant both for general - purpose file servers , and , in the telephony field , is especially useful for safe remote administration .
Summary
Presentation of resources as a piece of a possibly remote file system is an attractive way of creating distributed systems that treads a path between two extremes :
1 All communication with other parts of the system is by explicit messages sent between components .
This communication differs in style from applications ’ use of local resources .
2 All communication is by means of closely shared resources : the CPU - addressable memory in various parts is made directly available across a big network ; applications can read and write far - away objects exactly as they do those on the same motherboard as their own CPU .
Something like the first of these extremes is usually more evident in today ’s systems , although either the operating system or software layered upon it usually paper over some of the rough spots .
The second remains more difficult to approach , because networks ( especially big ones like the Internet ) are not very reliable , and because the machines on them are diverse in processor architecture and in installed software .
The design plan described and advocated in this paper lies between the two extremes .
It has these advantages :
∙ A simple , familiar programming model for reading and writing named files .
File systems have well - defined naming , access , and permissions structures .
∙ Platform and language independence .
Underlying access to resources is at the file level , which is provided nearly everywhere , instead of depending on facilities available only with particular languages or operating systems .
C++ or Java classes , and C libraries can be constructed to access the facilities .
∙ A hierarchical naming and access control structure .
This encourages clean and well - structured design of resource naming and access .
∙ Easy testing and debugging .
By using well - specified , narrow interfaces at the file level , it is straightforward to observe the communication between distributed entities .
∙ Low cost .
Support software , at both client and server , can be written in a few thousand lines of code , and will occupy only small space in products .
This approach to building systems is successful in the general - purpose systems Plan 9 and Inferno ; it has also been used to construct systems specialized for telephony , such as Mantra [ MAN ] and the PathStar Access Server .
It supplies a coherent , extensible structure both to the internal communications within a single system and external communication between heterogeneous components of a large digital network .
References
[ NFS ] R. Sandberg , D. Goldberg , S. Kleiman , D. Walsh , and B. Lyon , ‘‘ Design and Implementation of the Sun Network File System ’’ , Proc. Summer 1985 USENIX Conf. , Portland , Oregon , June 1985 , pp. 119-130 .
[ RFC ] Internet RFC 1094 .
[ 9 man ] Plan 9 Programmer ’s Manual , Second Edition , Vol. 1 and 2 , Bell Laboratories , Murray Hill , N.J. , 1995 .
[ Kill84 ] T. J. Killian , ‘‘ Processes as Files ’’ , Proc. Summer 1984 USENIX Conf. , June 1984 , Salt Lake City , Utah , June 1984 , pp. 203-207 .
[ Pike91 ] R. Pike , ‘‘ 8½ , the Plan 9 Window System ’’ , Proc. Summer 1991 USENIX Conf. , Nashville TN , June 1991 , pp. 257-265 .
[ PPTTW93 ] R. Pike , D.L. Presotto , K. Thompson , H. Trickey , and P. Winterbottom , ‘‘ The Use of Name Spaces in Plan 9 ’’ , Op. Sys. Rev. , Vol. 27 , No. 2 , April 1993 , pp. 72-76 .
[ PrWi93 ] D. L. Presotto and P. Winterbottom , ‘‘ The Organization of Networks in Plan 9 ’’ , Proc. Winter 1993 USENIX Conf. , San Diego , Calif. , Jan. 1993 , pp. 43-50 .
[ Nee89 ] R. Needham , ‘‘ Names ’’ , in Distributed systems , edited by S. Mullender , Addison - Wesley , Reading , Mass. , 1989 , pp. 89-101 .
[ CIFS ] Paul Leach and Dan Perry , ‘‘ CIFS : A Common Internet File System ’’ , Nov. 1996 , http://www.microsoft.com/mind/1196/cifs.htm.
[ INF1 ] Inferno Programmer ’s Manual , Third Edition , Vol. 1 and 2 , Vita Nuova Holdings Limited , York , England , 2000 .
[ INF2 ] S.M. Dorward , R. Pike , D. L. Presotto , D. M. Ritchie , H. Trickey , and P. Winterbottom , ‘‘ The Inferno Operating System ’’ , Bell Labs Technical Journal Vol. 2 , No. 1 , Winter 1997 .
[ MAN ] R. A. Lakshmi-Ratan , ‘‘ The Lucent Technologies Softswitch - Realizing the Promise of Convergence ’’ , Bell Labs Technical Journal , Vol. 4 , No. 2 , April - June 1999 , pp. 174-196 .
[ PATH ] J. M. Fossaceca , J. D. Sandoz , and P. Winterbottom , ‘‘ The PathStar Access Server : Facilitating Carrier - Scale Packet Telephony ’’ , Bell Labs Technical Journal , Vol. 3 , No. 4 , October - December 1998 , pp. 86-102 .
[ Welc94 ] B. Welch , ‘‘A Comparison of Three Distributed File System Architectures : Vnode , Sprite , and Plan 9 ’’ , Computing Systems , Vol. 7 , No. 2 , pp. 175-199 ( 1994 ) .
Notes
l ’1i ’
Originally appeared in
Bell Labs Technical Journal ,
Vol . 4 ,
No .
2 ,
April - June 1999 ,
pp. 146-152 .
Copyright © 1999 Lucent Technologies Inc .
All rights reserved .
The music industry in Germany has secured a legal victory over the hugely popular file - hosting service , Rapidshare .
According to the rights holders , Rapidshare is going to have to stop its users from downloading infringing music tracks from its servers , or face the prospect of being shut down .
Last week we reported on rumors that Rapidshare had , or was about to be , shut down , rumors that now look likely to resurface .
The company , one of the world ’s largest ‘ one - click ’ file hosting services , has lost a copyright infringement case against German performing rights outfit , GEMA .
Representing a claimed 60,000 members and more than 1 million rights owners worldwide , GEMA has taken an aggressive stance in pursuing legal action against Rapidshare , trying to force it to be accountable for the infringing actions of its users .
For its part , Rapidshare has always insisted that it cannot be held responsible for these actions , such as when users upload copyright works ( in this case , music ) to their servers for subsequent downloading by others .
On 23 January 2008 , the district court in DÃ¼sseldorf ( Landgericht ) disagreed with this assertion after GEMA succeeded in convincing the court that Rapidshare should take responsibility for infringements carried out within its service .
GEMA are trying to imply that as a result of the decision , Rapidshare will be forced to take preventative action to stop GEMA works from even getting onto their servers , rather than a DMCA - style after - the - fact removal .
GEMA says that if Rapidshare are forced to filter they will likely end up with a service that ’s not worth operating , so they may decide to shut it down completely .
The GEMA press release has been published before the complete court decision , so it should be digested with at least a degree of scepticism , considering the huge amounts of spin employed by anti-piracy agencies and the music industries alike .
In a statement , Dr. Harald Heker , Chairman of the board at GEMA said : “ This decision is a milestone in the fight against the illegal use of our repertoire ” , which was almost a carbon - copy of a statement he made about the decision from a previous court case against Rapidshare .
He went on to explain that measures have to be put in place for the protection of rights holders and claiming that file - hosts are not responsible for what their users do , is no longer an option .
“ With this decision of general principle , ” he said , “ the course of future action against comparable services has been smoothed . ”
In their press release , GEMA speaks about the decision of the District Court of DÃ¼sseldorf but also mentions a decision from the District Court of Cologne .
TorrentFreak spoke to Christian Solmecke a lawyer at the Cologne Chambers of Lawyers Wilde & Beuger , to see what is likely to have happened in these cases .
He told us : “ The normal way is as follows : GEMA files a lawsuit against Rapidshare because of alleged copyright infringement on three or four songs .
If GEMA wins , Rapidshare is then obliged not to host these particular songs . ”
Lots of anti-piracy and industry bodies state that it ’s possible for file - hosting services and even ISPs to monitor , police and filter copyright works from their servers and networks .
This case is no different , except this time it ’s the court that has demanded this type of action .
Christian explains : “ From a legal point of view , it is interesting that the District Court of DÃ¼sseldorf decided that Rapidshare has to carry out a lot of preventive actions ( if the GEMA press release is correct on this point , of course ) .
This could mean that Rapidshare has to check all of its hosted material for copyright infringements – which is nearly impossible . ”
The instruction for Rapidshare to take preventative action is new , and despite another similar court case reaching a different decision .
Christian explains : “ Only 30 kilometers away from DÃ¼sseldorf , we ’ve already had a similar law suit in Cologne .
In that case the Oberlandesgericht ( Higher Regional Court and Court of Appeal ) decided that Rapidshare is only obliged to delete specific songs stated by GEMA .
They were not obliged to take preventative action . ”
“ The future will tell us which interpretation of the law is correct . ” Christian told us .
“ Perhaps in one or two years we will get a decision on this question from the Federal Court of Justice . ”
As the world struggles to update its laws to cope with the digital revolution , the courts – and lawyers – are being kept very busy indeed .
So back to the original question :
Is Rapidshare going to be closed down – or be left with no alternative but to shut itself down ?
Well – maybe … … maybe not .
Christian finishes up : “ I believe that Rapidshare will appeal against the decision of the Landgericht ( District Court ) of DÃ¼sseldorf .
If they do so , we will have to wait and see what the Oberlandesgericht ( Higher District Court ) of DÃ¼sseldorf ( as the Court of Appeal ) says . ”
In the meantime , while the legal wheels turn and turn , Rapidshare.com and Rapidshare .de continue to operate as usual .
BOSTON , MA - China aims to leapfrog the United States in technological development with substantial investment in nanotechnology , but whether those efforts will actually pay off is still unclear .
That was the message from University of California at Santa Barbara researchers presenting their findings on the state of Chinese nanotechnology here at the AAAS annual meeting .
Richard Applebaum and Rachel Parker from the Center for Nanotechnology in Society at UCSB conducted about sixty interviews with Chinese officials to piece together a picture of the current state of Chinese nanotechnology .
Applebaum set the specific research effort within the context of China 's stated overarching goal to " leapfrog " the West by using a combination of learning from the West ( i.e. technology transfer ) and increasing domestic research capacity ( " indigenous innovation " or zizhu chuangxin ) .
Nanotechnology research is one of four Chinese " science Megaprojects " that have the central purpose of catching the country up to US research by 2020 .
Still , for all the big talk , the actual government investment is not overwhelming .
The researchers estimated that the Chinese government only invested $ 400 million from 2002 to 2007 , although that investment is expected to rise considerably .
They highlighted several international partnerships related to nanotechnology including the Tsinghua - Foxconn Nanotechnology Research Center and the Zheijang - California NanoSystems Institute , but did n't go into much detail about what types of projects are being developed in those centers .
Right now , most nanotech research is being pushed by the central and regional governments with little private capital contributing to the national output .
There are a lot of questions about whether or not that is a sustainable model for developing a high - tech industry , Applebaum noted .
( It should also be noted , though , that some would question whether the venture capital model is sustainable either . )
It also leads to strange applications of nanotechnology in high - profile venues .
Parker said that the Olympic village parking lots being constructed in Beijing will have a nanopolymer coating that will absorb exhaust .
It was just an off - hand mention , but I am officially intrigued by the idea of coating our parking lots with pollution absorbing material .
I can't vouch for the true environmental - safety of that solution , but I 'd love to know how they 're doing it .
The coating could be something like this pollution absorbing concrete that uses titanium dioxide to degrade pollutants .
Image : flickr / Jurvetson
Judge Reggie Walton was n't kidding .
Last month , Judge Walton , a D.C. district court judge , held Toni Locy , a former USA Today reporter , in contempt for refusing to name her sources for a story she wrote about Dr. Steven Hatfill 's possible role in the 2001 anthrax attacks .
At the time , Judge Walton said he 'd fine Locy ( pictured ) $ 500 a day for seven days , $ 1,000 a day for the following seven days , and $ 5,000 a day for the seven days after that if she continued to refuse to cooperate .
He also said he would consider barring ...
' It reminds me of Iraq under Saddam , " a militant opponent of Saddam Hussein said angrily to me last week as he watched red-capped Iraqi soldiers close down part of central Baghdad so the convoy of Nouri al - Maliki , the Iraqi Prime Minister , might briefly venture into the city .
Five years after the invasion of Iraq , the US and the Iraqi governments claim that the country is becoming a less dangerous place , but the measures taken to protect Mr Maliki told a different story .
Gun-waving soldiers first cleared all traffic from the streets .
Then four black armoured cars , each with three machine - gunners on the roof , raced out of the Green Zone through a heavily fortified exit , followed by sand - coloured American Humvees and more armoured cars .
Finally , in the middle of the speeding convoy , we saw six identical bullet - proof vehicles with black windows , one of which must have been carrying Mr Maliki .
The precautions were not excessive , since Baghdad remains the most dangerous city in the world .
The Iraqi Prime Minister was only going to the headquarters of the Dawa party , to which he belongs and which are just half a mile outside the Green Zone , but his hundreds of security guards acted as if they were entering enemy territory .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Five years of occupation have destroyed Iraq as a country .
Baghdad is today a collection of hostile Sunni and Shia ghettoes divided by high concrete walls .
Different districts even have different national flags .
Sunni areas use the old Iraqi flag with the three stars of the Baath party , and the Shia wave a newer version , adopted by the Shia - Kurdish government .
The Kurds have their own flag .
The Iraqi government tries to give the impression that normality is returning .
Iraqi journalists are told not to mention the continuing violence .
When a bomb exploded in Karada district near my hotel , killing 70 people , the police beat and drove away a television cameraman trying to take pictures of the devastation .
Civilian casualties have fallen from 65 Iraqis killed daily from November 2006 to August 2007 to 26 daily in February .
But the fall in the death rate is partly because ethnic cleansing has already done its grim work and in much of Baghdad there are no mixed areas left .
More than most wars , the war in Iraq remains little understood outside the country .
Iraqis themselves often do not understand it because they have an intimate knowledge of their own community , be it Shia , Sunni or Kurdish , but little of other Iraqi communities .
It should have been evident from the moment President George Bush decided to overthrow Saddam Hussein that it was going to be a very different war from the one fought by his father in 1991 .
That had been a conservative war waged to restore the status quo ante in Kuwait .
The war of 2003 was bound to have radical consequences .
If Saddam Hussein was overthrown and elections held , then the domination of the 20 per cent Sunni minority would be replaced by the rule of the majority Shia community allied to the Kurds .
In an election , Shia religious parties linked to Iran would win , as indeed they did in two elections in 2005 .
Many of America 's troubles in Iraq have stemmed from Washington 's attempt to stop Iran and anti-American Shia leaders such as Muqtada al - Sadr filling the power vacuum left by the fall of Saddam Hussein .
The US and its allies never really understood the war they won that started on 19 March 2003 .
Their armies had an easy passage to Baghdad because the Iraqi army did not fight .
Even the so - called elite Special Republican Guard units , well - paid , well - equipped and tribally linked to Saddam , went home .
Television coverage and much of the newspaper coverage of the war was highly deceptive because it gave the impression of widespread fighting when there was none .
I entered Mosul and Kirkuk , two northern cities , on the day they were captured with hardly a shot fired .
Burnt - out Iraqi tanks littered the roads around Baghdad , giving the impression of heavy fighting , but almost all had been abandoned by their crews before they were hit .
The war was too easy .
Consciously or subconsciously , Americans came to believe it did not matter what Iraqis said or did .
They were expected to behave like Germans or Japanese in 1945 , though most of Iraqis did not think of themselves as having been defeated .
There was later to be much bitter dispute about who was responsible for the critical error of dissolving the Iraqi army .
But at the time the Americans were in a mood of exaggerated imperial arrogance and did not care what Iraqis , whether in the army or out of it , were doing .
" They simply thought we were wogs , " says Ahmad Chalabi , the opposition leader , brutally .
" We did n't matter . "
In those first months after the fall of Baghdad it was extraordinary , and at times amusing , to watch the American victors behave exactly like the British at the height of their power in 19th - century India .
The ways of the Raj were reborn .
A friend who had a brokerage in the Baghdad stock market told me how a 24 - year - old American , whose family were donors to the Republican Party , had been put in charge of the market and had lectured the highly irritated brokers , most of whom spoke several languages and had PhDs , about the virtues of democracy .
There was a further misconception that grew up at this time .
Most Iraqis were glad to be rid of Saddam Hussein .
He had been a cruel and catastrophically incompetent leader , who ruined his country .
All Kurds and most Shia wanted him gone .
But it did not follow that Iraqis of any description wanted to be occupied by a foreign power .
Later President Bush and Tony Blair gave the impression that overthrowing the Baathist regime necessarily implied occupation , but it did not .
" If we leave , there will be anarchy , " friends in the occupation authority used to tell me in justification .
They stayed , but anarchy came anyway .
In that first year of the occupation it was easy to tell which way the wind was blowing .
Whenever there was an American soldier killed or wounded in Baghdad , I would drive there immediately .
Always there were cheering crowds standing by the smoking remains of a Humvee or a dark bloodstain on the road .
After one shooting of a soldier , a man told me : " I am a poor man but my family is going to celebrate what happened by cooking chicken . "
Yet this was the moment when President Bush and his Secretary of Defence , Donald Rumsfeld , were saying that the insurgents were " remnants of the old regime " and " dead enders " .
There was also misconception among Iraqis about the depth of the divisions within their own society .
Sunni would accuse me of exaggerating their differences with the Shia , but when I mentioned prominent Shia leaders they would wave a hand dismissively and say : " But they are all Iranians or paid by the Iranians . "
Al - Qa'ida in Iraq regarded the Shia as heretics as worthy of death as the Americans .
Enormous suicide bombs exploded in Shia marketplaces and religious processions , slaughtering hundreds , and the Shia began to hit back with tit - for - tat killings of Sunni by Shia militia death squads or the police .
After the Sunni guerrillas blew up the Shia shrine in Samarra on 22 February 2006 , sectarian fighting turned into a full - blown civil war .
Mr Bush and Mr Blair strenuously denied that this was so , but by any standard it was a civil war of extraordinary viciousness .
Torture with electric drills and acid became the norm .
The Shia Mehdi Army militia took over much of Baghdad and controlled three - quarters of it .
Some 2.2 million people fled to Jordan and Syria , a high proportion of them Sunni .
The Sunni defeat in the battle for Baghdad in 2006 and early 2007 was the motive for many guerrillas , previously anti-American , suddenly allying themselves with American forces .
They concluded they could not fight the US , al - Qa'ida , the Iraqi army and police and the Mehdi Army at the same time .
There is now an 80,000 strong Sunni militia , paid for and allied to the US but hostile to the Iraqi government .
Five years after the American and British armies crossed into Iraq , the country has become a geographical expression .
' Muqtada al - Sadr and the Fall of Iraq ' by Patrick Cockburn is published next month by Faber & Faber
The KING COUNTY Democratic Central Committee has passed a resolution supporting impeachment with stronger language , and specifically supports SJM 8016 and HJM 4027 .
RESOLUTION : IMPEACHMENT OF BUSH & CHENEY
WHEREAS ,
In the coming Washington State Legislative session there has been introduced in both houses a new resolution listing impeachable offenses committed by Bush and Cheney and calling for the U. S. House of Representatives to begin impeachment hearings against Bush and Cheney ; and
WHEREAS , America has only until January 20th , 2009 to signal to history that America will not sanction torture , America will not sanction unprovoked war , and America will not sanction illegal spying ;
NOW , THEREFORE , BE IT RESOLVED , That the Washington State Democratic Central Committee ( WSDCC ) supports HJM 4027 and SJM 8016 whose language is attached hereto as House Joint Memorial 4027 ; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED ,
That the Chair of the WSDCC shall send copies of this resolution to all members of the Washington State Congressional Delegation ; and
BE IT FINALLY RESOLVED , That the Chair of the WSDCC shall exert all possible efforts to publicize and gain support for HJM 4027 / SJM 8016 attached below .
Submitted to the Washington State Democratic Central Committee ( WSDCC ) for consideration at its January 26 , 2008 meeting in Vancouver , WA by the King County Democratic Central Committee ( KCDCC ) .
###
1 TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE AND THE SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF
2 REPRESENTATIVES , AND TO THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE
3 UNITED STATES , IN CONGRESS ASSEMBLED :
4 We , your Memorialists , the Senate and House of Representatives of
5 the State of Washington , in legislative session assembled , respectfully
6 represent and petition as follows :
7 WHEREAS ,
The citizens of Washington state expect and require their
8 highest elected officials be subject to the laws of the land , like any
9 citizen , and uphold the constitutional oath taken by them upon assuming
10 office ; and
11 WHEREAS , The Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution
12 guarantees Americans privacy and freedom from warrantless search ; and
13 WHEREAS , In 1967 , the Supreme Court held in Katz v. United States ,
14 that the monitoring and recording of private conversations constitutes
15 a “ search ” for Fourth Amendment purposes , and that the government must
16 obtain a warrant before domestic wiretapping ; and
17 WHEREAS , In 1978 , Congress passed a law making it a criminal
18 offense to eavesdrop on Americans without judicial oversight ; and
19 WHEREAS , In 2001 , the President signed a secret executive order
p. 1 HJM 4027
1 authorizing warrantless surveillance of American citizens in direct
2 conflict with the United States Constitution and United States law ; and
3 WHEREAS , The President both demonstrated knowledge of the law he
4 was breaking , and lied about breaking the law by stating on April 20 ,
5 2004 , “… a wiretap requires a court order .
Nothing has changed , by the
6 way .
When we ’re talking about chasing down terrorists , we ’re talking
7 about getting a court order before we do so . ” ; and
8 WHEREAS , The President again demonstrated knowledge of the law he
9 was breaking and again lied about his lawlessness by stating on July
10 20 , 2005 , “ Law enforcement officers need a federal judge ’s permission
11 to wiretap a foreign terrorist ’s phone , or to track his calls , or to
12 search his property .
Officers must meet strict standards to use any of
13 the tools we ’re talking about . ” ; and
14 WHEREAS , On December 12 , 2005 , the New York Times published a
15 government leak that revealed the unlawful surveillance program ,
16 stating that according to government officials : “ Months after the
17 September 11 attacks , President Bush secretly authorized the National
18 Security Agency to eavesdrop on Americans and others inside the United
19 States to search for evidence of terrorist activity without the court -
20 approved warrants ordinarily required for domestic spying . ” ; and
21 WHEREAS , Five days later , on December 17 , 2005 , the President said ,
22 “ I have reauthorized this program more than thirty times since the
23 September the 11th attacks , and I intend to do so for as long as our
24 nation faces a continuing threat from al Qaeda and related groups . ” ;
25 and
26 WHEREAS , The Director of National Intelligence , Mike McConnell ,
27 indicated in a letter to Senator Arlen Specter that the President’s
28 executive order in 2001 authorized additional secret surveillance
29 activities and undisclosed activities beyond the warrantless
30 surveillance of e-mails and phone calls that Bush had confirmed in
31 December 2005 ; and
32 WHEREAS , The President denied the necessary security clearances to
33 investigators from the Office of Professional Responsibility in the
34 Justice Department who were to have investigated this matter , but could
35 not and did not ; and
36 WHEREAS , On March 10 , 2004 , Alberto Gonzales and the President’s
37 Chief of Staff , Andrew H. Card , Jr. tried to bypass Acting Attorney
HJM 4027 p. 2
1 General James Comey by meeting directly with a sick Mr. Ashcroft in his
2 hospital bed .
According to the testimony of James Comey before the
3 Senate Judiciary Committee , the purpose of this visit was to
4 reauthorize the secret wiretapping program , which Comey had refused to
5 reauthorize ; and
6 WHEREAS , The President subsequently appointed Mr. Gonzales to the
7 Attorney General post , who continued to reauthorize the warrantless
8 surveillance program until he tendered his resignation on August 26 ,
9 2007 , under threat of impeachment ; and
10 WHEREAS ,
The secret surveillance program uses a “ splitter ” to send
11 a copy of internet traffic and phone calls to a secure room operated by
12 the NSA in the San Francisco office of AT&T , according to the testimony
13 of Mark Klein , the retired AT&T communications technician who admitted
14 to connecting the “ splitter ” that copied the data in 2003 ; and
15 WHEREAS , Mark Klein also indicated that similar spy rooms were
16 being constructed in other cities , including Seattle , Washington , and
17 San Jose , Los Angeles , and San Diego ; and
18 WHEREAS , On August 17 , 2006 , the United States District Court for
19 the Eastern District of Michigan , in ACLU v. NSA , ruled that the NSA
20 wiretapping program violated privacy and free speech rights ,
21 constitutional separation of powers , and the 1978 Foreign Intelligence
22 Surveillance Act , and stated that “ It was never the intent of the
23 framers to give the President such unfettered control , particularly
24 where his actions blatantly disregard the parameters clearly enumerated
25 in the Bill of Rights ” ; and
26 WHEREAS , This unwarranted and unlawful , and seemingly
27 unconstitutional surveillance program is still being used to spy on
28 American citizens ; and
29 WHEREAS , United States and international law forbid invading a
30 foreign country without provocation ; and
31 WHEREAS , International laws ratified by Congress are part of United
32 States law according to Article VI of the United States Constitution ,
33 which states “ This Constitution , and the Laws of the United States
34 which shall be made in Pursuance thereof ; and all Treaties made , or
35 which shall be made , under the Authority of the United States , shall be
36 the supreme Law of the Land ” ; and
37 WHEREAS , The United Nations Charter was ratified by the United
38 States in 1945 and requires that member states , including the United
p. 3 HJM 4027
1 States , not attack or threaten attack of another country without
2 explicit Security Council approval except for self - defense against an
3 armed attack ; and
4 WHEREAS ,
There was no armed attack upon the United States by Iraq ,
5 and the United Nations Security Council did not vote to approve the use
6 of force against Iraq ; and
7 WHEREAS , On September 16 , 2004 , the Secretary General of the United
8 Nations Kofi Annan , commented on the United States invasion of Iraq by
9 stating : “ It was not in conformity with the United Nations charter .
10 From our point of view , from the charter point of view , it was
11 illegal . ” ; and
12 WHEREAS , In October 2002 , Congress authorized the President to use
13 his discretion to decide whether or not to use force against Iraq ; and
14 WHEREAS , The President and Vice President mislead Congress and the
15 American people about the potential threat of Iraq ; and
16 WHEREAS , The President and Vice President were either deliberately
17 deceitful or willfully ignorant about the potential threat of Iraq ; and
18 WHEREAS , On March 19 , 2003 , the President , acting on his sole
19 discretion , ordered the illegal invasion of Iraq , according to his
20 letter to Congress dated March 21 , 2003 , stating “ I directed U.S. Armed
21 Forces , operating with other coalition forces , to commence combat
22 operations on March 19 , 2003 , against Iraq . ” ; and
23 WHEREAS , United States law , 18 U.S.C Sec. 2340A forbids a United
24 States citizen from committing or conspiring to commit the offense of
25 torture outside of the United States ; and
26 WHEREAS , International law forbids torture and the United States
27 has bound itself to this unconditional prohibition by the American
28 Convention on Human Rights signed in 1977 , the International Covenant
29 on Civil and Political Rights signed in 1977 and ratified in 1992 , and
30 the United Nations Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman
31 or Degrading Treatment or Punishment signed in 1988 and ratified in
32 1994 ; and
33 WHEREAS , In 1947 , the United States charged a Japanese officer ,
34 Yukio Asano , with war crimes for waterboarding a United States
35 civilian ; and
36 WHEREAS , In March 2006 , the United States Department of State’s
HJM 4027 p. 4
1 Bureau of Democracy , Human Rights and Labor released a 2005 report on
2 human rights practices in Tunisia in which it formally recognized
3 “ submersion of the head in water ” as torture ; and
4 WHEREAS , The CIA has confirmed using waterboarding and former CIA
5 agency official , John Kiriakou , has told news agencies that the White
6 House and Justice Department knew of and authorized the use of new
7 harsh questioning techniques , including waterboarding ; and
8 WHEREAS , The President , acting with the support of the Vice
9 President and the same former Attorney General who resigned under
10 threat of impeachment , authorized the abusive treatment of prisoners ;
11 and
12 WHEREAS , The President and Vice President used “ war on terror ” as
13 part of their justification for authorization of the abusive
14 techniques ; and
15 WHEREAS , The CIA has reportedly used waterboarding on Abd al - Rahim
16 al - Nashiri , one of the prisoners ; and
17 WHEREAS , In November 2005 , the CIA destroyed video evidence of
18 their interrogations of Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri ; and
19 WHEREAS , All the details Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri made of his claims
20 of torture were redacted from his transcript ; and
21 WHEREAS , Federal attorneys defended the abusive treatment of
22 prisoners by arguing that antitorture provisions did not apply to
23 Guantanamo Bay captives ; and
24 WHEREAS , When Congress sought to reaffirm the United States
25 prohibition on torture by passing a 2005 antitorture law , the President
26 signed the law with a signing statement that effectively states that
27 the President has the right to torture at his discretion because , “ The
28 executive branch shall construe … the Act , relating to detainees , in a
29 manner consistent with the constitutional authority of the President to
30 supervise the unitary executive branch … ” ; and
31 WHEREAS ,
The abusive techniques authorized by the President were
32 inflicted on people the President declared “ enemy combatants ” ; and
33 WHEREAS ,
The abusive techniques authorized by the President were
34 committed during an armed conflict ; and
35 WHEREAS ,
The abusive techniques authorized by the President have
36 previously been classified as torture and prosecuted as a war crime by
37 the United States ; and
p. 5 HJM 4027
1 WHEREAS , International law defines torture during an armed conflict
2 as a war crime ; and
3 WHEREAS , International law defines that a commander involved in
4 ordering , allowing , or insufficiently preventing and prosecuting a war
5 crime is criminally liable under the Command Responsibility doctrine ;
6 and
7 WHEREAS , The President appears to be guilty of war crimes by simple
8 application of the Command Responsibility doctrine to the publicly
9 known facts ; and
10 WHEREAS , Based on the overwhelming evidence that has been presented
11 to the American people as established in this resolution , numerous
12 grounds for impeachment appear to exist ; and
13 WHEREAS , Illegally authorizing torture in violation of United
14 States and international laws , and committing war crimes would seem to
15 constitute an impeachable offense ; and
16 WHEREAS , The President ’s authorization and subsequent lies about an
17 unwarranted , unlawful , and apparently unconstitutional surveillance
18 program would seem to constitute an impeachable offense ; and
19 WHEREAS , Misleading the Congress and the American people to justify
20 invading another country in direct violation of international and
21 United States laws would seem to constitute an impeachable act ; and
22 WHEREAS , Such offenses , if committed , are subversive of
23 constitutional government to the great prejudice of the cause of law
24 and justice , and to the manifest injury of the people of Washington
25 state and of the United States of America ; and
26 WHEREAS , Petitions from the country at large may be presented by
27 the Speaker of the House according to Clause 3 of House Rule XII ; and
28 WHEREAS , Jefferson ’s Manual section LIII , 603 , states that
29 impeachment may be set in motion by charges transmitted from the
30 legislature of a state ; and
31 WHEREAS , Impeachment is a process defined in the United States
32 Constitution by which charges are brought against a President or Vice
33 President or civil officers of the United States in the House of
34 Representatives ; and
35 WHEREAS ,
The filing of these charges is followed by a trial in the
36 United States Senate that determines guilt or innocence ; and
37 WHEREAS , If the President or Vice President committed such
HJM 4027 p. 6
1 offenses , ignoring these offenses would undermine core American values
2 of truth and justice ; and
3 WHEREAS , Failing to impeach the President and Vice President if
4 they have committed such offenses would signal tacit approval of these
5 activities and sanction their use by future administrations ; and
6 WHEREAS , Failing to impeach the President and Vice President simply
7 because they are serving their second term would signal future
8 administrations that any high crime or misdemeanor , if committed or
9 covered up until their second term , will be tolerated until an upcoming
10 election ; and
11 WHEREAS , Freedom and liberty , and the laws and the Constitution of
12 the United States of America can only be protected by Americans ; and
( Source )
British troops may have executed up to 20 captives in southern Iraq in 2004 , human rights lawyers claimed today .
A dossier of evidence from men taken captive after a gun battle near the Iraqi town of Majat - al - Kabir in May 2004 also suggested soldiers tortured and mutilated captives .
Lawyers for five Iraqis today issued detailed witness statements , photographs of corpses and death certificates of the men who died .
The allegations first emerged within weeks of the incident and have since been investigated by the Royal Military Police .
The claims , which the Ministry of Defence denies , are among the most serious yet levelled against British soldiers who served in Iraq .
Solicitor Phil Shiner said : " There is the clearest evidence available of systematic abuse and systematic failings at the very highest levels of politicians , the civil service and the military . "
He added : " Until we as a nation face up to this evidence we cannot hope for the fundamental reforms required to ensure these things can never happen again .
" We do not want to be talked about in the same vein as the Japanese in the second world war or the Americans at My Lai , but unless we stand up and say as a nation that this cannot happen in our name , that is where we seem to be headed . "
Shiner and his colleague , Martyn Day , suggested prisoners captured after the three - hour gun battle may have been taken to a British base at Abu Naji and killed .
Detailed witness statements from the five men - Hussein Jabbari Ali , Hussain Fadhil Abass , Atiyah Sayid Abdelreza , Madhi Jassim Abdullah and Ahmad Jabber Ahmood - described what they heard while in detention , when they were handcuffed and forced to wear blacked - out goggles .
The statements described hearing other men screaming and choking as well as the sound of gunfire .
Abdelreza 's statement read : " I believed people were being killed .
I have never heard anything like that sound ever before in my life .
It shocked me and filled me with such terror . "
The lawyers , who are bringing a damages claim in the UK courts , say the five witnesses are labourers who have lived all their lives in Majar and had " absolutely nothing " to do with the Shia Mahdi army , who engaged British troops in the gun battle .
Day said : " The nature of a number of the injuries of the Iraqis would seem to us to be highly unusual in a battlefield .
" For example , quite how so many of the Iraqis sustained single gunshots to the head and from seemingly at close quarter , how did two of them end with their eyes gouged out , how did one have his penis cut off ( and ) some have torture wounds ? "
The solicitors called for an ongoing investigation by the RMP to be taken over by Scotland Yard .
An MoD spokesman said : " Allegations of mistreatment , unlawful killing and mutilation by British troops following an incident at Vehicle Checkpoint Danny Boy were thoroughly investigated by the RMP .
" Their investigation lasted 10 months , involved the interviewing of over 150 British personnel and 50 Iraqi nationals , and found no evidence to support these allegations .
" New allegations are part of an ongoing RMP investigation and judicial review and it would be inappropriate to comment further . "
Ernst Haeckel 's Monophyletic tree of organisms , 1866 .
Biologists at the time identified three major groups of species : animals , plants and protista ; primitive , mostly unicellular , organisms .
Modern biologists also classify all life into three groups , but now animals and plants are considered to belong to the same group , with two different types of bacteria making up the other two groups .
Next year is a great one for biology : not only will we celebrate 150 years since the publication of On the origin of species , but also 200 years since the birth of its author , Charles Darwin .
And two important anniversaries these are indeed : Darwin's theory of evolution through natural selection revolutionised vast swathes of human thought , from hard science to religion .
Recent advances in genetics have lent a whole new dimension to Darwin 's basic tenet , and furnished it with a vast body of evidence .
Mathematics has remained largely untouched by this revolution .
Biology and mathematics have been relatively separate disciplines throughout their long histories , in stark contrast to the rampant cross-fertilisation between mathematics and physics .
But this may be about to change .
As scientists develop faster methods for sequencing genes and whole genomes , genetics is experiencing an information explosion .
Mathematical methods are needed to tame huge amounts of data , and to infer from them the true underlying path of evolution .
But it 's not all about quantity .
At the heart of evolution lies a beautifully simple mathematical object : the evolutionary tree .
The quest to understand it has spawned recent collaborations between mathematicians and biologists and thrown up simple mathematical questions that look like they should have been answered centuries ago .
In this article we look at a few of these .
The tree of life
The central assumption of phylogenetics , the study of genetic relationships , is that all life on Earth stems from a single common ancestor .
As individuals procreate , genes mutate , probably randomly , and beneficial mutations are passed on through natural selection .
Groups of individuals change , adapting to their environment , until eventually they become reproductively isolated and form a new species of their own .
A modern phylogenetic tree .
Species are divided into bacteria , archaea , which are similar to bacteria but evolved differently , and eucarya , characterised by a complex cell structure .
Image courtesy NASA .
Darwin himself sketched a few phylogenetic trees in his notebooks and a little later the German biologist and artist Ernst Haeckel created a series of beautiful trees , like the one shown above .
Modern phylogenetic trees are somewhat more sober - looking , but they are based on the same principle .
The internal nodes represent points in time when species split into new ones .
All life springs from the single common ancestor , represented by a node called the root .
The species , or phylogenetic groups , as we observe them today correspond to the end - nodes at the very top of the tree , also called the leaves .
Trees like these are not only used to represent the evolution of a group of species .
They can also represent the mutations of a single gene or a virus like HIV or influenza , human migration patterns , and even the development of languages .
Mathematically speaking , a tree is a set of nodes that are connected by edges in such a way that there 's no more than one path between any two nodes .
If an individual node has been singled out , as is the case with the common ancestral node , then the tree is called a rooted tree .
If the tree splits into two at each node , then it is called a binary tree .
Trees often come with numbers associated to the edges , which are called weights .
In a phylogenetic tree , these weights usually quantify the amount of genetic change , for example the number of mutations of a single gene , that has taken place in the time period spanned by the edge .
To mathematicians , then , an evolutionary tree is a rooted binary tree .
Mathematical trees have been studied as part of the wider field of graph theory since 1736 , when Leonhard Euler published his first paper on the subject .
Figure 1 : The figure on the left is a non-directed , non-rooted tree and the central figure is a binary rooted tree .
Both have two interior nodes and leaves A , B , C and D .
The figure on the right is not a tree , because it contains a circuit : there are two ways of going from the top interior node to the leaf A .
Reconstructing the tree of life
The big question is how to infer the correct evolutionary tree from observed data .
One obvious strategy is to examine the things you 're interested in , for example different species , for similarities .
In Darwin 's time this would have involved looking for outward resemblances like the ones between humans and apes .
These days scientists look at molecular information and gene frequency data to infer similarities .
Whichever method you use , one way of dealing with your information is to try and come up with a single number that quantifies the difference between any two of the objects in question .
Figure 2 : A single gene has evolved through mutations .
The distance between any two leaves is the number of letters that differ : the distance from A to B is 2 , the distance from A to C is 3 and the distance from B to C is also 3 .
As an easy example , think of the mutations of a single gene .
All the information it contains is encoded by a sequence in the bases A , C , G and T , and mutation occurs through a change in the sequence : during cell division , an A in the mother cell might accidentally be copied to a G in the daughter cell .
You can define the distance between any two mutations as the number of letters that differ in the corresponding sequences or , if you want to normalise your numbers , as the number of letters that differ divided by the length of the sequence .
Mathematically speaking what you get is a distance matrix : the rows and columns of the matrix are labelled by the objects of interest , and the entry corresponding to row x and column y gives the distance d(x , y ) between x and y .
Your aim now is to find a tree which realises your matrix : any two leaves x and y of the tree are connected by a sequence of edges and you require the weights of these edges to add up to the distance between x and y given in the distance matrix .
Figure 3 shows an example of a distance matrix and a tree that realises it .
A B C D E A 0 5 8 12 11 B 5 0 9 13 12 C 8 9 0 6 5 D 12 13 6 0 3 E 11 12 5 3 0 Figure 3 : A distance matrix and the corresponding tree .
Add up the weights of the edges connecting any two leaves and you get the distance as given by the matrix .
Constructing a distance matrix is n't an exact science of course , and there 's plenty of room for error .
So the first mathematical question arising from this is :
Given a distance matrix , is there a tree that realises it ?
If yes , how many different trees are there ?
From a mathematical point of view , this seems like an obvious question to ask , so it 's surprising that it was n't answered until the mid 1960s and early 1970s when several researchers came up with an answer independently .
Interestingly , one of them , Peter Buneman , stumbled upon the question when trying to reconstruct the history of ancient manuscripts that , just like genes , mutate and evolve over generations as copying errors are made .
The answer lies in a generalised version of the triangle inequality : if you have three points A , B and C in the plane , then the path taking you directly from A to B will always be shorter than , or of the same length as , the path taking you from A to B via C .
For a distance matrix to have any chance of representing distances between points in the plane , every triplet of points A , B and C has to satisfy the inequality d( A , B ) ≤ d( A , C ) + d( C , B ) .
The condition ensuring that there 's a tree corresponding to the distance matrix involves sets of four points .
It not only guarantees the existence of a tree , but also makes sure that if there is a tree , then there is only one :
The four point condition :
If for any choice of four leaves A , B , C and D , the sum d( A , B ) + d( C, D ) is less than or equal to the larger of the two sums d( A , C ) + d( B , D ) and d( B , C ) + d( A , D ) , then there is exactly one tree realising the matrix .
Conversely , if there is a tree realising the matrix , then the four point condition is satisfied .
Figure 4 : The four point condition - the top left figure represents a piece of a tree connecting the four leaves A , B , C and D .
The other figures represent the three sums of the distances .
In this image it is clear that d( A , B ) + d( C, D ) = d( A , D ) + d( B , C ) , and that these two sums are greater than d( A , C ) + d( B , D ) .
Algorithmic trees
Once you have a matrix satisfying the four point condition , you still need to reconstruct the corresponding tree .
Trial and error is not an option for a large number of leaves , you need sure - fire recipes , algorithms , that are guaranteed to find the correct tree and can easily be implemented on computers .
The next mathematical question is therefore :
Given a distance matrix satisfying the four point condition , is there an algorithm that is guaranteed to find the correct tree in a reasonable amount of time ?
The answer is yes , luckily , but again it was only rather recently that some mathematical rigour was applied to the question .
There are in fact a range of algorithms available to scientists to complete the task .
One of the most popular ones is the neighbour joining method developed in the 1980s by Naruya Saitou and Masatoshi Nei .
The algorithm is simple enough , but we wo n't go into the details here .
Wikipedia has a precise description .
Saitou and Nei proved that their algorithm always gives you the correct tree as long as your distance matrix satisfies the four point condition .
It is also quite efficient : for a set of n leaves the algorithm needs to perform around n3 steps .
The function f( n ) = n3 is what mathematicians call a polynomial — in the language of complexity theory , the problem of reconstructing a tree from data satisfying the four point condition can be solved in polynomial time .
The four point condition will no doubt delight mathematicians , but is of less immediate importance to geneticists : when you 're building a distance matrix based on experimental data , it 's unlikely to satisfy the four point condition exactly .
There is hope , however , since in that case the algorithm will still come up with a tree that reflects your matrix reasonably well , and there are ways of quantifying just how good the resulting tree is .
Computational trees
Not our closest relative .
Only recently has it been confirmed that humans are evolutionarily closer to chimps than to gorillas .
The neighbour joining algorithm has the advantage of being computationally cheap , but the distance matrix approach comes with its own disadvantages .
It reduces everything you know about your species or genes to a simple array of numbers , so important information may be lost .
It also assumes that species that appear similar in terms of your data are also evolutionarily close .
But it 's easy to be fooled : a dolphin , after all , looks much like a fish , and genetic information can mislead too .
The exact relationship between humans , gorillas and chimps has only recently been sorted out , after scientists disentangled conflicting evidence coming from different genes .
If you do n't insist on mathematical minimalism and are happy to use some brute computational force , you can use statistical and probabilistic methods for reconstructing trees from your data .
Most of these require an underlying model of evolution which estimates the probabilities that certain evolutionary changes , like mutations , occur .
Equipped with such a model you can sift through a huge number of possible binary rooted trees and find the one that — in some sense — is most likely to be correct .
These methods use a lot of computing power , but they are by no means inferior to the distance matrix approach and are commonly used by scientists .
A huge amount of research effort is currently going into perfecting them and assessing their effectiveness .
We wo n't , however , go into these methods here and instead return to our elegant theory of trees .
Understanding evolutionary trees
Figuring out who evolved from what and when is in itself a rewarding thing to do , but there is a lot more you can do with an evolutionary tree once you 've reconstructed it .
Think , for example , of the following scenario : to augment sources of water supply to Sydney , the authorities in Australia have considered damming up some rivers in the Sydney water supply catchment region .
Each river runs through a valley and each valley is home to a certain subspecies of crayfish .
Damming a river upstream of the valley will have a great impact on the corresponding subspecies .
The authorities know that they are able to preserve three valleys and therefore three subspecies .
From an ecological viewpoint centered on the crayfish , which rivers should they choose to dam ?
This problem is in fact a simplified version of one encountered by the scientists Daniel P. Faith and Andrew M. Baker , published in Evolutionary Bioinformatics .
There is of course no clear - cut answer to this uncomfortable question , but one possible approach is to try and preserve as much diversity as possible : save those three subspecies that required the maximal amount of evolutionary change to appear .
How can you measure this diversity ?
On a phylogenetic tree , the weight of an edge represents the amount of change that occurred between the points in time represented by the two nodes connected by the edge .
It encodes the diversity relating to the two nodes .
In 1992 , Daniel Faith suggested a way of defining the phylogenetic diversity of a set of leaves : simply find the smallest set of edges that connect all the leaves in your set , as well as the root , and add up their weights .
Figure 6 : The diversity of the set A , B and C is 11 .
In the example on the right , the phylogenetic diversity of the leaves A , B and C is 2+3+1+4+1=11 .
The crayfish question now amounts to finding the set of three subspecies that has the greatest phylogenetic diversity .
All this can easily be translated into mathematical language .
If you take a set S of leaves on a tree and join them up using a minimal amount of edges from your tree , you get what is called the spanning tree of S .
The weight of the spanning tree is the sum of the weights of all its edges — this corresponds to the phylogenetic diversity .
The question now becomes :
Given a tree and a whole number k ( in our example k=3 ) , is there an algorithm that is guaranteed to find the set of k leaves whose spanning tree has maximal weight ?
It 's another simple mathematical question , so it 's again surprising that it was n't answered until 2006 , when Mike Steel and , independently , Fabio Pardi and Nick Goldman , came up with a positive answer and a rigorous proof .
They showed that the greedy algorithm , so - called because it grabs the greatest numbers at each step , will always spit out the required set of leaves .
Here is how it 's done :
Start by picking the two leaves that are the greatest distance apart , according to edge weights .
In the example below , these are the leaves B and D , because the sum of the weights of the edges connecting B and D is largest .
The two leaves and the edges between them form their own little subtree , indicated in red .
Figure 7 : The greedy algorithm .
First join leaves B and D because they are the ' furthest away ' from each other .
Next join up leave A , because it will add the most weight to the subtree .
Next , look at all the other leaves in turn and add up the weights of the edges that connect a given leaf to the subtree formed by B and D.
Choose the leaf for which this sum is greatest , in this case A , and connect it to the subtree , thus creating a new subtree .
Repeat this process until you have a set of k leaves .
It 's a straight - forward and natural approach and biologists doubtlessly knew about this greedy algorithm long before mathematicians proved its effectiveness .
Coming up with a rigorous proof may seem like a purely academic exercise in this case .
Something surprising happens , though , if you make the problem just a little more complex .
Suppose that each of the valleys in the crayfish example above contains more than one subspecies .
Which areas should you choose to preserve now ?
The difference between this and the initial problem is that you now operate with constraints : you 're not looking for any old set of subspecies that maximise diversity , but for a set that corresponds exactly to a number of valleys .
The set of subspecies has been carved up into groups , each corresponding to one of the valleys .
In mathematical language the problem becomes :
Suppose you have a tree whose leaves have been divided up into a number of groups .
Given a whole number k , is there a polynomial time algorithm that can pick out the collection of k groups , so that the spanning tree of the leaves contained in these groups has maximal weight ?
How much work did evolution put into you ?
In this case , the answer is no !
There is no known algorithm that can solve the problem in polynomial time .
This leads to an interesting aspect of complexity theory .
It 's incredibly hard to prove that any given problem that appears to be unsolvable in polynomial time really is unsolvable in polynomial time — that would require you to know all possible algorithms .
But mathematicians have found something quite remarkable : many complex problems for which there is no known polynomial time algorithm can be reformulated in terms of each other .
If you find a polynomial time algorithm that solves one of them , you can use it to solve all of them .
These problems are known as NP complete .
Whether or not this illusive algorithm exists is one of the biggest open questions in mathematics .
It 's one of the Clay Mathematics Institute 's Millennium problems and will earn the person who solves it a million dollars .
In 2006 Vincent Moulton , Charles Semple and Mike Steel proved that our constrained crayfish problem is at least as hard as the problem in the NP complete class .
No hope , then , to come up with a neat shortcut solution .
But not all is lost : there is a greedy algorithm that comes up with approximate results and mathematicians are able to quantify just how close they come to the optimal answer .
Lots more to do
Phylogenetics pushes the boundaries of known mathematics and more problems are sure to follow .
Scientists are starting to think that Darwin 's binary rooted tree may not be the best picture to have in mind .
Certain species can hybridise and some bacteria can transfer genes directly from individual to individual .
It may therefore be better to use more general graph theoretical objects , networks , rather than trees .
Even if you do accept that evolution progresses in a largely tree - like fashion this is a useful approach .
Sequencing the genome of whole organisms will soon become a matter of hours , rather than months .
There will be huge amounts of genetic data and each data set can give you a different tree .
Merging all possible trees into a network is a way of coping with this uncertainty , so mathematicians are currently hard at work creating the necessary network theory .
And it 's not just graph theory either .
Everything in phylogenetics hinges on assumptions and models and interpretation of data .
Only mathematics can quantify the uncertainties involved and make sure that biologists ' conclusions are statistically robust .
All in all it looks as if maths and biology are finally converging .
As the population scientist Joel E Cohen put it , " Mathematics is biology 's next microscope , only better . "
About this article
This article arose from a workshop on phylogenetics which took place at the Isaac Newton Institute for Mathematical Sciences in 2007 .
Many of the lectures are available on the Isaac Newton Institute website , including this webcast of a lecture given by Huson , Moulton and Steel .
Daniel Huson is Professor for Algorithms in Bioinformatics at the University of Tübingen in Germany .
He is the author of a number of computer programs used in evolutionary analysis , including Splits Tree4 for computing phylogenetic trees and networks , Dendroscope for drawing large trees and MEGAN for performing taxonomical analyses of metagenomic data .
All are freely available from www-ab.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/software .
Vincent Moulton is Professor of Computational Biology and Director of the Computational Biology Laboratory at University of East Anglia .
Moulton works on developing mathematical and computational techniques for phylogenetics , currently funded in part by the UK Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council .
Mike Steel is Director of the Biomathematics Research Centre at University of Canterbury , New Zealand , and a principal investigator of the Allan Wilson Centre for Molecular Ecology and Evolution .
He is co-author of the book Phylogenetics , which presents the mathematical foundation of phylogenetics .
Note : Formhandle 's cool modern 2013 interface is down .
In the meantime , the original retro style site is back .
Info & reports are exactly the same as the snazzy modern site !
- Maniac
Right - wing evangelical Christians are flexing their financial muscles and encouraging the faithful to put their money where their principles are in the lastest front in America 's cultural wars .
Ten years ago " faith - based funds " were a tiny proportion of the US mutual fund market , with just $ 500 m ( £ 250 m ) under management .
But today that figure has soared to $ 17bn ( £ 8.5 bn ) and it's a growth story that 's not likely to end any time soon .
A research report from Packaged Facts , a US market research firm , says that 69.5 million Americans are " devoted to the evangelical lifestyle " and that " the current and still - growing societal and monetary clout of this cohort is impossible to ignore . "
The largest of the funds appealing to the Christian right is the Ave Maria Catholic Values Fund , brainchild of Tom Monaghan , the so - called " Pizza Pope " ( Monaghan founded the Domino 's Pizza chain before devoting his energy to Catholic causes ) .
It has $ 600 m in assets under management and it specifically excludes companies that fail to " take a pro-family approach to investing " .
That means they have no truck with firms " connected with abortion or pornography , or that offer their employees non-marital partner benefits " .
Pepsi's decision to provide healthcare coverage for unmarried couples resulted in it being dumped from the fund in 2004 .
Pharmaceuticals giant Eli Lilly suffered a similar fate last year .
Ave Maria funds are less stringent on other grounds , having no problem with , for example , arms suppliers .
It also has holdings in oil group ExxonMobil and oil services firm Halliburton , two firms detested in the wider SRI ( socially responsible investing ) community .
Whatever else one says about Ave Maria , however , one cannot fault the performance of its funds , most of which have outperformed the market as a whole .
There are other funds that espouse more overtly biblically responsible investing .
The Centurion Funds champion " core Christian values " , as do the LKCM Aquinas Funds .
However , these funds are positively touchy - feely compared with " America 's first pro-life , pro-family , biblically based mutual fund group " masterminded by Arthur Ally .
Disillusioned by the mainstream ethical funds that were " just fronts for promoting a new age agenda " , Ally set up the Timothy Plan family of funds in 1994 .
Their goal is to " recapture traditional American values " , which means no messing about with companies that contribute to the " moral decline of our culture , through their involvement in abortion , pornography or active promotion of the homosexual agenda " .
Add in drinking , smoking and gambling , and you 've got a fund with serious principles .
The fund 's website contains a " hall of shame " of approximately 450 companies .
Some of the names - Playboy and the more risqué Private Media Group - are obvious .
Others - GlaxoSmithKline , Microsoft and Disney - are less likely examples of " cultural polluters " .
The fund is particularly scathing of media conglomerate Viacom , which it denounces for its alleged " anti-Christian vitriol " .
The fund recently chastised car giant Ford for " promoting homosexuality over shareholder profits " and linked the company 's record $ 12.7 bn loss in 2006 with its sponsoring of a Gay Pride festival .
Ally protested that the firm had " turned its back " on ordinary Ford drivers .
Like many ethical funds , the Timothy Plan is n't keen on Wal - Mart .
It 's not because of the retailer 's anti-union policies - it is because of the chain 's refusal to " hood " the covers of Cosmopolitan , one of the " most blatantly aggressive soft core pornographic magazines in America " .
Ally and his wife were " shocked " to see the magazine in their local store .
" We simply could not believe our eyes , " he said .
Such soft porn " has this country on a moral slippery slope .
It 's the initiation to hard core pornography ... and worse " .
It may all sound a little loopy but Ally has his followers .
The fund has more than $ 500 m in assets under management - and he has bigger plans still .
" Research suggests that 45 % of American adults are born - again " , Ally writes .
He implicitly accepts that this is a controversial figure - studies tend to show that some 25 - 45 % of US citizens define themselves in this way , depending on how the question is asked - but goes on to say that , if true , " approximately 40 million Christians invest over $ 4 trillion in mutual funds .
Once these Christians discover the collective power they can effectively have on corporate America ... companies like Ford will no longer disregard the concerns of their shareholders . "
Annoyingly for Guardian - reading liberal types , he seems to know what he 's talking about when it comes to stock - picking .
The Timothy Plan was the top - performing faith - based fund in the US last year .
" Timothy 's biggest fund , the Large / Midcap Value fund , returned more than 17 % for the year and has averaged 18.6 % a year for five years , " stated a recent Financial Times article .
Pray silence in Europe
Fundamentalism rather than fundamentals may be the hallmark of some of the US faith - based funds .
In Europe , however , things are much more low - key .
The few funds of this type that do exist are more reluctant than their US counterparts to trumpet their values , with screening measures discreetly tucked away in the fund prospectus .
In the UK , Capita Financial administers the Real Life Fund .
As the name suggests , the fund looks to invest customers ' money in companies " which publicly profess their commitment to pro-life values [ and ] which supply the basic necessities of life . . . "
Investing primarily in the UK , the fund resembles a conventional ethical fund in many ways , steering clear of companies involved in the tobacco , gambling , alcohol and armaments industries .
A number of funds cater to Islamic investors .
Sharia law dictates that Muslims avoid investments linked to the usual suspects - pornography , alcohol , tobacco and gambling .
Manufacturers of pork products are also prohibited , as are financial services companies - Islamic law forbids the practice of usury , or what is more commonly known as interest payments .
In 2002 , the Vatican was involved in the launch of a European index - tracking fund that mirrors Catholic values .
Consisting of 150 stocks , it has reportedly seen strong interest from investors in Italy and Spain .
If you 've seen a Hollywood caper movie in the last 20 years you know the old video - camera - spoofing trick .
That 's where the criminal mastermind taps into a surveillance camera system and substitutes his own video stream , leaving hapless security guards watching an endless loop of absolutely - nothing - happening while the bank robber empties the vault .
Now white - hat hackers have demonstrated a technique that neatly replicates that old standby .
Amir Azam and Adrian Pastor , researchers at London - based security firm ProCheckUp , discovered that they can redirect what video file is played back by an AXIS 2100 surveillance camera , a common industrial security camera that boasts a web interface , allowing guards to monitor a building from anywhere in the world .
Internet voyeurs have already discovered how to use search engines to find and view video of surveillance cameras that are ostensibly private , but this attack seems to be the first that actually lets an outsider control a camera 's playback .
This hack ( . pdf ) works by combining a few vulnerabilities in how the camera 's accompanying software accepts input – a type of security hole known as cross site scripting , or XSS .
In this case , the attacker first sends some malformed information – which is actually JavaScript – to the camera 's web server , which then writes that information to the log files .
When the camera 's administrator checks the logs , the JavaScript executes , creating a new user account and e-mailing the attacker that the new account has been created .
From there the attacker can simply change the HTML on the camera viewing page to secretly point the playback screen to another video file – one that can even be hosted on another web site .
The snag in this scenario is getting the person who administers the camera to check the log files , but Azam and Pastor suggest that could be done by first targeting the camera with a flood of traffic to briefly impede its service .
The camera 's administrator would then likely check the logs to look for error codes , thus inadvertently triggering the exploit .
The sophisticated switcheroo can be seen in this – video , where an Axis 2100 camera 's playback is replaced by a small spinning globe ( you must watch closely to see the change ) .
Web - enabled cameras , such as those sold by Axis , are increasingly popular for security applications since they can be accessed by the administrator from any internet connection , which distinguishes them from more traditional , analog cameras which operate on their own wires and have fewer features .
The AXIS 2100 is an older model that is no longer supported by the maker .
But Azam and Pastor say the vulnerability points to the kind of flaws that can show up on any device attached to a computer network , and that holes in older software may find their way into newer software since companies routinely reuse code .
Fredrik Nilsson , Axis 's general manager in the U.S. , stressed that the Axis 2100 was phased out three years ago and that newer cameras include more advanced security features , such as IP filtering that prevents outside access to cameras .
Nilsson also says that anyone using the cameras for critical tasks should be very aware of their networks .
" If products are being used for true surveillance and security , they should be sitting in a very secure network , " Nilsson said .
The company does not plan to plug the holes in the 2100 , mainly because the camera 's storage space for code is a meager 8 MB , compared to 256 MB in the company 's current line , Nilsson said .
March 14 , 2008  --
The arrest Thursday of a middle school teacher accused of having sex with a teenage student has thrust a Florida school district made famous by Debra Lafave into an uncomfortable yet familiar position .
Stephanie Ragusa , a 28 - year - old special education teacher , was arrested Thursday and charged with five counts of lewd and lascivious battery for what sheriff 's deputies in Hillsborough County described as a consensual sexual relationship with a 14 - year - old male student .
Ragusa 's alleged affair took place between January and May 2007 and included intercourse on at least three occasions and oral sex twice , according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office .
The encounters took place in Ragusa 's Tampa apartment and in the back seat of her Lexus , according to the sheriff 's office .
A school resource officer met with the student , now 15 , after rumors began swirling about an affair involving a teacher .
Detectives then interviewed the teen and his parents .
The teen told authorities that Ragusa had a pair of tattoos on " either side of the groin area " that could only be seen if the teacher was naked .
Under police direction , the teen called Ragusa , who " admitted to the interaction " and also said she knew of the " repercussions for having engaged in the act , " according to the sheriff 's office .
Hillsborough investigators consulted with the state attorney 's office and obtained a warrant for Ragusa 's arrest .
Ragusa , who appeared in court today , is being held at the Hillsborough County Jail without bail .
District Plagued by Sex Scandals
Ragusa was a teacher at Davidsen Middle School last year when the alleged affair took place .
Davidsen is part of the Hillsborough County school district , which has come to know teacher - student sex scandals intimately — in large part thanks to Debra Lafave .
The bombshell blonde , arguably the highest - profile female teacher involved in a student sex scandal this century , also taught at a Hillsborough County middle school , the Greco Middle School .
Lafave is currently serving three years of house arrest and seven years ' probation after pleading guilty to having sex with a 14 - year - old male student during a 2004 affair .
She was 23 at the time .
Lafave violated her probation by discussing her personal life with a 17 - year - old female co-worker at a restaurant , but she avoided prison when a Florida judge ruled in January that her violations were neither " willful nor substantial " enough to merit jail time .
B - Ball Coach Has Lesbian Affair
During the same period as Lafave 's affair , Jaymee Wallace , a math teacher and girls basketball coach at Wharton High School in Hillsborough County , was having a consensual lesbian relationship with a female student basketball player .
The two - year relationship began with a note from Wallace , then 28 , to the student , 14 : " I think you 're attractive .
Do you feel the same ? "
The affair lasted nearly two years , even through Wallace 's marriage .
Wallace was arrested in November 2005 .
The student asked a Florida judge before Wallace 's October 2007 sentencing to spare the woman jail time .
The student 's family , however , told the judge it wanted her to serve at least three years , which is exactly the prison sentence she received — plus three years of probation .
Like Lafave , she also must be registered in a sex offender database .
In October 2007 , Christina Lin Butler , a 33 - year - old special education teacher at Hillsborough County 's Middleton High School , was arrested after admitting to having a sexual relationship with a 16 - year - old male student there .
Police conducting surveillance in Butler 's neighborhood pulled over a Jeep Cherokee that was swerving and traced the vehicle to Butler .
The driver told police that his " friend " Christina had lent him the car , according to ABC News ' Tampa affiliate , and another passenger said the driver was in a relationship with Butler .
Police investigated and arrested Butler after she admitted the sexual relationship to police .
Butler was booked on a single charge of lewd and lascivious conduct with a minor .
She was released from the Hillsborough County Jail after posting a $ 7,500 bond , according to sheriff 's office records .
Butler , a temporary employee , has been suspended without pay and was notified that she will not be offered a position next year , Linda Cobbe , a spokeswoman for the Hillsborough County School District , told ABC News .
In Jail , Suspended From School
Ragusa received a letter in jail Thursday night notifying her that she was suspended with pay , Cobbe said , adding that Hillsborough school superintendent MaryEllen Elia will ask the county 's school board next week to revoke Ragusa 's payment during the suspension .
Ragusa , who was also booked in Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office in July 2005 on a charge of driving under the influence , did not notify school officials of that previous arrest when she applied for a teaching position in August 2006 .
" She apparently falsified information , " Cobbe said , " She checked that she had no prior arrests . "
The suspended teacher has a degree in political science from the University of South Florida , Cobbe said , and had nothing in her application file that would indicate that she was a threat to students .
" There 's no way to predict who is going to enter into an affair with a student , " Cobbe said .
" We certainly did n't know she had tendencies like she 's done . "
Hillsborough School District is the eighth largest school district in the country , Cobbe said , with more than 15,000 teachers , 236 schools and 192,000 students .
A reputation for teachers preying on students is hardly what the school district wants , and Cobbe said that district officials do everything they can to vet employees .
When problems do arise , the school district does not hide .
" We address it every time it happens , " Cobbe said , describing ethics classes every teacher must take that address inappropriate relationships with students .
" We do n't stand for it . "
Cobbe did acknowledge that the district , like all others in Florida , is required by the state to have a certain number of teachers per students , a mandate that means a lot of hiring in what until recently was a very fast - growing county .
" We have a few teachers who have been accused of crimes that are unconscionable , " Cobbe said .
" We have more than 15,000 teachers who are dedicated and trustworthy . "
Op / Ed : At one point , they called it ' water torture '
RAW STORY
Published : Sunday February 10 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
As the Bush Administration quibbles over whether or not the interrogation practice known as waterboarding can be considered torture under the Geneva Convention , one veteran speaks definitively in today 's Washington Post .
" As someone who has experienced waterboarding , albeit in a controlled setting , I know that the act is indeed torture , " opens Richard E. Mezo .
Stationed in California in 1963 , Mezo describes what he went through as part of his Navy training , which included being placed in a simulated POW camp that was modeled on encounters with Korean and Chinese forces .
" As a nation , " Mezo appeals , " we must ask our leaders , elected and appointed , to be aware of such horrors ; we must ask them to stop the narrow and superficial thinking that hinges upon " legal " definitions and to use common sense . "
" Waterboarding is torture , " he concludes , " and torture is clearly a crime against humanity . "
EXCERPTS : # We were all interrogated a few times , some of us more than others .
During one interrogation , I was led blindfolded into a room .
Suddenly one of the " enemy " hit me hard in the stomach -- a sucker punch that left me doubled over , out of breath .
I think three other people were present , but I was never sure .
Two men grabbed me at my sides .
They put a pole of some kind under my knees and bent me over backward .
My head went down lower than the rest of my body .
The questions ( What is your unit ?
Where are you from ? ) were asked by one man .
But we were not supposed to talk .
I remember that the blindfold was heavy and completely covered my face .
As the two men held me down , one on each side , someone began pouring water onto the blindfold , and suddenly I was drowning .
The water streamed into my nose and then into my mouth when I gasped for breath .
I could n't stop it .
All I could breathe was water , and it was terrifying .
I think I began to lose consciousness .
I felt my lungs begin to fill with burning liquid .
Even though I knew that I was in a military facility and that my " captors " would not kill me , no matter what they threatened , my body sensed and reacted to the danger it was in .
Adrenaline helped me to fight out of the position the men were holding me in .
I can't really explain how I managed to stand up , still with one man clinging to each arm .
I only know how horrible it was .
The experience was probably only a few minutes , but to me it seemed much longer .
#
The entire article is available HERE .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Senator John McCain hailed as a spiritual adviser an Ohio megachurch pastor who has called upon Christians to wage a “ war ” against the “ false religion ” of Islam with the aim of destroying it .
On February 26 , McCain appeared at a campaign rally in Cincinnati with the Reverend Rod Parsley of the World Harvest Church of Columbus , a supersize Pentecostal institution that features a 5,200 - seat sanctuary , a television studio ( where Parsley tapes a weekly show ) , and a 122,000 - square - foot Ministry Activity Center .
That day , a week before the Ohio primary , Parsley praised the Republican presidential front - runner as a “ strong , true , consistent conservative . ”
The endorsement was important for McCain , who at the time was trying to put an end to the lingering challenge from former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee , a favorite among Christian evangelicals .
A politically influential figure in Ohio , Parsley could also play a key role in McCain ’s effort to win this bellwether state in the general election .
McCain , with Parsley by his side at the Cincinnati rally , called the evangelical minister a “ spiritual guide . ”
The leader of a 12,000 - member congregation , Parsley has written several books outlining his fundamentalist religious outlook , including the 2005 Silent No More .
In this work , Parsley decries the “ spiritual desperation ” of the United States , and he blasts away at the usual suspects : activist judges , civil libertarians who advocate the separation of church and state , the homosexual “ culture ” ( “ homosexuals are anything but happy and carefree ” ) , the “ abortion industry , ” and the crass and profane entertainment industry .
And Parsley targets another profound threat to the United States : the religion of Islam .
In a chapter titled “ Islam : The Deception of Allah , ” Parsley warns there is a “ war between Islam and Christian civilization . ”
He continues :
I cannot tell you how important it is that we understand the true nature of Islam , that we see it for what it really is .
In fact , I will tell you this : I do not believe our country can truly fulfill its divine purpose until we understand our historical conflict with Islam .
I know that this statement sounds extreme , but I do not shrink from its implications .
The fact is that America was founded , in part , with the intention of seeing this false religion destroyed , and I believe September 11 , 2001 , was a generational call to arms that we can no longer ignore .
Parsley is not shy about his desire to obliterate Islam .
In Silent No More , he notes — approvingly — that Christopher Columbus shared the same goal : “ It was to defeat Islam , among other dreams , that Christopher Columbus sailed to the New World in 1492 … Columbus dreamed of defeating the armies of Islam with the armies of Europe made mighty by the wealth of the New World .
It was this dream that , in part , began America . ”
He urges his readers to realize that a confrontation between Christianity and Islam is unavoidable : “ We find now we have no choice .
The time has come . ”
And he has bad news : “ We may already be losing the battle .
As I scan the world , I find that Islam is responsible for more pain , more bloodshed , and more devastation than nearly any other force on earth at this moment . ”
Parsley claims that Islam is an “ anti-Christ religion ” predicated on “ deception . ”
The Muslim prophet Muhammad , he writes , “ received revelations from demons and not from the true God . ”
And he emphasizes this point : “ Allah was a demon spirit . ”
Parsley does not differentiate between violent Islamic extremists and other followers of the religion :
There are some , of course , who will say that the violence I cite is the exception and not the rule .
I beg to differ .
I will counter , respectfully , that what some call “ extremists ” are instead mainstream believers who are drawing from the well at the very heart of Islam .
The spirit of Islam , he maintains , is one of hostility .
He asserts that the religion “ inspired ” the 9/11 attacks .
He bemoans the fact that in the years after 9/11 , 34,000 Americans “ have become Muslim ” and that there are “ some 1,209 mosques ” in America .
Islam , he declares , is a “ faith that fully intends to conquer the world ” through violence .
The United States , he insists , “ has historically understood herself as a bastion against Islam , ” but “ history is crashing in upon us . ”
At the end of his chapter on Islam , Parsley asks , “ Are we a Christian nation ?
I say yes . ”
Without specifying what actions should be taken to eradicate the religion , he essentially calls for a new crusade .
Parsley , who refers to himself as a “ Christocrat , ” is no stranger to controversy .
In 2007 , the grassroots organization he founded , the Center for Moral Clarity , called for prosecuting people who commit adultery .
In January , he compared Planned Parenthood to Nazis .
In the past Parsley ’s church has been accused of engaging in pro-Republican partisan activities in violation of its tax - exempt status .
Why would McCain court Parsley ?
He has long had trouble figuring out how to deal with Christian fundamentalists , an important bloc for the Republican Party .
During his 2000 presidential bid , he referred to Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell as “ agents of intolerance . ”
But six years later , as he readied himself for another White House run , McCain repudiated that remark .
More recently , his campaign hit a rough patch when he accepted the endorsement of the Reverend John Hagee , a Texas televangelist who has called the Catholic Church “ the great whore ” and a “ false cult system . ”
After the Catholic League protested and called on McCain to renounce Hagee ’s support , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee praised Hagee ’s spiritual leadership and support of Israel and said that “ when [ Hagee ] endorses me , it does not mean that I embrace everything that he stands for or believes in . ”
After being further criticized for his Hagee connection , McCain backed off slightly , saying , “ I repudiate any comments that are made , including Pastor Hagee ’s , if they are anti-Catholic or offensive to Catholics . ”
But McCain did not renounce Hagee ’s endorsement .
McCain ’s relationship with Parsley is politically significant .
In 2004 , Parsley ’s church was credited with driving Christian fundamentalist voters to the polls for George W. Bush .
With Ohio expected to again be a decisive state in the presidential contest , Parsley ’s World Harvest Church and an affiliated entity called Reformation Ohio , which registers voters , could be important players within this battleground state .
Considering that the Ohio Republican Party has been decimated by various political scandals and that a popular Democrat , Ted Strickland , is now the state ’s governor , McCain and the Republicans will need all the help they can get in the Buckeye State this fall .
It ’s a real question : Can McCain win the presidency without Parsley ?
The McCain campaign did not respond to a request for comment regarding Parsley and his anti-Islam writings .
Parsley did not return a call seeking comment .
“ The last thing I want to be is another screaming voice moving people to extremes and provoking them to folly in the name of patriotism , ” Parsley writes in Silent No More .
Provoking people to holy war is another matter .
About that , McCain so far is silent .
Shihab Tamimi died of a heart attack after being shot on Saturday
He was shot in the chest on Saturday by gunmen in the capital Baghdad .
A spokesman for the journalists ' union said he died of a heart attack .
An independent journalist working for many local newspapers , he was a fierce critic of Iraq 's sectarian violence .
Since the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , 270 Iraqi journalists have been killed , the Iraqi Media Safety Group says .
Mar 13
It is with great pleasure that we share that our very own Attorney Rebekah Perlstein has been named to the 2020 Texas Rising Stars ...
Exclusive : Cheney Cites ' Major Success ' in Iraq , Says U.S. Has Hit ' Rough Patch '
In ABC exclusive , vice president discusses war abroad and uncertainty at home .
March 19 , 2008  --
Five years after the start of the war in Iraq , Vice President Dick Cheney offered a positive assessment of the current situation and called last year 's troop surge a " major success . "
" On the security front , I think there 's a general consensus that we 've made major progress , that the surge has worked .
That 's been a major success , " Cheney told ABC News ' Martha Raddatz during an exclusive interview in Oman .
Watch " World News with Charles Gibson " tonight at 6:30 p.m. ET for the full report .
When asked how that assessment comports with recent polls that show about two - thirds of Americans say the fight in Iraq is not worth it , Cheney replied , " So ? "
" You do n't care what the American people think ? " Raddatz asked the vice president .
" You ca n't be blown off course by polls , " said Cheney , who is currently on a tour of the Middle East .
" This president is very courageous and determined to go the course .
There has been a huge fundamental change and transformation for the better .
That 's a huge accomplishment . "
Despite that , he says the Iraqi government has made " some progress , not as much as we would like , " citing specifically hydrocarbons law and provincial powers legislation as two bills stalling in passage .
The War's Final Cost
Since the war began , nearly 4,000 U.S. troops have been killed and more than 29,000 have been injured in the war , which has so far cost the United States roughly $ 600 billion , according to the Pentagon .
Cheney said he was unsure how he would have involved the nation to a greater degree .
Pressed on the question of what sacrifice most Americans have made to the war effort , Cheney touted the strength of a volunteer force , pushing away the idea of an instituted draft .
" I suppose you could have created a sense of sacrifice if you 'd gone back to the draft , but that would have , in my opinion , done serious damage to the state of our military , " Cheney said .
Cheney aligned sacrifice with war funding .
" Obviously , we 've expended considerable public funds on this enterprise , and those are funds that could have been used for some other purpose .
But we think this is the most important use we could put them to .
The country has , in fact , supported financially the endeavors we 've been involved in . "
By some estimates , the war will end up costing Americans anywhere between $ 2 trillion and $ 4 trillion .
Citing an insurgency that lasted longer than anticipated , Cheney said five years ago there was no way " to estimate what the final cost would be . "
" In any major enterprise or conflict like this once it starts , you cannot predict with precision exactly what course it 's going to follow , " Cheney said , emphasizing he 's " not sure how " the aftermath in Iraq could have been better predicted .
' We Have to Get It Done '
Asked how long it will continue , Cheney said , " You do it as long as you have to until you get it right .
You do n't quit because it gets hard . "
Pressed for a timeline , Cheney stressed , " I do n't know how long it 's going to take .
I do know we have to get it done .
And if it takes a long time .
That does n't make it any less worthwhile .
This has been a hard - fought , difficult , challenging thing for us to do , but we kept at it because it 's the right thing to do . "
Quitting two years ago would have meant chaos , Cheney said .
" Certainly , it would have been a much worse situation from the standpoint of the Iraqi people . "
" It is hard .
It has been difficult .
No question it 's been costly , in terms of treasure and life but it 's worth it .
And we are going to get it right , " Cheney said .
Economy 's ' Rough Patch '
Cheney also touched on the current state of the economy , admitting , " We 're clearly going through a rough patch . "
But the Bush administration has not said the United States is experiencing a recession .
Cheney said that the downturn can be blamed in part on natural economic cycles , pushing back on the idea that any one of the administration 's specific policies were responsible for it .
" We 've had , prior to that , 52 months of uninterrupted economic growth , " he said .
" Now , of course , we 've got problems in the housing industry , mortgage - backed securities and so forth that have created problems that we 're having to deal with . "
Taking Stock of '08
Supporting Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , in November , Cheney said he'd do everything he could to help the Arizona senator but held back his thoughts on the Democratic race .
Asked about Sen. Barack Obama 's speech on race , Cheney said , " One of the things I 've avoided so far is getting in the middle of the Democratic presidential primary process .
And I think I 'll stay there . "
Cheney said he had no reaction to American troops who support Obama 's position on withdrawing from Iraq voting for the Illinois senator .
" They 're a broad cross section of America .
I think they 've overwhelmingly supported the mission .
Every single one of them is a volunteer , " Cheney said .
National Democrats are upbeat about their chances in Election 2008 , citing George W. Bush ’s unpopularity and the weirdness of top Republican presidential candidates bogged down in squabbles over who has the right religious outlook or who is the most hostile to illegal immigrants .
But the smug Democratic hierarchy may be inviting defeat , again , by ignoring the fact that many Americans want leadership that appeals to them on the higher plane of principle .
Instead , Democrats often treat Americans more like consumers than citizens , selling them new social programs rather than articulating an uplifting national cause .
Sen .
Hillary Clinton of New York summed up this consumer - over - citizen approach when she announced her health care plan on Sept. 17 :
" We can talk all we want about freedom and opportunity , about life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness , but what does all that mean to a mother or father who can't take a sick child to the doctor ? "
[ Boston Globe , Sept. 18 , 2007 ]
Perhaps a different question might be : why would a presidential candidate see the founding principles of the United States as somehow at odds with the desire of parents to want health care for their children ?
With her dubious dichotomy , Sen .
Clinton suggests that it ’s an either - or situation – and that the founding principles must take a backseat to health - care policy .
One outgrowth of this pragmatism - not - principle approach is that national Democrats have shied away from rallying the American people around the ideals of the Republic , even when they have been under assault by Bush and his administration .
These Democratic leaders do n’t seem to think that ephemeral notions – like checks and balances , the rule of law , and inalienable rights – matter that much to the average Joe .
In this view , health insurance and other social benefits should trump all .
Iraq War Sellout
Congressional Democrats have operated in a similar fashion , teasing the American public with promises to stop the Iraq War but then treating the issue as just another bargaining chip , albeit one covered in the blood of nearly 3,900 American soldiers and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis .
While many Americans oppose the Iraq
War on grounds of morality or as a matter of legal principle , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D - Maryland , told the Washington Post that Democratic leaders were ready to drop their promise to deny Bush any more blank checks for the war if they can get another $ 11 billion for domestic programs .
“ Everybody knows he [ Bush ] has no intention of signing anything without money for Iraq , unfettered without constraints , ” Hoyer said .
“ I think that ’s ultimately going to be the result . ”
[ Washington Post , Dec. 8 , 2007 ]
Ironically , however , the Republicans are now so accustomed to the Democrats caving in on Iraq War funding that the White House is signaling that it has no intention of giving the Democrats anything extra for their predictable collapse .
Bush seems prepared to veto the domestic spending – and pocket another Iraq War blank check .
In contrast to this ever - waffling Democratic leadership , the Republicans do understand the political value of appealing to Americans on a higher plane .
The GOP – the party of tax cuts for the rich – has convinced millions of average Americans to vote against their own financial interests in order to advance their principles , from protecting gun rights to outlawing abortion to breaking down the barriers between church and state .
The Republican CNN / YouTube debate on Nov. 28 was dominated by questions and answers that emphasized right - wing goals over programmatic details .
Though one may disagree with those priorities , they do go beyond the voter ’s pocketbook and address a larger purpose for the nation .
Fear of Flying
National Democrats have been reluctant to engage on this higher plane for many years , beyond occasional feel - good speeches stressing non-controversial values like community and inclusiveness .
The Democrats shy away from standing up for constitutional principles , possibly because they see these concepts too abstract for common citizens .
Democrats have been weak , too , in understanding the value of truth in a democracy .
Even when a Republican administration is on the hot seat , the Democrats have shown a proclivity to trade away a difficult showdown over accountability for some votes on domestic programs .
In 1993 , the incoming Clinton administration and the Democratic majorities in the House and Senate helped Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush sweep under the rug the full story about national security scandals , such as the Iran - Contra Affair and the Iraq - gate scandal , both involving secret military shipments to the Middle East .
President Bill Clinton later explained that he felt it was more important to build goodwill with Republicans whose help he needed on domestic programs than to pursue the truth about those historical issues .
[ For details , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
As it turned out , Clinton got no help from the Republicans on his domestic agenda and no reciprocity when it came to Clinton ’s own scandals .
The Republicans won control of Congress in 1994 by rallying their base around the issue of Clinton ’s immorality .
In 1998 , Clinton was impeached by the Republican - controlled House for lying about a sexual relationship and – although acquitted by the Senate – his reputation was forever tarred .
As Republicans hammered away at Clinton ’s ethical lapses , the Democratic counter - argument boiled down to : Gee , look at the booming economy .
But that pocketbook self - interest was n’t enough to save the Democrats in Campaign 2000 .
Texas Gov. George W. Bush managed to overcome public doubts about his competence by stressing his supposed commitment to restore “ honor and decency ” to the Oval Office .
That pledge – along with fond memories of the elder George Bush and some artificial scandals about Al Gore ’s integrity – got Bush close enough to snatch the White House , while Republicans also continued to dominate Congress through 2006 .
[ For details , see our new book , Neck Deep . ]
Public Outrage
Finally , in Campaign 2006 , the Democrats started giving voice to the public ’s outrage over the lies that had justified the U.S. invasion of Iraq .
Millions of Americans also were alarmed by how brazenly Bush was trampling the nation ’s constitutional liberties by asserting his “ plenary ” or unlimited powers as Commander in Chief .
Trying to salvage the congressional Republican majorities , Bush played the fear card again and again on the campaign trail , essentially arguing that he would keep Americans safe so they could comfortably go shopping at the mall .
In effect , the principle v. self - interest balance tilted toward the Democrats .
They were the ones with the more idealistic vision of the United States as a brave nation that would not surrender its Constitution in the face of fear .
The election result was a surprising victory for the Democrats as they won back control of the House and the Senate .
Rank - and - file Democratic activists began demanding that their new majorities stand tough against Bush ’s open - ended war in Iraq and seek his impeachment if he continued his abrogation of constitutional powers .
But the Inside - the - Beltway Democratic consultants quickly began to reassert their influence over the national party .
They called on the leaders to shelve proposals for curtailing the Iraq War and throw out any notion of impeachment , instead pushing for “ kitchen - table ” issues like raising the minimum wage .
" People are not looking to their individual members of Congress to solve the Iraq War , " said Democratic pollster Celinda Lake .
" For the House to be focused on it now would look like partisan bickering rather than getting on with the people 's business . "
Lake ’s view of the Iraq War as a diversion was shared by several leading Democrats in Congress , including Hoyer and Rep. Rahm Emanuel of Illinois .
Referring to Bush ’s Iraq War “ surge ” and the need to focus on the Democratic domestic agenda , Emanuel said , " I know where support for more troops is , and I know where support is for the minimum - wage increase . ”
[ Washington Post , Jan. 8 , 2007 ]
But Democratic grassroots outrage forced the congressional leadership at least to pay lip service to stopping the war .
So , the Democrats conducted what amounted to a phony legislative battle , putting up some symbolic anti-war resolutions and trying to attach timelines to war funding bills .
When faced with Republican filibusters or a Bush veto , however , the Democrats ran up the white flag .
Instead of conducting their own filibuster to block another blank check for the war , the Democrats surrendered .
On the constitutional front , not only did they keep impeachment “ off the table , ” as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi had said , the Democrats failed to mount any sustained investigations of Bush ’s high - handed abuse of his powers .
Rather than launch Fulbright - style investigations of the disastrous Iraq War , Sen . Joe Biden , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , chose to make an unlikely run for President .
Other committee chairmen held some scattershot hearings but nothing sustained and comprehensive .
Even with the new revelations that Bush ’s CIA destroyed videotapes of alleged torture of terror suspects , the Democrats have mostly confined themselves to calls for the Bush administration to investigate itself .
To put it mildly , the Democratic behavior over the past year has not been inspirational .
[ For more on this pattern , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Democrats ’ Year of Living Fecklessly . ” ]
Edgy Base
Now , the Democratic leaders are acting as if they ’ll be guaranteed more seats in Congress and a return to the White House if they do n’t offend anybody over the next 11 months .
But the Democratic base is edgy .
They ’ve seen this wishful thinking before – and it usually ends up with another muddled Democratic campaign and another Republican victory .
Since Hillary Clinton is seen as a chief practitioner of this politics of principle - avoidance , many rank - and - file Democrats are turning against her .
Some would have preferred Al Gore , who combines a depth of experience on key issues like the environment with the foresight to have opposed Bush on the Iraq War and his assault on the Constitution .
But Gore has opted for a life as an acclaimed private citizen .
That has caused many Democrats who are uncomfortable with Sen.
Clinton ’s obsessive pragmatism to shift toward Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois , despite his limited experience and his own tendency toward conciliation over conflict .
While Obama received high marks for his eloquent keynote address to the Democratic convention in 2004 , it was striking , too , in its failure to criticize Bush by name or to articulate why the country should fire its sitting President .
As other Democrats joined Obama in pulling their punches , John Kerry emerged from the convention with an extraordinary zero bounce .
Still , a growing number of rank - and - file Democrats appear ready to gamble now on what they hope will be an uplifting Obama candidacy , over the prospect of a grim - and - grinding Hillary Clinton campaign .
More than anything , many in the Democratic base want to send a message to the Democratic leadership that –regardless of what the professional pollsters might say – principles do matter to Americans .
_______
About author Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Secrecy & Privilege : Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq , can be ordered at Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth . '
Robert Parry 's web site is Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , , can be ordered at secrecyandprivilege.com .
It 's also available at Amazon.com , as is his 1999 book , Robert Parry 's web site is Consortium News
They had bartered with the local Afghans , swapping pens for cooking oil , potatoes and cans of Coca - Cola .
This was the last supper , they joked , and the chips , fried in large ammunition tins set over flammable blocks , were , they said , " the sweetest you could ever taste " .
That night 's operation - to push the Taliban farther south towards the Pakistani border - would be their very last of the tour , before the next day 's handover to the Grenadier Guards .
It would end up being one of the most intense single firefights undergone by any British army unit serving in Afghanistan in the past six years , leaving two soldiers dead and seven injured , three very seriously .
The chips were served with a pot of ravioli , put away for a special occasion , mixed with anything edible lying around .
It beat army rations by a long shot .
A drill was converted into an electric whisk and dessert was pink Angel Delight sent by one soldier 's mother .
The next day A ( Grenadier ) Company , the 2nd Battalion the Mercian Regiment ( Worcesters and Foresters ) , was due to leave the perilous Garmsir area in southern Helmand province and fly up to the relative comfort and safety of the British army base at Camp Bastion .
From there they would fly home , bringing to an end their six - month tour .
A Company was close - knit , but the lads of 1 Platoon felt they had such a special bond they nicknamed themselves the Spartans - " because we really are warriors " .
Some had gone as far as burning an S into their calves , their branding tool improvised with scavenged wire heated over a naked flame , videoing the ceremony for posterity .
Most of the soldiers had just come into Forward Operating Base Delhi after weeks in outlying positions where they were being shot at and rocketed around 10 to 15 times a day .
Out there they slept in their body armour , so the chance to pull on flip - flops and shorts and take a breather in the 50C heat was a relief .
Some helped with peeling the potatoes , others sat around listening to iPods , fiddling with night vision equipment or just taking some quiet time out .
But the atmosphere was a little edgy : a soldier becomes more superstitious during the final days .
" It 's like going to a casino ; every time you roll the dice , you 're raising the probability of getting hit .
Towards the end of a tour , you get probability compression , " says Major Simon Boyle , the company 's current commander .
" You do n't want to be the last bloke to die . "
That night , 1 Platoon Sergeant Michael Lockett felt it , too .
" I had been to the sergeant major , " Lockett says .
" We had a brew and a fag and we said , ' Summat 's just not right . '
Little things like that were building up in people 's minds .
They were confident and they knew what they were doing , but they were still worried . "
After eating , it was time to get ready for battle .
They got kitted up and camouflaged their faces with green , brown and black paint .
As they waited , Private Matthew Carlin began chanting his unofficial company song , to the tune of When The Saints : " Go into war , / Go into war , / With A Company , / A Company is going to war , / We 're gonna beat and kill the ragheads , / A Company is going to war . "
Carlin , 22 , becomes embarrassed belting it out now , some months later , in the mess in Cavalry Barracks in Hounslow , but through his blushes he admits that that night he really was a morale booster .
" We all formed a circle , about 40 of us , and everyone who wanted to make a tit of themselves got in the circle and started break - dancing and stuff in the sand , and everyone was there whistling with their head torches flashing on and off , creating a sort of disco , " he says .
" Everyone was just having a right laugh .
The whole company was singing the song at the top of their voices .
I would stand in the middle and shout it out , and the whole company would repeat it back , with clapping effects as well . "
The officers and NCOs stood on the sidelines , smiling at the soldiers , many of them just 18 , as they took turns to rap and break - dance to the crowd .
" I was the party pooper who had to tell them to get their kit sorted and do a last - minute check on them , " says Lockett , 27 .
" I checked the numbers .
Suddenly the mood was very quiet and battle discipline was at a maximum .
As we left camp , I shouted , ' You all right , lads , everything all right ?
Happy days . ' "
It was last light on Saturday September 7 2007 when A Company marched out of the gates of their base with three platoons of between 22 and 25 soldiers each .
Their mission , Operation Pechtaw , was part of a bigger push on the Taliban , which would take the British army farther south than it had ever been - with 1 Platoon at the head .
The Garmsir area is close to the border with Pakistan , and the Taliban is said use this frontier as a blooding ground for new fighters before they are moved north to the Upper Sangin Valley .
" Down there , it 's a lot like the first world war , with our forward lines , the enemy forward lines and no man 's land .
The enemy would come into no man 's land to attack us , " says 1 Platoon commander , Lieutenant Simon Cupples , 25 , also known as Boss .
" We would go to the edge of no man 's land to the enemy 's forward line , clear it and destroy it .
The aim was to push back the Taliban and make it safer for the British taking over from us in Garmsir . "
They had to go less than 1 km from base , but it was pitch black and there were massive irrigation ditches to negotiate .
Fanning out , the platoons began clearing deserted farms and old agricultural compounds , moving west to east from locations they dubbed Stripped Wood and Three Walls towards Snowdon , a large hill from where the Taliban had launched numerous attacks over the past six months and where they were believed to keep weapons and ammunition .
On the southern - most flank was 1 Platoon .
It was nearly midnight .
Having reached no man 's land , they had just gone firm , positioning themselves flat on the ground , when machine guns opened up on them from 30 metres away .
Four men in the seven - man section , including the section commander , Corporal Lee Weston , were directly hit , others were temporarily blinded by phosphorous and disoriented .
It was nearing midnight .
Not only were they being attacked by bullets and rocket - propelled grenades , but the Taliban were hitting the platoon with " some kind of Chinese firecracker , like a catherine wheel " .
The air filled with smoke and sand billowed up .
The soldiers could see nothing - when Cupples put down his rifle for a second , he had to grope to find it again .
Then , just when he did n't want to be seen , the Taliban would fire over a mini-flare to illuminate their targets .
Cupples laughs now at the memory : " I had to stamp them out with my boot , and I was thinking , ' This is crazy , I 'm fighting for my life and I 'm trying to put out a fire . ' "
Lockett recalls : " There were people going everywhere .
You do n't know if they are falling over or getting down , you do n't know what 's going on .
There was five or 10 seconds of massive confusion .
The next thing I know , I 'm being picked up off the ground - I had been knocked unconscious .
The rounds were literally going past my face .
I remember getting back up and not being able to see anything and then my vision slowly coming round . "
Carlin was next to him and when he saw Lockett going down he thought he had been hit .
" All hell broke loose - explosions going off all around .
I was just lying in a prone position .
A round hit Lockett 's foot and just put him on his arse .
I was really scared at this point .
The only way I can describe it is like being in a car crash , but the feeling lasted for hours and you can't get rid of it .
I really thought I was going to die .
The enemy fire was unbelievable .
Everyone thinks the Taliban are just some bums with AK47s , but they are really good soldiers . "
The ferocity of the Taliban 's attack had taken them all aback .
Cupples went straight on to his radio , desperately telling his commanding officer back at base what was happening , trying to work out which of his men were down and where .
" Suddenly we were in the enemy 's killing area .
The bullets were winging everywhere . "
Everyone was shouting and screaming to get back .
Private Johan Botha , a South African who had joined the British army four years earlier , could not be located .
Nor could his fellow soldiers , privates Sam Cooper and Luke Cole .
Over the screaming chaos , soldiers remember Botha 's distinctive Afrikaans accent on their personal role radios ( PRR ) , shouting , " Boss , please do n't leave me . "
Cole , who had been shot in the leg , could also be heard shrieking : " They 're coming to get him . "
Cole - a territorial army soldier who was a forklift truck engineer back home - later described how he could see shadows moving and , convinced the Taliban were trying to pull Botha away to their trench , he kept shooting .
Rupert Bowers , a 20 - year - old second lieutenant who had finished training just before arriving in Afghanistan the week before the attack , was shadowing Cupples .
" I saw the muzzle flash from a single - shot weapon .
I got down on to my knee , the Taliban illuminated himself with his own muzzle .
I fired two shots .
I heard screaming , then he stopped . "
Beside him , Corporal Ben Umney was reeling after a bullet pierced his helmet and , somehow , stopped short of his skull .
Bowers gave him his weapon and set about throwing water into the eyes of privates Kyle Drury and Ben Johnston to get rid of the phosphorus , before dragging them into a ditch .
In that ditch lay Lockett , massively disoriented .
" Everything was just crazy , " he says .
" I spent a good 10 - 15 minutes accounting for people .
I was literally on my back at this time .
I just kept talking to my blokes , saying , ' We 're all right , keep your fucking heads down , lads , and wait out for my QBOs [ quick battle orders ] ' .
I told all of them to check fire - I must have shouted it about 30 times - because we did n't know where any of our lads were and we did n't want a blue - on - blue [ friendly - fire incident ] .
I knew I had casualties and I had to sort out the casevac [ casualty evacuation ] party .
I went down the line shouting for volunteers , but I did n't want to take too many men out and lose men to retrieve men . "
While Lockett tried to account for casualties in the ditch , Cupples was still out in no man 's land , looking for Cooper , Cole and Botha .
Being a commander , it was imperative he moved away from the front of the frontline .
" It was n't happening like I wanted it to happen , " he says .
Cupples shouted to Cole to crawl towards him .
At that moment the private was shot again , in the stomach , leaving his bowels protruding .
" He was crawling slowly away from the enemy , " Cupples says .
" He was saying , ' Look , I ca n't do it . '
I was encouraging him to talk , but he 's now shouting and drawing fire , and I had to tell him to shut the fuck up . "
Lockett roared at Cupples through the PRR that he had to come back to the ditch and reassess from there .
" But I did n't want to leave three blokes on the ground .
I said to Cole , ' Do n't worry , I 'm sorting it out for you , we have got other sections that are coming to help us . '
I had to tell him I was going .
For someone injured , to see the platoon commander get up and run off , that would distress him a lot .
I said , ' Do n't worry , I 'm coming back for you , keep your rifle with you , I wo n't be gone long . '
It 's quite a hard thing to do .
You 're then leaving him to fend for himself , and he is very close to the enemy . "
When Cupples got back to the ditch , Lockett had the rescue party sorted out .
Lockett and Bowers were to go together and Cupples would take lance corporals Jonathan McEwan and David Chandler .
They all moved forward in a " run , crawl , walk " .
Lockett describes it : " We would run and draw fire .
It was inevitable they were going to see us coming .
We needed to cover as much ground as fast as we could .
So it was literally a mad dash for it , then get down and start crawling . "
Lockett and Bowers spotted Cooper and Cole 30 to 40 metres away .
Zigzagging to avoid gunfire , they ran towards them .
Lockett says , " I was shouting to Cole , ' Get the fuck over here , you need to get the fuck over here . '
I was absolutely fucking gobbing at him , egging him on : ' As soon as you get to me , you 're out of the line of fire . '
He was making his way towards me with a morphine autojet , shouting , ' Put this in me ' , but he was n't a massive casualty at this point and I was saying , ' No , I have n't got fucking time , I 've got fire coming in and I 've got to get Cooper . '
I said , ' As soon as we get 10 m away , I will smash you with that morphine . '
If we moved , we were going to get hit .
I had a lifespan of about two seconds there . "
Cooper , the youngest soldier in the regiment having only just turned 18 , looked dead .
Bowers had him by the hand , which was stone - cold , and he could smell blood .
" We were shaking him and there was a bit of gurgling and he did n't look fucking good , " Lockett says .
He got his Leatherman knife out of his pocket and began cutting off Cooper 's kit .
Then Bowers , a tall , thin man , got ready to take the private 's limp body on his shoulders .
" Just as I got up to run , a bullet came really close .
I did a weird sort of crawling motion , then stood up again and ran with him on my back , " Bowers says .
" Another bullet came dangerously close and I went face first .
I got him to the ditch .
Me and Corporal Umney then tried to get a response out of Cooper .
I said , ' Cooper , have you got a girlfriend ? '
Someone said , ' Has she got big tits ? '
And he lashed out and punched Umney - that was the only response he gave that night . "
Meanwhile , Cole had also been dragged back to the ditch , where he was given morphine .
The company medic , Private Lee Stacey , looked at Cooper 's head and saw the extent of his injuries .
Some of his brain seemed to be protruding from his skull .
Having pushed it back in , Stacey wound the bandage round and then Bowers dragged him back the short distance to Three Walls .
Three Walls is just what the name suggests - three low mud walls , the remnants of a compound , that provided a little shelter behind their forward lines .
There were at one point about 50 men taking cover there .
Carlin remembers it well .
" I was flapping - I would n't lie , I was really shitting myself .
Then an RPG went through the wall .
My mates were still out there and there was nothing I could do .
This was my first proper , proper firefight . "
Sergeant Major Peter Lewis and the company doctor arrived at the scene in Viking armoured personnel carriers .
Lewis had brought more ammunition as it was running short on the field .
They began extracting casualties , triaging them from T1 , life - threatening injuries , to T3 , walking casualties .
So far there were no T4s - dead .
Back at the ditch , Cupples was calling in fire support and mortars , the aim being to clear the Taliban trench .
But , landing only 20 metres away , the rounds were heart - stoppingly close .
" At this point , the enemy was starting to regroup .
I knew they were hurting quite a lot now , but they had got the upper hand initially .
We had superior firepower support , too .
We could hear them screaming .
" At this point the firing slowed down .
You could hear a lot of movement in their trenches , you could hear them coming round to the left , that 's when they were trying to outflank us .
They started to put down fire at us here .
Now that they were trying to regroup , the risk became too great - we did n't have enough firepower to cover us . "
Back at base Major Jamie Nowell , commander of A Company , asked 3 Platoon to provide covering fire and to extract Botha from the killing zone , dead or alive .
" At that time we classed him missing in action , " Cupples says .
" We just did n't know . "
Craig Brelsford was 3 Platoon 's sergeant - Lockett 's opposite number and a friend .
" I said to him , ' Brelsy , mate , Botha is up there , can you bring the big man back for me ? '
He 's like , ' Do n't worry , we 'll get him . '
I promised at the beginning of that tour that I would bring everyone back .
I wanted them to know , ' I will be in your back pocket ' ; I wanted them to think , ' If anything happens , I 'll be all right , Locky will be here in seconds , ' " Lockett says .
Three or four minutes later the shout went out , " Man down , man down " , over the radio .
Brelsford had been shot in the neck .
Meanwhile air support had been called in to drop 227 kg ( 500 lb ) bombs on the Taliban positions , and A Company had 10 - 15 seconds to get under cover .
" We were sat against the wall , with our heads between our knees and they gave us a quick countdown , " Lockett says .
" Stace , who had been a blinding medic all night , had seen that one of the lads was upset and very scared about what was going on , so he lay on top of him to cover him and give him a bit of reassurance .
All you can hear are the massive screeches of the planes coming in .
It 's low and it 's fast and you 'll not see ; it 's a blur .
The second 500 - pounder had knocked a bit of wall off and it landed on Stacey 's neck .
Next thing we heard ' man down , man down ' .
Stacey had been hit .
He was walking and we got him on the Viking and out of harm 's way . "
They were ordered to retreat to base .
It was almost 6.30 am and light was approaching .
Even with the use of thermal sights , aircraft could see no sign of Botha 's body .
It was feared that the private was now in the Taliban trench or held captive at Snowdon .
Back at camp , the soldiers took off their body armour and helmets .
" I had 25 of my platoon walk out the gate that night and I had 16 walk back in - I had lost Botha and eight of my boys were injured , " Lockett says .
" The lads split up into their own little groups .
I could see that everyone was massively upset .
There were lads absolutely in tears .
We did n't know where Botha was . "
Lockett gathered his soldiers around him .
" I said , ' Right , boys , close in , I need eight volunteers to go out and bring the big man back .
If you do n't want to come out , I will fully understand , but bear in mind he went out there with you . '
Nearly everyone volunteered . "
Cupples commanded the first of three rescue Vikings .
" You had to be out of your mind to want to go back into that area to fight .
It 's a lot for the blokes to do .
They only do it because it 's one of their own men .
They know full well there could be some kind of trap , that Botha could be booby - trapped or the enemy could be watching him and waiting for us to come back . "
At 7.30 am they went back for Botha .
Carlin was in the back of one Viking , part of the snatch team that would , should Botha be located , burst out of the back door and pull him inside .
Lewis was expecting hell .
" I was almost certain we were going to get some of the same ferociousness when we opened the door . "
But there was none .
The bombs seemed to have done their job .
They found Botha 's body about 20 metres from the Taliban trench .
The ground was smoking .
Botha was dead , still sitting in a firing position .
" We got him in the back of the Viking .
The doctor just said , ' Lads , he 's T4 .
Sorry , lads , he 's dead . ' "
Captain Henry Nwume , 30 , the doctor , says , " I tried to resuscitate him , but he had no pulse and was n't bleeding .
He had dust on his cornea , which made me think he was dead because you would normally blink or you would tear it up .
I told the sergeant major he was dead and one of the corporals started crying , then the other .
It was a long journey back .
Botha was lying at our feet .
We started struggling around to get a poncho to put on him .
It was 15 minutes of misery jammed in the back of the wagon with Botha 's body .
He had taken a round through the shoulder and through the arm , I think it would have traversed a great vessel .
I remember the guys asking , ' Do you think it was quick , Doc ? ' but I do n't know . "
Sergeant Major
Lewis thinks it was a job well done : " It would have made a massive amount of difference if we had lost Botha 's body .
How everybody felt , getting him back was a massive , massive bonus .
I would have been a lot more haunted than I am . "
After helping take Botha 's body off the Viking , Carlin broke down for three hours .
" I just could n't speak .
Never felt anything like it .
Every soldier wants a firefight in their corner , and that was mine , but I do n't wish it on anyone for the feelings we went through that night . "
Lewis and Lockett took the kit and weapons off Botha and Brelsford , before putting them in body bags and on to the helicopter to Camp Bastion .
" All the way through my army career I have been a stickler for kit and up until that op we had never lost any kit .
That op , I think we lost two rifles and some night vision .
I was n't even worried about it .
I just had two men dead , so the price of a rifle and some night vision was irrelevant to me , " Lewis says .
The sergeant major is the last one who can break down in front of the men and it was difficult to keep it together .
" I found it hard not to release out there .
I wanted to , but you 've got to seem to be strong .
I can only put it down to the same sort of feelings as when I lost my dad . "
" When we got back to base we felt like shit , " Lockett says three months later .
" Everyone was crying for six to eight hours solid .
I had to sit back in a Viking and get it out of me . "
A Company were flown up to Camp Bastion the next day and arrived home last October .
Private Sam Cooper , 18 , has suffered brain damage .
He is no longer able to speak and has limited movement down one side of his body .
Private Luke Cole is alternately using a wheelchair and walking sticks , but he will never run again .
Private Lee Stacey , who was attached to the platoon that night as both a gunner and a medic , has serious neck injuries that mean he will never serve again .
The battlefield dead estimate for Taliban was put at 19 .
Since the start of the war in 2001 , a total of 86 British personnel have died , 60 of those killed in action or from wounds sustained in action .
When he talks , to stop himself crying again , Carlin plays with the rubber wristbands on his arm .
One states : " Support Worcesters and Foresters in Afghanistan " , the other , simply " Spartans " .
" At the start of the tour we were mates , but now we are like brothers , " he says .
" And in memory of my brothers , I will never take these off , unless someone has to take them off for me . "
· For video interviews with the troops , go to theguardian.com /afghanistan
By Heba Saleh
BBC News
Many Saudi executions are beheadings by the sword in public places
In a letter to King Abdullah , the rights group described the trial and conviction of Fawza Falih as a miscarriage of justice .
The illiterate woman was detained by religious police in 2005 and allegedly beaten and forced to fingerprint a confession that she could not read .
Among her accusers was a man who alleged she made him impotent .
Human Rights
Watch said that Ms Falih had exhausted all her chances of appealing against her death sentence and she could only now be saved if King Abdullah intervened .
' Undefined ' crime
The US - based group is asking the Saudi ruler to void Ms Falih 's conviction and to bring charges against the religious police who detained her and are alleged to have mistreated her .
Its letter to King Abdullah says the woman was tried for the undefined crime of witchcraft and that her conviction was on the basis of the written statements of witnesses who said that she had bewitched them .
Human Rights
Watch says the trial failed to meet the safeguards in the Saudi justice system .
The confession which the defendant was forced to fingerprint was not even read out to her , the group says .
Also Ms Falih and her representatives were not allowed to attend most of the hearings .
When an appeal court decided she should not be executed , the law courts imposed the death sentence again , arguing that it would be in the public interest .
In economics we think that happiness increases with lifetime wealth , albeit at a decreasing rate .
But recent research on happiness fails to show a steep gradient between incomes and self - reported life satisfaction .
But this work has typically focused on rich countries .
In a recent paper , Angus Deaton uses Gallup poll data for a large number of countries and uncovers -- to my surprise , at least -- that people in poor countries are indeed less " happy " on average than people in rich countries .
Here is the relationship , broken down by age group .
So much for the romantic idea of the poor but happy peasant , in communion with his natural environment ...
But note also some of the interesting anomalies .
For example , Indians are a lot happier than the Chinese , despite having lower incomes on average .
Maybe the influence of all those Bollywood movies ?
And Pakistanis are significantly happier than either .
One wonders what they are on .
An exit poll for Television Espanola indicates Spain 's governing Socialist Party has won Sunday 's election .
The poll suggests the party has boosted its number of seats to between 163 and 176 seats , bordering the threshold of an absolute majority in the 350 - member parliament .
The conservative opposition Popular Party looks likely to win between 145 and 152 seats .
Official results are expected later Sunday ( local time ) .
The Socialists need 176 seats for an absolute majority .
If the result of the polls are confirmed , the party could be forced to make uncomfortable alliances with smaller regional nationalist parties to pass legislation .
- AFP / Reuters
JERUSALEM 
The families of the eight students who were killed by a gunman at a prominent Jewish seminary in Jerusalem on Thursday night buried their dead on Friday as the Israeli authorities tightened security around the city .
The Israeli police named the gunman , who was killed at the scene , as Ala Abu Dhaim , a driver , according to local reports .
His family in Arab East Jerusalem said he had once worked as a driver for the seminary , Reuters reported , but the director of the seminary said on Israeli radio that he did not know him and the seminary did not employ Arab drivers .
In a scene of havoc and confusion on Thursday night while the students prayed , the gunman killed two people at the entrance to the Mercaz Harav yeshiva and then entered the first - floor library , spraying the religious students with gunfire from a Kalashnikov rifle , according to the Israeli police .
The dead were aged 15 and 26 .
At least nine others were injured , three seriously .
The families of the victims bought the eight bodies to the seminary on Friday morning before setting off , at around noon , to bury them at locations inside and outside Jerusalem .
In Gush Etzion , a settlement inside the West Bank , one of the victims of the shooting , Avraham David Moses , 16 , whose parents had both moved to Israel from the United States , was buried in a quiet , restrained ceremony attended by several hundred people .
Shaded by trees , the mourners carried the small body up to the grave on a stretcher covered in a black and white prayer shawl .
The victim ’s young siblings gathered around the grave and helped throw soil onto the body .
“ He was a really good kid , ” said his stepmother , Leha Moses , who grew up in New Jersey and who said she had lived in Israel for 12 years .
“ He was just an incredible blessing , ” she said .
Members of the family said the boy ’s mother , Rivka Moriah , was originally from New England and his father , Naftali Moses , was from Long Island , and both had moved to Israel several years ago .
Both had subsequently remarried .
The attack on Thursday was the deadliest on Israeli civilians in nearly two years and the first attack inside Jerusalem in four .
It occurred at the start of the Hebrew month in which the Purim holiday occurs , and many of the witnesses at first thought the gunfire was firecrackers in celebration at the 84 - year - old institute , an ideological base for the settler movement .
Only one gunman appeared to be involved .
The attack came at a time of increased Israeli - Palestinian tension , after a spate of violence in Gaza that has seen longer - range rockets reach the Israeli city of Ashkelon , a medium - size Israeli military operation in Gaza , and the deaths of nearly 130 Palestinians since Feb. 27 .
Four Israelis have died , including a soldier on Thursday .
In Gaza , the radical Islamic movement Hamas did not take responsibility for the yeshiva attack but praised it .
In a text message , Hamas said : “ We bless the operation .
It will not be the last . ”
The killings , which drew criticism from President Bush and the United Nations , are bound to put more pressure on Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to respond somehow , somewhere with force .
The Gaza violence has led to unrest in the occupied West Bank as well and further complicates the political situation for the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas of Fatah .
Mr. Abbas originally suspended contacts and peace talks with Israel indefinitely ; after a plea from Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , he agreed on Wednesday to return to negotiations , but refused to say when .
Mr. Abbas condemned Thursday ’s shootings .
Mark Regev , spokesman for Mr. Olmert , said that “ tonight ’s massacre in Jerusalem is a defining moment . ”
He said that “ the same warped and extremist ideology behind tonight ’s massacre is also behind the daily rocket barrages in the south . ”
Mr. Regev admitted that responsibility for the killings was still unclear .
He said : “ Before we can speak of response we have to ascertain exactly who was behind it .
We will act to protect our people . ”
Chief Inspector Micky Rosenfeld , an Israeli police spokesman , said at the scene that there had been no warning of the attack , giving weight to an unconfirmed report that the killer was from East Jerusalem and needed no special permit to enter the predominantly Jewish western part of the city .
Daniel Seaman , head of the Israeli government press office , said : “ Jerusalem is a town where Jews and Arabs live together .
The terrorist took advantage of the fact that he could move freely in west Jerusalem . ”
The mayor of Jerusalem , Uri Lupolianski , said : “ This is a sad evening for Jerusalem .
We had about gotten used to quiet and calm . ”
The scene outside the yeshiva was furious and passionate , with at least 50 ambulances and as many police cars , and angry students and local residents lined up behind police tapes , chanting , “ Death to Arabs , ” “ Olmert  you are to blame ” and “ Who gave them weapons ? ”
Image Men waited outside the gates of the Mercaz Harav yeshiva on Thursday after a man entered the library and killed eight students .
Credit ... Yannis Behrakis / Reuters
Rabbi David Shalem , 43 , the director of the Institute of Talmud Studies at the yeshiva , where he has spent the last 22 years , tried to wipe his tears away .
“ Tomorrow instead of religious lectures there will be funerals , ” he said , then shouted : “ Let the government go to hell !
Write that down .
Let the government go to hell ! ”
Asked what the government should do , Rabbi Nachum Levy , 60 , said , “ I would like to see Olmert go with a strong hand . ”
Where ?
“ Everywhere , in Gaza and the north and inside , ” he said , “ and not dismantle settlements . ”
The yeshiva is a symbol of the national religious strain of Judaism that provides the backbone of the settler movement .
After the 1967 war , the national religious movement was the ideological father of the idea of redemption through reclaiming the land .
The yeshiva was founded in 1924 by Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook , and it is considered an elite institution , with 400 students .
Thursday night the library contained some 80 students , witnesses said .
“ We are shocked that base killers came to do murder in one of the holiest places in Jerusalem , ” said Haim Katz , 46 , the yeshiva secretary , as the bodies of the dead were lined up in a row .
Yitzhak Dadon , a part - time student , told Israeli radio that the gunman “ came out of the library spraying ” gunfire .
“ The terrorist came to the entrance , and I shot him twice in the head , ” Mr. Dadon said .
Mr. Rosenfeld of the police said , however , that the gunman was killed by an army officer who was passing by and two undercover policemen who were in the area .
The gunman had a pistol and a Kalashnikov rifle and managed to change clips at least once , Mr. Rosenfeld said .
Avi Katz , 23 , was one of the first volunteers to enter the building as part of a medical help organization that gathers body parts for burial .
He was shaken by the sight .
“ I ’ve seen terrorist acts before , but never like this , ” he said , breathing shallowly .
“ We came to the library and saw two bodies at the entrance on the floor , and it was very bad .
There were bodies and Jewish books all over the floor . ”
He and a colleague tried to save one student ’s life until ambulance workers came , he said .
“ It ’s not just the symbolism of the yeshiva , ” he said .
“ They were shot one by one . ”
At the United Nations , Secretary General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attack “ in the strongest terms ” and said he was alarmed at “ the potential for continued acts of violence and terrorism to undermine the political process . ”
But the Security Council , in an emergency closed - door session , was unable to settle on a similar statement .
“ We were not able to come to an agreement because the Libyan delegation , with the support of one or two others , did not want to condemn this act by itself , ” Zalmay Khalilzad , the American ambassador , told reporters .
Libya , a new member of the Council this year , wanted to include language condemning the recent Israeli incursions into Gaza , diplomats said .
In a statement , President Bush condemned the attacks , adding : “ I have just spoken with Prime Minister Olmert to extend my deepest condolences to the victims , their families , and to the people of Israel .
I told him the United States stands firmly with Israel in the face of this terrible attack . ”
Earlier on Thursday , Palestinian gunmen from Islamic Jihad blew up an Israeli Army jeep patrolling the Gaza border , then attacked a rescue crew , killing one soldier and wounding three , according to the Israeli military and Palestinian witnesses .
The jeep was moving just inside Israel near the old Kissufim crossing in central Gaza when a roadside bomb exploded and set it on fire .
Several other army vehicles and a helicopter came under fire when they arrived to rescue the wounded .
After the attack , Israeli troops moved a few hundred yards into Gaza , exchanging fire with gunmen near Deir al Balah , and an Israeli airstrike on a rocket - launching team killed one Palestinian militant and wounded another in northern Gaza .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak of Israel announced that he would indefinitely postpone a trip to the United States because of the uncertain situation in Gaza , and also spoke with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt .
Israeli officials said that the explosive device was large and sophisticated .
They suggested that it was built by militants who had received weapons training in Iran , the main sponsor of Islamic Jihad , a small , radical group that rejects both participation in politics and talks with Israel .
Hamas , which rules Gaza , said it also took part in the attack , which Islamic Jihad said was revenge for an Israeli attack the day before that killed one of its commanders .
Also on Thursday , Palestinians fired at least seven Qassam missiles toward Israel ; two hit houses in Sderot , wounding one Israeli civilian .
One hit the house of Elisheva Turjeman , doing significant damage but causing no injuries .
The rocket collapsed the roof , covering the living room with red powder from the crushed roof tiles , and started a fire .
Mrs. Turjeman yelled at reporters , “ Soon there will be no more homes standing in Sderot ! ”
In Egypt , talks continued on how to reach a cease - fire between Palestinians and Israelis in Gaza .
A delegation from Hamas and Islamic Jihad met with Egypt ’s intelligence chief , Omar Suleiman , in the Egyptian city of El Arish .
Egypt is trying to get Hamas to stop the rocket firing in return for a halt to Israeli attacks on Gaza .
Arnold Schwarzenegger's " universal " health - care plan died in the California legislature on Monday , in what can only be called a mercy killing .
So let 's conduct a political autopsy , because there are important lessons here for the national health - care debate .
It 's especially useful to compare today 's muted obituaries to the page - one melodrama that surrounded the Governor when he announced his plan a year ago .
Endless media mash notes were bestowed on the " post - partisan " Republican trying to get something done .
The idea was that Mr. Schwarzenegger would set a national precedent , leading to a groundswell for reform in Washington .
Not to mention that the Schwarzenegger plan was a near - copy of the one Mitt Romney pioneered in Massachusetts , and the one Hillary Clinton now favors .
A leading author of the California plan was Laurie Rubiner , who directed health policy at the New America Foundation before becoming Senator Clinton 's legislative director in 2005 .
* * *
So much for that .
The California legislature is probably the most liberal this side of Vermont , and even Democrats refused to become shock troops for this latest liberal experiment .
Mr. Schwarzenegger and Democrats in the State Assembly did agree on a compromise plan in December .
But on Monday , only a single member of the Senate Health Committee voted to report the bill to the full chamber -- and thus it joined a graveyard full of state " universal " health - care failures .
Like collapses in Illinois , Wisconsin and Pennsylvania , this one crumpled because of the costs , which are always much higher than anticipated .
The truth teller was state Senate President Pro Tem Don Perata , who thought to ask about the price tag of a major new entitlement amid what 's already a $ 14.5 billion budget shortfall .
Sleep on Latex Pure Green Mattress Review 2020
Pin 0 Shares
What do you find in a top - quality latex foam ?
And , in the case of Sleep on Latex , how do you find it ?
This quest brought the brand ’s founder to the other side of the world –in Sri Lanka .
In this country , the natural rubber industry is well - established with a global reach .
This inspired and drove Karl Shevick to develop the company ’s signature Pure Green Latex Foam with a Sri Lankan factory .
This effort has since expanded to offer not just latex mattresses but also latex mattress accessories in the United States .
Our Sleep on Latex Pure Green review aims to uncover what ’s inside the mattress .
Plus what process it goes through before it gets delivered to your doorstep .
Stick with us if you want to learn more about the brand and the product .
Construction & Materials
Three natural materials are found in this model : natural latex foam , organic cotton , and organic wool .
These are put together to maximize their benefits .
The main foam layers comprise of the latex foam .
At 2 inches , the comfort layer is soft and conforming , alleviating your pressure points as you snooze .
The base is 6 inches thick .
Support and comfort are their main job .
The natural latex foams used in this bed are certified by OEKO - TEX Standard and eco institute .
Their raw material is rubber , sourced from rubber trees grown in Sri Lanka , Malaysia , and Thailand .
Latex derived from this source is natural .
No fillers or synthetic latex is added to achieve the comfort , support , and durability it produces .
Wool batting is laid on the top comfort layer to regulate temperature .
Also , wool is known to be inherently fire - resistant .
So it protects the mattress while also keeping you cool in your slumber .
This material passes federal flammability requirements .
What comes in contact with your body is this design ’s organic cotton knit face .
This organic cover is soft and flexible , tailor - fit to the product specifications .
An organic cotton quilt backing is found at the base to hold the face together .
Both organic cotton and wool are certified by the Global Organic Textile Standard ( GOTS ) .
This means the cotton is grown without the use of pesticides or synthetic fertilizers .
Its manufacturing process takes place in certified organic factories .
Meanwhile , the wool comes from certified organic farms in New Zealand .
While the latex is processed in Sri Lanka , the mattresses are assembled in Sleep on Latex ’ Niles , Illinois - based factory .
Pure Green Natural Latex Mattress - Medium Firmness -... 100 % Natural Latex Foam - No Poly Foam , No Synthetic Latex Foam , No Blended Latex Foam
Quilted Cover Made of Organic Cotton and Organic New Zealand Wool - Designed , Sewn , Assembled and Packaged in our Chicago Factory
Medium Firmness - 6 ” 34 ILD Natural Latex Foam - 2 ” 20 ILD Natural Latex Foam - Organic Wool Padding
Firmness & Feel
Usually , firmness is determined by a scale ranging from 1 to 10 –1 is softest and 10 is firmest .
Some companies , however , create their own scale .
As for Sleep on Latex , it provides 3 firmness options to accommodate all sleeper types .
It simply classifies them as Soft , Medium , and Firm .
The Soft Feel is designed for side sleepers .
The plush surface allows their shoulders and hips to sink into the mattress .
In turn , this feature relieves their pressure points .
The softness is also responsible for the spine to rest in its natural alignment .
But side sleepers who may want a firmer bed can move on to the Medium feel .
The Medium firmness is not just good for this group of side sleepers .
It ’s also ideal for back sleepers .
You can already pick up some hard feelings when you hit the sack .
Still , it is not too firm or soft–a good kind of comfortable .
As with many other models , Medium is the bestselling firmness choice among the 3 .
The Firm feel yields a supportive firm surface as its name suggests .
It ’s strong but not without any give , so you wo n’t feel like sleeping on a rock .
It eliminates pressure points and benefits stomach and back sleepers the most .
Cooling
Temperature regulation is due to the organic wool batting found between the comfort layer and the cotton knit cover .
It has cooling properties that keep you comfortable as you lay in bed at night .
This means it retains less body heat , which tends to be trapped at the surface of the bed .
But how does wool do it ?
The fibers in the wool allow air to circulate , enabling it to react to your body temperature .
This is why it is also used in coats used in winter .
It can keep your body warm when it ’s cold and keep it cool when it ’s hot .
It follows that the wool batting in the Sleep on Latex mattress works similarly .
Since latex tends to sleep hot , this effect is somewhat average .
Still , it performs all right to be given the grade of 3.5 .
Pure Green Natural Latex Mattress - Medium Firmness -... 100 % Natural Latex Foam - No Poly Foam , No Synthetic Latex Foam , No Blended Latex Foam
Quilted Cover Made of Organic Cotton and Organic New Zealand Wool - Designed , Sewn , Assembled and Packaged in our Chicago Factory
Medium Firmness - 6 ” 34 ILD Natural Latex Foam - 2 ” 20 ILD Natural Latex Foam - Organic Wool Padding
Edge Support & Sinkage
One inherent weakness of all - foam designs is the lack of edge support .
If it exists , it is weak and still vulnerable to premature sagging .
Without proper perimeter stability and strength , the bed will start to feel uneven when daily wear and tear takes over .
Another thing , you wo n’t feel supported when you ’re the type who sleeps on the edge .
You might even roll back toward the middle zone .
It ’s the same case for your partner if you ’re sharing the space .
You will hog and fight for the center spot , which can be sweet for couples .
But sometimes , you also want to take up space you can call your own .
We ’re sad to say that the edge support in the Sleep on Latex Pure Green Mattress is not good .
We ’re assigning it a middle score because not all sleepers are particular about this feature .
For some , it might not be an issue at all .
However , we advise that you do n’t take it for granted .
Motion Transfer
Motion transfer refers to the transfer of motion from one part of the bed to another .
It happens when one sleeper shifts positions or moves slightly on the bed .
The movement sends quakes , big or small , through the bottom all the way to the top layers .
It is then felt like a disturbance by the other sleeper .
If the latter dozes off lightly , his or her sleep will be interrupted .
This is why motion transfer is an important factor to consider .
We always make it a point to provide you with a transparent score in this regard .
Even if you are not a light sleeper , you might find it quite annoying to feel the motion produced by your bed partner .
It is actually not a happy feeling .
At the same time , it can be quite distracting during sexytime .
Three stars are all we can give this Sleep on Latex bed because it tends to transfer motion .
This is typical of all - foams , as well as innerspring .
And sometimes , the best solution is to get a hybrid .
But it ’s something that you can compromise on if you are after a latex mattress .
Pricing
Latex mattresses belong to the more expensive types of mattress .
They can command even higher prices when the materials are natural and organic .
But thanks to the founders ’ vision for Sleep on Latex , it ’s signature model is a premium bed offered at affordable prices .
Here is the mattress ’ price breakdown per size :
Twin Low Profile – $ 575
Twin Standard – $ 595
Twin XL Low Profile – $ 625
Twin XL Standard – $ 645
Full Low Profile – $ 745
Full Standard – $ 775
Full XL Low Profile – $ 775
Full XL Standard – $ 795
Queen Low Profile – $ 775
Queen Standard – $ 795
King Low Profile – $ 1,095
King Standard – $ 1,395
Cal King Low Profile – $ 1,095
Cal King Standard – $ 1,395
Pure Green Natural Latex Mattress - Medium Firmness -... 100 % Natural Latex Foam - No Poly Foam , No Synthetic Latex Foam , No Blended Latex Foam
Quilted Cover Made of Organic Cotton and Organic New Zealand Wool - Designed , Sewn , Assembled and Packaged in our Chicago Factory
Medium Firmness - 6 ” 34 ILD Natural Latex Foam - 2 ” 20 ILD Natural Latex Foam - Organic Wool Padding
Other Factors
Last but not least , it ’s time we discuss the terms you usually find in the fine print .
It is often overlooked by mattress buyers when they ’re in the thick of shopping .
We want our readers to be wary about these incentives , or the lack of them , whenever they feel ready to click the ‘ Buy ’ button .
Shipping comes first as this is a pretty common feature nowadays .
Sleep on Latex offers free shipping within the contiguous United States .
It also indicates that it ’s same - day shipping , so you can expect your bed to arrive within one or few days .
Same - day shipping means all orders are shipped out at 3 p.m. CST on each business day .
There is no need to request for mattress setup because this one does n’t require it .
Just take it out of the box and wait for it to decompress
It comes with a 100 - night sleep trial to help you adjust to the bed before making a full commitment to own and sleep on it .
A no-questions - asked return policy also applies , so it ’s all fuss - free .
You just have to request the return within the trial period to be fair .
Should you decide to keep it , know that your bed is backed by a comprehensive 10 - year warranty .
Why You Should Buy A Sleep on Latex Mattress
Are you big on customization ?
Because Sleep on Latex is big on customization .
It not only offers multiple firmness options and sizes , but it also gives you thickness options for each size .
You may have noticed this from the pricing we provided ( i.e. , Low Profile and Standard ) .
This is great for all sleeper types actually .
If weight is your concern , you can go for a thick and firm queen .
Back pain sufferers , take note .
The conforming and pressure relief properties of this mattress is also on par with those of premium - quality latex mattresses .
The latex is made to be comfortable , even during those days when synthetic or blended ones still ruled .
Now that you have natural and organic in the options , it has n’t lost its magic in this regard .
Budget - conscious yet particular about quality ?
Then you ’ve come to the right place .
The Pure Green Foam Mattress is not just eco-friendly .
It is certified organic and natural .
It uses latex .
All of these reasons are enough for the company to charge you as high as $ 1,500 for a Queen .
But its most expensive versions are the King and Cal King in Standard .
And these retail at $ 1,395 .
Why You Should Not Buy A Sleep on Latex Mattress
If edge support really matters to you , then this bed is not for you .
Maybe your kids love to jump up and down the mattress .
Or you like sitting on the edge when you ’re tying your shoelaces .
Or you ’re a combo sleeper who rolls over to the perimeter as you snooze .
All of these may cause premature sagging , which is a legitimate concern when it comes to your household ’s habits .
Do you sleep hot ?
This bed may sleep warm .
Although it ’s wool batting can regulate temperature , it can not do the job alone .
And as far as we know , the latex used here is not indicated as Talalay , the more breathable latex type .
You may opt to buy this and bring the AC temperature down .
But that wo n’t guarantee that the bed will wick away your body heat .
If you ’re tall and heavy , you might still find the 9 inches ( Standard ) thickness to be too small for your needs .
It wo n’t be easy to get in and out of the bed for you .
It ’s better to look for an alternative .
The 7 - inch version may not also appeal to many sleepers because it ’s too low .
Again , the issue here is the ease of getting in and out of bed .
The Verdict
It is n't just fast food that reminds us fast is not always better .
The frantic pace of everyday life seems to impede our ability to make changes that are increasingly necessary for a sustainable future .
Many have begun to realize that a primary step toward positive social change is to slow down .
Cutting edge groups like Canada 's Adbusters have been promoting Slow Week to encourage SLOW as means to enjoy and prioritize all aspects of life .
Add to that the explosive popularity of the Slow Food Movement .
It gently reminds us that by slowing down we can truly savor and honor the celebration of the harvest , the smells and joy of sharing and preparing food with a like - minded community that challenges the Super - Size - Me dogma .
Slow Food advocates may delight in the diverse aromatics of flavor saturation ; a crisp texture alongside a rich tangy cream , a salty hot flavor next to a cool sour drink .
Equally important is their praise of locally grown produce pulled from the earth by unexploited labor .
Every aspect of food is understood because they choose to slow down enough to find out its provenance .
Snails Unite
So , with this same gustatory excitement , let 's start a Slow Sex Movement .
Using the slow food movement 's template and their snail icon - who happens conveniently to display an extraordinarily elaborate sexual dance to inch us forward - slowly .
Slow Sex expresses a progressive and more humane view of sexuality .
Membership is open and would include people of all sexual orientations .
The slow food movement , for example , in no way vilifies those who eat at Taco Bell .
It merely wants more transparency around the whole process it takes to bring fast food to the consumer and to exemplify another way to eat .
Just as using sustainable practices for growing healthy food nurture the earth , Slow Sex would not deplete but nurture the individual .
If sex is to be sustainable one would seek to build lasting relationships with other humans just as the food movement does with the land and soil .
Relations would be cultivated over time rather than on a " mere grab and go " basis .
Fast sex is often cold , impersonal and can leave one feeling empty , angry or both .
Slowing sex emphasizes the human connection rather than the mere surface , quickie sensations .
Slow Sex is hot , engaging , satisfying and celebratory .
It could promote passionate kissing , foreplay for all , hand holding and deep soul gazing all of which could increase intimacy .
Sex Outside the Box
We all have the right to explore sexuality without the shackles of repression , violence , homophobia and capitalism ( to name a few ) .
Sexuality is an indisputable force that can be a healing balm or a needed refuge in an often cruel world .
Sexual connection can allow us at times to express our authentic selves .
Body hatred has sadly forced many to believe they do n't deserve wonderful sex .
Slow Sex would be an opportunity to love and honor the beauty in every human body .
The media landscape is clearly bloated with highly processed sex .
High in fat content - in terms of the lies it tells .
High in calories - in terms of the burden it places on the possibility of real intimacy .
It does not celebrate the beauty of imperfection , the vulnerability of tenderness and shared experience .
It has n't time for , or interest in empathic communication about respective desires and boundaries .
At best it sets people up for misunderstanding and disappointment - at worst for rape and abuse .
Schools teach youth abstinence - only , which is known not to reduce STDs or pregnancy , while the media simultaneously shoves pornographic images onto our youth long before they have even considered engaging in sexual intercourse .
Our culture promotes the idea that young " beautiful " females who spread in Playboy or strip their way through college represent empowered , enviable role models .
Men and boys experience a separate difficulty .
In Men and Sex , author Ron Levant defines nonrelational sex as being rooted within a normal North American male upbringing .
This rearing discourages any emotional display , equates emotional intimacy with a loss of autonomy and sexual desire is experienced primarily as lust with no requirements for intimacy or emotional attachment .
It is , Levant states , " a narcissistic way of experiencing sexuality , exemplified by a sometimes startling lack of empathy . "
Slow Sex could offer a model of a more intimate and engaged sexuality that confronts the fundamental ways in which culture defines masculinity and femininity .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Slow Sex celebrates the idea that no one should be forced to choose between just two available gender boxes .
The intersexual snail icon with its ambiguous genitalia could lead the way .
Progressives wanting to challenge the constraints of a restrictive gender binary system could use Slow Sex to promote gender less not gender more .
Who decided everyone must check their genitals before choosing a partner , playing a sport , running for office or expressing an emotion ?
After all , humans exist within a broad range of chromosomal possibilities .
The Slow Sex movement would honor this diverse range and help dispel the myth of binary madness .
Pornified World
Pornography and prostitution represent the quintessence of fast nonrelational sex .
As our pornified world is saturated with cybersex , teledildodonics , frighteningly realistic sex dolls that will soon come equipped with robotic interiors , few viable alternatives are offered .
Technology will never run out of ideas on how to market a faster orgasm - but what if we slowed down to a point of refusing to buy it ?
Slow sex can be a sex positive alternative for those wanting to explore sexuality outside the tired clichÃƒ©s rampant in the current sex industry , which if you had n't noticed , caters primarily to a pimp 's version of what men's sexual pleasure must look like .
Many already understand that the contemporary sex- industrial - complex is n't interested in exploring the range of sexual expression - it 's interested in profit .
Are we all for sale , to some degree , in the sexual marketplace , tainted by the economic system we live in ?
Can we learn to separate our sexuality from a devouring market that auctions every angle of it ?
Capitalism , Free Markets and Democracy are far from being synonymous terms and many are beginning to understand this and are attempting to disengage .
A Slow Sex movement could meticulously document educational facts and open vital debates that our sexually repressed nation seems to shy away from .
As a global community where many work toward human rights and justice for all , people of conscience will stand by the need to make detailed investigations into the sex industry providing more transparency for everyone .
Imagine the day when violent pornography is available but rejected because the populace understands every bit of minutiae involved in its creation and distribution .
Endless Sex War ?
Slow Sex is about reframing the contentious sex war arguments as a public health issue .
Arguing about whether consenting adults have the right to do this or look at that to get off , goes nowhere .
Imagine , if we were still stuck on this argument over the use of cigarettes ?
Of course people have a right to smoke , but we all have the right to know the exact detailed health effects of smoking and consequences of living and working around smokers .
Public health has successfully used strong health education programs making treatment widely available and reducing the number of addicted adult smokers by half .
Slow sex is not a condemnatory movement , but a movement toward informed pleasure .
It is n't about forcing change but about providing a fair and reasoned platform to address difficult questions about how the culture promotes sexual intimacy , with the caveat to do no harm .
Consider the brave words of John Stuart Mill from , On Liberty : " The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community , against his will , is to prevent harm to others . "
This topic reminds me of the final lines of Sharon Old 's poem , " The Connoisseuse of Slugs : "
" ....
What I liked was to draw aside the ivy , breathe the odor of the wall , and stand there in silence until the slug forgot I was there and sent its antennae up out of its head , the glimmering umber horns rising like telescopes , until finally the sensitive knobs would pop out the ends , delicate and intimate .
Years later , when I first saw a naked man , I gasped with pleasure to see that quiet mystery reenacted , the slow elegant being coming out of hiding and gleaming in the dark air , eager and so trusting you could weep . "
Why did rock and roll , the most miscegenated popular music ever to have existed , undergo a racial re-sorting in the nineties ?
JOHN RITTER
In May , I went with a friend to see the Canadian indie- rock band Arcade Fire perform at the United Palace , a gilded rococo church in Washington Heights that seats more than three thousand and doubles as a theatre .
The band was playing to a noisily receptive crowd during what has been a very successful year .
Arcade Fire ’s latest album , “ Neon Bible , ” which was released here in March , has sold more than three hundred thousand copies — an impressive number for an indie band during an industry - wide sales slump — and the group was on its second visit to New York in three months .
The band , six men and three women , shared the stage with half a dozen curved screens and slender red fluorescent lights , which encircled the musicians like a ring of candles .
In January , at a less elaborate show in a small London church , the band ’s members had called to mind Salvation Army volunteers who had forgotten to go home after Christmas — their execution was ragged but full of brio — and I had spent the evening happily pressed against the stage .
At the United Palace , even though the music was surging in all the right places , I was weary after six songs .
My friend asked me , “ Do they play everything in the same end - of - the - world style ? ”
Arcade Fire ’s singer and songwriter , Win Butler , writes lyrics that allude to big , potentially buzz - killing themes : guilt , rapture , death , redemption .
And because , for the most part , he deals convincingly with these ideas , the band has been likened to older bands known for passion and gravitas , including the Clash .
( On tour , Arcade Fire sometimes plays a cover of the Clash ’s anti-police - brutality anthem “ Guns of Brixton . ” )
By the time I saw the Clash , in 1981 , it was finished with punk music .
It had just released “ Sandinista ! , ” a three - LP set consisting of dub , funk , rap , and Motown interpretations , along with other songs that were indebted — at least in their form — to Jamaican and African - American sources .
As I watched Arcade Fire , I realized that the drummer and the bassist rarely played syncopated patterns or lingered in the low registers .
If there is a trace of soul , blues , reggae , or funk in Arcade Fire , it must be philosophical ; it certainly is n’t audible .
And what I really wanted to hear , after a stretch of raucous sing - alongs , was a bit of swing , some empty space , and palpable bass frequencies — in other words , attributes of African - American popular music .
There ’s no point in faulting Arcade Fire for what it does n’t do ; what ’s missing from the band ’s musical DNA is missing from dozens of other popular and accomplished rock bands ’ as well — most of them less entertaining than Arcade Fire .
I ’ve spent the past decade wondering why rock and roll , the most miscegenated popular music ever to have existed , underwent a racial re-sorting in the nineteen - nineties .
Why did so many white rock bands retreat from the ecstatic singing and intense , voicelike guitar tones of the blues , the heavy African downbeat , and the elaborate showmanship that characterized black music of the mid-twentieth century ?
These are the volatile elements that launched rock and roll , in the nineteen - fifties , when Elvis Presley stole the world away from Pat Boone and moved popular music from the head to the hips .
It ’s difficult to talk about the racial pedigree of American pop music without being accused of reductionism , essentialism , or worse , and such suspicion is often warranted .
In the case of many popular genres , the respective contributions of white and black musical traditions are nearly impossible to measure .
In the nineteen - twenties , folk music was being recorded for the first time , and it was not always clear where the songs — passed from generation to generation and place to place — had come from .
The cadence of African slave hollers shaped the rising and falling patterns of blues singing , but there is still debate about the origins of the genre ’s basic chord structure — I - IV - V — and how that progression became associated with a singing style on plantations and in Southern prisons .
In 1952 , the record collector Harry Smith released “ Anthology of American Folk Music , ” a highly regarded compilation ( and , later , a source for Bob Dylan ) , which showed that white “ country ” performers and black “ blues ” artists had recorded similar material in the nineteen - twenties and thirties , singing about common legends , such as “ Stackalee , ” over similar chord progressions .
Even the call - and - response singing that is integral to many African - American church services may have been brought to America by illiterate Scottish immigrants who learned Scripture by singing it back to the pastor as he read it to them .
Yet there are also moments in the history of pop music when it ’s not difficult to figure out whose chocolate got in whose peanut butter .
In 1960 , on a train between Dartford and London , Mick Jagger and Keith Richards , then teen - agers , bonded over a shared affinity for obscure blues records .
( Jagger lent Richards an LP by Muddy Waters . )
“ Twist and Shout , ” a song that will forever be associated with the Beatles , is in fact a fairly faithful rendition of a 1962 R. & B. cover by the Isley Brothers .
In sum , as has been widely noted , the music that inspired some of the most commercially successful rock bands of the sixties and seventies — among them Led Zeppelin , Cream , and Grand Funk Railroad — was American blues and soul .
The Beatles , especially in Paul McCartney ’s compositions , married blues and soul with the verse - chorus - bridge structure common to songs from the English music hall and Tin Pan Alley , and hooked teen - agers on a combination of Irving Berlin and Muddy Waters that previously would have been unthinkable .
Similarly , when Mick Jagger stopped trying to imitate Bobby Womack he became , musically speaking , an original — a product of miscegenation .
He sang with weird menace and charm , and with an accent that placed him in an unidentifiable neighborhood ( with more than one bar ) somewhere over the Atlantic Ocean .
Jagger ’s knock - kneed dancing may have begun as an homage to Little Richard ’s exuberant hamming , but he eventually devised his own style — a bewitching flexion of knees and elbows .
The borrowing went both ways .
Keith Richards wanted a horn section to play the main guitar riff in the Stones ’ 1965 single “ ( I Ca n’t Get No ) Satisfaction , ” on the theory that this would make the song sound like an American soul track .
But the song was recorded without a horn section , and immediately became popular , inspiring several covers .
One of the better ones was by Otis Redding .
( “ Otis Redding got it right , ” Richards said . )
Until Michael Jackson , another soul singer , achieved international prominence , in the late seventies , however , some of the most successful venders of American black music were not black .
MTV had been on the air for nearly two years before it got up the courage to play the video for Jackson ’s “ Billie Jean , ” in 1983 .
( Jackson was the first black artist to appear on the channel , though it had played videos by the equally gifted white soul act Hall & Oates . )
Jackson ’s 1982 album “ Thriller ” is the second - biggest - selling record of all time ( after “ Eagles : Their Greatest Hits 1971 - 1975 ” ) , but he alone could not alter pop music ’s racial power balance .
Black and white musicians continued to trade , borrow , and steal from one another , but white artists typically made more money and received more acclaim .
This pattern held until 1992 , when the Los Angeles rapper and producer Dr. Dre released “ The Chronic , ” an album whose star performer was a new rapper named Snoop Doggy Dogg .
The headline of the article , authored by Claes Bell , questioned , " Is this a good time to buy a home ? "
A national real estate article published in a community newspaper in Elizabethtown , Ky. , caught the eye and ire of several local real estate professionals , and brought home an age - old conflict between news coverage and industry interests .
A national real estate article published in a community newspaper in Elizabethtown , Ky. , caught the eye and ire of several local real estate professionals , and brought home an age - old conflict between news coverage and industry interests .
The headline of the article , authored by Claes Bell , questioned , " Is this a good time to buy a home ? "
Focusing on first - time home buyers , the article suggested that heightening restrictions in lending requirements , including high down payments and the risk of further foreclosures and price decreases , may not be the best fit for those seeking to become homeowners .
Local Realtors gave editors at The News - Enterprise an earful about the inclusion of that article in the newspaper ’s weekly real estate section .
They echoed a rallying cry that has been sounded by real estate professionals in other markets , too : that local real estate markets are unique , and reports of national market trends tend to overlook the fact that some markets are performing better than others .
At the core of the conflict is public perception of market conditions , and some real estate professionals are blaming the media for scaring away potential buyers and sellers from the market with stories that they say do n’t reflect local market conditions .
Industry professionals have also charged that bad news sells , and that news organizations are carrying stories that tend to exaggerate the market downturn .
Strategy to counter media coverage
Trade groups like the National Association of Realtors have fed into the fervor over perceived negative media coverage .
A multimillion - dollar ad campaign by the Realtor group this year , for example , seeks to counter " some of the recent negative national media reports related to the housing market , " according to a Web site description .
And Vicki Cox Golder , a Realtor who is serving as first vice president for NAR , detailed a strategy by the trade group that is intended to " generate positive media coverage about real estate opportunities in local markets . "
She said in her presentation , " I think that you will agree with me that one of the biggest issues that we face today is the media and how they report what ’s going on in the market . "
The so - called " surround sound " strategy " is aimed at … ‘ on - the - fence ’ home buyers who may be hesitant to jump in because of the negative things they are hearing and reading about today ’s housing market , " and the strategy includes " an extensive toolkit and assistance from professional public relations firms . "
News organizations are tasked with providing accurate information for their readers , whether their focus is on national or local news .
In some cases , the truth can be hurtful to industry interests .
And newspaper executives who spoke with Inman News said it can be a difficult balancing act to satisfy advertisers and readers alike .
Scathing letter in Elizabethtown , Ky .
Wolfgang " Wolf " Parker , who is co-leader for an agent team at RE / MAX Executive Group in Elizabethtown , sent a letter to the publisher of The News - Enterprise to protest its publication of the national article that questioned whether it was a good time for first - time buyers to hop into the market .
" How irresponsible of you as the publisher to let that article run .
That article has done additional damage to this housing market and to hundreds of local Realtors who advertise in your paper , " he charged in the letter .
" Where would The News - Enterprise be if the Realtors did not advertise in your paper ?
I spend over $ 2,000 a month with you and am constantly being solicited to increase or add new advertisements .
Perhaps I ’ll just spend my money on the Internet .
I am furious and feel cheated .
Nothing you say can fix what you have done , " the letter states .
Parker told Inman News that while markets like Detroit or Cleveland may be suffering , Elizabethtown is n’t faring so poorly — and he does n’t want local buyers to get the wrong message from nationally focused news .
" It ’s a great time for buyers and there ’s just a slough of homes on the market .
Why would n’t you want to buy ( here ) ? " he said .
" The market has slowed down from where it ’s been in the past , but there is solid movement here . "
There is a large influx of military personnel coming to the area , he said , which has given some lift to the local market .
The media , he said , have " been getting hammered and rightfully so , " for their national real estate coverage .
" You guys make big money on bad news . "
Consumers , he said , are definitely influenced by news about the national housing market , even if it does not hold true for local market conditions .
" When ( the media ) beats a drum long enough , people are finally going to listen .
You are going to hold on to your money . "
He added , " I have a lot of people coming in here , saying they want to wait : ‘ I ’ve heard that right now is not a good time to buy . ’ "
He said that others within the local Realtor group also had reacted negatively to the article that appeared in the local paper , and he did receive an apology from the newspaper .
Newspaper reaches out to industry critics
Ordway said he heard criticisms — either directly or indirectly — from about six Realtors in the Elizabethtown area about the article .
He viewed the input as constructive , and the newspaper has reached out to local Realtors and builders and offered the opportunity to contribute guest columns to the newspaper on a regular basis .
" As a small community newspaper in a market like ours , we ’re pretty responsive to requests from our customers .
The challenge for our newspaper , as with any newspaper , is … the precarious balance of being able to report accurately and intelligently whether locally or nationally , " he said , while at the same time understanding the concerns of its advertisers .
" We look at the complaint in terms of how can we make an improvement to serve both reader and advertiser equally well moving into the future , " Ordway said .
In addition to offering guest columns to industry participants , the newspaper agreed with a request by the Heart of Kentucky Association of Realtors local trade group to reprint a Wall Street Journal article titled , " A Good Time to Buy a House , " by Shelly Banjo .
" We have a longstanding working relationship with the Realtor association .
Clearly we want to be responsive … while also maintaining the integrity of our news report , " Ordway said .
The Realtor association actually negotiates an advertising contract with the newspaper on behalf of its members , and individual members decide what to contribute for their share of advertising .
Terry Shortt , who owns a real estate school and training company based in Key West and is familiar with the Elizabethtown incident , said that in some small market areas such as Elizabethtown , local newspapers remain a major advertising vehicle for the real estate industry .
When the market slows down , real estate professionals may pay more attention to where their ad dollars are going , he said , and there is the potential for more frustration with news coverage .
" They feel like the buyers are being scared off by the very people they ’re buying ad space from , " he said .
" They ’re just frustrated .
I did n’t hear any complaints , any grumbling , a couple of years ago . "
Realtors seek improved coverage in Bend , Ore .
On the other side of the country , a Realtor group in Oregon has worked to educate the media about the state of the local real estate market and has at times been at odds with local media coverage .
Bill Robie , government affairs director for the Central Oregon Association of Realtors , said that even while the market was booming in the Bend , Ore. , area , " there were concerns — actually , significant concerns — with how the housing market was portrayed in the local paper , " the Bend Bulletin .
There seemed to be a " hint of gloom - and - doom forecast in there , " he said , " even when things were going very good .
Certainly members did n’t feel it was a very accurate portrayal of what was going on . "
And when the housing market shifted , " We started to do more outreach to the media . "
The Bend Bulletin ’s coverage of the downturn has been " fairly accurate , " he said , though the Realtor group , which has about 1,900 members , became concerned that " national coverage was dominating local conditions and that people were n’t getting a healthy perspective on the local market . "
He added , " Because of the overwhelmingly negative stories that paint the whole housing market with a broad brush , we had a media summit here about a month ago . "
Reporters from local news outlets were invited to attend , he said , and an informal question - and - answer session was held to discuss local market conditions and expectations for market performance .
The intent , Robie said , was to " make sure that our side of the story was getting heard … to make sure we are getting a fair shake from the media . "
The media summit was held in late February , he said .
Newspaper reporter fired
The recent firing of David Fisher , a business reporter at the Bend Bulletin , a local newspaper , drew the attention of an alternative weekly news publication , which questioned whether the matter had anything to do with the newspaper ’s market coverage and real estate industry interests .
The Bend Bulletin ’s editor - in - chief , John Costa , defended the newspaper ’s editorial product and said that the termination of the reporter had nothing to do with his coverage of the real estate industry .
He said he could not discuss specifics about the reason for his termination , though there was a " violation of a principle that any institution in the industry would observe . "
The Source Weekly , the Bend - based alternative publication , published a report on March 10 stating that Fisher sent an e-mail message to the Bend Bulletin ’s human resources director alleging that a real estate article he wrote was edited to remove comments that were " skeptical of an imminent turnaround in the floundering real estate market . "
That article , which was about a real estate forecast presented by an area appraiser , was edited " to remove any facts or opinions that tended to disagree with ( the appraiser ’s ) rosy predictions , " according to the e-mail message .
The e-mail also alleged , according to the report at The Source Weekly , that there was a " pattern of editing that included misleading headlines , sources being banned from my coverage , story ideas getting spiked , and odd pre-story cajoling , all of which seemed designed by the executive editor … to generate more favorable coverage of the local real estate market than I would have thought was best in the two years I have been assigned to cover it for the paper . "
The Source Weekly also stated that the local real estate and building industry had embarked on a " Best Buyer ’s Market in 20 Years " campaign that sought to attract buyers and favorable media coverage of local market conditions .
Editor : Newspaper does not pander to industry
Costa said that anyone who reads the real estate coverage of the Bend Bulletin would be hard - pressed " to make a case that this newspaper is in any way pandering to the real estate industry . "
" Last fall we had letters to the editor saying the belief of the industry in this town is ( that coverage ) is far too negative on them , not positive about them .
But we have covered it accurately , " he said .
Costa said he had even written a column in support of Fisher ’s coverage , and that the newspaper has no interest in " cooking coverage " to benefit the industry .
The industry definitely has its spin on market conditions , he said , and " we do n’t cover the advertising campaigns . "
Also , Costa said he has not handled a single request from a real estate professional or builder to can a story or produce a news story .
Some industry participants have suggested that the newspaper has the ability to exacerbate the housing downturn by focusing coverage on it , though he said it ’s " absurd " to suggest the newspaper has that kind of power .
In response , he said , " At least give us credit for creating the ( boom ) market — we never got that . "
Fisher could not be reached for comment .
***
Shortly before he was to attend a screening in January of the documentary “ Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed , ” which is about alternatives to the theory of evolution , Roger Moore , a film critic for The Orlando Sentinel , learned that his invitation had been revoked by the film ’s marketers .
“ Well , you already invited me , ” he recalled thinking at the time .
“ I ’m going to go . ”
So Mr. Moore traveled to a local megachurch and planted himself among a large group of pastors to watch the movie .
In it , Ben Stein , the actor and economist ( and regular contributor to The New York Times ) interviews scientists and teachers who say that Darwinism gets too much emphasis in the classroom and that proponents of the theory of intelligent design are treated unfairly .
There were nondisclosure agreements to sign that day , but Mr. Moore did not , and proceeded to write perhaps the harshest review “ Expelled ” has received thus far .
The film will open April 18 , but has been screened several times privately for religious audiences .
Mr. Moore deplored what he perceived as “ loaded images , loaded rhetoric , few if any facts ” and accused Mr. Stein of using a “ Holocaust denier ’s ” tactics .
Which , of course , was exactly the reaction the moviemakers were hoping to avoid by keeping mainstream critics out .
Can vi edit binary file in hex format ?
Supote Leelasupphakorn wrote : >
Is there option that enable standard vi ( accompany wiht FreeBSD ) > for editing binary file in hex format ?
I do this fairly regularly , just use xxd .
For example try this : cp / bin / cat ~/ mycat vi ~ / mycat < now editing in vi > [ esc ] :%! xxd < now editing mycat in hex > < find some innocuous string or rcsid > < change the values on the hex side > [ esc ] :%!xxd -r [ esc ] :wq ! ./ mycat < somefile >
You can also ' pre ' xxd transform the file , then edit it , then transform it back when finished .
---
Mark atkin901 at NOSPAM yahoo dot com ( ! wired ) ?( coffee ++ ) :( wired ) ;
Harper 's Conservatives in their latest budget have taken their lead from the Bush administration .
They are simultaneously increasing the military 's budget and cutting government revenue to set the stage for future cuts to social programs .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Just like Bush , who also came into office with the " problem " of huge budget surpluses , Harper is well on his way to achieving the neo-con objective of permanently hobbling government 's ability to fund anything but the military .
Grover Norquist , president of Americans for Tax Reform and a dedicated Bushite , might have been speaking for Harper when he said " My goal is to cut government in half in 25 years , to get it down to the size where we can drown it in the bathtub . "
Previously announced Conservative tax cuts will mean an annual loss of government revenue of $ 40.2 billion by 2012 - 2013 .
Economist Erin Weir has commented , " It is striking that the tax cuts will cost as much as it currently costs to run the government of Canada 's entire non-military side . "
The tax free savings plan announced in the February budget will , through its compounding effects , mean another erosion of government revenue .
Initially involving only small amounts , in twenty years this plan is estimated to cost the government $ 3 billion each year .
Since poor and middle class families are mostly heavily indebted and not in a position to save , the rich are the most likely beneficiaries of the plan .
Impossible dreams ?
A national childcare program , a housing program for the estimated 250,000 Canadians living on the streets , pharmacare -- these are meant to become impossible dreams .
More , though , is apparently in the gun sights of the Harper Conservatives .
Government revenues as a per cent of GDP are to drop to levels that existed before the establishment of key programs like medicare , so these programs too will appear increasingly unaffordable .
Former Harper chief of staff Tom Flanagan recently praised the Conservative government for pulling off " quite a performance , " achieving radical changes with successive revenue cuts without ever tipping their hand about what they were up to .
Flanagan described the Conservatives as " turning the screws on the federal government . " and " boxing in the ability of the federal government to come up with new program ideas . . . "
Tax critics ' part of the plan '
The Canadian public is apparently being played for a bunch of saps .
Flanagan revealed that critiques of the government for not going far enough from right - wingers like Harper 's former National Citizens ' Coalition colleague Gerry Nicholls , or representatives of the Canadian Taxpayer Federation were actually " part of the execution of the plan . . . "
In his comments on the budget to The Tyee , Anthony Salloum , program director for the Rideau Institute , stated : " There was nothing in the budget for working parents or the homeless .
But if you were sitting in the offices of the Department of National Defence , you 'd be pretty happy . "
DND is the only department being promised permanent annual increases .
Meanwhile , we militarize
The motion on Afghanistan the Conservatives worked out with the Liberals might have caused concern at DND .
However , lest this motion be misinterpreted as some fundamental shift away from militarism , Harper chose to unveil it in a February 21st speech to the military lobby group , the Conference of Defence Associations ( CDA ) .
Harper explained he was pleased the Liberal Party had agreed " we should prolong the mission until 2011 and we should leave operational decisions up to our military commanders who are on site in Afghanistan " .
In other words , it will be left to the military to decide how aggressive their tactics are and hence the fundamental character of the Canadian role in Afghanistan .
Harper went on to promise the CDA , which got $ 500,000 in taxpayers ' money last year , that by 2011 military spending would be increasing by an automatic 2 per cent each year .
This would be over and above the huge increases DND has already received .
According to the Rideau Institute , over the past year military spending increased by 9 per cent .
It has now reached $ 18.24 billion , more in inflation - adjusted dollars than it was at the height of the Cold War .
Next year it will rise to $ 19.4 billion .
Of twenty - six NATO members , Canada has now climbed to the sixth highest spender .
The question Canadians have never got to ask is : Why ?
What 's the big threat ?
What threat to Canadian security is Harper foreseeing in 2011 , which is the year Canadian troops are supposed to withdraw from Kandahar , that requires more resources for the military ?
And what role is this beefed up military going to play ?
Harper said while many Canadians might yearn for a return to classic peacekeeping -- a role that is now all but eliminated -- that is not what his government is going to deliver .
Canada 's future " peace " missions will involve " the robust use of force , " requiring " a strong , modern , multi- faceted military backed by the political will to deploy . "
Given the extreme costs of state - of - the art military equipment , a " modern " and " multi- faceted " military is a recipe for runaway military spending , far beyond the increases the Conservatives have already promised .
The historical justification Harper gave for this new aggressive policy would make your head spin .
Harper even drew on Canadian John Humphry 's drafting of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights as an argument for militarizing Canadian foreign policy .
Up is down , black is white , and waging war is peacemaking .
Remember that Harper once said it was a " serious mistake " that Canada had not joined the U.S. military intervention into Iraq .
He subsequently claimed his real position was that Canadian forces had been so neglected they were in no shape to play a role in Iraq , a deficiency all this new military spending seems designed to correct .
The Canadian military is apparently being equipped to intervene along with the best of them in Iraq , Iran , or wherever else a " peace " mission is called for .
That is what Canadians have to look forward to if Harper ever gets a majority .
Related
Tyee stories :
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
In a few weeks , online bookmaking site Blurb will launch a new community called BlurbNation , a section of the Blurb site where people can connect with a professional designer that will take their photos , stories , recipes or any other images and pull them together into a book .
Such a move is aimed at expanding Blurb ’s business beyond the 90,000 books it printed in 2007 — and to take it out of the red .
Blurb , which was founded in 2004 , launched its site in April of 2006 and is on track to turn in breakeven results this year , is both a digital bookmaker and an example of yesteryear ’s big Internet trend : The Long Tail ( It seems so long ago , but it was only three - and - half years ago that Anderson wrote about the idea in Wired ) .
Since we move at digital speed , we ’ve already discarded that trend ( and possibly refuted it ) for social everything .
But true business growth does n’t take place at that harried clip , it typically requires the five to seven years allotted by VCs for their investment time frames .
00
Those time frames are there for a reason .
Blurb CEO Eileen Gittins Blurb says the company exceeded its revenue expectations by 40 percent last year .
( In 2007 she told Time she anticipated sales between $ 5 million and $ 10 million for the year . )
And in the quarter following its launch late last year in Europe , sales from the continent have climbed to account for 17 percent of total overall revenues from a mere 2.5 percent .
To me this is a nice reminder to avoid focusing solely on the trend du jour , but also to keep in mind that much of the world runs at business speed , and that it ’s the people out in the rest of the world that break a technology site into the mainstream .
Blurb makes books , nothing terribly technical about it , until you think about how impossible it would be , before the Internet existed , to source , edit , design and print 90,000 different titles in a single year .
Its biggest customers are corporations trying to create memorable advertorials , though artists and average Americans also pull together their own works of art .
Blurb competes with other online publishers LuLu and Xlibris , but has the lead in high - end photobooks .
The cool thing about marrying the digital medium with one that began in 1040 with the first Chinese printing presses ( sorry Gutenberg ) , is that when it comes to user - generated content , Blurb may end up making UGC profitable before YouTube does .
Profitability is n’t everything and I ’m not sure how Blurb could ever reach more people than YouTube , but it ’s nice to talk to an online service that can make money in the here and now .
Published online 26 March 2008 | Nature 452 , 392-393 ( 2008 ) | doi:10.1038/452392b
News
Dimensions of space - time used to order potential universes .
A cosmos folded up ( simulation — not actual size ) .
A. J. HANSON , INDIANA UNIV .
Physicists ' search for a theory of everything is entering territory more familiar to biologists : taxonomy .
A small team of theorists is meeting in Tucson , Arizona , in April to discuss how to classify the billions upon billions of different possible universes created by string theory , which describes fundamental particles and forces as vibrating strings .
“ String theory is notorious for having a lot of solutions , ” says Keith Dienes , a physicist at the University of Arizona in Tucson .
“ We are having this big kick - off meeting to try and organize ourselves , ” he says .
The String Vacuum Project aims to begin placing the various solutions into broad categories .
If it works , then theorists may finally begin honing down the version of the theory that best fits with the cosmos .
But that 's a pretty big if .
There 's no guarantee that the different possibilities will be easy to classify , or that the solution matching our Universe will be easy to find , according to Nathan Seiberg , a string theorist at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey .
“ I would n't hold my breath , ” he says , “ but it is possible . ”
String theory is beloved by theorists because it is one of the few paradigms that promises to merge quantum mechanics , which explains the behaviour of particles on a subatomic level , with general relativity , which describes how gravity shapes large entities such as galaxies .
To do so , the theory uses 10 or 11 dimensions of space - time .
To make the theory resemble the physical world , theorists get rid of the extra dimensions by folding them up .
Like a sheet of paper , there are a nearly infinite number of ways to fold the extra dimensions , and each leads to a different ' vacuum ' or fundamental state of the Universe .
Some vacua have four forces , like ours , whereas others might have six or eight or ten .
The strengths of those forces , the masses and number of fundamental particles , and even the number of dimension in a given cosmos , can all vary according to how the extra dimensions are folded .
The number of possibilities has been steadily rising in recent years and current sits at nearly 10500 , although there could be still more .
In the 1980s and 1990s , theorists had hoped that there might be a vacuum ' selection process ' — a natural extension of string theory that would select a single vacuum resembling our Universe .
But more recently , some theorists have begun to believe that there indeed may be as many as 10500 universes out there .
They argue that we just happen to live in our cosmos because it can support life as we know it ( see Nature 439 , 10 – 12 ; 2006 ) .
To date , nobody 's bothered to look at how many different kinds of vacua there may be , or whether they fit into any sort of systematic categories , according to Dienes .
That will be the goal of the new String Vacuum Project .
Like biologists , physicists on the project will try to classify the 10500 solutions into different taxonomic ranks , such as kingdoms and phyla .
Among the project 's main goals is to make string theory more predictive , says Gordon Kane of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
A major criticism of the theory is that it fails to provide experimental tests that would support or falsify it .
If the vacuum project succeeds , then physicists would be able to find the class of vacua that fit with our own Universe .
They can use those solutions to make predictions about what might show up in experiments such as the Large Hadron Collider — a massive proton - smasher being built at CERN , the European particle - physics lab outside Geneva in Switzerland .
Kane says that , if the project works , he believes that evidence supporting string theory could emerge “ within a few weeks ” of the accelerator 's start - up .
But others are less optimistic about the vacuum project 's chances of success .
There 's no guarantee that the 10500 possibilities predicted by the theory will be easily categorized , and it 's likely they wo n't be , says Seiberg .
“ It 's a very complicated system , ” he says .
Searching for the few solutions that match our own Universe will be worse than looking for a needle in a haystack , he adds .
Still , he believes the project may yield interesting findings .
ADVERTISEMENT
Others are more sceptical .
Sifting through a near - infinite number of vacua provides no deeper understanding of the theory , according to mathematician Peter Woit of Columbia University in New York City , who is frequently critical of string theory .
The fact that physicists are interested in a statistical approach is a sign of desperation , he argues .
“ It would be better to say , ' okay , [ string theory ] does n't work . ' "
Dienes accepts these criticisms , and concedes that the plan is “ absolutely controversial ” .
Nevertheless , he believes it is the best way forward .
“ The plethora of vacua is an urgent issue , ” he says .
“ I want to understand our space of possibilities . ”
< a > surveys </a> - <a > Take Our Poll </a>
He spoofed the HR director 's work phone number , then the number of that guy 's boss , before moving up to a vice president , and finally , the CEO .
Says he had no choice .
He also says " this thing that I did is bad and should be outlawed . "
This thing that he did is perfectly legal , you may know already , although efforts have been under way to have that rectified .
( March 3 update : In defense of Caller - ID spoofing . )
Background :
The major telecom equipment maker whose employ A.G. Bell had recently left owed him thousands in unpaid commissions , he says , yet the HR department stopped returning his calls , instead " hiding behind voicemail . "
Spoofing the HR director 's number got his underlings to pick up the phone , at least until they wised to that ploy , at which point Bell - a fictitious name I 'm affording him to protect his current job at another telecom vendor - started spoofing numbers right on up to the top of the org chart ( not to mention a White House number - seriously ) .
" Juvenile ?
Yes , " Bell acknowledges .
" Effective at getting past call screeners ?
Absolutely .
Subject to horrible abuse ?
Totally . "
He says he always identified himself honestly once he got a live voice on the line .
We 've been chatting via e-mail about what he did , his minor ambivalence about having done it , and his major concerns over the ease with which others with more criminal agendas could abuse spoofing services .
( Such abuse is already common , experts say . )
What follows is an edited transcript :
At what point did the light go on and you thought : " Hey , I 'll use a caller - ID spoofing service so they can't hide behind voice mail " ?
In my mind I was a victim forced to use distasteful means to take care of my family .
I worked in the converged voice space , so the mechanics of caller ID were not unfamiliar to me or to the crew of geeks that I call friends .
The light went on over beers - I was complaining about the former employer 's call - dodging to some engineer friends and the suggestion of using a local vendor 's lab to spoof Caller ID came up .
Another engineer at the table said , " Do n't reinvent the wheel , just Google ' spoof Caller ID service . ' "
I got 32,000 hits .
Spoofcard came up first .
Explain the mechanics of how Spoofcard works .
So , I gave them $ 20 for an hour of Caller ID misrepresentation .
Although I hate that it seems to be legal for them to offer this service , I love their implementation .
Speaking as an engineer and a salesman , they really built a sweet platform .
You call a toll - free number , enter your Spoofcard account number , enter the 10 - digit number you wish to call , and then the 10 - digit number you wish to be displayed on the recipient 's Caller ID .
... Prompts go like this :
Press one to record the call , two to not record ; press one to use your normal voice , two to use a man 's voice , three to use a woman 's voice .
The conversation would be recorded with no beeps , artifacts or notification that recording was taking place , and the recording could be downloaded at leisure from Spoofcard.com .
For $ 20 I had a complete record and recording of every call made , of every voicemail left .
Beautiful .
Did you have qualms about doing it ?
Any concerns about legality ?
Ethical ?
Moral ?
I honestly had more concern with the way it would be perceived if my claim had gone to court ( perception of the judge ) than over the legality or ethics of the spoofing itself .
Had my former employer not been in breach of contract , been acting immorally ( in my opinion ) or been refusing to take or return my calls , then there is no way that I would have been able to rationalize spoofing other people 's ID .
To be clear - I always identified myself when the call was picked up ; it was the calling party line ID that was misrepresented , not the caller ( me ) .
Did it work for you ?
Did it get you what you wanted ?
It worked great .
Certainly it took a tactic ( ignore calls , do not engage ) away from my former employer , and I know that it directly generated internal dialog ( Why is caller ID not working right for my phone .
How did he do that ?
Is he allowed to do that ? ) which was the objective of the exercise .
... I got 100 percent of what I was owed .
Having used the service yourself , how could you see it being abused ?
Say you receive a call from your bank telling you that your card is suspected of having had fraudulent use .
The Caller ID says it 's your bank and the toll - free number is the real number of their fraud department .
You trust the Caller ID displayed and provide all the information needed for Boris in Estonia to rob you blind .
Telemarketers could use this mercilessly .
Collections agencies ( kind of the role I was forced into ) could avoid creditor call screening .
Stalkers could use this to harass their victims .
...
The truth is Caller ID is near ubiquitous , it is trusted info by most people , and the abuse or fraudulent usage of such a service should be very severely punished .
Yet you went ahead and used it anyway ?
How can you reconcile that contradiction ?
Yep , sure could appear to be hypocrisy and I 'm not sure that it is n't .
I 'm not convinced that we do have tough enough ( or clear enough ) laws to penalize misrepresentation of Caller ID for criminal purposes , and there is nothing that Spoofcard did that I can see that would prevent its misuse ( like announcing " Spoofcard , this call is purely for entertainment purposes " when the call connected ; callback with " Spoofcard , the last call your received was a joke " , etc. ) .
I feel like a farmer that once used fertilizer and diesel to blow up a tree stump :
Sure was easy , worked great , cheap , did n't hurt anyone ... but what could a bad guy do with this ?
For years , sperm whales and elephant seals were thought to hold world records for holding their breath under water .
But those animals have nothing on beaked whales .
Using digital tags temporarily suction - cupped to two species of beaked whales , researchers led by scientists at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution tracked Cuvier ’s beaked whales diving to depths of nearly 6,230 feet ( 1,900 meters ) and staying down for 85 minutes .
They also documented smaller Blainville ’s beaked whales diving 4,100 feet ( 1,250 meters ) for up to 57 minutes .
“ These data establish beaked whales as the extreme breath - hold champions of all animals studied so far , ” said WHOI engineer Mark Johnson , who developed the “ D - tags , ” which record whale movements , their echolocations , and other underwater sounds .
“ Because these animals spend so much of their lives under water , we knew very little about them beyond what we could learn from strandings and see from research vessels , ” said WHOI biologist Peter Tyack , lead author of a paper published October 2006 in the Journal of Experimental Biology .
“ Now we know more about the behavior of beaked whales at depth than many of us had ever dreamed . ”
Working with colleagues from the University of La Laguna in Spain , the University of Aarhus in Denmark , BluWest , and the NATO Undersea Research Center in Italy , WHOI scientists tagged and studied seven Cuvier ’s beaked whales ( Ziphius cavirostris ) in the Ligurian Sea off the coast of Italy and three Blainville ’s beaked whales ( Mesoplodon densirostris ) off the island of El Hierro in Spain ’s Canary Islands in 2003 and 2004 .
Both sites boast gaping undersea canyons that plunge more than 6,500 feet ( 2,000 meters ) below the ocean surface .
Deep dining
Data from the D- tags ( see “ D - Tagging Along with Whales , ” below ) may help answer questions surrounding possible impacts of sonar testing on beaked whales , which have been found stranded with symptoms of decompression sickness after naval exercises in both regions .
The information has also shined light on the dark and mysterious world of beaked whales .
Tyack said the beaked whales ’ diving capacity outmatched reigning breath - hold champions such as sperm whales and elephant seals .
Sperm whales , which have been studied far more extensively , can dive for more than an hour to depths greater than 4,000 feet ( 1,200 meters ) , but typically dive for 45 minutes to depths of 2,000 to 3,280 feet ( 600 to 1,000 , meters ) .
Elephant seals , can spend up to two hours in depths nearly 5,000 feet ( more than 1,500 meters ) , but typically dive for only a half - hour to 1,640 feet ( 500 meters ) .
“ We ’re still not sure about the physiology behind how beaked whales do it , ” Johnson said , “ but somehow or another , they do , and they make a living out of it . ”
The beaked whales dive deep to feed on squid and deep - water fish .
During deep dives , hydrophones on the D - tags recorded regular echolocation clicks and buzzes , as well as echoes of what appeared to be prey — strong evidence that the whales were using echolocation to forage .
Details of feeding behavior emerge
Accelerometer and magnetometer sensors on the tags combined with the hydrophones to indicate that the beaked whales are highly selective about what they eat .
They pass up echoes from hundreds of targets before selecting one to capture and eat .
On at least one occasion , two whales descended in tandem and foraged in the same general vicinity , feeding independently but remaining close enough to keep acoustic tabs on each other by listening for each other ’s clicks , Tyack said .
In his lab , Tyack played a computer file that juxtaposed whale movement and audio data collected by the D - tags .
The file show dots ( representing whales ) descending and making regular series of echolocation clicks in search of food .
Every now and then , the clicks accelerate , indicating moments when each whale found and tried to catch prey , Tyack said .
“ To a point , there definitely was some degree of synchronicity to their diving movements , ” he said recently .
“ I do n’t know if they have a social mechanism for catching prey , but maybe they stay in contact to find the best patch . ”
Scientists observed that beaked whales only engaged in echolocation at the very deepest parts of their dives , and that these clicks had little energy below 20 kiloHertz — well beyond the human hearing range .
To Tyack , these data suggested that the animals were doing their best to remain undetected by predators such as killer whales and white sharks , which generally patrol only the uppermost reaches of the water column .
Possible impacts from sonar
D - tag data showed that once the whales reached the surface after a deep dive , they stayed near the surface making shallow dives for an hour or more .
It appears that the whales dive so long that they use up most of their oxygen stores before the dive is done and need to resort to anaerobic metabolism for part of their dives .
The shallow diving behavior seems to indicate that the whales may need to rest to process lactic acid , a byproduct of anaerobic metabolism , before they embark on their next deep plunges .
Tyack likened this recovery process to “ the way human athletes use gentle exercise to clear lactic acid from overworked muscles after an intense workout . ”
The data also indicate that after their deep dives , the whales ascend slowly .
This behavior is mysterious because the animals , being breath - hold divers , do n’t have to ascend gradually to avoid decompression as scuba divers would : Underwater pressure below 330 feet ( 100 meters ) collapses the animals ’ lungs , preventing gas from entering their blood , Tyack said .
“ Why do n’t they stay longer at depth to feed and then come up more rapidly ? ”
Tyack asked .
“ We have learned a lot , but clearly there are still some puzzles about why they dawdle on the way up . ”
Despite the whales ’ physiological adaptations to avoid decompression , necropsies on beaked whales that stranded after recent sonar testing showed that the animals had symptoms consistent with decompression sickness .
Tyack hinted that sonar may provoke behavioral changes that make whales vulnerable to stranding .
Tyack said it is imperative for scientists to help reduce the impact of sonar on whales in the future .
In their ongoing efforts , he and colleagues will use hydrophone arrays off the Bahamas this summer to detect the telltale echolocations of beaked whales and conduct controlled experiments to measure how beaked whales respond to sonar - like sound stimuli .
Meanwhile , Johnson , is working on a kind of “ distant early warning system ” for beaked whales that could help alert navy personnel to the presence of beaked whales before they start the sonar .
Funding to develop D- tags was provided by a Cecil H. and Ida M. Green Technology Award at WHOI and the Office of Naval Research .
Funding for the beaked whale fieldwork came from the Strategic Environmental Research and Development Program , the National Ocean Partnership Program , the Packard Foundation , the Canary Islands Government , and the Spanish Ministry of Defense .
BluWest , the NATO Undersea Research Center , and the Government of El Hierro provided fieldwork support .
D - Tagging Along with Whales
They ’re smaller than a sandal and not much more technologically sophisticated than an iPod , yet D - tags have revolutionized the way scientists study whales .
The tags , invented in 1999 by Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution engineer Mark Johnson , are instruments that record the movements and sounds made by marine mammals , and the sounds around them in their inaccessible underwater environment .
Johnson developed the tags to get a better sense of what whales were doing in the depths .
Today , WHOI scientists are using them to do just that , incorporating the technology into research projects involving beaked whales , sperm whales , and orcas , to name a few .
“ D - tags are useful for studying the behavior of any marine mammal , but their strengths come out with animals that only come to the surface for a few seconds at a time , ” he said .
“ With this technology , you can record the behavior of animals in the pitch black of midnight , a mile below the sea surface , with the same detail that you could in a lab . ”
The hardware behind these feats consists of hydrophones to capture sounds up to 196 kiloHertz , as well as an accelerometer and magnetometer to measure the animals ’ orientation 50 times a second as they are swimming .
It also includes 6 gigabytes of memory , a battery that lasts up to 24 hours , and a saltwater switch that turns on the device the moment it hits the water .
Technologically speaking , Johnson said some these components are not much different from those found in popular portable digital media devices like the iPod .
He noted that future generations of the device also may incorporate Global Positioning System receivers that can take a waypoint every time the subject animal surfaces .
“ The more functionality we can add , the better , ” he said of the $ 3,000 device .
None of these whiz - bang gizmos would survive the deep sea without protection from the pressure .
With this in mind , the technology is encased safely in a cell phone - sized polyurethane case filled with oil .
The case attaches to a whale for an average of eight to 12 hours with a set of silicone suction cups .
Scientists approach by boat and affix the device with a handheld pole .
Of course the act of applying a D - tag is n’t easy ; currently , Johnson said there are only a handful of researchers who know the technique .
As the tags become more widespread at WHOI and other research institutions around the world , he said he plans to host workshops to straighten the learning curve .
DIGG THIS
In his treatise Human Action , Ludwig von Mises made many sage comments about the conduct of research not only in economics but in sociology , psychology , history , and other disciplines .
One of his comments on the study of history seems particularly relevant to the literature that I have been focusing on for several years , namely , the political economy of the War Between the States .
Consider the following statement from page 48 of the Scholar ’s Edition of Human Action ( Mises Institute , 1998 ) , in a section entitled " The Scope and Specific Method of History " :
It is obvious that the historian must not be biased by any prejudices and party tenets .
Those writers who consider historical events as an arsenal of weapons for the conduct of their party feuds are not historians but propagandists and apologists .
They are not eager to acquire knowledge but to justify the program of their parties . . . .
They usurp the name of history for their writings as a blind in order to deceive the incredulous .
I was reminded of this passage recently when a friend sent me an email link that included the announcement of the 2007 " Lincoln Fellows " at the Claremont Institute , the shrine in California devoted to the worshipping of Abe Lincoln and Winston Churchill .
The Institute said it was proud to announce its latest Lincoln Fellows , who will be treated to eight days of indoctrination this summer in Newport Beach , California .
There is no pretense that this " fellowship " program is a scholarly endeavor .
The first line of the announcement says " Lincoln Fellowships are offered to professionals serving elected officials or appointed policy makers in the federal government , as well as staff members of national political parties , non-profit institutions that research and publish on public policy and constitutional issues , and political editorialists in the media . "
Political hacks , propagandists and apologists , in other words .
This of course is an untrue statement .
Claremont ’s Lincoln Fellowships are intended for Republican Party hacks , propagandists and apologists only ( or a few wayward Democrats who , like the odious Joe Lieberman , support the neoconservative foreign policy agenda of world domination , imperialism , and perpetual global warfare ) .
" Alumni " of the program are said to include " senior staff of United States Representatives and Senators , White House staff and speech writers , and senior advisors in numerous U.S. [ government ]
Departments and agencies .
Indeed , a California newspaper editor recently mentioned to me that Claremont staffer Ken Masugi has left the shrine to work as a speech writer for Alberto " Torture Chamber " Gonzalez .
This makes perfect sense .
You are not likely to find anything Masugi has ever written being used as scholarly input at any university in America outside of Claremont , California .
But like all other Claremontistas , he is capable of inserting out - of - context and a-historical quotes from Lincoln ( whom he habitually calls " Father Abraham " ) into a politician ’s speeches to give " the incredulous " the impression that the politician ’s policies would meet with Dishonest Abe ’s approval .
I suspect that Masugi will inform Gonzalez of the passage in the book , Fate of Liberty , by fellow Lincoln cultist Mark Neely , Jr. , where Neely describes how the Lincoln regime employed its own torture chambers , which included water torture , among other things .
According to Neely , the torture of Northern civilians , not enemy soldiers , was exposed when a British subject was subjected to it by mistake and the British foreign minister protested and demanded the man ’s release ( he had been unjustly imprisoned without due process since Habeas Corpus was suspended by Dishonest Abe ) .
Despite the fact that this barbaric behavior was revealed to the public , Lincoln did nothing to stop it according to Neely .
It ’s a good bet that this story will be fed to Alberto Gonzalez at some point .
If " Father Abraham " did it , then it surely must be acceptable .
Looking over the list of this year ’s Claremontista Lincoln Fellows , there appears to be a preference in favor of spies , spooks , Defense Department propagandists , and Republican Party hacks and hangers on in general .
There ’s a " Strategic Planning Commissioner " from the U.S. Department of Defense , no doubt a junior member of the Pentagon Cheney gang .
The treasurer of the California Republican Party will be honing his Lincoln - quoting skills as well ( perhaps with an Austrian accent ) .
The California director of the Republican Jewish Coalition with a background in the " Naval Intelligence Reserves " will also engage in Lincoln fellowship .
A " Director for Counterproliferation Strategy at the National Security Council , " formerly with the U.S. State Department , will be indoctrinated in neoconservative political correctness this summer , as will a former bureaucrat at the wasteful , useless , and scandal - ridden Department of Homeland Security .
They will be joined by a former " Senior Writer at the Republican National Committee , " and a few bureaucrats from the Bush State Department and the Defense Intelligence Agency ( a.k.a. , the Neocon War Propaganda Agency ) .
All of the fellows will be treated to a week of seminars on " the theory and literature of the American founding , the statesmanship of Abraham Lincoln , and the rise of modern liberalism . . . "
Judging by everything I ’ve ever read by Claremont Cult Leader Harry Jaffa , which is simply repeated over and over by his acolytes , what the fellows will be taught , essentially , is the fake and mythical " history " of the American founding that was first concocted by Alexander Hamilton and repeated by fellow nationalists ( advocates of a centralized , monopolistic government with dictatorial executive powers ) such as John Marshall , Joseph Story , Rufus King , Daniel Webster , Henry Clay , and Dishonest Abe .
Short shrift — if any shrift at all — will be given to the anti-nationalists , also known as the anti-Federalists or Jeffersonians .
Hamilton revealed the nationalists ’ hand at the constitutional convention , where he proposed a president for life ( i.e. , a king ) who would appoint all the governors of the states and have veto power over all state legislation .
Under this scheme the citizens of the states would have no control whatsoever over the central government , just has the American colonists had no control over the government of King George , III .
Hamilton ’s plan was discarded , after which he denounced the Constitution as a " frail and worthless fabric . "
But he and his ( Federalist ) party did not give up .
They immediately began rewriting history claiming , for example , that the states were never sovereign , that the Constitution was adopted by " the whole people " of America , not the citizens of the states .
This is part of the Claremontista dogma , but it is probably the biggest lie in all of American history .
The purpose of the lie was to use this mythical " history " to propagandize for Hamilton ’s dream of a monopolistic central government .
All political power must be centralized in the nation ’s capitol , the Federalists argued , and the citizens of the states must not interfere .
They believed that the central government should be the master , rather than the servant , of the people .
( All to serve " the public good , " one of Hamilton ’s favorite phrases . )
The Jeffersonians believed the opposite .
( See The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Constitution by Kevin Gutzman for an overview of this history . )
The Federalists became the Whigs in the 1830s , and then the Republicans in the 1850s ( and thereafter ) .
It is telling that during the War to Prevent Southern Independence , European commentators on the war , including such luminaries as Charles Dickens and John Stuart Mill , quite naturally referred to the Northern Army in their writings as the army of " the Federalists " ( see Charles Adams ’ new book , Slavery , Secession , and Civil War ) .
The Big Lie about the " whole people " adopting the Constitution , and the citizens of the " free and independent states , " as they are called in the Declaration of Independence , never being sovereign , is the false " history " of the founding that is taught at Claremont .
It is not actual history , but a modern rendition of the Big Hamiltonian ( and Lincoln ) lie .
It was the lie that was invoked by Dishonest Abe as his " justification " for micromanaging a war that killed 300,000 of his fellow citizens , all for the abstraction of " the glorious union , " which finally realized the Hamiltonian dream of a monopolistic central government with unlimited powers .
But as Judge Andrew Napolitano pointed out in his book , The Constitution in Exile ( p. 49 ) , all one needs to do to expose this lie is to read Article VII of the Constitution : " The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States shall be sufficient for the Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same . "
The Constitution " was not approved by the people in the form of a national plebiscite , " writes Napolitano .
This is true American history , unlike the version that is spouted at Claremont .
This is just one of the bigger lies that will be taught to the Republican Party propagandists and apologists at Claremont this summer , all in the name of " recovering " the " moral conditions of free society , " as their press release says .
The Best of Thomas DiLorenzo
This last week or so will likely be the most exciting this year for any avid PC gamer : both Crysis and Unreal Tournament III have been released ( not to mention the latest in the Half - Life 2 saga ) .
These are high adrenalin , action - packed first person shooters .
Both are technical and artistic marvels ( consisting of “ next generation ” graphics ) all while being loads of fun to play .
Another game came out for the PC around the same time with slightly less elevated status ( but still widely praised ) : Gears of War .
It has been available on the Xbox 360 now for a year .
But as I do n’t own an Xbox 360 , I picked up a copy for the PC last week .
The only problem is , it did n’t ( and still does n’t ) work at all .
And I ’m not alone .
In one of the official forums for the game , there are 68 pages worth of gamers complaining about almost the same issue : the game locks up soon after first loading .
Right now there ’s no fix or solution , and Best Buy will not return my purchase ( I do n’t know of a store that takes back open games ) .
So I ’m stuck with a $ 50 paperweight for now with the hope that the game developer will eventually release a fix / patch to resolve this issue .
Was I annoyed ?
Very .
I have a friend and fellow columnist , Paul Ellis , who swears by the Xbox 360 and does n’t understand the PC gamer .
After all , in order to run the latest games mentioned above , I need some fairly hefty hardware .
I purchased , that is , built my own computer over the summer for around $ 1,500 .
The video card alone was nearly $ 400 ( more than the cost of buying an Xbox 360 ) .
Also , Xbox 360 games just work .
You do n’t need to check system requirements and make sure you have enough RAM or hard drive space before installation .
And your TV ( where you ’d most likely play with your Xbox 360 ) is likely to be bigger than your computer monitor .
So why do n’t I save a lot of hassle , headache , and money by switching to an Xbox 360 ( or other gaming console ) ?
For whatever reason , PC gaming is just more fun for me .
I enjoy being on the cutting ( bleeding ? ) edge with the best possible graphics and games .
I prefer the precision of the keyboard and mouse to the clunkiness of the console controller .
And I like being in full control of the game settings ( even if that causes other problems ) .
Yes , it ’s true .
In terms of pricing and overall ease of use , console gaming should win hands down .
PC gaming may be for fools , but I still love it .
Jon S. von Tetzchner , interview : anglický originál / English original
21 . 2 . 2008 | Robert Krátký | Rozhovory | 17333 ×
1 ) What would it take for you to release Opera as open source ?
I know you 've already said in the past that open - sourcing would not bring any benefit to you , so I 'm just checking whether there 's been any change on that front .
– I 'm sure it would make all the Linux and BSD users happy .
The real question is why , and is it really important .
In our world view what is important is open standards .
If you have a choice between open standards and open source , our choice would always be open standards .
Luckily , most of the time open source companies are actually happy with open standards so that 's not really much of a challenge there but what we believe is important are open standards because then you have a choice .
That you can switch products depending on your priorities .
And then there is the question of the open community .
We have a very open community , we work with people a lot .
I think the way we work , as a company , in many ways , is like as if we were open source .
Now , people do n't have access to our source code but people communicate with us , they give us feedback , they test our products .
So we have a very open way of working with people .
So then the question is why would we open source and what would be the benefit of that .
Btw , I 've done open source myself , I made a project at Telenor Research .
I made a program that took FrameMaker content and completely converted it to HTML .
And I did that in open source .
And it worked beautifully .
But at the same time when I stopped working on the project it died .
Even though everyone was using it .
It was by far the most popular way to get FrameMaker documents into HTML .
It was extremely powerful , it could take whole FrameMaker books , including chapters and multiple documents and convert it all – with images , links across documents , indexing – the whole thing was converted to HTML .
But when I stopped it then the situation changed .
My impression is that if we were to open source Opera , some people would be able to look at our source code and they could potentially help us .
I think still most of the work would be done by us .
Just like it actually is with the other major open source projects .
If you want to contribute to one of the open source projects it 's not all that easy in practice .
Because there 's someone as a gatekeeper who controls it .
So I 'm not sure if we would gain that much from it and there would be the risk that people would look at our code and run away with it .
2 ) Opera always prided itself on being available for almost any device that can access the Internet .
So one of the benefits could be that the community would help you with porting and maintaining Opera on different platforms .
For example , the Linux distributors would take care of packaging the software for their distributions so you would n't have to prepare the builds by yourself .
I actually think we would .
The heart of the code is the kernel .
And we 're working very hard just to make sure that we 're always keeping things in line .
So the amount of work we spend in taking code and remerging it is tremendous .
Because we 're doing something like 100 different projects on a lot of different operating systems .
And we would like the knowledge from these projects to get in and improve .
So the complexity of that is tremendous .
When I was doing open source there were lot of people helping me .
I did most of the work but there were some people who were contributing to the code .
Most of the suggestions – I was n't using CVS , I was just hard - merging the code – would 've broken the code .
This is what we see as well with new programmers as they come in – if you have new people who do n't know the code , the chance of them doing something wrong is greater .
If you see a symptom and if you do n't understand the code , if you have n't worked with it for some time , you fix the symptom but not the cause .
So this why most open source projects , when they get to this size , they start having these gatekeepers .
And the gatekeeper 's job is very very important – to make sure that all of the code is of a certain level .
So I 'm not sure we would get that much benefit from this .
And I think the risk would be bigger .
And , obviously , then there would be a discussion as to what license .
We 've seen some of the open source companies having big discussions on which license .
We could choose a license and then people would be quickly complaining why not GPL , why not GPL version 3 or something like that .
So we will continue to commit to open standards , we will continue to work closely with everyone , we 'll continue to work with people doing open source .
There 's no question about our support for Linux .
We work with our open source competitors or sometimes partners in many ways on providing the new standards .
Again , I 'm not convinced that it would help us as a company to go open source .
We have not seen any way that would allow us to do that and at the same time continue to increase investment .
It 's not like Trolltech .
3 ) What is your reaction to the news about Trolltech [ being bought by Nokia ] ?
What do you think it 's going to bring about ?
You chose the Qt as the widget framework for your Unix versions .
Now that Qt is a part of Nokia , do you think there 's going to be any change for you ?
I do n't really see much of a change from that perspective .
From what I understand we will be able to continue to work the same way .
We work with both Trolltech and Nokia .
Nokia is a partner , Trolltech is a partner .
Partner buys a partner .
I do n't think it will change all that much for us .
The communication from Nokia and Trolltech is that they will continue to develop Qt on desktop and in general .
I do n't really see a reason why that change should have any significant impact on us .
4 ) When deciding on what features to implement next , do you monitor the state of standard support in other browsers ?
Do you model your future plans based on what they do , or do you have your own roadmap ?
I think that if you look at the history and you do a comparison you see that most of the times we 're the ones that first come with ideas .
Obviously , if someone says ' these other browsers have this , why do n't you have that ? ' then we have to take that into consideration .
But in general we always try to be the first .
We prefer to be the innovator rather than the ones who follow .
Of course , if someone has a good idea then we would look at that as well .
That 's the way the business works .
5 ) The reason why I 'm asking this question is that there 's been a couple of occasions when there was the same bug or mistake in the rendering engines of Opera and Firefox and once this bug was reported in the Firefox bug - tracking system it got very quickly fixed in Opera .
In the next beta - release of Opera , it was fixed .
Do you think it 's just a coincidence , or do you actually monitor their bugs ?
It 's a coincidence .
You may find that sometimes when people report a bug , they report it in both Firefox and Opera at the same time – especially security bugs .
What happens quite often is that if you have someone reporting a security bug they check it in all the different browsers and they report it to all the different vendors at the same time .
And then we often do n't release anything until , for example , Firefox has fixed it – even though we fixed it quicker .
I think there 's a good general rule that you announce the issue after you fixed it , not before .
6 ) Would you consider including a general extension interface ?
While it is possible to add custom JavaScript to Opera , many users would appreciate a more open interface .
It 's something that we have evaluated many times .
We 'll probably do something in the future .
Our focus has been more on widgets – making applications that run outside the browser and are able to build on web technology .
On the extensions side , traditionally our focus has been ' let 's try to build as much into the browser as possible so people have a choice ' .
So we do it in a way that 's tightly integrated and works out of the box .
We 've done so much – you mention extensions through user JavaScript , we 've done it through CSS and we continue to find new ways to do it .
It 's clear that Firefox has a more extensible way of doing that .
It will not be soon but we may provide some easier ways in the future to add more functionality to Opera .
7 ) You mentioned built - in functionality .
As it is , Opera is the Swiss knife of browsers .
Apart from the browser , there 's a mail client , IRC client , BitTorrent client and what not .
So what 's next ?
What other major feature are you planning on adding in the future ?
There 's going to be a lot more .
That 's always the case .
What we 're trying to do is we 're trying to look at what people want and need .
And we believe that every individual deserves to get their things in there .
So we try to do that while keeping the code small .
We continue to manage to keep the size of the program smaller than any of the competitors while we have a lot more functionality .
So we 'll continue to do that .
In Opera 9.5 we added things like searchable history which means that you can find any part .
If you just search for a word you will be able to find any document that has the word in it .
And if you work with a very big disk cache you can potentially keep a month of browsing on your disk or even more and you would be able to find any content that you 've browsed .
So that 's a very powerful feature .
We also introduced Opera Link which synchronizes bookmarks between your Opera instances and with web content – if you 're using other browsers you can synchronize through that .
We will continue to innovate but a lot of the focus is also just on improving the browser core .
I think there 's more now happening with browsers than has been for some time , there 's HTML 5 coming out and a lot of things happening in general .
So just continuing to improve the browser core is very important .
It 's not only about adding features per se ; the requirements on the browser side are increasing .
There is an important change with regards to the web .
I think the web is becoming more and more powerful .
This is , to a certain extent , what Microsoft was afraid of – that the web might become a new platform .
There is a significant reason to believe that that may happen .
That 's why we 're fighting for open standards .
The web is such an important place , people have access to a wealth of information .
It can make a change in countries where information is controlled because you can have access to data from other countries .
The web on mobiles can be useful in countries that do n't have that many fixed lines and where building fixed lines would be difficult .
There we can help people get online through Opera Mini , for example .
8 ) Are there any plans for a voice - command interface for platforms other than Windows ?
For us to do that , it requires partnerships .
So we have to convince IBM , or someone else , to provide that because that module is provided by IBM and we do n't really have the competence to do that .
9 ) But would you like to ?
Yes .
I mean , we would love to provide it on Linux , for example .
We can try to convince IBM .
10 ) Is the default user interface , as seen in the 9.50 beta , going to change before the final release ?
What kind of feedback have you received regarding the default layout ?
In general , positive .
It may well change somewhat , we 're always taking feedback .
But overall the feedback has been quite positive in this regard .
We 're always trying to find a balance between introducing or changing new things and breaking everything for everyone who has their customary way of working .
11 ) If you had to pick one feature that , in your opinion , definitely rocks and one that needs a lot of improvement , which would they be ?
I think those are sometimes the same .
There 's a lot of things that can always be improved and I suppose I like being critical with respect to trying to do things better because I always think you can do better .
I use Opera extensively for everything .
I actually implemented some of the stuff in the original versions , I did parts of the UI so anything wrong is my fault and everything right is the guys doing it .
Last time I coded something it took them six months to find the bug that I introduced so they want me to never code again .
With Opera with perfected the multi- window thing and the sessions and the like .
I think that 's something that most browsers still do not do by default .
I would not be able to work with a browser that does not have sessions .
That 's one thing .
Single - key keyboard shortcuts .
That 's something we also have that I consider very important .
We turned them off now by default because some people were hitting the keys and did n't understand why – but to me it 's part of accessibility .
And speed .
Both of those .
The guy that gave me some input on that is Brian Campbell .
He has a muscular disease , he lives in Canada .
And he gave me feedback to make sure that the browser would be usable for him .
To me that 's a very important function .
I think it 's very effective and I get very annoyed when I have to use a browser that does n't have that .
Mouse gestures are extremely powerful if you like using the mouse .
I use the Mail extensively , I have over 50 thousand mails in my mailbox and I need to be able to find whatever mail content very quickly .
I can write any word and find mails that include it .
If you send me an e-mail and I want to find all e-mails from me to you I press a key and I 'm there .
And then I can access all the mails .
It 's just very very effective .
An extension to that is the new functionality with history .
It 's a kind of a next level with more and more content becoming accessible through a database interface .
I think that 's natural with the amount of data that we 're consuming and keeping track of – you need something like that .
Another thing are the bookmarks .
There 's something I do n't think many people are using which is the alias so you can give your bookmarks your own name .
If you write that name you can access that server without having to write the address or go through the bookmarks which is more cumbersome .
Then the zoom and fit to window .
Now and then you come to a site where you have to zoom .
When I'm on a computer with a smaller display then sometimes a page would not fit on the screen because some web designers had the wisdom to code it for 1024 pixels .
I can then fit the page to the window or I can zoom in .
when someone enters a very long comment in a forum I can have it fit and I do n't have to scroll horizontally .
There is a very long list of functions .
12 ) What about the ones that you think are lagging behind .
What does Opera lack ?
Debugging .
The debugging tools available for Firefox at this time are better than Opera's .
We have to improve that and we have a plan to do so .
Like Firebug .
We know that developers complain about Opera not having anything comparable .
We are working on that , we will improve .
Then there are some people who would like extensions .
Maybe we 'll add something like that in the future .
We are trying to make things easier for developers but our focus has been on widgets and we think that widgets are in some ways more important because they provide you with something that runs cross-platform .
It 's more of a paradigm shift than just being able to program the application .
Overall , every functionality in Opera can be improved .
It 's just , as a general rule , we can make it a little bit easier here and a little bit easier there but sometimes it 's the small things that matter and not the big things .
13 ) How do you coordinate your development efforts across the globe ?
What sort of communication tools do you use in - house ?
You would find that we use a lot of the same tools as other people .
This is the complexity I was talking about before .
When you deliver a hundred different projects a year and growing and you have people in different locations , the complexity of dealing with it is huge .
We will use any tools , including meetings in person at times , mail , we have obviously things like CVS , we use Skype , we use chats – it's a combination of a lot of different tools to communicate .
We use bug - tracking systems for communication as well .
So we have a lot of different systems working in combination to make it possible to work remotely .
14 ) What is your strategy for local markets ?
Do you have different strategies developed for different parts of the world ?
If I were to come to your office in India and San Diego would I see any difference ?
There are differences but in the office we try to keep certain things the same .
It 's not like they have to look the same .
If you go to a different offices you would find that they look fairly different .
What we try to find is a good working environment .
That 's what we try focus on in every single place .
That includes how the offices are organized , availability of light in the offices , that you 're able to sit and work comfortably , that you 're able to work with teams , and things like that .
And I think the thing that you find the same in every place is enthusiasm .
That people are enthusiastic about working at Opera and they like the products they 're working on and like getting the products out .
And I think that 's a very good thing .
Also in countries such as India where we could outsource if we wanted to , in those kinds of countries it is important for us that our office is established there , that it's an Opera entity , the people there are employed by us .
It has practical implications but everyone 's part of a family .
So I think that 's an important point of our strategy as well that we do n't rely on outsourcing .
With regards to the complexity of the code we have , we need very smart people .
That means we 're not going after volumes .
The important thing is to get the smart people , no to get as many people as possible .
If you get a lot people that are maybe not as good at coding the difference between a very good program and a good program is going to be ten to one .
15 ) A few years back there 's been a lot of speculation about a buyout by either Microsoft or Google .
Did you ever seriously consider this as an option ?
It 's not been something we 've been looking for .
Our focus is to build the company .
If we wanted to sell the company , we could have done that ten years ago for a fair amount of money when it was just Geir [ Ivarsøy - co-founder ] and myself .
We wanted to build it and we have no plans to change that .
At the same time we are on the market and we may have no choice if all the investors want to sell .
But that 's not what we 're looking for .
We want to build the company and get our products out of the door and that 's our focus .
16 ) When do you expect to see a decision in the matter of your December complaint to the European Commission ?
That 's a good question .
We do n't know .
I mean , we obviously believe that the case with Windows Media Player means that there is something to build on but at the same time I believe the Commission will have to work at the pace that they can .
So we 're hoping there will be positive things coming out of this shortly and I think in any case there is the positive effect of it that it raised the visibility of the importance of standards .
I do n't know if there is a direct correlation but Microsoft announced that they would be supporting Acid2 a few days afterwards .
Sadly , later on they were saying they will not completely support it but that 's another story .
I think , in a way , it 's having an impact .
Already there 's something positive coming out of this .
And we aim to continue to make sure that web standards will be the pillar of the web and that you will be able to continue to choose the browser of your choice .
Whether you want to use Opera or Firefox or Konqueror or Safari – you should be able to choose the browser as long as the browser follows the web standards and that 's the core of what we are doing here which is to provide people with choice .
And I think it 's working in that respect .
But how quickly the Commission gets to the first level which is basically ' ok , we agree ' or the second level which is remedies , that we will have to see .
17 ) You mentioned that there is a precedent for the Internet Explorer tie to the Windows operating system in the form of the September court ruling which suggests that this part of the complaint could succeed .
However , what chances do you think , realistically , has the second part , the part about following the standards ?
Do you think there 's a real chance that the Commission might rule in your favor ?
We would not have mentioned that if we did n't believe there was a good possibility of that .
We would not have done this .
We knew there was also risk that people would give us a hard time on this .
But we think the issue is too important to leave it be .
We 're talking about the future of the web here and I think that 's just something that 's worth fighting for .
We 're taking a risk in doing this but I think the benefit to the web as a whole and to the web community is just too great not to try .
And to be frank , I would be surprised if we do n't get something positive out of this .
18 ) Which of the two of Opera 's main revenue models is more profitable ?
Desktop or embedded ?
I would say they 're equally important .
Currently if you look at it , slightly over 20 per cent of our revenue is coming from the PC side , the rest is coming from embedded .
At the same time they 're tied because our desktop browser functions as a showcase of our technology .
And , btw , the desktop revenue has been growing faster over the last year .
So I think both of them are extremely important and we see it as a whole .
We get this question all the time : ' why do n't you just drop desktop and focus on mobiles ? ' or something like that .
And the way we see it , there 's only one net , one web .
What we 're trying to do is provide you with a good web experience from any device of your choice .
You want PCs , fine , you want mobiles , television , media players .
We 're trying to get you online to your favorite content and services .
That 's our goal .
We have the benefit that we can deliver that on everything with the same code .
So we do n't see this as a competition , we see the two models helping each other .
When we get the users to desktop it helps mobiles and vice versa .
19 ) While you do hold some Opera shares , it 's not a majority .
Would you be willing to share a bit of investment wisdom ?
What sort of companies do you invest in ?
Are you a conservative investor ?
I have all my investments in Opera .
I was one of the two founders of Opera so when we started I had 50 per cent .
After a while we got other investors , we gave stocks to the employees , we gave options to the employees and my share has been going down .
But it 's not because I 've been selling , it 's because there have been other people coming in .
Maybe it's not a very smart investment strategy that I put all my eggs in one basket but that 's the way it is .
All my investments are in Opera and I do n't have any plans to change that .
20 ) As you were there at the very beginning of Opera .
In retrospect , what would you have done differently if you knew then what you know now ?
There are always things that you can do better .
When we started the company we were coming straight from Telenor Research , we were computer scientists , not really businessmen .
So there are always things that you can do better but you do n't always know .
I 'm very happy that a certain amount of things did n't happen .
I 'm happy we did n't sell the company , I 'm happy we did n't get investors in very quickly – and we were fairly close to doing that and I 'm very happy we did n't .
Some of that is based on pure luck but I 'm happy none of that happened .
There are always things that can be improved but I have to admit that my focus is more on the future than on the past in general .
I try to learn from the past but I do n't really dwell on the past .
21 ) On the other hand , what do you think was a really good strategic decision ?
One that you would like to point at .
I 'm very happy with our choice to do the cross - platform thing .
We made a number of choices over the years when other people thought we should have done something different , including the investors .
For example , the investors wanted us to do WAP .
We said we did n't believe in WAP , we believed in one web everywhere , so we added support for WAP standards in Opera but we did n't go and make a WAP browser .
For a while there was a lot of focus on push technologies – the browser would no longer browse , you would watch the web on television .
We did n't believe in that , we did n't implement that .
You can now do that with the browser but we did n't think that you would like to passively watch the web .
Except when you choose to watch a movie but that 's another story .
We did n't believe in passive browsing and so far that 's been right .
We made choices in platforms that did n't play out .
For example , we chose to support the BeOS platform , a beautiful technology platform , which did n't work out but we 're happy that we did .
We chose to do Symbian very early .
Before Symbian was founded we did Psion .
People were telling us we were crazy to be doing this but I 'm happy we made the choice .
So there is a lot of decisions that we 've done over the years .
To do Linux and Mac .
We should 've done even more but we did n't have the resources to do it .
It 's always a tough thing when you do n't have a lot of money .
We were growing , we did n't have a lot of money to spend .
Even though we wanted to put more resources here and there we did n't really have a choice .
Now we have more and we 're adding more people and that 's a good thing .
22 ) Is the Prague Opera branch going to be just another development team , or do you plan to start some activities specifically for the Czech market ?
In the beginning we want to build a technical team here .
We 're also hoping that by doing that we 'll increase awareness of people here about Opera .
And I think over time we may well have people focusing on the Czech market in particular .
But the first step is to build a technical office .
It 's like that in all the places where we go .
We start either a marketing or technical team and then after a while we grow it to be both .
So that 's what we 're hoping to do here as well .
I would not be surprised if we have some people more on the marketing side inside one year .
Tor Odland :
It 's so centrally located , the Czech Republic .
We 're already in Poland but that 's definitely a development office .
Maybe this one will be as well but we 're keeping our options open .
Jon S. von Tetzchner : Sometimes it 's a question of what people show up .
We will always want smart people and we will try to hire them wherever we can .
23 ) The demand for developers in the Czech Republic is quite massive .
What do you plan to offer to your prospective employees ?
There 's a fair amount of people that get attracted to Opera .
The main point being that a browser is the most used application in the world .
If you 're working on an Opera product , you 're working on something that will be used by hundreds of thousands or millions of people .
You 'll be getting significant feedback and I think for every programmer to work on that kind of thing is a dream job – if you 're really interested .
If you just want to code and get paid for it , then you would go somewhere else .
But if you wanna code on something that actually makes a difference , on a product that is used by a lot of people , on a product about which you get feedback .
In some ways I think that a lot of people like what we stand for , that we 're focusing on open standards , on the availability of the Internet to as many as possible people out there .
They 're part of that by getting into Opera .
24 ) Apart from Prague , Brno in Moravia is also a popular destination for development centers , mainly because of its technical universities .
Why did you choose Prague ?
It was basically decided by the people .
The group of people that are here now come from Oslo .
This the way things typically work for us .
We have 44 nationalities working at Opera .
And now and then we make a decision that we want to open a new office .
What we usually do is that we send people – or they even request to go to a place .
And I think this was the most natural place for them to go .
Prague is very central , it 's also a very beautiful city , it 's easy to get here .
There are direct flights from Oslo , I think that 's a good thing .
I guess it 's not that difficult to get to Brno but this is a natural hub in many ways .
25 ) I know you are very fond of swimming in cold waters .
Would you consider going for a swim in the Vltava river that runs through Prague ?
eh ...
It 's not a trick question .
Do people actually do that ?
It 's not like it 's toxic or something ?
Well , it 's not the cleanest river in the world but you can swim in it .
I had a friend who , when he was getting married , swam in the Akerselva which goes through Oslo .
And he was swimming through a tunnel , totally dark , without anything .
And there were things moving , probably rats .
So , swimming in Oslo , which is what I was doing , was definitely very cold but also clean .
Hodnocení : 100 % špatné • dobré
Nástroje : Tisk bez diskuse
Uniqueness Typing Simplified , by Edsko de Vries , Rinus Plasmeijer , and David M. Abrahamson .
We present a uniqueness type system that is simpler than both Cleanâ€™s uniqueness system and a system we proposed previously .
The new type system is straightforward to implement and add to existing compilers , and can easily be extended with advanced features such as higher rank types and impredicativity .
We describe our implementation in Morrow , an experimental functional language with both these features .
Finally , we prove soundness of the core type system with respect to the call - by - need lambda calculus .
Uniqueness typing is related to linear typing , and their differences have been discussed here before .
Linear types have many applications .
This paper describes the difference between linear and unique types :
In linear logic , variables of a non-linear type can be coerced to a linear type ( dereliction ) .
Harrington phrases it well : in linear logic , " linear " means " will not be duplicated " whereas in uniqueness typing , " unique " means " has not been duplicated " .
In contrast to other papers on substructural typing , such as Fluet 's thesis Monadic and Substructural Type Systems for Region - Based Memory Management , this paper classifies uniqueness attributes by a kind system .
This possibility was mentioned in Fluet 's thesis as well , Section 4.2 , footnote 8 , though the technique used here seems somewhat different .
Uniqueness typing is generally used to tame side - effects in purely functional languages .
Uniqueness types have also been contrasted with monads on LTU , which are also used to tame effects , among other things .
One point not discussed in that thread , is how straightforward it is to compile each approach into efficient code .
It seems clear that uniqueness types have a straightforward , efficient compilation , but it 's not clear to me how efficient monads can be , and how much work is required to make them efficient .
This may make uniqueness or substructural types more suitable for just - in - time compilers than monads .
A storm in the North Sea helped to push the oil price closer to $ 100 a barrel today , as the average price of a litre of petrol broke through £ 1 for the first time in the UK .
A barrel of US light crude oil hit a new all - time high of $ 98.62 this morning , having reached $ 97.07 in fevered trading yesterday .
Brent crude also rose again , hitting a new high of $ 95.19 .
The rise was partly spurred by the declining dollar , which hit a new 26 - year low of $ 2.1053 against the pound in morning trading in London .
Traders said there were also fears that a severe storm , named Andrea , will disrupt supplies .
Andrea is expected to reach her maximum power on Friday morning , and waves as high as 11 m and winds of 110 km have already been recorded .
Two oil companies have already evacuated oil workers from some platforms .
BP has said it will suspend its Valhall oilfield , which generates 80,000 barrels a day , on Thursday night and move 150 people off its platforms .
ConocoPhillips , the US energy company , is moving 400 - 500 staff and may temporarily shut up to five platforms .
One report has claimed that some older platforms have sunk closer to the sea 's surface following subsidence on the seabed .
Fears of oil shortages have helped to drive the oil price higher in recent weeks , ahead of rising demand in Western countries this winter .
However Opec , the group of oil - producing nations , have denied that supply shortages are responsible .
It has blamed speculators .
The AA warned today that petrol today rose to an average of 100.08 p per litre , from 99.68 p yesterday .
" The larger than usual daily rise suggests that in addition to market forces more and more retailers are accepting that they have to break through the psychological £ 1.00 per litre barrier , and it is likely that with the average now through the barrier more will follow , " said Andrew Howard , head of road safety at the AA .
" This , coupled with steadily rising prices on the world oil markets mean that relief for the British motorist is unlikely in the near future , " Mr Howard added .
Other commodities have also been soaring .
Today gold jumped to $ 836.75 an ounce , partly thanks to the weak dollar .
ABC : No question McCain intervention helped Airbus David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday March 13 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Republican presidential candidate John McCain might be glad that he has n't received a whole lot of attention since he officially locked up his party 's nomination earlier this month , because most eyes are on the still - ongoing Democratic race .
But critics of the Arizona senator are starting to make waves about the Arizona senator 's relationships with lobbyists with a European company , by charging that the results cost Americans jobs , according to ABC News .
European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co. and Northop Grumman Corp. were awarded a $ 35 billion Pentagon contract last month to build new Air Force tankers , instead of Boeing Co. , and the Seattle - based company is formally challenging the agreement .
Boeing 's complaint asks the Government Accountability Office to make sure the EADS contract is fair .
McCain pushed for EADS to get the contract , and his campaign employs three former EADS lobbyists , although there is no specific evidence of impropriety , according to ABC .
" Mr. Clean has a bunch of lobbyists that work for a company that won that contract , " House Democratic Caucus chairman Rep. Rahm Emanuel , D - Ill. , told the network .
" Some people claim the way the specs were written , it was all but certain that the company that his campaign lobbyists worked for could n't but get that contract . "
McCain defended the arrangement , saying none of the EADS lobbyists he now employs lobbied him about the companies contract , and he notes that he does n't lack Boeing connections either , according to ABC :
But today in New Hampshire , McCain argued that his interest in opening up the bidding process was to benefit the taxpayer .
He cited his 2004 congressional investigation of a previous Boeing tanker deal , which uncovered a procurement scandal .
" The rather bizarre aspect of it is that I killed off a program that was going to cost the taxpayers an additional $ 6.2 billion , executives went to jail , CEOs were fired , " McCain said .
" What Senator McCain said he has tried to do is make the process for bidding more open , transparent and competitive , " explained ABC's Jake Tapper explained in a segment on the network .
" In making that argument , McCain has benefited this consortium run largely by Airbus .
It has benefited that company without question .
Was Senator McCain trying to benefit that company ?
That 's an open question but Boeing seems to think so .
A lot of the Democrats in Congress seem to think that the deck was stacked against Boeing .
" More details from The New York Times here .
This video is from ABCNews.com , broadcast March 13 , 2008 .
Greg Sanderson
Executive Producer , BBC Storyville
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Henry Marsh is handy with tools .
His favourite hobby is woodwork : " I love to work with my hands , " he says .
That is just as well , because when not working with the lathe , Henry is wielding scalpels in the operating theatre as one of the UK 's most respected neurosurgeons , or , sometimes , boring a Bosch drill into the brain of a conscious man .
Fifteen years ago , Henry visited Ukraine to give a series of lectures on brain surgery .
He was shocked by what he witnessed .
Decades of under - investment in medical services in the former Soviet state had left it with little infrastructure or expertise in neurological conditions .
Horror film Patients with the kind of benign tumours which would be quickly identified and excised in the UK had been left untreated with terrible results .
That is the problem with what we do - we can often kill people
Igor Petrovich
" It was like being in a horror film , " he recalls , as he watches home video images of the huge tumours growing on the heads of the patients .
On his trip , Henry met one Ukrainian surgeon who was trying hard to make a difference .
Igor Petrovich had been enduring constant threats and harassment as he tried to reform his department at the Military Hospital in Kiev .
Petrovich combines a revolutionary zeal with a droll wit : " That is the problem with what we do , " he has remarked to Henry , " We can often kill people . "
He impressed Marsh so much that Henry brought him to London for further training .
Ever since that fortuitous meeting , Henry has been visiting the Ukraine at least twice a year to share his expertise and undertake complex operations with Igor .
He normally arrives bearing gifts - disused medical equipment from St George 's Hospital , Tooting - often packaged in boxes made in his shed at home .
Improvisation necessary Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
He is struck by the wastefulness of the NHS : a drill bit he delivered to Igor has been used for ten years .
In the NHS it was thrown away after a single use .
The lack of equipment in Ukraine has forced the surgeons to improvise when it comes to some of the most basic surgical tools .
Last year , Marian Dolishny discovered just how effective Henry 's impromptu surgical methods can be .
What are we if we do n't try to help others ?
We are nothing - nothing at all
Henry Marsh
The young man from rural Ukraine had a tumour pressing on his brain , and was developing epilepsy .
Untreated , blindness and then death would follow .
Surgery to remove the tumour would be a cinch in Henry 's state of the art operating theatre in London .
In Kiev , though , it was a different matter .
As they left Igor 's flat on the morning of the surgery , bearing a home - made hose for the anaesthetic , nerves were beginning to jangle .
" I 'm not tense , " Henry snapped at Igor .
" You just keep on bringing me harder and harder cases - bloody Kossaks . "
Patient awake in surgery Lacking the advanced anaesthetics needed to operate on Marian without risk of paralysis , Henry and Igor had only one option - to operate whilst Marian was still awake , testing his ability to move as he operated .
That meant Marian was fully conscious for the most dramatic part of the operation , when Igor used a Bosch drill bought in the local market to bore four holes into his skull .
His face remained remarkably impassive , though when asked about the noise his response was telling : " I ca n't hear what you 're saying " .
Marian 's surgery was a success , and Henry and Igor were delighted .
Not all Ukranian medical stories are such fairytales .
Henry is haunted by the case of Tanya , a young girl whose tumour ultimately defeated him .
He still likes to visit her grave when he is in the country , and meet up with her mother Katya .
" I do n't know if I 'll be thinking anything when I die , " he said , " but if I am I 'll be thinking that what mattered most was trying to help Igor and his patients , and I 'll think about Tanya and Katya .
" What are we if we do n't try to help others ?
We are nothing .
Nothing at all . "
You can see Storyville : The English Surgeon on Sunday , 30 March at 2250 BST on BBC Two , and for seven days at BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1999 At - Risk Survivor
At - Risk Survivors have misadventures that stop short of the ultimate sacrifice .
Nevertheless we salute the spirit of their colossal blunders with an Honorable Mention .
Better luck next time !
Nine Times a Loser 1999 At - Risk Survivor
Unconfirmed by Darwin
( 1999 , Darwin , Australia )
A bloke named Gordon from Darwin , Australia lost his arm , the use of his legs , and was revived three times on the operating table after an encounter with a king brown snake , the 21st most deadly venomous snake in the world .
Gordon has said , " I still can't believe my arm 's been chopped off just for one snake . "
Perhaps nine snakes who each bit him once would be more easily believed than the one snake who bit him nine times .
Gordon , who has admitted he was drunk at the time , had been driving with a friend from Mandorah to Darwin when they saw the snake .
He picked it up with his left hand " because I was holding a beer in my right one . "
The snake bit the web of his hand , but Gordon managed to withstand the pain and put it in a plastic bag .
He threw the bag in the back of the car .
Once again quoting Gordon , " For some stupid reason , I stuck my hand back in the bag , and it must have smelled blood , and it bit me another eight times . "
His friend drove him to a nearby hotel , where he was taken by ambulance to the hospital .
His friend tried to keep him conscious by , as Gordon said , " whacking me in the head and pouring beer on me . "
Despite his friend 's quick action , doctors have said that it will take a long time and a lot of rehabilitation before Gordon regains full muscle control .
When he does , we fondly anticipate another Darwin Award attempt .
DarwinAwards.com © 1994 - 2012
Submitted by : Countless Australian Readers
Here 's the original clipping .
Andrew Trouton says , " I was amazed to recognise a story I was involved in !
I was working as a pharmacist in Royal Darwin Hospital when this happened .
Gordon was in such a bad way that he consumed the entire King Brown snake anti-venom supplies in the Northern Territories , and we had to fly more in from other States .
It was 1988 not 1998 .
I hope this is as close as I get to an award ! "
Here 's the same story in another version making email rounds in Australia .
Two guys had been drinking at their local outback pub ( hotel ) and were driving back to Darwin , Australia when they remembered that the empty aquarium behind their local bar needed some content , as the previous inhabitants ( fish ) had evaporated .
There on that outback road they spotted a king brown snake sunning itself .
Straightaway they knew this reptile was just what the situation demanded .
His first mistake , the victim recalls , was in grabbing the highly venomous snake with his left hand ( as his right hand was preoccupied holding his beer . )
The snake bit so hard it They reversed their journey intending to deliver their prize to the pub 's old aquarium .
Whilst on their return , our hero was struck with a concern for the snake because the bag was n't moving .
While driving and holding a beer , he reached over and stuck his hand into the bag to check the condition of the snake .
It proceeded to bite him five more times .
His friend administered first aid by pouring beer over him and hitting him about the head with a bottle .
The traumatized man was airlifted to Royal Darwin Hospital , where he underwent multiple amputations .
Only one limb remains , and he is now wheelchair - bound .
During his ordeal our victim's heart stopped several times , and once he was pronounced dead .
The Doctor told reporters this was the most severe case of snakebite known , in which the victim actually survived .
King Brown Snakes are amongst Australia 's most dangerous snakes , and listed as one of the most dangerous in the World .
* * *
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Foreclosure filings nationwide soared 57 % in January over the same month last year - another indication that the nation 's housing woes are deepening .
A study released Tuesday by RealtyTrac , an online marketer of foreclosure properties , showed that 233,001 homes were affected , 8 % more than in December .
Of that total , 45,327 homes were lost to bank repossessions .
The only good news was the comparatively modest month - to - month increase in total filings .
" It could be that some of the efforts on the part of lenders and the government - both at the state and federal level - are beginning to take effect , " said James Saccacio , Realty Trac 's chief executive .
" The big question is whether those efforts are truly helping homeowners avoid foreclosure in the long term , or if they are just forestalling the inevitable for many beleaguered borrowers , " he said .
Many mortgage - assistance efforts simply give borrowers a chance to pay off missed payments , rather than lowering monthly payments , which effectively just delays foreclosures .
But now lenders claim they are restructuring more mortgages by lowering or freezing interest rates and reducing balances .
These solutions are much more likely to help people save their homes .
Nevada , California and Florida had the highest foreclosure rates in the nation .
During the housing boom , all three states recorded big price run-ups , and saw a large proportion of homes sold to investors .
In Nevada , one of every 167 homes was in some foreclosure stage last month .
California had the largest total number of foreclosures among the states .
There were more than 57,000 foreclosure filings there in January , one for every 227 homes .
Florida trailed well back in total foreclosures with 30,000 , but its rate of one for every 273 households was only slightly behind its West Coast rival .
Several states recorded massive jumps in foreclosure activity in the last twelve months .
In Rhode Island filings rose 279 % ; in Maryland they spiked 430 % ; and in Virginia they leapt 634 % .
All three of those states had fairly modest rates to begin with .
In Virginia , for example , even with that whopping increase , the rate , overall , was one in every 617 homes , about a quarter the rate in Nevada .
Eighteen states substantially improved since last January .
In Pennsylvania , foreclosure filings fell 55 % to just 1,683 , one for every 3,226 households .
West Virginia recorded a drop of 54 % to a miniscule 53 , one for every 16,667 households .
And Vermont 's total dropped in half , from two to one .
Foreclosure and lending laws vary greatly from state to state , and that can have a huge impact on foreclosure rates .
But most places have been recording ever - higher foreclosure numbers as home prices stagnated , and the effects of many of the non-traditional mortgages issued during the boom years took hold .
Subprime , hybrid adjustable rate mortgages , with interest rates that reset to much higher , often unaffordable levels after a two or three year period of low rates , caused many borrowers to default .
Even more exotic products , such as interest - only loans , where balances do n't shrink , or , worse yet , option ARMs , where balances grow , also contributed to foreclosure problems .
Those products have just about disappeared from the marketplace today and that should , eventually , lead to healthier foreclosure statistics in the future .
But , before that happens , real estate markets will have to improve and , according to many experts , that 's not likely to happen much before the end of 2009 .
Merrill Lynch , for example , is forecasting home prices will fall by 15 % in 2008 and another 10 % in 2009 .
That will likely continue to fuel high foreclosure rates .
John Gibson ’s big story : he ’s been cancelled
It has n’t been a good week for conservative hosts of unwatchable cable talk shows with poor ratings .
Earlier this week , MSNBC yanked Tucker Carlson off the air .
The next day , Fox News gave up on notorious blowhard John Gibson .
Fox News Channel , tinkering for the first time in eight years with its popular early evening lineup , is replacing its 5 p.m. news broadcast , “ The Big Story , ” with an election - theme program for the foreseeable future .
The network confirmed this week that “ America ’s Election HQ , ” a program that displaced “ The Big Story ” temporarily last month , would continue indefinitely .
The program ’s hosts , Bill Hemmer and Megyn Kelly , also anchor the network ’s mid-morning newscast and are seen as rising stars on the channel .
The change was first reported by the blog TVNewser.com .
John Gibson , the longtime host of “ The Big Story , ” will continue to have a role on television , the network said , although it appears that his future for now lies mostly on radio .
For two years Mr. Gibson , a conservative commentator , has been the host of a three - hour program for Fox News Radio immediately following his television show .
I ’d always kind of hoped that Gibson would get fired for something he ’d said on the air , but if low ratings did the trick , I suppose the end result is the same .
Of course , with Gibson having lost his show , there ’s really one thing left to do : mock him relentlessly for years of foolish , hateful demagoguery .
Stephen Colbert got the ball rolling : “ There ’s obviously only one big lead story tonight : an influential figure who many of us considered a moral leader has let America down and has been forced to leave his post .
Of course I speak of Fox News ’ John Gibson . ”
Media Matters has done a great job for years of highlighting some of Gibson ’s more jaw - dropping remarks , but who could forget his insults of Heath Ledger after his death ?
Or his concerns about “ black devils ” who “ wanna fight the white devil ” ?
Or the time he said John Edwards “ whored his wife ’s cancer as a fundraising gimmick ” ?
Or his requests to white people to “ make more babies “ ?
But my personal favorite , as long - time readers may recall , was the time he lost it on the air while debating my friend Rob Boston over the “ war on Christmas ” — and then called Rob at home to threaten him personally .
So long , John .
Your departure has done something I had n’t thought possible — it ’s made Fox News ’ lineup just a little less offensive .
Clean Energy Intro : Solar Thermal
March 10th , 2008 by Michelle Bennett
What if you could produce clean solar energy night and day , rain or shine , and never hit the bank for a single P.V. solar panel ?
Photo voltaic panels can be pricey , so the solar industry is always trying to lower costs and boost efficiency in the quest to compete with coal .
One fast - growing , cost - effective solar technology uses heat to generate energy 24 hours a day , and it can store energy without batteries .
In this post I ’m going to investigate solar - thermal technologies .
It ’s called “ Concentrated Solar Power ” or C.S.P .
The idea is simple ; no complex chemistry or fancy silicon wafers required .
Glorified mirrors shaped like satellite dishes ( or parabolic troughs ) direct the sun ’s rays towards a reservoir .
The concentrated solar heat boils water into steam , and steam powers a turbine .
When the water cools off it ’s collected and cycled back through the system .
The mirrors can even track the sun across the sky to maximize efficiency .
Water is not the only fluid that can be used , but its unique properties have made it popular .
More on that below .
If you remember your history , the industrial revolution was powered by steam – factories , trains and boats boiled water by burning coal .
Eventually we moved on to the internal combustion engine because you got more bang for you buck – literally .
These ubiquitous engines convert controlled explosions into propulsion or electricity .
The problem with combustion is the waste products and their effects on our health and environment .
With solar thermal , the only waste would come from building the power plant .
So how does C.S.P. produce electricity at night ?
It takes advantage of a unique property of water : very high specific heat capacity .
That means it takes a lot of energy to increase the temperature of water .
It also means that water stores heat energy for a long time .
Think of a pool , lake , or the ocean .
It stays warm long after the sun goes down and even through cooler days in autumn .
Water has the second - highest specific heat capacity of any known substance , which makes it perfect for storing large amounts of heat energy , just as a battery stores electricity .
In the form of steam , water can continue to generate electricity when the sun is down and recharge the heat “ battery ” when the sun is up .
Another way to store that heat is with salt – molten salt .
Sandia National Laboratories is experimenting with molten salt as a storage medium because of its heat - transfer and economical properties .
It also removes the heat storage process from your dynamo so you can recharge your heat batteries and generate electricity separately .
The benefit to this system is that if the sun does n’t shine for days at a time you have a strong back - up “ battery ” .
Their system can store 2 - 12 hours of energy for a week .
We ’ve heard from Sandia before , read about their “ energy from air ” scheme or their solar efficiency world record – both use C.S.P .
A lot of exciting news has been emerging about solar - thermal .
It ’s been demonstrated as reliable for over twenty years , and new plants are coming online , or being planned , across the world .
Energy is not the only benefit of Concentrated Solar Power ; it also creates jobs and can use otherwise unproductive land .
Empty desert is ideal for this technology – abundant clear , bright days .
Some estimates even claim that we could power the entire USA with C.S.P. or even the world ( 1 % of the world ’s deserts to be exact ) .
Regardless of such high hopes , the future looks bright for C.S.P .
For …
An animation explaining how C.S.P. works , check out Ausra .
A useful fact sheet , surf Solar Developments .
Hard data , try the Department of Energy .
DIY action , swing by Treehugger .
Solar ovens and more , see this post .
( Image courtesy of Treehugger )
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- Carlyle Capital , the bond fund affiliated with private - equity firm Carlyle Group , is on the verge of collapse after failing to agree a new financing deal with lenders .
Late Wednesday , the fund ( 86522 ) CARYF said that it expects lenders will soon take possession of " substantially all " its remaining assets after it was unable to meet surging margin calls on its portfolio of residential - mortgage - backed securities .
Carlyle 's woes contributed to a slump in European and Asian stock markets Thursday as investors feared credit problems will continue to spread .
See Europe Markets .
The news also helped drive the dollar lower in foreign - exchange trading , sending it under 100 Japanese yen for the first time since 1995 .
See Currencies .
Shares of Carlyle Capital were all but wiped out , tumbling 95 % in Amsterdam to 15 cents .
The stock has plunged from the $ 12 range since the fund first announced it had missed some margin payments earlier in March .
So far , Carlyle Capital said it 's defaulted on $ 16.6 billion of its debt , and its remaining borrowing is expected to go into default soon .
At the end of December , the fund had total equity of about $ 670 million and had used short - term loans , or repurchase agreements , to fund an investment portfolio of close to $ 22 billion .
Carlyle Capital 's highly leveraged business model has made it particularly susceptible to declines in the value of its residential - mortgage - backed securities .
Margin calls , or demands for cash to cover losses , have soared since the end of February as credit markets have worsened .
Justin Urquhart Stewart , co-founder of Seven Investment Management , said he expects to see more funds blow up as credit lines disappear and lenders become more cautious .
" Lending that might have been available three months ago just is n't there any more , " Urquhart Stewart said .
Edmund Shing , a strategist at BNP Paribas , said a " raft of hedge funds " with similar investments are also shutting up shop .
The forced sale of Carlyle Capital 's assets is a concern because there are n't many buyers around , he added .
Talks collapse
Negotiations with lenders effectively ended late Wednesday when the pricing service used by certain lenders reported another drop in the value of mortgage - backed securities .
That was expected to trigger another $ 97.5 million of margin calls Thursday , on top of the roughly $ 400 million of demands that Carlyle Capital received in the previous week .
" Overall , it has become apparent to the company that the basis on which lenders are willing to provide financing against the company 's collateral has changed so substantially that a successful refinancing is not possible , " the fund said in a statement .
The fund said Carlyle Group assisted in its negotiations and had been willing to provide additional capital if a successful refinancing could have been achieved .
Carlyle Group , the investment adviser to the fund , has provided a $ 150 million line of credit .
The private - equity firm said in a statement Wednesday that individuals at the group own around 15 % of the fund 's securities , but none of the group 's other investment vehicles have invested in Carlyle Capital .
The fund 's portfolio is comprised entirely of securities issued by Fannie Mae FNM , +0.85 % and Freddie Mac FRE , - 0.64 % , which the fund has said effectively carry a government guarantee .
The market value of these securities has fallen in recent weeks , however , as the credit crisis has slashed demand for all types of mortgage securities .
The fund 's counterparties include Bank of America Corp.
BAC , - 1.32 % , Bear Stearns Cos. BSC , - 10.00 % , BNP Paribas ( 013110 ) , Citigroup Inc. C , - 2.12 % , Credit Suisse CS , - 0.70 % , Deutsche Bank DB , - 1.89 % , J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , - 0.84 % and UBS UBS , - 0.54 % , among others .
According to a Wall Street Journal report Wednesday , Deutsche Bank and J.P. Morgan were among the firms that rebuffed the fund 's request for new financing terms , while some lenders , including Citigroup , had been willing to negotiate a new deal .
VIEWPOINT
Vassili Papastavrou
Let 's stop chopping of our urban trees and embark on a scheme to plant lots of fast - growing trees that soon leave us in the shade , argues Vassili Papastavrou .
In this week 's Green Room he tells us to take cover , because we need city canopies more than ever before .
Councils do n't like dead wood - at least not outside their chambers
While cycling to and from my home in Bristol , I have become aware of the large number of trees that are disappearing from surrounding streets .
A quick glance on Google Earth shows gaps like missing teeth along the once tree - lined avenues .
It appears that a reason can be found to remove any urban tree .
Other neighbours shared my concern for the disappearing trees , so we looked in vain for an organisation that might help us ; but there was none .
So , together we set up a local group called Bristol Street Trees .
We also found out first - hand how nearly impossible it was to plant street trees in new locations , despite a huge willingness amongst the public to contribute money .
As we add to our collection of photographs of stumps , it seems that we are witnessing a dramatic loss of urban trees on public land , and street trees in particular .
Even if replacements are planted they are often species of tree that will not become large ; the dramatic London planes are going , only to be replaced with rowans or flowering cherries , which will never provide the same benefits .
Though our interest is local , the problem is national .
Scouring the press , we have found the most bizarre reasons for removing trees .
In Whitehall , street trees were removed as part of the " war on terror " and received global media coverage .
In the London Borough of Islington , " killer pears " were given the chop .
In my local area , trees are removed for three main reasons : there are concerns about the hazards posed by " dangerous " trees , worries over often bogus subsidence claims , and road re-alignment projects which seem to require completely unimpeded sight lines , despite the slow crawl of urban traffic .
The presumption should be one of retaining the tree , rather than reaching for the chainsaw at first sight of a ' problem '
We live in a risk - averse society , but the danger from trees is tiny .
Each year , about three people in the UK are killed by falling trees in public places , which works out as roughly a risk of one in 20 million .
The UK's Heath and Safety Executive considers a one - in - a - million risk as very low and the threshold for what is considered acceptable .
Contrast this with the risk of one - in - 16,800 for an average Briton being killed in a car accident in any one year .
Take cover
The risks to our health and well - being from removing trees are far higher .
The benefits that urban trees bring are only just being formally recognised .
We now know that they can reduce urban temperatures by 4C ( 7 F ) ; more urban canopy cover will be critical as temperatures climb as a result of global warming .
Trees also absorb floodwater and slow run-off and increase house prices .
Studies in the US show they can even reduce crime rates .
Urban trees also absorb pollution of all kinds , particulate , chemical and noise ; their ability to do this depends on their size .
The conflict between risk and benefit is a head - on clash between two major ideologies in a rapidly changing environment .
Local councils are stuck in the middle , so no wonder their decisions are controversial .
Big trees in city streets can produce huge root boles
In the case of an individual tree , only the problems it presents are considered ; there is no mechanism to balance the benefits provided by the tree .
It is no coincidence that the biggest arguments happen over the biggest trees .
Even ancient and veteran trees , some hundreds of years old , are under threat .
The very cavities and hollows that are seen as " problems " are important for woodpeckers , bats and other wildlife .
Woodpeckers drum on dead wood , carefully choosing sounding boards that amplify the noise .
But councils do n't like dead wood - at least not outside their chambers .
Notable trees on private land are legally protected , as are all trees in conservation areas .
In contrast , trees on public land have no protection .
Some councils do not even provide advance notice of tree removals , let alone consult residents .
Days before one local tree was removed , a notice appeared on it saying : " Help , I need a solicitor " .
Although there are many to make the case for the prosecution , it is Kafkaesque that no one can take up the defence .
The consequence is that the public is completely disenfranchised and watches powerlessly as trees are removed .
We often hear of conflicts with tree officers , despite them sharing common values over the importance of trees .
Root of the problem
So what is the solution ?
Firstly , the discussion on risk that is already happening in the technical journals and industry conferences needs to be brought into the public domain .
Instead of reducing the risk by removing the tree , one could remove the bench under the tree
Members of the public are quite capable of understanding risks - we do this every day when we decide whether or not to walk under a ladder or cross the road in a particular place .
We need to know just how unlikely it is to be killed by a tree .
The presumption should be one of retaining the tree , rather than reaching for the chainsaw at first sight of a " problem " .
There are ways of reducing risk other than felling .
In a park , it can sometimes be as simple as closing a path , or changing the mowing regime to make it less attractive for people to spend time under the tree .
Instead of reducing the risk by removing the tree , one could remove the bench under the tree .
Having fewer people under the tree decreases the risk of injury .
Or , one could give the canopy a trim .
" Fell and replace " is usually the wrong approach , as it will not provide us with the canopy we desperately need right now .
Then , we need councils to open up and consult before removing trees and also to develop strategies for increasing our urban canopies .
When trees are identified with problems , there should be consultation about the options , with all the facts disclosed .
But more than facts , we need to give some weight to ethical values , because people care about trees .
We would n't ignore values in any decision on a historic building , so neither should we on trees .
Home - owners can see trees as a nuisance , affecting their investment Councils need to be up - front about the cost implications of different options .
In Bristol , the tentative first steps towards consultation have just started with the first meeting this March of a Street Tree Forum .
Highways work should also retain trees rather than remove them .
Finally , it needs to become socially unacceptable for householders or insurance companies to petition for the removal of trees when the problem is the lack of proper foundations in our Victorian housing stock .
People who live in tree - lined streets should enjoy the benefits or move out .
Unless something changes fast , we will continue to lose our urban canopy at just the time that we need it most .
Now that is a real risk .
Vassili Papastavrou is a biologist who works for the International Fund for Animal Welfare ( Ifaw ) .
He is particularly interested in large , long - lived organisms such as whales and trees The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Vassili Papastavrou ?
Should councils , other local organisations and citizens do more to preserve and plant city trees ?
Or are they a hazard to houses and traffic that need to be kept under control ?
What does our treatment of them say about our attitude to the natural world ?
Here in Malaysia where we have many beautiful trees , our local council Petaling Jaya ( KL ) is going to destroy the several hundred year old Sungai Boleh forest reserve .
One of the few remaining urban forest reserve in an already over developed areas and replace with high density housing .
I grew up in London with such greenery and had hoped to continue see such beauty here , but we are destroying our green heritage .
Rob Hempel , Kuala Lumpur
I 've long thought that when I die the obituary listing of my accomplishments should begin with : " He planted trees . "
That said , I would like to mention a tree widely planted a few decades ago in the USA which has proven to be an absolute menace : the lovely , shade - bestowing ficus , whose spreading roots tear up streets and mound up underneath sidewalks so severely that the concrete shatters , which makes the sidewalk completely impassable to anyone in a wheelchair or who must use a walker or go about on crutches .
And falling trees can be EXTREMELY dangerous !
Several huge trees usually fall somewhere in developed California neighborhoods any time there are winds above 40 miles per hour , or more than a few inches of rain .
In Los Angeles and much of the rest of Southern California , shade trees are introduced species -- this is a semi-desert and the few species of large native trees are usually sensitive to air pollution or subject to fires in the summer .
That said , please bear in mind that your local council may have a very real and very sensible reason for wanting to cut down a street tree .
It would be nice , however , if they planted two trees in a park or a forest for each street tree which they chop down .
( We can hope , ca n't we ? )
Christian Leopold Shea , Hollywood , California , USA
An office that I worked for had a Car Park that was lined with lovely mature trees until recently .
I asked one of the staff that I am still in contact with as to what happened to them .
The response ?
A female employee who is well known for teetering around on six inch stilletoes no matter the weather fell and hurt her arm while walking on the pavement underneath the trees .
The result ?
No more trees , just a line of stumps where they used to be .
Mick C , Leeds
I entirely support the comments made in the article , and I entirely agree that no town trees should be cut without full consultation with and agreement of people who " live " with the tree .
These people should be able to decide that a tree may stay or go and any proposal to cut the tree should include an environmental impact statement ( to be made by an independent scientist , who must contact all nearby people as well as the local authority ( ies ) involved ) .
This assessment must cover what action will be taken to plant a new tree instead of the old one .
Only subsidence of a house , identified at a public hearing by informed experts , or of clear danger from death of the tree and the proven threat of falling limbs , should be regarded as proof of the need to cut ; and only when all other possiblities have been exhausted .
The tree 's right to live should be recognised and it should be allowed to live until it is proved it cannot do so without a clear and demonstrable , quantifiable , danger .
Christopher Mathews
Dr C P Mathews , Cheselbourne , Dorset I was told that in Singapore , the government decided to keep trees in urban areas because they calculated that one tree is worth two air - conditioners in terms of keeping people comfortable ( not sure how they compared indoors vs out ... ) .
Cooling may not be a year - round issue for you in the UK , but I 'm sure it makes a difference in the summer .
Shi-Hsia Hwa , Penang , Malaysia I totally agree .
We need as many trees as possible .
Not only in the streets but parks and any suitable area .
Not only good for wildlife but also the street scape .
Always pester the local authority about the Governments ' Pound for Pound ' tree planting scheme .
Very useful .
Can also try the Government 's Specimen Tree planting scheme which is also worthwhile .
Always harangue any official not doing the right thing .
richard - East London , london I am a Councillor in Frinton , we have managed to prevent this rape of the environment by imposing a large tree conservation area .
Would strongly recommend that people get tree conservation orders on all the trees they value .
It really works and here regularly prevents developers destroying trees for profit !
David Evans , Frinton - on - Sea Matt in Essex - you are missing the real points here .
You say " The Victorian legacy is wonderful but that is what it is - the country has moved on ... the modern urban environment also needs to be reconsidered . "
The real point is about climate change and tree canopy cover .
This is vital in a warming world - planting small trees in towns just wo n't help ( why do we bang on about deforestation of the tropical rain forests ? ) .
And your point regarding insurance companies is equally invalid .
If we had more trees in towns ( and elsewhere ) the amount of flood damage would decline ( the larger the tree the more it slows run-off , especially in urban areas ) .
So insurance companies would BENEFIT by not paying billions in flood claims .
It seems to me that the debate has passed on from ' the tree officer is always right ' .
What we need now is thinking that takes account of the wider issues , not just next year 's pruning budget .
Bill , Bristol I am also a tree lover , I feel they really add value to a street and / or house .
Not only do they provide environmental benefits but they look good too .
I have heard that our brain or senses development is affected by our environment and would not be surprised if looking at trees made us happier or even more intelligent ( houses are easy for our brains to decypher the image , but trees much more random ) .
Many people now seem to be obsessed with predictable lines , clean looks and pure finishes ( houses , cars etc ) , but this is the opposite to nature and I 'm sure can not be good for our minds .
I know what I prefer to look at .
My flat overlooks an area of high priced houses with many trees around them , with a view over the top of the Belfast lough , I enjoyed it on daily basis .
Unfortunately our nearest neighbours decided to remove 2 of the biggest oldest trees in the area , and now I am left staring at another neighbours house ( around 30 % of my view ) .
Tony , Holywood , N. Ireland I 'm not sure if this problem is only happening in Briton but I 've been noticing it lately here in the States .
I remember walking along the side walk in near a street by my house where I 'd be surrounded by very large trees and I 'd enjoy the cool air I 'd receive just walking under it , especially on those hot California days .
But now when I walk by I no longer see any trees , just a bunch of worthless stumps that serve no one any purpose .
Now it 's understandable that the city wants to decrease the risk of there being an accident concerning a tree but at what cost .
We have a tree in our backyard and it's a fairly big tree , but when the branches grow too big , my father and I trim the branches down , this method seems much more reasonable than cutting the entire tree down .
What the public does n't know is that we need more large trees more than ever .
As the temperatures keep rising throughout the world we will have less protection against the sun or any other natural occurrences .
Yes !
we can stay inside and put the ac don full blast , but all were losing is money and energy , when instead , sitting under a tree cost absolutely nothing .
Not to mention , that by cutting down the trees it makes the area seem less charming , less desirable to live there because there 's nothing alluring there , maybe a stump or two .
Now when I walk on the sidewalk all I am is hot and exposed .
Oscar Medina , Escondido / California United States
I agree completely with saving urban trees but NOT to plant just any " fast - growing " tree to replace them .
Here in the US we have major problems with invasive non-native trees that have literally taken over our woodlands and created a mono - culture tree farm of one species .
The Chinese Tallow is one example .
It is grows very fast , is worthless as lumber , provides very little use to wildlife , outcompetes the native vegataion needed by wildlife and spreads uncontrollably everywhere !
You can not kill it by cutting it down .
Herbacide ( with a permit ) must be applied .
Needless to say , it is a major bane to our wild areas here in Texas and many other areas of the US .
If you replace trees USE NATIVE TREES !!!
They belong there , the wildlife uses them to one degree or another , they grow well where they are found with far less care , water , etc. regardless of soil type , cold , heat , dry or wet conditions .
Hey , that 's why they are " native " !
Bill Tarbox , Magnolia , TX I 've been involved with the planting of lots of trees in our local parks .
We have three main tree killers : young blokes with attack dogs who pull off branches for 2 mins of fun for their dogs ; council contractors who will mangle the sturdiest of tree guards in order to ring bark the base of the trees ; and some elderly residents who , if they can't kill the tree themsleves , lobby the council to have them removed .
In fact we have one old chap who 's almost managed to clear his whole block !
Matthew McCabe , London Borough of Haringey Planting any tree is good , provided it is not ailanthus altissima ( Tree of Heaven ) or another invasive species , but weedy ornamental trees are not very attractive & useful to wildlife .
In Islington the council have planted a lot of these such trees lately eg Gingko .
Vandals & drunks have destroyed many of these before they have become established .
last year the council replanted one spot in York Way ( near King 's Cross ) three times after the trees were broken .
People are pathetic .
Dominic Stiles , London Been to Stratford on Avon recently ?
The beautiful Bancroft gardens alongside the River Avon are being brought up to ' World Class ' standard so for the past few weekends distraught residents and visitors could watch gorgeous cherry and willow trees being cut down to make way for designer trees in sterile landscaped areas .
The trees had significant value to our town in terms of visual beauty and giving shade in the summer months but it was n't enough to save them from ' progress ' .
Suggest you stay away from Stratford until the ' improvements ' are finished - and do n't expect to see any mature trees .
Tim Baker , Stratford on Avon , UK
The author is most definately correct in asserting the problem is in protecting publicly owned trees .
I imagine its not the risk of killing someone that is an issue , but of being sued .
Council owns tree , house subsides , house owner claims insurance , insurance sues council for not removing tree is the concern I imagine .
I also imagine the cost of moving the bench and replacing a whole tarmaced footpath is also far more than removing a tree , to utilise the example given .
There has to be more comittment to protecting trees , both politically and financially , and especially a procedure put in place for consulting local residents when works to street trees are proposed .
Jon , Bristol Well done Vassili ; but Bristol Council supports the Forest of Avon , which has planted thousands of trees in the past twenty years , and has just voted an extra £ 50 k for new planting this year , so they are not all bad .
Bristol 's street and park trees represent a vast arboretum of some 300 species , and include at least 200 veterans ; this is a priceless resource for the city , which should be far more valued by every citizen that it is .
And the money nationally for parks maintenance has halved over the past twenty years as a result of the continuous pressure for efficiency or productivity savings ; as a result the quality of our parks , and hence our lives , has fallen steadily .
Richard Bland , Bristol UK
We too have a problem with councils removing trees however there is a move afoot now to increase the planting of urban forests - Pretoria and Johannesburg are planting upwards of 20000 new trees per annum .
With regards to the root problems there are methods to curb the root growth without killing the tree , simply forcing the tree to reroute the roots biologically , without damaging the tree at all .
This is a bit more difficult to do with older established trees but not impossible .
We are currently setting up a new project called " Turning Deserts into Forests " a tax exempt company seeking to plant " Trillions of Trees " especially in Africa to stop global warming and provide employment , prosperity and food especially for the most poor in Africa and would welcome any support
Ian Loots , Cape Town South Africa
I absolutely agree with Vassilli , we all need to do more to protect our urban trees , too many tree lined avenues have been lost over the years , leaving a barren landscape .
I have one happy story though , one household in my sisters street paid someone to ring bind a tree outside their house wishing to kill the tree and make way for a dropped curb .
Lots of local residents spotted this skulduggery and alerted the local council and the police .
The tree still stands tall and beautiful because of people power !
Col Linehan , Bristol , England Hear Hear , the council in cardiff central seem determined to lop off the top of every large tree they can get their hands on it's a disgrace .
That and the trees they are replacing them with - ornamental cherry - are all diseased and are not able to survive the changing climate conditions , shame on them !
Alex , Cardiff
Here is a diary of a central Bristol Lime tree planted close to where I work : Planted 2004 - hot summer , no aftercare and almost died so I watered it every few days throughout dry periods that year and the next .
Next year -
Stem severely damaged by council strimmer , put plastic tree guard around base & two months later this was actually strimmed off .
I Replaced this with sturdy metal mesh .
Next year tree snapped in half by vandal , - I cut off and removed the top half and attemped to make a clean cut .
Following year tree recovered and grew strongly .
Last week vandal pulled tree right over breaking most of the roots - purchased two ties and strapped tree up to existing post & cross fingers .........
Great article Vassili - its a long hard struggle trying to stop the removal of perfectly healthy mature trees in Bristol , and an equally difficult one trying to keep newly planted ones alive .
If more people took reponsibilty for trees in their neighbourhood perhaps we can turn the tide .
The next time we have a drought , look on your own doorstep & get out the watering can !!
SJ , Bristol Councils are doing this to save money on street sweepers .
Bob , Wycombe Totally agree with this .
Locally the council is planting several thousand trees in the city for exactly the reasons stated above .
People need to be more critical of the tendency to see one incident of a falling tree branch as being excuse to fell thousands of trees .
Councils are receiving massive amounts of tax - hold them to account for spending on something of value .
John , England
Trees are not alone , hedges in this rural area of Somerset are disappearing on a daily basis .
Where new housing is planned on what is currently green field sites , the hedges including trees are being ripped out of the ground , this well in advance of the commencement of building work .
It would appear that thought may be given to the preservation of mature trees , providing that they meet a pre determined set of criteria for survival , but mile after mile of hedgerow is disappearing .
Les Miles , Yeovil Somerset
Having worked with plants my entire life and being employed as an arboriculturist I must state that I do n't think that articles like this allow people to see the full scale of what a council arboricultural officer deals with on a daily basis .
Let me assure all readers - anyone who chooses to work with trees and spends time studying them at college or university does not take any decision regarding them lightly , certainly if a tree is removed it is for a reason that is just and appropriate because of either a health and saftey risk or as a result of one of the many acts of parliment ( such as sight lines for roads as mentioned above ) which we have a limited control .
I read with interest the comments regarding health and safety and risk assessment - trees have a number of possible structural defects not to mention a substantial list of different fungi and bacteria that can affect them in a number of ways .
I believe the statistics provided above is 1:20 000 000 in terms of people killed by trees but this is n't the only risk to worry about - we have to consider damage to persons and property .
I like the comment of ' move the bench from beneath the tree ' but that wo n't stop a person sitting beneath the tree if they want to .
Subsidence / insurance risks regarding trees are frequently cited as a reason for trees to be felled .
Frequently this is the case - particularly in areas of highly shrinkable clay .
The bare fact is that for councils to regularly prune trees to the specification that is required to significantly reduce the ' risk of tree related clay shrinkage subsidence ' for the long term ( and do this on a very regular basis ) would be both incredibly expensive , and also practically impossible to do due to the volume of work required - not to mention the fact that the ' wonderful leafy trees ' mentioned above would actually resemble hat stands with no leaves being present .
Also to be aware here is that felling trees actually saves insurers money in repair costs to properties - if more expensive and significantly larger underpinning schemes are required where do you think insurance companies will recoup the money from ?
Let me add a parting thought .
The trees that cause the emotion tend to be the large forest type trees that define our captial and oldest towns and cities ( London Plane etc - which incidently is n't a native tree ) .
These were planted by the victorians to fullfil a specific need and requirement - they were managed very efficiently in a time when wages for the average joe ( or josephine ) were very , very low .
These same trees are the ones that the public wants to see replanted time and again .
They were designed by nature to live in forests not urban areas therefore they do not easily mesh with it - they create untold problems if left to grow unchecked - could all those who want to pay more council tax please raise there hand .
Large forest type trees belong in large gardens , parks and woodlands not in the middle of towns .
The Victorian legacy is wonderful but that is what it is - the country has moved on , we once thought the world was flat and the sun revolved around the earth , thoughts change and things change - our concept of what is appropriate in the modern urban environment also needs to be reconsidered .
Matt , Essex I am all for the trees .
believe me living in the sahel of africa , I see the need .
But are there really that mane people that want to remove trees for fear of one falling on them .
Just seems a bit .... odd .
And as for quick growning trees , we need to preceed with caution as there are many quick growing trees that do so because they sap the soil of important nutrients .
SO you may have a nice tree in 4 years , but in 20 the soil may be worn out .
So lets get more trees out there , but make sure you know what the long term results are .
And for all you people scared of trees falling on you ; you 're welcome to come down to west africa where there is an even far lesser chance than in england , where it is the same likelihood that a mountain will fall on you .
Steve Amodio , Ouagadougou
Wait a minute , people are afraid of getting attacked by trees ??
Move to New Zealand !!
We have trees by the squillions and you can't sue for personal injury !
Mimi Adams , Christchurch , New Zealand I collect good questions to ask polititions who turn up on my doorstep .
" What do you consider valid reasons for felling a tree " will be added to my list .
Thank you for this suggestion !
Steve Swift , Alton , Hampshire Damn right !
It 's bl**dy ridiculous that council idiots are felling old trees just so they can make cost savings on street repairs .
I think the costs would be more than compensated for if we all lived in streets with more trees , given the benefits of shading , wildlife attraction , cleaner air ... and just that feeling of being closer to nature .
Councils ...
LEAVE THE TREES ALONE !
Ross Marnie , Glasgow , Scotland Having worked for 10 years as an arboricultural officer in local government , both in the UK and NZ , I can confirm that retaining trees in an urban environment is a lost cause .
I meet people daily who inform me that they love trees BUT , they want the tree in their garden removed as its dropping leaves / berries / twigs , shading the garden , lifting the paving slabs , attracting birds , presenting a potential hazard or exacerbating an asthma condition .
Ultimately , the decision on whether a tree stays or goes is ' influenced ' by councillors , elected members with no formal arboricultural background but with a tendency to make decisions which please the public , especially when approaching an election .
In my experience the vast majority of council tree officers are hard working and committed to protecting those trees that are worthy of keeping , even if it is against the tree owners wishes and attracts much adverse attention .
On the bright side , in my opinion the tree protection rules in the UK are second to none .
Tim Errington , Auckland NZ Councils go on about their green credentials but they cannot be trusted to fulfil important public duties like tree conservation , they are far too eager to use a chainsaw nowadays .
ady , edinburgh
There are no trees in MK that are currently big enough to drain water from under property - unless , that is , you live in one of the few original areas ?
In which case the tree is likely to pre-date your property and maybe it has more right to be there than that building does ?
The downside to MK is that a lot of the trees here are fruiting , and no one picks it so the major ' danger ' issues are avoiding the rotting fruit come October .
Unfortunately there are so many vehicles here that the fruit is too polluted to eat , or else this is one household that would !
Helen , Milton Keynes Well done Vassili for highlighting the issue ... the problem is , I think , you might be fighting a losing battle .
The council can't ( or wo n't ) afford to keep large trees alive , they are too expensive to maintain and are cheaper dead .
The insurers / solicitors insist the large growing trees should be felled to eliminate risks to buildings / people .
And who is replacing them ?
No one .
At the current rate of loss there will be virtually no street trees in Bristol by 2050 ...( except a few cherry trees ) .
I do n't know about other cities but I guess the pressures are similar ....
This is the urban environment most people are voting for ( if they can be bothered to vote ) and willing to ( not ) pay for .
So tree - less cities is what we will get ..... Vas do n't give up hope , stand as a councillor to kick the current lot out ... you 'll get my vote ( and money for trees ) .
Clive Stevens , Bristol
Too many trees disappear due to the brown envelope mafia giving jobs for the boys .
The paranoia of safety giving them " justification " for employing a " tree surgeon " .
There is no such thing as safety and it's a bumpy universe .
Get used to it .
Bits of tree fall down so what !
How long before we have more security cameras than trees ?
Themosthandsomemanever , UK
Of course , I agree with Vassili Papastavrou .
The oldest trees still standing are all hollow .
They were not dangerous ; they are not dangerous .
They remain standing because they are hollow .
In the Great Storm of October , 1987 , acres of trees were felled by the strong winds .
It was the hollow trees which remained standing .
We need trees ; we need trees which are rotten ( hollow ) inside : they are so important both to wildlife and to we , ourselves .
Wake up England !
H. Hawes ,
Newport I heard that my housing association was to cut four trees down - I sent them a message imploring them not to , as it's rare we have such a glorious oasis similar to the one I see from my bedroom window .
Lo and behold , they agreed and have stated they will not remove any trees .
Also , our local council ( Manchester ) has incentives to plant street trees - and we are actively measuring up the pavements and filling out the forms ready for a hopeful acceptance !
Paul Graham , Manchester
We have just had 5 healthy trees chopped down in a few hundred yards in the cause of a road widening scheme which will provide a bus lane , which our local County Council assures us will save 4 minutes on a 9 mile bus journey .
Total local opposition to the scheme and the fact that the buses lose far more time than 4 minutes before reaching the start of the relatively short bus lane - about a mile at the most - was , of course , totally ignored .
DG , Cheltenham Britain's tree heritage dates mainly from the Victorian era , a time when ladies preferred to remain pale and un-suntanned , hence leafy suburban avenues of lofty limes , plane , oak or chestnut with 80 + - year life spans , in relatively wide grass verges .
Today 's Highway Engineers want small trees that ( at least to their minds ) need less pruning and clearing over the road - so cherries , rowans and birches with about a 40 - year life span .
But many of these trees are actually more bushy and end up lop - sided through being pruned to clear a road or powerline , while big - growing limes etc could grow above and out of the critical zone .
If someone would let them and not top them when they get to 5 m .
So the tree collection is declining in stature , amenity and age .
Developers and highway engineers squeeze verges to widen roads , and existing front gardens are made into carparking .
There 's the complaints about stuff falling from tress onto cars making them dirty .
Utilities prevent new tree planting because of the constant need to dig the road or pavement up , so destroying roots , and the lack of good soil depth .
In other parts of Europe , gas , cable , electric and water can be run through the same basic route underground , chambered in a box so all are accessed at the same point , and trees are planted alongside - but not so the UK , becasue of ' incompatibilities ' .
Finally , there is vandalism - not always by kids but by householders who do n't want newly planted street trees to interfere with their sunshine quotient - so trees may be cut through at their bases and left standing in their tree guards as if nothing happened .
If someone is killed by a tree everyone gets to hear about it - because it is so rare - and every tree then becomes a ' potential killer ' .
It 's a nightmare to be an urban tree .
Michele , Vancouver .
Canada
Ca n't agree more .
When I first moved to Harrow , my back garden resembled more like being in a wooded area .
You felt a sense of being surrounded by nature , birds chirping , wind flowing thru ' leaves etc .
Not anymore .
Some communities here seem hell bent on having cutting down anything green !
And pleasant front gardens are now a distant menory .
Karsan , Harrow
In many parts of Adelaide , Australia , local councils have a " significant tree " rule which makes it illegal to cut down trees over a certain size , even if they lie on your own private property .
Whilst this can be annoying , especially if you honestly are concerned that the tree is about to fall over and destroy part of your house , it does have an upside for keeping the streets reasonably green .
Graham G , Adelaide , Australia
Your picture of the tree with the comment : " instead of reducing the risk by removing the tree , one could remove the bench under the tree " is priceless .
Brilliant article .
Keep up the fight - it's an important one !
Juliet Neal - Boyd , San Francisco , CA USA
Trees in the city give a good puls on the psych of all beings .
Closer to our nature .
Smells better than exhaust pipes too ;)
Mathieu , Belgium Wandsworth Council managed to chop a number of trees on Magdalen road after complaints from the adjacent ( private ) tennis court .
The residents of the road were up in arms but there 's noone quicker than a council worker with a chain saw .
Now there 's a bleak gap in a once leafy stretch of road and the tennis courts look like an exercise area for the nearby Wandsworth prison .
It seems that once the trees are gone , they 're gone ...
Elizabeth , London I totally agree , it angers me that in my road there is not one tree , and when councils do plant them it is the same limited choice of Flowering Cherry , Alder or Mountain Ash .
What has happened to mighty Oaks , and soaring Poplars .
Trees are not the problem it 's those who smash the pavements parking on them , and concrete over their gardens .
We need more greenery in our towns .
John Nelhams , London , UK Hear , Hear !
Too many trees are ruthlessly removed , or brutally pruned to resemble telegraph poles .
Nothing can beat trees for civilising a city , and in my opinion they should have automatic protection ( that is , they should only be removed if there is a really good reason for it ) .
Peter Humphreys , Swindon , UK I battled this and lost against our councilman 3 yrs ago .
He happened to have rented a space for his office on the Main St and ' asked ' the parks dept if they could ' move ' the tree ( 25 feet tall mind you ! ) as it was blocking his law business sign .
They cut it down with no forewarning , after much protest , promised the neighborhood org .
a new tree which never materialized and the councilman moved out a year later ....
In Texas we need all the shade we can get with weeks over 40 º.!
Better save what you can now ready for a sunny day .
daniel , Fort Worth , Texas , USA in hounslow where i live i have noticed more and more lovely mature trees being cut down and when i phone my local council office to find out why this is happening i get told things like this tree is dangerous thats if you can actually get though to the right department .
when there are new trees planted they seem to be small and never seem to grow , it as if they are stunted and will never replace the lovely mature so called dangerous trees cut down in the first place , im am totally discusted with this urban de-forestation and will oppose it wherever i can .
paul taylor , hounslow middlesex
Yes trees are beautiful and beneficial , but they can also wreck your property .
In a hot summer they want every drop of water they can get and if it 's under your house they 'll go and take it .
The trouble is the people who designed and built the treelined avenues have long departed with their profits .
The problems of house subsidence and tree disease are very real now with incidence of long hot summer months .
The trees ' welfare has to be balanced against your property being damaged and becoming potentially worthless .
Proper management has to be the answer and sometimes they have to go and hopefully smaller ones put in their place .
Barry , Milton Keynes
After asking if we agree with this article the writer highlights the scale of problem trees face .
Surely it is the houses and traffic that are the hazard to the trees that do so much for us .
Felling city trees should be resorted to only after every alternative option has been seen to fail .
There are plenty of skilled tree surgeons who can remove deadwood , trim back canopies and manage risk far more cheaply than the cost of removing a large tree once felled .
Jonathan , Slough , UK I applaud Vassili in his actions .
I 've long believed that many of the problems we are facing , both locally and nationally , are as a result of fewer trees .
More trees can help reduce flooding , they contribute to a reduction in global warming .
Personally I favour new legislation that any tree removed for whatever reason has to be replaced immediately , nearby , with 3 native trees of a similar size and stature .
This goes for builders , domestic properties , public parks etc. etc .
Jon , Cumbria
There were once many trees in my area and they too have been cut down ... why ?
Because everytime a tree branch fell on a parked car ( due to storms etc ) people were suing the council for damage !
The council did the most cost effective thing , and there you go - no trees !
Now those very same people who blamed the council for falling branches are now blaming them for lack of greenery ... typical
Graham , Ashford Middlesex , UK Well done Vassili only please talk louder .
Cities for cars or Cities for people ?
James , London
Our local council in collaboration with a group of shop keepers have passed plans to fell the only 2 decent trees in our town , the reasons have been proved to be nonsense or at least easily fixed .
The tree officer for the council has recommended a Tree Preservation Order as there is nothing wrong with them and should be preserved .
The council went against his and other officers advice and for their own unfathomable reasons voted to fell them .
About 1500 people immediately signed a petition to save the trees and a protest group has been put together .
The only people who want the trees gone are the council and some shop keepers .
No sensible reason has been given .
A report was commissioned by the protest , it found the trees in good order and non problematic to the local environment and in fact beneficial .
The protesters are now looking at a maladministration investigation at the way the council has acted .
To add some confusion it has been discovered that one tree is in - fact a Falklands Conflict Memorial ...
Steve Price , Malvern , UK I totally agree .
I live on a terraced street that once had trees .
Now there areas are bricked over and used to park motorbikes or put the week 's rubbish bags .
I really feel like making a similar stand to my council ( Northampton Town Council ) but feel a tad powerless and a tad folly to expect anything to be done .
Trees would vastly improve the run-down area I live in - once a proud industrial terraced street is now a gloomy , grey , dirty street .
Footpaths and roads have not been relaid in decades so I believe this has a lot do with attitudes , respect , crime and even prosperity in the area .
More trees are needed !!
Dan , Northampton Atlanta has a great organization called " Trees Atlanta " that could be modeled in other cities .
James , Atlanta , Georgia , USA
Yes to all these words of wisdom by Vassili , and I hope others add their voices as well .
Jeanette M. Thomas , Prague Czech Republic
I think this is absolutely vital .
I used to live in Manila where there where almost no trees except in the encalves of the rich .
Trees and Green areas in general makes the quality of life in cities increase greatly .
Save our trees !!!
Jun , Colchester
It amused me when I first started working in the Netherlands , when I read in the Dutch paper an article about Coronation Street .
They described it as a soap opera based in a typical English city , with terraced houses and no trees .
It 's something that outsiders find most strange , and having lived over here for 9 years , I now feel the same .
Jim Cornish , Gent Belgium
I love the big old street trees - the London Planes , horsechestnut and near to my house an ancient oak tree on the edge of the school playground .
It would be an ecological disaster if the fear mongerers and insurance companies demand their removal .
No birds , insects , bats , squirrels and no natural shade .
All old trees need to be carefully managed and preserved , plus when needed a careful policy of replacement with similar long lived specimens to continue the natural life cycle .
Trees are not just for life - they were there for your great great grandparents and will be there for your great great grand children
Suzette keith , Barnet , London I work as a Building Surveyor having Studied Building Surveying and the Environment at Plymouth University .
Unfortunately it is often necessary to remove
Trees which are too close to properties especially in areas of High Clay content in the soil .
I personally Don't like advising people that the cause is a Local Authority Owned street Tree .
As For claims of " Bogus Subsidence claims " ,
It is impossible to have a tree removed by a Local Authority without proof that the roots have caused the subsidence .
This investigation normally takes over a year to prove it is the tree .
Faced with foundation damage to their home or the removal of a street tree , most reasonable people will concede that the tree removal is a necessary evil .
Nick Brown , Tring , Herts Vassili , I totally agree with you !
At last a tree lover who feels the same way .
In fact lots of people feel this way , but we do n't have much of a voice .
Croydon is losing trees very fast , due to reasons you cite , plus urban vandalism .
I also support IFAW .
Best of luck to you .
Susan Betts , Croydon , Greater London
At last a sensible and like mind !
sue chadwick , slough , Great Britain I live in San Francisco and we have an organization called Friends Of the Urban Forest .
The city actively encourages tree planting along the sidewalks and will offset some of the cost to plant and maintain them .
The species of tree is carefully chosen for each location to prevent any problems with it in the future , such as getting too large for the space , damaging underground infrastructure etc .
Adam , San Francisco , USA I agree with your writer .
Trees do far more good than harm and we have a collective responsibility to conserve them .
Life and the world around us would be a lot more unpleasant without trees .
keith barrett , london " Home - owners can see trees as a nuisance , affecting their investment "
Well tough titty , they do n't own the trees we all do .
And anyway if a building is only treated an investment , the owners desrerve all they get - this selfish and greedy behaviour has had massive detremental effect on the economy for millions , let alone the environmental and social degredation it brings on us all .
Nick S , Northampton I agree with your writer .
Trees do far more good than harm and we have a collective responsibility to conserve them .
Life and the world around us would be a lot more unpleasant with trees .
keith barrett , london I absolutely agree with Vassili - trees are an essential part of any city .
One thing he failed to mention is the impact that they have on other aspects of the weather ; living in such a wet and windy city as Edinburgh , it is striking how much worse the treeless areas are in high winds and heavy rain .
Adrian Miller , Edinburgh , Scotland Good grief .
If people are worried about getting hit by a tree , just stay out from under them .
Play in the highway instead - please .
Jim K , Freeland USA
I agree with every word he says .
I thought that in the uk councils had a better attitude towards trees .
Here no government official cares 1 jot for any tree or indeed any plant unless it is contained within a plastic pot .
I , with others , have witnessed 4 council workers employed on weedkilling a small street in our town which contained 1 dandelion and 3 blades of grass .
I think " our " attitude to the natural world is motivated by fear .
Also it is us who are paying those 3 superfluous workers .
joanna , castelnau d'auzan france Just how much CO2 is locked up in a tree ?
plant a tree and cut down greenhouse gasses
roger tedman , nimes
In the area that I walk my dogs each day I can count at least 100 trees that have been removed or replaced with smaller varieties .
Roads that are called Avenues have been stripped of all large trees and the grass verges are now used as parking spots .
Even the back gardens of nearby houses have had mature trees ripped out due to scare mongering by so called Tree Surgeons .
I have tried to conteract this by planting some larger trees in our back garden .
Royalsabre , Gravesend , Kent I completely agree whole - heartedly .
Here in Canada , trees are generally not removed from city streets .
We now actually plant trees ( albiet tiny ones ) in the narrow midians on residential streets , which have never in the history of our town been planted there .
If you cut trees on your property , you also need permission or you can get fined up to $ 15 k a tree .
If a tree is a hazard to a home , it should be up to the homeowner to go to the council .
They must have a surveyer come and prove that either the roots are getting too close to the home causing structural weakness , or that the tree is dead and or considerable height to fall on said home ( although the lovely trees lining Britain 's streets are more round than tall ) .
At least that 's how things are here .
In the US tree - lined streets are iconic of suburbia , whereas concrete jungles are the quintessential hallmark of urban living .
I contrast these to some of the streets found in Colombo , and on a former visit to Bangalore , India .
There , magnificent creeper - covered giants shade broad thoroughfares and offer heavenly solace from the humidity and sun .
Some are perhaps centuries old .
But there too trees are disappearing as new buildings crop up ( seemingly overnight ) .
But then again I am cheered at the sight , more common there than in the west , of a thick wall respectfully making a break around a tangled and ancient fig so that its roots and branches grow unhindered .
I am not sure what the motivation is for leaving these be - perhaps its something as simple as a financial inability to cut them down and reconstruct the walls , or perhaps it is a reverence for their age or symbolic significance ( in a Buddhist country , Bodhi trees are seldom cut ) .
Whatever it is , aside from the !
obvious benefits of reducing CO2 and temperature , these trees add a surreal sort of aesthetic that to me connects these old cities to their jungle ancestors , now in ruins .
Shermin de Silva , Philadelphia , USA / Colombo Sri Lanka
Chopping down a tree in an urban street can cause much more subsidence because it is no longer absorbing water , that water now goes to swell the subsoil causing ground heave and increases the flooding risk in the area .
jon , Leics UK I agree entirely with your article .
I see trees being taken down all the time in Stamford , peterborough and pretty much everywhere .
Not to mention all the benefits scientifically they provide a sense of coalition between modern housing and nature .
I have always wanted to be part of a " Save the trees Group " and would love to see things likr this popping up in every major town and city across the country .
I once shared a lift with a guy from the local council who was responsible for assesing if a tree could be taken down or not and he said it was more about how much money was on the table rather than environment and situation .
Disgusting !
Trees are a beautiful part of nature and offer some brief break from the highly stressful and chaotic daily life we all live .
Thats gotta be worth alot !
Antony , Stamford Nice to hear a lone voice speaking up for the trees .
London is one of the loveliest major cities on the world with Trees everywhere .
Lets keep it that way .
If people do not like the trees they should remember what came first .
Andy , London
This very scenario is taking place in Milton Keynes .
We have wide boulevards lined with semi-mature plane trees of some 50 - 60 years of age which are being removed by MK Council and English Partnerships to make way for development or to change the street - scape by building up to the boulevard .
English Partnerships have commissioned a landscape report which recommends replacing some of the plane trees with vertical species of Hornbeam and other more ornamental , smaller habitat trees such as flowering cherries .
We urgently need to protect our trees and maintain the beauty of boulevards lined with plane trees which are just starting to gain a majestic feel .
We also suffered the removal of beautiful specimen arboretum grown trees from a roundabout close to M1 Junction 14 so that the road could be slightly widened .
If a little care had been taken not all the trees had to be removed .
These were particularly fine species .
Apparently English Partnerships are now suggesting replacing them with plane trees that have been removed from elsewhere in Milton Keynes .
What nonsense is this !!
Mature trees cannot be successfully replanted unless they have been container grown and prepared for removal - the plane trees will die .
We need action and help before any more are destroyed .
Trees take a very long time to mature - a chainsaw can devastate the streetscape in a matter of minutes - and has already done so in Milton Keynes .
This does need urgent intervention - there are other ways of achieving the development that English Partnership wants to achieve - the trees must be saved - they are more important than the buildings .
julie barrie , Milton keynes Have a look at Milton Keynes !!
Urban Eden , a group fighting for the preservation of those elements ( such as our boulevard trees ) , have been saying these things for years and fighting the engineer and council endlessly !
It 's a national issue ... and it needs more media cover ... England would be all tar and paving in a few years ....!
Trees provide structure which survives much longer than any other element within the built environment !!
Liezel Kruger , Milton Keynes
I agree with Vassili we must do whatever we can to protect all trees from destruction .
Angela Williams , Bexhill , England I totally agree - what would be great is if there was a national group working to protect / plant urban trees
steven finlay , preston
It does not seem to be true that notable trees on private land are protected .
In October a piece of rural land next to the estate where I live changed ownership , and the new owner chopped down a three hundred year old beech tree .
I had seen this coming , and pleaded with Sheffield Council to issue an emergency preservation order , which they did not do .
When I complained they said that there was no protection for the trees , and all they could do was to ensure that the owner replaced the tree .
So in three hundred years time it will be just as it was .
Karen Vincent - Jones , Sheffield , England it is unfortunate that we as a people have not figured out how important trees really are .it is not for us to say if they should stay or if they should go , unfortunatly we continue to believe it is our decision , and i thought after seeing all the damage man has done to the earth we would realize this !
it doesnt look good for our friend the earth and any one associated with her .we are a cancer to her , our maybe just a flu that she will get rid of ( with a pandemic from asia perhaps ? ) sad but true as she can only take so much of our nonsense !
steven ungrodt , saint joseph , michigan , u.s.a.
Coming from Sheffield Europe greenest city , I fully appriciate trees and the benefits they do clearly have in urban areas .
Trees should be planted in every city in as many places as possible !
Adz , Sheffield I wholly agree .
What we need is an ' Urban Woodland Trust ' to protect existing trees and promote the planting of trees and mini-woods in urban locations .
David Norris , Wadhurst I seem to remember reading on the Science / Nature pages a year or so ago that scientists had discovered that planting trees in the northern hemisphere was counter - productive to global warming , as they trapped warmer air and therefore raised temperatures in colder climes .
What do we do ?
It 's all so confusing ...
Andrew Whiteside , London
In this part of the world , concrete and paving is prized over trees .
We used to have small pockets of urban forest trees , but they have been replaced by urban cemeteries or upmarket housing .
The value of trees in the tropics and the link to increased flooding , higher temperatures etc does not seem to register with councils here either .
MV Hayman , Malaysia
I am an unashamed tree hugger , now 53 , and have been since I was a very small child .
My wife , was 15 when we met and I could never understand her fear of trees , despite her early years of being brought up on a farm .
Now I am delighted to say she loves trees almost as much as I .
We are both members of the Woodland Trust and my ideal job would have something to do with trees and wildlife .
The WT Ancient Tree hunt is well worth looking into .
I tried several times to find out from a neighbouring council if certain Yew trees had a TPO on them .
It was amazing the resistance that I met .
They even had a person alledgedly responsible for trees in their employ but she never returned my numerous calls .
I understand that in built up areas tree health needs to be addressed yet that does n't mean reaching for the chain saw at the first sign .
In the Netherlands recently there has been much of a todo about the great tree that sheltered Anee Frank , luckily the trees protectors won through .
I am fortunate enough to have lived in Africa and fell in love with the Baobab , the Blue Gum , Jacarandas to name but 3 and only the Baobab is indigenous but to see the wide streets in October with the Jacarandas in bloom is heaven .
Long live our beautiful trees .
To preserve them Aluta Continua .
Dex , High Peak Derbyshire England I totally agree with Vassili .
Trees , hedges and open spaces too are vitally important to our general wellbeing .
Too often these are sidelined by councils who are too eagre to take the easy way out or to pander to the Health & Safety jobsworths .
Keep our trees .
Look after them and respect them and we will all reap the benefits .
Graham Gilbert , Totnes
When I objected to council workers " pruning " ( butchering ) the flowering cherries outside my house , I was told people want them pruned so that their roots do n't damage the houses ' foundations .
I 'm not sure pruning the trees does limit their root growth , but allowing it does , small flowering cherries surely do not need such harsh treatment !
Helen Austin , London UK
Totally agree with your piece - the council recently re-paved large areas of the housing estate that I live on , and guess what - all the trees were removed to be replaced with tarmac with no apparent plans to replant any - just looks desolate .
One thing you have n't mentioned in your reasons is incredibly anal people who dislike the mess trees cause in their gardens - this in my experience is one of the most common reasons why people do n't like trees .
David , Romsey , UK people seem keen to pay more in order to move to a ' leafy ' area and then promptly concrete over the gardens in the name of convenience !
mind you , when they try and sell the house they do buy a small pot to provide ' kerb appeal ' ... but then forget to water it .
johanna booth , liverpool , uk Yes , he is completely right .
Sadly not all urban residents agree .
The nature - phobic and generally fearful seem to have the upper hand at present , and we all suffer as a result .
Daniel , London
Yes , I agree ;
We need those trees to keep the city civilized .
Mike
Mike McCann , BristolUK / WilmingtonDE_US
Cutting down trees is nothing short of environmental vandalism .
NIMBY homeowners in the UK are the most selfish group one can find .
From buying a house next to a racetrack or airport , then getting it shut down or restricted due to , shock , the noise ... through to buying a house with an oak tree in your drive and cutting it down because , shock , it 's too big !
There must be a mechanism for protecting a rural / suburban environment , there are for planning , road building , areas of natural beauty , preservation orders , grade listings ...
marco , london A small number of my neighbours have been lobbying the council to remove Lime Trees from our street on grounds that the sap is ' damaging ' the paintwork of their cars .
Thankfully , the council has so far ignored their pleading .
Paul A , London I wholeheartedly agree with Vassili .
The problem is not only the felling and the failure to replant properly - but also the widespread vandalism in the form of the lopping and height reductions that are inflicted on so many trees .
As a former tree surgeon I know that most of this practice is totally unnecessary .
Can you put me in touch with Vassili ?
John Parham , Bristol UK
The basic problem as with all environmental issues is selfishness .
We in the developed world have so many possessions and yet all we ever do is get greedier and more protective of what we have without any regard for the consequences of our selfish actions to others .
John Brown , Hull
In the last week two trees have been cut down not by the council but by home owners , we could do with measures to prevent / reduce this from occurring .
Over the last 4 - 5 years our neighbours have cut down over 8 pine and beech trees , replacing them with flowers .
Not only damaging to the environment but makes rural Fleet look like central London !
Marc A , Fleet , Hampshire , England
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
At the time of Spitzer 's resignation , I blogged that something about the investigation did n't pass the smell test , the Don Siegelman case foremost on my mind .
But journalist Greg Palast has made a compelling case tying the Spitzer investigation to a different top story .
While New York Governor Eliot Spitzer was paying an ‘ escort ' $ 4,300 in a hotel room in Washington , just down the road , George Bush 's new Federal Reserve Board Chairman , Ben Bernanke , was secretly handing over $ 200 billion in a tryst with mortgage bank industry speculators .
Both acts were wanton , wicked and lewd .
But there 's a BIG difference .
The Governor was using his own checkbook .
Bush 's man Bernanke was using ours .
This week , Bernanke 's Fed , for the first time in its history , loaned a selected coterie of banks one - fifth of a trillion dollars to guarantee these banks ' mortgage - backed junk bonds .
The deluge of public loot was an eye - popping windfall to the very banking predators who have brought two million families to the brink of foreclosure .
Up until Wednesday , there was one single , lonely politician who stood in the way of this creepy little assignation at the bankers ' bordello : Eliot Spitzer .
Who are they kidding ?
Spitzer 's lynching and the bankers ' enriching are intimately tied .
How ?
Follow the money .
Read on ...
a friendly reminder : Hillary ca n’t win
March 4 , 2008 by twitterpaters
by twit
from Newsweek and the department of ‘ math is tough , ’ with emphasis added :
Hillary Clinton may be poised for a big night tonight , with wins in Ohio , Texas and Rhode Island .
Clinton aides say this will be the beginning of her comeback against Barack Obama .
There ’s only one problem with this analysis : they ca n’t count .
I ’m no good at math either , but with the help of Slate ’s Delegate Calculator I ’ve scoped out the rest of the primaries , and even if you assume huge Hillary wins from here on out , the numbers do n’t look good for Clinton .
In order to show how deep a hole she ’s in , I ’ve given her the benefit of the doubt every week for the rest of the primaries .
… So no matter how you cut it , Obama will almost certainly end the primaries with a pledged - delegate lead , courtesy of all those landslides in February .
Hillary would then have to convince the uncommitted superdelegates to reverse the will of the people .
Even coming off a big Hillary winning streak , few if any superdelegates will be inclined to do so .
For politicians to upend what the voters have decided might be a tad , well , suicidal .
For all of those who have been trashing me for saying this thing is over , please feel free to do your own math .
Give Hillary 75 percent in Kentucky and Indiana .
Give her a blowout in Oregon .
You will still have a hard time getting her through the process with a pledged - delegate lead .
Newsweek has a little more to add :
Clinton ’s only chance rests with winning over party elders , and the 794 superdelegates who are free to vote for whomever they choose regardless of the primary or caucus results in their own state .
oh , and one more thing :
Democratic officials involved in the conversations said Obama was lining up a package of superdelegates — the party insiders whose votes help select the Democratic nominee — with plans to announce their support as a bloc .
UPDATE !
From the Associated Press via My Way News :
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) – Hillary Rodham Clinton finally had a confetti night .
The Democratic presidential hopeful claimed victory in the Ohio primary Tuesday night and said that means , “ We ’re going strong and we ’re going all the way . ”
and Karl Rove is laughing a good maniacal laugh right about now .
UPDATE !
From ABC
News :
Clinton would need to win 94 % of all the remaining pledged delegates to hit the magic number of 2,024 . …
So , clearly they both are going to be relying on superdelegates to secure the nomination .
From the New York Times :
But for all the millions of votes Mrs. Clinton has now won , simple math is still her enemy .
From the Associated Press via Yahoo News :
It does n’t get any better for Clinton after Tuesday .
Just for kicks , pencil the New York senator in for landslide victories in Wyoming , Pennsylvania , West Virginia and Kentucky plus narrow victories in North Carolina , Montana and South Dakota — scenarios that give her a hefty benefit of the doubt and then some .
And what happens ?
She still trails Obama .
Her only hope is that a solid majority of the nearly 800 superdelegates support her over Obama .
Party rules allow them to act independently , but it ’s almost unfathomable that these political animals would not ratify the results from primaries and caucuses .
UPDATE !
In today ’s New York Times , Mark Helprin argues in favor of what effectively amounts to an extension of copyrights for an indefinite period .
And does so by making what is , at best , an imperfect analogy :
WHAT if , after you had paid the taxes on earnings with which you built a house , sales taxes on the materials , real estate taxes during your life , and inheritance taxes at your death , the government would eventually commandeer it entirely ?
This does not happen in our society … to houses .
Or to businesses .
Were you to have ushered through the many gates of taxation a flour mill , travel agency or newspaper , they would not suffer total confiscation .
Once the state has dipped its enormous beak into the stream of your wealth and possessions they are allowed to flow from one generation to the next .
Though they may be divided and diminished by inflation , imperfect investment , a proliferation of descendants and the government taking its share , they are not simply expropriated .
That is , unless you own a copyright .
Were I tomorrow to write the great American novel ( again ? ) , 70 years after my death the rights to it , though taxed at inheritance , would be stripped from my children and grandchildren .
To the claim that this provision strikes malefactors of great wealth , one might ask , first , where the heirs of Sylvia Plath berth their 200 - foot yachts .
And , second , why , when such a stiff penalty is not applied to the owners of Rockefeller Center or Wal - Mart , it is brought to bear against legions of harmless drudges who , other than a handful of literary plutocrats ( manufacturers , really ) , are destined by the nature of things to be no more financially secure than a seal in the Central Park Zoo .
The most fundamental difference , of course , is that copyrights , unlike property rights in land , are purely a creation of the Constitution , which gives Congress the power to :
[ P] romote the Progress of Science and useful Arts , by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries ;
Rather than recognizing that this provision constituted the Founders understanding that copyrights and patents , rather than merely being a recognizing of already existing property rights were , in reality , the granting of monopoly power by the state and , for that reason , their duration should be limited to a period of time deemed sufficient to reward the creators for the effort and innovation involved in their work .
Helprin ignores this however , and continues with yet another bizarre analogy :
It is , then , for the public good .
But it might also be for the public good were Congress to allow the enslavement of foreign captives and their descendants ( this was tried ) ; the seizure of Bill Gatesâ€™s bankbook ; or the ruthless suppression of Alec Baldwin .
You can always make a case for the public interest if you are willing to exclude from common equity those whose rights you seek to abridge .
But we donâ€™t operate that way , mostly .
The problem with this analogy , of course , is that it ignores the distinction between individual rights ( to life , liberty , property , and free speech in the case of the examples cited ) and a government created monopoly grant .
It is arguably the case , and certainly something that the Founders were concerned about , that grants of monopoly power such as copyrights and patents actually infringe on the liberties of others —- even if were to come up with an idea , or a song , or a poem , completely independently , I would be prevented from profiting from it by virtue of the fact that someone managed to beat me to the Patent and Trademark Office by a few hours .
More importantly , though , how can the government grant a perpetual monopoly over an idea ?
Thomas Jefferson himself noted this about intellectual property :
[ ideas are ] “ like fire , expansible over all space , without lessening their density at any point , and , like the air in which we breathe , move and have our physical being , incapable of confinement or exclusive appropriation.â€ 
In other words , once it is in the public domain , whether protected by copyright or not , can anyone truly be said to “ own ” an idea ?
Helprin tries to ignore this argument by making a distinction between ideas and “ art ” , but the point is the same .
Whether it ’s the formula for Bayer Aspirin , though , or the text of To Kill A Mockingbird , there is no rational reason to extend copyright protection indefinitely .
Â
And , more importantly , such a proposal would seem to violate the clear limitations placed on Congresses power to grant these monopolies by the Constitution .
Mr. Cuban said : “ Blog about your passions .
Do n’t blog about what you think your audience wants .
Post because you have something you are dying to write about . ”
Fit blogging into the holes in your schedule .
“ Deal with the rest of your life first , ” advises Glenn Reynolds , a law professor at the University of Tennessee who posts constantly throughout the day on his site , Instapundit.com .
The volume and regularity has helped make his political opinion site one of the most popular on the Internet .
“ The blog is best handled by inserting it into the small bits of free time that rest among the bigger chunks of your work . ”
Mr. Reynolds slips in posts between classes , as a break from writing law review articles and during slow time at home .
Just post it already !
The hurdle that stops many would - be bloggers is fear of clicking the “ Publish ” button .
Xeni Jardin , who juggles blogging at the quirky alternative - news site BoingBoing .
net with a career as a freelance journalist for NPR , Wired magazine and others , resists the urge to polish her blog prose the way she would a radio script .
“ Do n’t bottle up your ideas forever believing you have to hit the same kind of mature , complete , perfect point as you would with a magazine or newspaper article , ” she says .
“ Blogs are always in progress . ”
Boing Boing ’s bloggers are known for going back to posts to update them , adding new information and striking out factual errors .
Keep a regular rhythm .
Bloggers disagree on how often they should post .
Mr. Reynolds and Ms. Jardin post several times a day .
Mr. Cuban and Mr. Dziuba will go a week without a post .
What matters , they agree , is that you establish a reliable rhythm for readers , so they know they can rely on you to have new material for them every so often .
Likewise , there ’s no one right length for blog posts , but the most successful sites seem to have their own reliable formats , just like most professional publications .
Mr. Reynolds rarely goes beyond two or three lines per post .
Boing Boing entries run one to three paragraphs each , always with a photo .
Mr. Cuban ’s Blog Maverick entries can take up the entire browser window  when the guy ’s on a roll , he ’s on a roll .
So many issues and so many crimes against humanity , where has our nation gone , what have we turned into , a country that resembles everything we have learned to despise since childhood ?
We were taught that Adolf Hitler was the devil incarnate , that freedom and our civil liberties were not to be taken for granted …ever .
Yet somehow we find ourselves in a conundrum that nobody could envision when we were young .
What happened , who did this ?
Why are we throwing nuclear waste around the Middle - East , why wo n’t we let Sibel Edmonds speak ?
Who was responsible for 9/11 ?
Why , when the majority of hijackers originated from Saudi Arabia are we fighting in Iraq ?
Who ’s fixing the votes everywhere ?
Who is responsible ?
Well let me say this , we all are to some degree , but we should n’t take the blame .
If you want to blame someone or something blame human greed in the form of the military industrial complex .
We are not to blame for our government taken from us by those entrenched in Washington that never must face the voters .
The people that have been pulling the strings for decades in offices we never hear about .
The people that procure military equipment and give advice on foreign affairs , the people that run black ops that never see the light of day ; these are some of the people that have placed us into the place we now find ourselves in .
So what do we do about it ?
We already are doing something about it .
There is an undercurrent in this country .
Can you feel it ?
People are starting to question authority again .
Maybe in some way this is the best thing that could have happened to this country .
The death and destruction caused by this malevolent administration can never be condoned no matter if anything good comes out of it .
One thing that is arising is the indefatigable spirit of those in this nation that have learned to think for themselves .
If you will notice , almost everything that comes out of the government has been contested by people that want the truth .
The recent encounter in the Straits of Hormuz was shown to be an American propaganda piece .
The Vice President has learned to shut his mouth because the American people know what he wants .
They do n’t want a war with Iran…period .
The impeachment papers and the subpoenas ’ for Harriet Meirs and John Bolton are being pushed into an extraordinary convening of the Judiciary Committee .
The rule of law is not just for the citizenry , it ’s for everyone , even those in power .
We know our voting processes in this country are fixed .
The Democrats have , in their great wisdom , condoned this by not daring to speak out against the secret ballot counting and the use of the Diebold machines that can be hacked by anyone with an elementary knowledge of computer programming .
This knowledge is n’t just on progressive websites , it ’s on the streets .
People are demanding that their vote be counted , otherwise , how can our civil liberties be protected ?
The two - party system is under scrutiny , not by just the left , but also from the right .
Americans are finally starting to realize that professional politicians are not good for this country .
They have their own self interests at heart .
The citizens they represent come after their corporate backers , their own self interests , party loyalty .
Finally there is the constituent .
How does it feel to be fourth rate ?
Let Sibel Edmonds speak .
She knows the truth and I for one fear for her life .
She has the will and the courage to speak out , we must let her .
Since when are facts and truth not for public consumption ?
How can we participate in this supposed “ democracy ” if we do n’t know the truth ?
What is our government hiding ?
If anyone believes that we must stand up for our right to know , we must stand up for her testimony to be made public .
Too much has passed under the bridge in too short a time .
The American people are still in shock and dismay over all that has transpired in the years since 9/11 defined our life .
We need to recover and stop the abuses and the distortions of our government .
We are a state–sponsor of terrorism , killing more than any other nation in modern history .
Have we killed our own citizen’s ?
At least 25 military officers have stood up and said that they do n’t believe the official version of the events of 9/11 .
How our own military people can put their future in harm ’s way and we as citizens do nothing ?
Voting fraud , tampering with the Constitution , 9/11 , the Global War on Terrorism , Gitmo , Renditions , and ignored subpoenas and now primary tampering and Sibel Edmonds , when is enough , enough ?
Make your voice heard , talk to others and tell them what you know .
It ’s your responsibility .
The way that things are going in this so - called election , nothing is going to change .
We need to coalesce behind someone that will tell us the truth .
Who is this someone ?
People emerge when called upon , there will be someone that will rise against this insane machine .
That ’s the way I see it .
Demands are high .
Businesses today are under pressure to perform at their highest levels to win new customers and to retain those already earned .
Employees need the right tools and reliable technologies to meet these pressure head - on .
Business phone systems remain a critical part of nearly every organization .
A reliable , clear , and easy - to - use phone system is the lifeline to your success .
NCC has been providing top business phone solutions to Dallas / Fort Worth and surrounding areas for over 20 years .
From business telephone systems to networking and connectivity , NCC will make sure your business is ready to meet any of today ’s challenges .
“ Half a calamity is better than a whole one ” - Lawrence of Arabia [ Mar. 3rd , 2008 | 05:03 pm ]
Mildred
The DA has dropped all charges .
Cat is coming home .
No criminal record , his name cleared , and he 's a free man .
A poor man , but free !
We expecting him on a plane back to London within twenty - four hours .
The BBC went to Dubai to cover this story , and interviewed key officials in the case .
The reporter and our attorney are saying that damage control is underway : many prisoners are about to be released , and they 're promising reforms which could reduce these sorts of arrests happening to future travelers .
Not holding my breath , but if this does transpire , then we 've basically achieved everything we set out to do from the beginning , and that 's a fair bit of awesome .
It 's all a bit sudden , and I 'm still trying to get my head around it .
You guys have a fucking lot to be proud of .
The media attention we 've drawn from our collective efforts has resulted in not only Cat 's release , but that of other prisoners and the subsequent changes that are under review .
That 's a pretty serious accomplishment .
Today you can look in the mirror and know you 've made the world a better place , and I sincerely hope karma gives you the reach - around for your efforts .
You guys rock .
I never thought I 'd see the day where I said the internet restored my faith in humanity .
This is the geek equivalent of an 80's movie ending .
Who 's throwing the prom , then ?
Daily Show is amazed that a politician treats Americans as adults David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday March 19 , 2008
|
Print This Email This The Daily Show brought its own perspective to Barack Obama 's speech about his relationship to his pastor and the chasm between the races in America .
Jon Stewart began with a clip of Reverend Wright thundering , " The government gives them the drugs , builds bigger prisons , passes a three - strike law and then wants us to sing ' God Bless America ' ?
No , no , no , God damn America . "
He then showed various pundits claiming that these remarks could sink Obama 's candidacy .
Stewart summarized their statements as " Yeah , I mean we all love Jesus , but why do you have to be so black and angry about it ? "
Stewart turned from that to Obama 's speech , beginning with his suggestion that " the politically safe thing to do would be to move on from this episode and just hope that it fades into the woodwork . "
" Yes !
Move on ! " applauded Stewart .
" Nothing to see here people , it all goes away .
I 'm sure another governor will fellate a donkey and we 'll all hear about that .
...
We can pretend this whole thing never happened . "
" For the men and women of Reverend Wright 's generation , " Obama continued , " the memories of humiliation and doubt and fear have not gone away , nor has the anger and the bitterness of those years . "
" Black anger real ? " asked Stewart , nervously pulling out a remote control and clicking it .
" Okay , the doors are locked .
I 'm ready to hear another diatribe about white America . "
" A similar anger exists within segments of the white community , " said Obama , before concluding with the hope that " We can come together and say , ' Not this time . ' "
" And so , at 11 o'clock AM on a Tuesday , a prominent politician spoke to Americans about race as though they were adults , " commented Stewart , to applause and cheers .
Stewart then turned to " Senior Black Correspondent " Larry Wilmore , suggesting " So you guys in private , you 're pretty mad ? ...
Let 's start a dialog . "
Wilmore took up the offer .
" Little pet peeve , " he began .
" Music .
You guys have a tendency to , you know , ruin it .
You know , like jazz .
...
You guys take it and turn it into Kenny G. "
" If I may , " Stewart came back .
" On the topic of music ... a lot of times when you guys are driving down the street , it 's really loud .
And , er , we hate that . "
" Just tell 'em to turn it down , " said Wilmore .
" That 's what I do . "
" We would , but -- we 're scared , " Stewart replied .
" I get it , " replied Wilmore , understandingly .
" That makes complete sense . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show , broadcast March 18 , 2008 .
Transcript via closed captions :: moving on .
throughout barack obama's startling run for the presidency there has always been an undercurrent to his candidacy , a whisper , if you will , that he was not of this nation .
a foreign name .
perhaps a muslim background .
recent events have clarified obama 's standings .
the good news .
he 's a christian , a committed member of chicago 's trinity united church of christ .
the bad news ?
this is his pastor . :: the government gives and the bigger prisons passes a law and then walks up to sing god , bless america .
no , no , not god bless america .
that 's in the bible .
we 're killing people .
god slam america . :: jon : all right .
all right .
well , thank you , pastor .
now i believe linda has some announcements about sunday 's pot luck dinner .
but , of course , nobody listens to pastors , right ? :: i think he 's got a serious problem here . :: this is really damaging . :: could be the turning point in the race . :: this is going to scare the white voters in ohio and the white voters in missouri . :: jon : we all love jesus but why do you have to be so black and angry about it ?
as it turns out , this was n't about religion .
this was about race .
which brings us to today .
barack obama addressing the controversy with what was billed as a major speech about race .
ladies and gentlemen , the boy from illinois , obama .
senator barack obama . :: i'm the son of a black man from kenya .
and a white woman from kansas .
raised with the help of a white grandfather who survived the depression .
a white grandmother who worked on a bomber assembly line .
i am married to a black american .
i have brothers , sisters , neegss , nephews , uncles and cousins of every race and every hugh . :: jon : we get it .
the holidays at your house are crazy .
it 's a hassle .
get them the crazy preacher and how he 's not really that mad . :: i have already said in unequivocal terms the statements of rev. wright that have caused such controversy .
rev. wright 's comments were not only wrong but divisive .
i suppose the politically safe thing to do would be to move on from this episode and just hope that it fades into the woodwork . :: jon : yes , move on .
nothing to see here , people .
it all goes away .
i'm sure another governor will come along .
move on .
we can forget this whole thing never happened .
there 's no preacher , no mad guy , so thanks for coming .
do n't for -- get . :: i can no more disown him than i can disown the black community . :: jon : what you talking about , obama ? :: for the men and women of rev. wright 's generation , the memories of humiliation and doubt and fear have not gone away .
nor has the anger at the ... and the bitterness of those years but the anger is real .
it is powerful . :: jon : black anger , real ?
okay .
the doors are locked .
i'm ready to hear another die tribe about white america . :: a similar anger exists within segments of the white community . :: jon : huh .
go on . :: they are told to bus their children to a school across town when they hear an african - american is getting an advantage in landing a good job or a spot in a good college because of an injustice that they themselves never committed , when they 're told that their fears about crime in urban neighborhoods are somehow prejudice , resentment builds over time . :: jon : huh .
what do you think , fellows ? :: i did not see that coming . :: me neither . :: jon : by the way , i do have to point out those are the two meanest interns we 've ever had .
i'm sorry .
i'm sorry .
senator obama , i believe you were healing racial divides . :: we can tackle race only a spectacle as we did in the o.j. trial or in the wake of tragedy as we did in the aftermath of katrina or as fodder for the nightly news .
we can play rev. wright 's sermons on every channel everyday and talk about them from now until the election .
we can pounce on some gasp by a hillary supporter as evidence that she 's playing the race card , or at this moment in this election we can come together and say , " not this time . " :: jon : so at 11:00 a.m. on a tuesday , a prominent politician spoke to americans about race as though they were adults .
( cheers and applause ) for more , we have on our senior ... senior ... uh ... we have ... uh ... larry wilmore .
that was some .... :: yeah , it was .... :: jon : superb .
so i was watching the speech , the obama speech .
let me ask you , so you guys are in private , you 're pretty mad . :: pretty mad , jon , yeah . :: jon : apparently you talk about us in private in your barber shops and things . :: yeah , yeah . :: jon : okay . :: but you talk about us in your barber shops , right . :: jon : that 's funny .
we actually do n't really ... we go to stylists mostly .
we go to ... it 's salons and things .
you do n't talk much .
a lot of times they 're foreign . :: okay .
shall we just put it all out there . :: jon : i think that 's excellent .
he has encouraged us to dialogue .
i think we should start a dialogue .
let 's you and i start talking . :: cool . all right .
a little pet peeve . :: jon : music . :: jon : music , sure . :: you guys have a tendency to ruin it .
you know , like jazz .
you know , miles davis , right . :: jon : great stuff , great stuff . :: you 're welcome .
but then you guys take and turn it into kenny g. it 's annoying . :: jon : that 's a fair point .
if i may on the topic of music . :: sure . :: jon : car stereos .
a lot of times when you guys are driving down the street , it 's really loud .
we hate that . :: sorry about that . :: jon : it 's okay . :: just tell them to turn it down .
that 's what i do . :: jon : yes .
no. we would .
but we 're scared . :: i get it .
i get it .
that makes complete sense .
you know what ?
this is a good one . :: jon : okay . :: i'm a successful guy , right ? :: jon : okay . :: but when i go to the store i get followed around like i'm going to steal something .
:: jon : that sucks . :: yeah , it does . :: jon : although something to be said for a country that gives you an opportunity to be successful and rich . :: so i just have to take it ? :: jon : no .
i'm just saying it 's something to be said for the country that , you know , successful .... :: jon , i've worked my ass off to get where i am .
i think i've learned a little respect . :: jon : my family came to this country with nothing and worked as taxis and ... taxi drivers . :: you mean when your ancestors chose to come here ? :: jon : you know , maybe it's hard to see the world from a different experience than your own .
that reminds me of this one starski and hutch episode . :: starski and hutch .
man , i hated that show .
huggy bear , one of the other only brothers on tv .
he was a pimp and a snitch . :: jon : what are you talking about ?
that show was ( beep ) great .
a short guy solving crimes .
where do you ever get a chance to see something like that ?
i'll tell you somebody should have gotten rid of that blonde guy though . :: yeah . :: jon : we should do this more often .
larry wilmore , everybody .
On Monday , environmental activists were criticized for throwing noxious liquids at Japanese whalers to protest a hunt in the Southern Ocean .
The rash behavior does , however , have a silver lining : according to Paul Watson , a spokesman for the Sea Shepherd conservation society , the irritant chemicals were one hundred percent organic !
" I guess we can call this non-violent chemical warfare , " Watson said in a statement from the Sea Shepherd .
" We only use organic , non -toxic materials designed to harass and obstruct illegal whaling operations . "
My question : why are n’t the radicals using more sophisticated less - lethal weapons ?
During a skirmish , the protesters could fire a beam of energy that causes intense pain , launch tear gas canisters , or project devastating sound waves .
But would that be in line with their hippie ethos ?
Probably not .
It may even alienate people who would have otherwise supported their efforts , even though lefties deserve to be on the giving rather than receiving side of riot control hardware once in a while .
In by book , the whalers deserved to get zapped for killing animals under the guise of a research mission .
Nonetheless , it may be best to let the readers decide .
Should environmental activists use less - lethal weapons on whalers ?
Quote : Reuters
Marriage may tame genius
Thursday , 10 July 2003 Creative genius and crime express themselves early in men but both are turned off almost like a tap if a man gets married and has children , a study says .
Satoshi Kanazawa , a psychologist at the University of Canterbury in New Zealand , compiled a database of the biographies of 280 great scientists , noting their age at the time when they made their greatest work .
The data remarkably concur with the brutal observation made by Albert Einstein , who wrote in 1942 : " A person who has not made his great contribution to science before the age of 30 will never do so . "
" Scientific productivity indeed fades with age , " Dr Kanazawa says .
" Two - thirds ( of all scientists ) will have made their most significant contributions before their mid-30s . "
But , regardless of age , the great minds who married virtually kissed goodbye to making any further glorious additions to their CV .
Within five years of making their nuptial vows , nearly a quarter of married scientists had made their last significant contribution to history 's hall of fame .
" Scientists rather quickly desist ( from their careers ) after their marriage , while unmarried scientists continue to make great scientific contributions later in their lives , " says Dr Kanazawa .
The energy of youth and the dampening effect of marriage , he adds , are also remarkably similar among geniuses in music , painting and writing , as well as in criminal activity .
Previous studies have documented that delinquents are overwhelmingly male , and usually start out on the road to crime in their teens .
But those who marry well , subsequently stop committing crime , whereas criminals at the same age who remain unmarried tend to continue their unlawful careers .
Dr Kanazawa suggests " a single psychological mechanism " is responsible for this : the competitive edge among young men to fight for glory and gain the attention of women .
That craving drives the all - important male hormone , testosterone .
Dr Kanazawa theorises after a man settles down , the testosterone level falls , as does his creative output .
The study appears in in the August issue of the Journal of Research in Personality , published by the Elsevier group .
The British weekly New Scientist reports on it in its upcoming issue on Saturday .
ABC News Online
Home | Mushroom Info | Experiencing Mushrooms | Trip Reports | Level 4 | SWEET N NASTY
SWEET N NASTY
It was the day after my 18th birthday , that I decided to eat the shrooms that have been waiting to be eaten for a few weeks .
It was the day after my 18th birthday , that I decided to eat the shrooms that have been waiting to be eaten for a few weeks .
These were of the cyanescans species .
I had 8 grams , and ate 4 grams of it , with concentrated minute maid OJ , as usual .
It was a dark cloudy day , and for some reason nearly every time i trip , it just always happens to be a cloudy day .
Weird ... Anyway i consumed the ass - nasty shrooms , and felt a huge shit on its way .
So i grabbed me a MAXIM magazine , went to the toilet and unleashed hell .
My god it was soo fucking painful , it was of the hard crunchy variety , i nearly died .
So , after nearly having a stroke , and popping a vein in my forehead , i continued to read my glorified MAXIM magazine , in a somewhat post - shit state of mind .
Then i started to feel all shroomy , that ominous , creepy , feeling sneaking up on me ... than i started getting excited .
So , i slammed down the MAXIM magazine on the floor as hard as i could .
Being in the heat of excitement , i forgot to wipe my ass .
So , i used my left hand to scrape off all the slimy greasy shit residue outta my ass crack , and squeezed all the shit through my fingers , into the yellow , mildew - stained toilet bowl covered with pubic hairs .
Felt sorta warm and relaxing , and i took a big whiff of my shit , the smell brought back memories of when i used to have my girlfriend pass " chocolates " through her cute pinkish brown little anus into my mouth .
As i looked at the big huge dark greenish turd that caused me to bust a nut , i noticed it look like a giant slug or sea creature of some kind , that was cool ... then i realized ... damm these are some kick ass shroomies !!
So i finished picking out the dryed up turds tangled up in my hairy ass and flushed it down the toilet , and licked all the shit off my fingers and wiped them down on my jeans and went to my bedroom , or the trip room as i like to call it .
When i stepped into my room , almost every single object looked at least somewhat slighty distorted .
I was seeing the typical wall - ceiling - floor movements , and all the yellow stains on the wall seemed more vibrant and beautiful .
Almost everything seemed to possess some kind of energy , and i was starting to see the faint geometrical designs and colors around me .
I called my sister up and asked if she was in the mood for sex , all she did was give me a blowjob , but damm did it feel good .
The orgasm and feeling of someone 's hot wet mouth sucking on your peeing equipment was heightened .
Thank god my parents had to have two kids .
Of course , i had to return the favor by " play - raping " her , see , she enjoys being forced to do things , mostly sexual things , she gets off on it .
What a weird girl , huh ?
When i was " raping " her , her face was all contorted , i could n't even look at her , and the bed seemed like it was moving in the opposite rythym as us , i was almost too distracted to even continue .
She wanted me to drink her piss , but i wasnt in the mood for that at the time .
Of course , she threw a fit , but fuck her .
Anyway , by that time i was peaking big time , my mind was just fucked up beyond recognition , i couldnt really concentrate on anything .
I was seeing red and white colors overlapping everywhere , like a transparent , computerized , landscape of red and white hills before my eyes .
I looked at my sister 's face , and her eyes were just filled with black , i couldnt make out the eyeballs or anything , my mind couldnt process it , all i saw was like a dark black circle or something , and the same thing happened when i looked at people on tv , so that was freaky , but i was having fun with it .
I decided to put some hardcore trance on , with mind - numbing beats that can make some people go pyschotic when they listen to it on shrooms .
That changed the atmosphere a lot .
So i started dancing around with my sister , who was drunk and high by this time .
We both got naked , i felt soo much free , simply because i was unclothed .
I never really knew what total freedom and liberty felt like up until then .
It was pretty fuckin awesome .
We started getting horny again , and we started to wrestle , if any of you have not wrestled naked with another naked chick .... you have not lived !!
The feeling of our " uncharted " skin areas touching each other just felt incredible , and then we ended up doing the 69 .
Right after we almost were finished , the doorbell rang , and it was one of my sister 's girlfriends ' , ( she 's bisexual ) and we told her about everything we did , and she got pissed that we never called her to come over and join us .
But later on that night we had a threesome , as usual .
Man , what a great shroomy day that was !
Shop : Shop : Cultivation Supplies Information
Lenovo Latest Ultralight ThinkPad X300
Lenovo Latest Ultralight ThinkPad X300
2 comments
Couch crafted from Macintosh II computers
by Dhiram Shah
Recycling old peripherals is a good idea , especially if you add a dash of creativity to it .
The Mac Store in Maryland Heights , Missouri had 20 Macintosh II computers lying around gathering dust .
They decided to tinker around and make a ( un ) comfy couch out of it .
The sturdy couch can take your weight because they were originally designed to hold a heavy 20 - inch CRT on top .
The couch is held together with drywall screws .
The Macintosh II computers couch is not for sale but for argument sake , if you consider this , the original top - of - the - line Mac II sold for around $ 5,500 , when you work out the Math , the couch could cost over $ 100,000 !
Source
The Simpsons comic books [ edit ]
The Simpsons Futurama Crossover Crisis [ edit ]
Page 103 [ edit ]
Moe : Hello , I 'm looking for a robot .
Last name 100100 first name 100101 .
Calculon :
Well , she 's your mother , but it does n't seem appropriate !
Moe :
Why you little ...
When I find out who you are , I 'm gonna tear out your ram chips and cram them down your disc drive !
The Simpsons Comics Madness [ edit ]
Page 17 [ edit ]
Bart : Yeah , is Heywood there ?
Last name , Yapinchme .
Moe :
Why you dirty ... ( Bart hangs up ) Bart : Heh , heh .
Sucker .
Season 1 [ edit ]
Moe : Moe 's Tavern .
Bart : Is Mr. Freely there ?
Moe : Who ?
Bart : Freely , first initials I. P. Moe : Hold on , I 'll check .
Uh , is I. P. Freely here ?
Hey , everybody !
I. P. Freely ! [ the customers laugh ]
Wait a minute ...
Listen to me , you lousy bum .
When I get a hold of you , you 're dead .
I swear I 'm gonna slice your heart in half !
Homer :
You 'll get that punk someday , Moe .
Moe : I do n't know .
He 's tough to catch .
He keeps changing his name .
Moe : Yeah , Moe 's Tavern , Moe speaking .
Bart : Is Jacques there ?
Moe : Who ?
Bart : Jacques .
Last name : Strap .
Moe : Uh , hold on .
[ to bar patrons ]
Uh , Jacques Strap ?
Hey guys , I 'm looking for a Jacques Strap .
[ bar patrons laugh ]
What ? [ to phone ]
Oh , wait a minute , Jacques Stra —
It 's you , is n't it , you cowardly little runt ?
When I get a hold of you , I am going to gut you like a fish and drink your blood !
[ hangs up as Bart laughs in front of Lisa trying to cheer her up ]
Bart : [ to Lisa ]
Where 's your sense of humor , man ?
" Some Enchanted Evening " [ 7G01 ] [ edit ]
Lisa :
Aw , come on , Bart , not again .
Bart :
Oh , where 's your sense of humor ?
Moe : [ answering the phone ]
Moe 's Tavern .
Bart : Hello , is Al there ?
Moe : Al ? Bart : Yeah , Al. Last name : Coholic .
Moe :
Let me check ... [ calls ]
Phone call for Al. Al Coholic .
Is there an Al Coholic here ?
[ bar patrons laugh ]
Moe :
Wait a minute .
[ to phone ]
Listen , you little yellow - bellied rat jackass .
If I ever find out who you are , I 'll kill you ! [ hangs up ]
Bart and Lisa : [ laugh ]
Homer : I hope you do find that punk someday , Moe .
Bart : A little pre-dinner entertainment .
Moe : [ answering the phone ]
Moe 's Tavern .
Bart : Is Oliver there ?
Moe : Who ?
Bart : Oliver Klozoff .
Moe : Hold on , I 'll check . [ calls ]
Oliver Klozoff !
Call for Oliver Klozoff !
Bart & Lisa : [ laugh ]
[ Marge picks up the phone ]
Moe : Listen , you lousy bum .
If I ever get a hold of you , I swear I 'll cut your belly open !
Marge : [ hangs up ]
Goodness , must be a crossed wire !
Season 2 [ edit ]
" One Fish , Two Fish , Blowfish , Blue Fish " [ 7F11 ] [ edit ]
Moe : Hello , Moe 's Tavern .
Birthplace of the Rob Roy.
Bart : Is Seymour there ?
Last name Butz .
Moe : Just a sec .
Hey , is there a Butz here ?
Seymour Butz ?
Hey , everybody !
I want a Seymour Butz !
[ the entire bar laughs ; realizes ]
Wait a minute ...
Listen , you little scum - sucking pus-bucket !
When I get my hands on you , I 'm gonna pull out your eyeballs with a corkscrew !
Bart : Hello , is Homer there ?
Moe : Homer who ?
Bart : Homer ... Sexual .
Moe :
Wait one second , let me check .
[ calls ]
Uh , Homer Sexual ?
Oh , come on , come on , one of you guys has got to be Homer Sexual ! [ bar denizens laugh ]
Homer :
Do n't look at me !
[ continues laughing with the other denizens ]
Moe : Oh , no ... [ as Bart gives the phone to Skinner ]
You rotten little punk !
If I ever get a hold of you , I 'll sink my teeth into your cheek and rip your face off !
Skinner :
You 'll do what , young man ?
Moe : [ taken aback ]
What ?
What ?
Wait .
Who is this ?
Skinner : I think the real question is who is this , and where is Homer Simpson ?!
Moe : [ realizes his mistake ]
Whoa !
Whoa !
Sorry , Principal Skinner , sorry .
It 's a bad connection , I think .
[ to Homer ]
It 's for you .
I think Bart 's in trouble again .
Homer : D'oh ! [ sighs ]
What 's he done now ?
Moe : Moe 's Tavern , where the elite meet to drink .
Bart :
Uh , yeah , hello .
Is Mike there ?
Last name , Rotch .
Moe : Hold on , I 'll check . [ calls ]
Mike Rotch !
Mike Rotch !
Hey , has anybody seen Mike Rotch lately ?!
[ snickers from the patrons ] [ to phone ]
Listen to me , you little puke .
One of these days , I 'm gonna catch you , and I 'm gonna carve my name on your back with an ice pick ! [ hangs up ] [ Bart and Lisa laugh ]
Season 3 [ edit ]
" Treehouse of Horror II " [ 8F02 ] [ edit ]
Moe : [ answers the phone ]
Moe 's Tavern .... Hold on , I 'll check .
Uh , hey , everybody !
I'm a stupid moron with an ugly face and a big butt and my butt smells and I like to kiss my own butt .
Barney : Oh , that was a new one !
Moe : [ realizes ]
Wait a minute ...
Moe : [ answers the phone ] Flaming Moe's .
Bart :
Uh , yes , I 'm looking for a friend of mine .
Last name Jass .
First name Hugh .
Moe : Uh , hold on , I 'll check .
[ calls out ]
A Hugh Jass !
Can somebody check the men's room for a Hugh Jass ?
Man : I 'm Hugh Jass .
Moe : Telephone .
[ hands Hugh the receiver ]
Hugh : Hello , this is Hugh Jass .
Bart : [ surprised ]
Uh ... Hi. Hugh :
Who 's this ?
Bart : Bart Simpson .
Hugh :
What can I do for you , Bart ?
Bart : Uh ... Look , I 'll level with you , Mister .
This is a prank call that sort of backfired , and I 'd like to bail out right now .
Hugh :
All right .
Better luck next time .
[ hangs up and breathes a sigh ]
What a nice young man .
" Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk " [ 8F09 ] [ edit ]
Moe : Moe 's Tavern , Moe speaking .
Bart :
Uh , yes , I 'm looking for a Mrs. O'Problem .
First name , Bea .
Moe :
Uh , yeah , just a minute , I 'll check .
[ calls ]
Uh , Bea O'Problem ?
Bea O'Problem !
Come on , guys , do I have a Bea O'Problem here ?!
Barney : Ya sure do !
[ bar denizens laugh ]
Moe : Oh ... [ to phone ]
It 's you , is n't it ?!
[ Bart laughs ]
Listen , you .
When I get a hold of you , I 'm going to use your head for a bucket and paint my house with your brains !
[ Bart continues laughing , and hangs up the phone ]
Marge : Bart , I want you to go down to Moe 's Tavern .
I need you to bring your father home .
[ Bart gulps hard anticipating what could happen when he gets there ]
Season 4 [ edit ]
" New Kid on the Block [ 9F06 ] " [ edit ]
Moe : [ answers the phone ]
Yeah , just a sec ; I 'll check . [ calls ] Amanda Hugginkiss !
Hey , I 'm looking for Amanda Hugginkiss !
Oh , why can't I find Amanda Hugginkiss ?!
[ bar denizens laugh ]
Barney : Maybe your standards are too high !
Moe : [ to phone ]
You little S.O.B !
Why , when I find out who you are , I 'm gonna shove a sausage down your throat and stick starving dogs in your butt !
Bart :
My name is Jimbo Jones and I live in 742 Evergreen Terrace .
Moe : Aha !
Big mistake , pal !
I knew he 'd slip up sooner or later !
Laura : [ on the phone ]
Hello , I 'd like to speak to Ms. Tinkle ?
First name ...
[ Bart whispers something in her ear ] Ivana ?
Moe : [ on the phone ]
Ivana Tinkle , just a sec. [ calls ]
Ivana Tinkle !
Ivana Tinkle !
Hey , everybody , put down your glasses .
Ivana Tinkle !
Season 6 [ edit ]
" The PTA Disbands " [ 2F19 ] [ edit ]
[ Moe is teaching Bart 's class during the teachers ' strike ]
Moe : Okay , when I call your name , uh , you say " present " or " here " .
Er , no , say " present " .
Ahem , Anita Bath ?
[ The kids laugh at him ]
All right , settle down .
Anita Bath here ?
[ the laughing continues ]
All right , fine , fine .
Maya Buttreeks .
[ even more laughter ]
Hey , what are you laughing at ?!
What ?!
Oh , oh , I get it , I get it .
It 's my big ears , is n't it , kids ?
Is n't it ?
Well , children , I can't help that !
[ Moe runs out crying .
Bart then crosses
Moe 's name off a list of substitute teachers . ]
Season 7 [ edit ]
" Homer the Smithers " [ 3F14 ] [ edit ]
Moe : Moe 's Tavern .
Burns : I 'm looking for a Mr. Smithers .
First name Waylon .
Moe : [ believes this to be another prank call ]
Oh ...
So you 're looking for a Mr. Smithers , eh ?...
First name Waylon , is it ?!
Listen to me , you !
When I catch you , I 'm gonna pull out your eyes , and shove 'em down your pants , so you can watch me kick the crap outta you , okay ?!
Then I 'm gonna use your tongue to paint my boat !
[ Burns nervously puts his phone in a drawer ]
" Bart on the Road " [ 3F17 ] [ edit ]
Homer : Hello .
I 'd like to speak to a Mr. Snotball .
First name , Ura. Moe : Ura Snotball ?
Homer : What ?!!
How dare you !
If I find out who this is , I 'll staple a flag to your butt and mail you to Iran !
Season 13 [ edit ]
" Homer the Moe " [ CABF20 ] [ edit ]
Homer : [ answering the phone ] Yello ?
[ split screen , with the other half showing Bart on the couch at home ]
Bart :
Uh , yeah , I 'd like to speak with a Mr. Tabooger .
First name , Ollie .
Homer : Ooh , Bart !
My first prank call !
What do I do ?
Bart : Just ask if anyone knows Ollie Tabooger .
Homer : I do n't get it .
Bart :
Yell out , " Ollie Tabooger . "
Homer :
What 's the gag ?
Bart :
Oh , forget it .
[ hangs up ]
Season 14 [ edit ]
[ This prank is over a telegraph because the Simpsons are forced to live like it is 1895 .
Moe has a telegraph in his tavern . ]
Moe : Telegram for Heywood U. Kuddulmee !
Heywood U. Kuddulmee ?
Big guy in the back , " Heywood U. Kuddulmee ? "
[ Big guy stares at Moe angrily .
Lenny and Carl laugh ]
Oh , do , that little , ooh ...[ to telegraph ] I 'm ... gonna drive ... a golden spike ... where your Union meets your Central Pacific , stop !
[ Bart laughs ]
Season 15 [ edit ]
" The Way We Weren't " [ FABF13 ] [ edit ]
Young Marge : Hello , I 'd like to speak to Elvis Jagger Abdul - Jabbar .
Young Moe :
Hey , do n't you try and prank me with a fake name .
I will rip out your intestines and use them to make a lanyard !
Hello ?
Hello ?
[ groans and hangs up phone ]
And that 's the origin of that .
The Simpsons Movie [ edit ]
[ As Russ Cargill levels a shotgun at Homer and Bart ] Bart : Wait !
If you kill my dad , we 'll never know where the treasure is buried !
Cargill : What treasure ?
Bart :
You know ... the treasure of ...
Ima Wiener .
Cargill : " Ima Wiener " ?
[ Homer and Bart laugh ]
Homer : Classic !
Season 18 [ edit ]
[ Jack Bauer is in the middle of a fight and is talking to Bart , thinking that he is Chloe O'Brian ]
Jack : Chloe , I need those schematics now .
Bart : What ?
Who is this ?
Jack : I 'm Jack Bauer .
Who the hell are you ?
Bart : Me? I 'm ... Ahmed Adoudi .
Jack : Chloe , find out all you can about Ahmed Adoudi .
Does anyone there know Ahmed Adoudi ?
Chloe : Ahmed Adoudi , wealthy Saudi financier disappeared to Afghanistan in the late '90s .
Jack : Really ?
Chloe :
No , Jack , it 's a joke name .
You 're being set up .
Jack : Damn it !
Bart : [ laughs over phone}
Season 20 [ edit ]
Hawaiian Bartender : Aloha .
Bart : Aloha to you , I 'm looking for Maya , last name Normusbutt .
Hawaiian Bartender : Hang on , I 'll check .
Uh , has anyone here seen Maya Normusbutt ?
[ bar denizens laugh and the bartender there is upset .
The scene switches from Hawaii as Bart calls a bar in Australia .
The bar 's name , Crocodile Drunkees ] Australian Bartender : I got a Drew P. Wiener here .
Anyone expecting a Drew P. Wiener ?
I hold in my hand a Drew P. Wiener !
Bar denizen : Better put it down then , Mike !
[ He and the other patrons laugh .
The scene switches from Australia as Bart calls a bar in Sweden .
The bar 's name , Inga Bar Beermans ] Swedish Bartender : Ja ?
I shall enquire .
Is there a Mr. Maifrend - Sergei , first name Olaf ?
Attenchion everyone , Olaf Maifrend - Sergei ! [ bar denizens laugh ]
Wait a minute , if I ever get a holdt of you , I will thank you for shouing me the futality of human endeavor .
[ Bart and Milhouse laugh ]
Season 22 [ edit ]
Tony : [ voiceover ]
When I call for my Russian business partner , Yuri Nator , I do n't expect to be screamed at like I was some 10 - year - old punk making a prank call !
Moe : Yuri Nator ?
Yuri Nator ?
Hey , my mouth is begging for a Yuri Nator !
[ Bar denizens laugh . ]
Barney :
Be careful what you wish for !
Moe : [ to phone ]
Why you ...
I 'm gonna chop you into little pieces and make you into a Rubik 's Cube , which I will never solve !
" Love Is a Many Stranger Thing " [ edit ]
[ Homer is seen hanging himself in an attempt for Bart to save him .
He pulls the noose and jumps off a tree , but ends up choking himself . ]
Dr. Zander ( to Bart ) : Well ?
Anything ?!
Bart ( on his phone ) : Ca n't look .
Texting .
[ Cut to Moe 's Tavern .
Moe 's cell phone chimes , so he picks it up . ]
Moe : Ooh , a text !
[ looks at phone ]
Let 's see .
Text message for I. M. A. Weiner . ( to Barney , Lenny , and Carl ) As you can all see , I. M. A. Weiner .
[ Barney , Lenny , and Carl laugh ]
Barney : I see it , Moe !
Moe :
Why , you !
When I ... [ texts what he says ]
When ...
I ... get ahold ... of ... you , I ... [ stops texting ]
Oh , damn it , I typed an F and not a D. Uh ... delete , delete , delete , delete .
Oh , crap , I just donated $ 20 to Haiti ! [ Cut to Bart ] Bart : [ laughs as he texts eight smiley face emojis and an ellipsis ]
Season 24 [ edit ]
" The Dark Knight " [ edit ]
[ Moe is on the witness stand of Bart 's school trial over one of his prank calls ]
Skinner : Mr. Szyslak , what name did the defendant ask for when he called you at your bar ?
Moe :
He asked for , um ... Mike Rotch .
Skinner :
And then what did you say ?
Moe :
Well , I said um ..
I said " Mike Rotch , Mike Rotch . "
And then I ... [ starts crying ]
I 'm sorry .
Skinner :
Take all the time you need .
Moe : I uh ... I uh ...
I yelled out , " Has anybody seen Mike Rotch ? " [ everyone gasps ]
You see , they ... they thought I was asking if anybody wanted to see Mi ... oh man , this is so painful ... my crotch !
[ continues crying as everyone gasps and look at Bart angrily ]
Skinner :
Thank you for your bravery today .
Moe : I just had to make sure that he never did this to another bartender .
[ Moe tries to hang himself until his cell phone rings and he answers it . ]
Moe : [ smiles ]
Hello ?
Bart : Hi , I 'm looking for a Mr. Ron .
First name : Moe. Moe : Moe Ron ?
Ugh , moron .
It 's you , you little puke , I 'm gonna tie a rope around your neck , and hang ... [ starts hanging ]
I 'll show you who 's a ... moron ! [ continues hanging ]
Season 29 [ edit ]
[ Springfield is now living in a magical medieval world ] [ At Moe 's Tavern ]
[ A crow flies by with a message on its leg from Bart .
When the crow lands on a table , Moe picks the message up . ]
Moe :
Now let 's see here .
[ reading message ]
" An urgent message for Milady Gwendolyn Partz . " [ to Homer , Lenny , Carl , and Barney ] Uh , Milady Partz ?
Hey , has anyone seen Milady Partz ? [ cut to the rest of the bar patrons ]
Ah , come on , somebody grab Milady Partz .
Barney :
That depends - how big is your dowry ?
[ bar patrons laugh ]
Moe ( writing a note while talking as the crow watches him ) :
You little craven , if I ever get my hands on you , I 'm gonna slice you open and drain all of your humors : blood , black bile , yellow bile ...
[ Cut to Bart and Milhouse .
The same crow who had given Bart 's message to Moe has given Moe 's message to Bart .
Bart has almost finished reading Moe 's message . ]
Bart : " ... and phlegm . " [ laughs with Milhouse ]
[ When Bart is stranded underground , he finds a telephone , with which he uses to call Moe . ]
Bart : I 'm looking for a Ms. Culls .
First name Tess , middle initial T. [ Cut to Moe at his bar ]
Moe : Uh , just a sec .
I 'll check .
Uh , Tess T. Culls .
Tess T. Culls !
Aw , come on , I know you 're hanging around here somewhere .
[ Barney , Carl , and Sam laugh ]
Moe :
Why you little ...
When I catch you , I 'm gonna stick a beer tap in ya and pull till the foam comes out your ears !
[ Cut to Bart , who is still underground ]
Bart : [ laughs , but then the phone wire catches on fire ] [ stamps on wire ]
Oh ! [ stamps again ]
Oh !
[ phone wire is put out but is now gone ]
[ Bart groans in despair ]
Season 30 [ edit ]
" My Way or the Highway to Hell " [ edit ]
[ Cut to France in the World War II time period with Marge 's atheist grandmother Genevieve .
Genevieve 's husband Meaux ( Moe ) hears the phone and answers it . ]
Meaux : Cafe Meaux .
Meaux speaking .
Bart ( French accent ) : I 'd like to speak to Monsieur Pants , first name Pierre .
Meaux : Un moment .
Pierre Pants ?!
Pierre Pants ?!
Oh , come on , anyone in this joint Pierre Pants ?
[ French and Germans laugh ]
Wolfcastle ( German ) : Heil humor !
Barney ( American ) : [ laughs ]
Wolfcastle : Laughing is for Germans only !
[ shoots a gun at Barney 's leg ]
Barney : Ow !
" From Russia With Love " [ edit ]
[ At Moe 's Tavern ]
Moe :
No women , no buddies ... [ telephone rings ]
Ah , thank God , a friend !
[ answers phone ]
Moe 's Tavern .
Moe speaking .
[ Cut to Bart , who is in his bedroom with Nelson and Milhouse ] Bart : Uh , hello .
I 'm looking for a Mr. Buttface [ Milhouse laughs ] , first name Ima .
Moe : " Ima " ?
Nobody 's been named that in , like , a hundred years , and as for the rest , why do n't you double - check that name , huh ?
Try saying it out loud .
Bart : Ima Buttface ?
[ Milhouse laughs ]
Nelson : Haw - haw !
Moe : Yeah , well , mistakes are how we learn there , young fella .
Good luck in your , uh , your journey into adulthood .
[ puts phone down ]
Russia would like to change this practice , at least among its customers , as a means of elevating the importance of the ruble , a new source of national pride after gaining 30 percent against the dollar during the current oil boom .
In a speech on economic policy this month , Dmitri A. Medvedev , a deputy prime minister and the likely successor to President Vladimir V. Putin in elections on March 2 , said Russia should seize opportunities created by the weak dollar .
“ Today , the global economy is going through uneasy times , ” Mr. Medvedev said .
“ The role of the key reserve currencies is under review .
And we must take advantage of it . ”
He asserted that “ the ruble will de facto become one of the regional reserve currencies . ”
Other oil - exporting countries are also chafing at dealing in the weakening dollar .
Since 2005 , Iran , the world ’s fourth - largest oil exporter , has tried to open a commodity exchange to trade oil in currencies other than the dollar .
The Iranian ambassador to Russia said Iran might choose rubles to free his country from “ dollar slavery . ”
To be sure , some economists have dismissed the project as improbable , given the exotic nature of a security  oil futures contracts denominated in rubles  that would blend currency risk with the dollar - based global oil market .
Ruble - denominated futures contracts for Ural Blend , the main Russian grade , would be attractive only if the dollar continues to depreciate , said Vitaly Y. Yermakov , research director for Russian and Caspian energy at Cambridge Energy Research Associates .
“ There is a big distance between the desire to trade commodities for rubles and the ability to do so , ” he said .
Chapter 11
The Molecular Machinery of Life
“… I went to Cambridge and saw the model and met Francis and Jim .
It was the most exciting day of my life .
The double helix was a revelatory experience ; for me , everything fell into place and my future scientific life was decided there and then .
When the paper appeared a few weeks later , it was not well received by the establishment , composed largely of professional biochemists .
They could not see , at the time , how profoundly it would change their subject by offering us a framework for studying the chemistry of biological information . ”
Sydney Brenner . " A Structure for Deoxyribose Nucleic Acid " , J. D. Watson and F. H. C. Crick .
Nature 1953 , 171:737-738 .
Appears in " Outstanding Papers in Biology , " selected and introduced by Sydney Brenner .
1953 .
In the previous chapter , we pointed out that the ability to store information is the essential ability that makes life and the evolution of life by natural selection possible .
In this chapter we will discuss how that information is stored .
All living organisms on Earth do it the same way , which is strong evidence that that all life arose from a common ancestor .
In addition , we will discuss those processes that living organisms use in order to process that information , which enables a living organism to carry out those functions necessary to maintain its life .
Again , the same mechanism operates in all living things .
First , though , we need to know what is meant by the term “ information ” and how it is stored in general .
As a prelude to how life does it , we first discuss the mechanism used by a far simpler entity — the digital computer — whose operation mimics many of the operations carried out by living organisms .
Indeed , there are those who maintain that a robot with a computer brain could ultimately be assembled and programmed to such a high degree of sophistication that a human being communicating with it , but unable to see it , would be hard - pressed to tell that the robot was not alive — more about this in a later chapter !
11.1 The Decimal Code
What does the number 3298 mean ?
Your first thought is probably that this a ridiculous question !
You know what it means .
It means three thousand two hundred and ninety - eight .
Humans use the decimal code so frequently ( possibly because we have ten fingers ) and so unconsciously that most of us have forgotten that it is a place - based number based on powers of ten — or the decimal base .
We owe this numbering system to Hindu scholars who invented it certainly by the 6th century CE and possibly earlier .
Its invention hinged on the invention of the digit “ 0 ” whose first uncontested appearance was an inscription found in the Vikrama calendar at Gwalior in 876 CE .
We might wonder how western science would have emerged the place - based system had never been invented and we were still doing math with roman numerals .
Ugh — I hate to imagine !
Now , let ’s examine exactly what the number 3298 means .
First , we ’ll write it as 3298 10 to emphasize that it is a number expressed in the base 10 , or decimal , system .
Usually , the subscript is omitted since this system is used world - wide ( except by a large number of computer geeks ) .
The chart below illustrates what all the digits in this number represent based on their place of occurrence in the number .
105=100000 104=10000 103=1000 102=100 101=10 100=1 0 0 3 2 9 8
The digit ’s position tells you how many of the corresponding powers of ten contribute to the overall value of the number .
( We ’ve shown more powers of ten than necessary primarily to indicate what successively higher places mean . )
For example , the value of the number is obtained by adding the value of each digit according to its place as indicated in the table below …
0 x 105 = 000000 0 x 104 = + 00000 3 x 103 = + 3000 2 x 102 = + 200 9 x 101 = + 90 8 x 100 = + 8 3298
Goodness — we ’ve simply arrived at our original number !
However , hopefully you are now more aware of exactly what any digit in a place - based system means .
It means — multiply each digit by the power of ten represented by the digit ’s place and add up all the resulting values to get the final count .
The significance of the development of the positional number system is probably best described by the French mathematician Pierre Simon Laplace ( 1749 –1827 ) who wrote :
" It is India that gave us the ingenuous method of expressing all numbers by the means of ten symbols , each symbol receiving a value of position , as well as an absolute value ; a profound and important idea which appears so simple to us now that we ignore its true merit , but its very simplicity , the great ease which it has lent to all computations , puts our arithmetic in the first rank of useful inventions , and we shall appreciate the grandeur of this achievement when we remember that it escaped the genius of Archimedes and Apollonius , two of the greatest minds produced by antiquity . "
11.2 The Binary Code
The decimal code uses 10 digits … 0 –9 .
How about other bases ?
Numbers stored in computers use the base two , or binary , system , which requires only 2 digits … 0 and 1 .
Why ?
Modern day computers are electronic gadgets .
Its loaded with tiny electronic switches , which either allow the passage of electrical current or block its passage .
Think of a knife switch that passes an electric current — the type that you perhaps saw in old Frankenstein films .
More common examples can be found all over your house — when you wish to turn on a light in your house you close a “ toggle switch . ”
This closure allows current to pass from the power company through your light bulb .
The “ knife switch ” — shown in Figure 2 — serves the same function .
When it is closed , current can pass from a circuit attached to one side of the switch to a circuit attached to the other side .
When the switch is open , as shown in the figure — no current can pass through the switch .
Thus , the action of the switch can be symbolically represented by two digits — “ 0 ” symbolizes an open switch and “ 1 ” symbolizes a closed switch .
We could ‘ invert ’ this representation and use the state of the knife switch — open or closed — ‘ off ’ or ‘ on ’— to represent either a 0 or a 1 .
Fig 2 Knife Switch
Suppose we have a number of switches at our disposal , say eleven of them .
We can position them in a row and use their ‘ state ’ ( closed or open ) to represent a place - based number expressed in the binary system .
For example , let ’s reconsider the number 3298 again .
Can it be represented as a binary number , which in turn is represented by the physical state of twelve knife switches ?
Let ’s see .
Consider the following pattern of ‘ button ’ type switch states — the button glows green when on or red when off :
211=2048 210=1024 29=512 28=256 27=128 26=64 25=32 24=16 23=4 22=4 21=2 20=1 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 0
The binary number this pattern of switch states represents is — 110011100010 2 .
By the way , each binary digit in the number is called a bit — ‘ b ’ from b inary and ‘ it ’ from dig it .
Each successive bit represents a value by virtue of its place that is a power of 2 larger than the previous place - based value .
I ’ve included the subscript 2 in the number to indicate that it is expressed in the base two system ( given that only 2 digits appear , one would guess that it ’s a binary number ) .
Now , as we did with the decimal number , let ’s calculate the resultant value of this number .
Since we are humans with 10 fingers , we ’ll convert the number to its decimal equivalent as well .
B inary Dig it ( Bit ) Place Value Binary Number Decimal Number 1 x 211= 100000000000 2048 1 x 210= 10000000000 1024 0 x 29 = 0000000000 0 0 x 28 = 000000000 0 1 x 27 = 10000000 128 1 x 26 = 1000000 64 1 x 25 = 100000 32 0 x 24 = 00000 0 0 x 23 = 0000 0 0 x 22= 000 0 1 x 21= 10 2 0 x 20= 0 0 110011100010 3298
Interesting , huh ?
The binary number 110011100010 is equivalent to the decimal number 3298 !
So , I guess the answer to the question above is yes — 3298 can be represented as a binary number whose only digits are 0 and 1 .
This whole discussion started with a number that was chosen arbitrarily .
There was absolutely no reason why it was chosen .
We could have started with any other number chosen at random .
This means that any and every decimal number has a binary equivalent .
All numbers in any base can be expressed in the base 2 system .
Back to electronic switches .
Computers in essence are nothing more than an array of electronic switches — albeit an enormous number of them .
The switches themselves are mostly very tiny transistors although other devices can be used — as long as they are simple 2 - state systems — either off or on — ‘ 0 ’ or ‘ 1 ’ .
Thus , computers can store any numbers one desires to store — as long as enough electronic switches are available .
Storing numbers is all well and good , but what about ‘ information ’ ?
Is n’t information a lot more than just numbers ?
Well — yes — and no .
We ’ll take this up in the next section .
11.3 Can Patterns of Bits Code Any Kind of Information ?
Is it possible that binary numbers can be used to store information other than just numbers ?
In order to address that question , let ’s describe briefly how an early generation rudimentary computer works .
The basic behavior of modern computers is really not much different .
Each successive generation of computers has access to many more electronic switches than did their predecessors — the switches are a lot smaller than ever before — and they can switch from off to on and vice - versa a lot faster .
Also , the sophistication of their operating ‘ software ’ has increased dramatically over the years — a characteristic made possible mostly by increased number switches and their interconnections .
We ’ll start with a typical conversation that occurs in the classroom — triggered by asking students to give a figure of merit that might represent the power of their computer —
One of them will say —
“ It ’s got 160 gigabytes . ”
“ What does that mean , ” I ask , which elicits a blank stare .
“ That number represents the storage capacity of your computer ’s peripheral storage device — namely , the hard drive attached to the computer , but rigorously speaking , it ’s not part of the computer per se .
By the way , what ’s a gigabyte ? ”
— more blank stares , so I again ask , “ I ’ll tell you what that means in minute , but for now can anyone else give me a figure of merit related directly to your computer ? ”
Someone pipes up , “ Mine runs at 3 gigahertz . ”
“ Yep , that ’s good ” I respond , “ — that ’s a measure of its clock speed or how rapidly it can change its internal electronic switches from off to on — anything else ? ”
Another student says , “ Mine ’s got 1 gigabyte of memory . ”
Another says , “ Mine ’s got an Intel Core i5 processor . ”
“ Hot dog ! ” I say , “ Now we ’re getting somewhere .
All these characteristics relate to your computer ’s power per se .
Let ’s see what all this stuff means and the best way to do that is to describe how a ‘ computer for dummies ’ adds two numbers together ” —
Fig 3
A computer for ' dummies . '
Computers run programs .
A program is a sequence of instructions and data , which has been designed to carry out some algorithm , which is a sequence of steps required to perform some kind of calculation or answer some question .
Some human wrote the program and ‘ put it inside the computer ’ so that it could execute the programmed instructions using the data supplied and arrive at an answer — presumably much faster than could be accomplished by its human programmer .
How does this work ?
A basic computer consists of two main parts : ( i ) memory and a ( ii ) CPU , or central processing unit .
We ’ll ignore all the external attachments , like peripheral disk storage units , video display , mouse , keyboard , blah , blah , blah .
They just complicate the issue .
We simply want to examine the guts of the computer to see how it works .
The program that the computer ‘ runs ’ is stored in its memory in the form of a sequence of coded instructions and data .
The CPU retrieves this information from memory in a step by step sequential fashion and does what the current instruction tells it to do .
( i) Memory is where all information is stored that the computer needs to perform a calculation .
It consists of a ‘ matrix ’ of electronic switches arranged as a sequence of cells whose rows represent computer ‘ words . ’
Each word is represented by a specified number of switches that can be either off or on .
The state of each switch is equivalent to one bit —0 or 1 .
In our simple computer , one word consists of 8 bits in a row ( historically , a ‘ byte ’ is ½ of a word .
If a computer operates with 16 bit words , each word consists of two bytes — each byte is then 8 bits long ) .
Words are arranged in sequential rows and the location of the row in which a word resides is designated by a number , which is the address of the word .
This arrangement is depicted in the table below .
You can see that the first 5 rows in this computer ’s memory contains words consisting of 5 non-zero binary numbers located at memory addresses 0 – 4 .
The sixth row and those that follow contain null words — all bits in the words are 0’s .
Our computer has 256 words .
Their addresses range from 0 to 255 .
If your home computer has 1 gigabyte of memory using 16 bit words ( here we ’ll assume for the sake of simplicity that the bit length of a byte and a word are identical ) then it contains 1 billion words , each one consisting of 16 bits .
In other words , your computer memory contains 16 billion electronic switches !
Memory Address 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 …etc 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
( ii ) The CPU is ‘ driven ’ by an electronic oscillator that functions as a clock .
The CPU consists of a lot of electronics that turns switches on or off as needed — at a rate determined by the frequency of the clock .
If that frequency is , say , 3 gigahertz ( Ghz ) , the clock ticks at a rate of 3 billion cycles per second .
The exact details of the operation of the CPU need not concern us here .
It has two parts that do concern us though — two electronic registers : one called the accumulator and one called the program counter .
The accumulator does what its name implies — it accumulates — or stores the intermediate results of some calculation as that calculation is carried out .
The program counter keeps track of where you are in the program — that is , which step in the program is currently being executed .
Program Counter ( PC ) 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1
Accumulator ( AC ) 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1
The two tables above show the program counter and accumulator registers .
Registers , like memory , are just an array of electronic switches whose number is identical to the number of switches that make up a single word of memory .
Also , the electronic switches in the register are usually made of electronics that differ from the electronics that make up memory .
They are capable of switching much more rapidly than the switches in memory cells .
At the moment , the binary number shown in the program counter is equivalent to decimal 3 .
This means that whatever ‘ information ’ is stored at memory address 3 is about to be retrieved , or fetched , from that memory location and ‘ operated with or upon ’ by the CPU .
Upon completion of the operation , whatever result is obtained will get stored in the accumulator .
In the case illustrated above , the binary number 111 , or decimal 7 , is currently in the accumulator and that value will be overwritten with the result of the CPU ’s operation .
Upon completion of that operation , the CPU will automatically increment the contents of the PC by 1 so that it will next contain the binary number 100 , or decimal 4 .
The CPU will now retrieve whatever ‘ information ’ is stored at memory address location 4 and operate upon it , storing the result obtained in the AC .
The process continues until the CPU is ‘ told ’ to halt , which is the last piece of information stored in memory .
The result in the accumulator is thus the final result of the calculation .
Now let ’s dig into this a little more deeply by examining the sequence of operations that the computer carries out in order to add the numbers 7 and 5 together .
Every computer program is written in binary code .
A given binary number represents one of the many instructions to which the computer has been constructed to ‘ recognize . ’
The program illustrated below uses only two instructions .
Ever more powerful computers constructed of increasingly larger numbers of electronic switches endow them with ever larger ‘ vocabularies . ’
This makes possible increasingly richer instruction sets .
The numbers displayed in the memory table above represent a program , coded in binary , concocted to carry out the operation of adding 7 and 5 .
We reproduce the table below and add a column listing the particular instruction ( or data ) those binary numbers represent and that has been ‘ loaded ’ into each memory address in sequential fashion .
Memory Address Instruction 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 Clear AC 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 Add # 7 , AC 2 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 7 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 Add # 5 , AC 4 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 5 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Halt …etc 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
We start the calculation by telling the computer to ‘ run the program ’— maybe by pushing a ‘ run ’ button on the front of the computer .
The PC is automatically ‘ zeroed ’ and the CPU ‘ fetches ’ the binary number located at memory address 0 .
The CPU has some more internal electronics ( that we have n’t described ) that decodes this number — its value is 1 and the CPU knows what that means — it is the binary code that represents the instruction — ‘ clear the accumulator ’ , i.e. , open all its switches , which is thus sets them all to 0 .
The CPU then automatically increments the PC to 1 — goes to memory location 1 — fetches the number from that location — decodes it — and realizes that the binary number 10 , or decimal 2 , means ‘ add # 7 to the AC . ’’
Furthermore , the CPU knows that the number to be added to the accumulator ( which in this case is 7 ) is located at the next sequential memory address , immediately following the add instruction .
We have colored the 7 red to indicate that this binary number is data and not an instruction — it does n’t have to be decoded .
The CPU knows that this is the situation that applies to every add # instruction — the data always follows immediately after the instruction — the # symbol stands for immediate .
At this point , the CPU again increments the PC from 1 to 2 — goes to memory location 2 — fetches the data and , no need to decode , simply adds that data to the accumulator .
Thus , 111 , or decimal 7 is now stored in the accumulator .
The process continues until the CPU fetches all 0’s at memory location 5 — decodes the instruction , which means halt — and so the computer halts .
I bet that you can now see that the value stored in the AC is 1100 , or decimal 12 , which is the correct answer .
Suppose a computer is capable of executing 256 instructions ( or any other number of them ) .
Obviously , each one of those instructions could be represented uniquely by 1 of 256 binary numbers .
Sophisticated electronics could be set up in the CPU designed to activate circuits in 1 of 256 different ways in order to execute the appropriate instruction .
Thus , binary numbers code all types of information — not only numbers but also instructions to do something or even conditional instructions that do one of several different things depending upon the current intermediate result of some operation .
Obviously , a lot of stuff has been left out of our discussion of computers .
For example , how does the information get into the computer — how do you get at the result ?
Good questions all , but irrelevant for the sake of the essential point — all types of information can be stored in a computer using some type of binary code .
The process we have just described is quite analogous to the process of life — information is retrieved from storage and acted upon to produce a result .
The information that life uses is not stored in an electronic memory in the form of a binary code , nor is its CPU a bunch of electronic circuits .
The storage facility and CPU in living organisms are all molecular , produced by chemical reactions that take place in biological systems — these molecules are mostly , DNA , RNA and proteins — and the energy that ’s necessary to process the information does not come from the electric power company — it ’s extracted from other molecules , which ultimately got its store of energy from the Sun .
11.4 DNA and RNA
The race to uncover the secret of the structure of the DNA molecule is one of the most fascinating episodes in the history of science and its discovery one of its greatest achievements .
1869 was a landmark year in genetic research — the Swiss physiological chemist , Friedrich Miescher , discovered a substance that he called nuclein inside the nuclei of human white blood cells .
It was DNA !
Astonishingly , more than 50 years passed before scientists realized the significance of Miescher ’s discovery .
Several scientists did and eventually they successfully isolated the substance and identified its three structural components .
Years later , Francis Crick and James Watson mapped out its 3 - dimensional structure , the famous double helix . [ 1 ]
They received the Nobel Prize in 1962 for their work — the gist of which is presented below .
( Also , see Focus Box 1 )
DNA
· The DNA molecule resembles the stucture of a ladder — twisted into the shape of a double helix .
A ladder consists of two main components : two supporting spines held together by connecting rungs .
The spine and half of a rung of the DNA “ ladder ” is composed of a linked chain of single nucleotides ( Chapter 10 , Section 6 ) , with the sugar - phosphate group of one nucleotide bound to the sugar phosphate group of another , forming the structure of a spine .
The nitrogenous base of each nucleotide “ dangles ” out on the side of each nucleotide forming half of a rung .
If the half - rungs of two such anti-parallel chains of nucleotides are linked together , forming whole rungs , a complete DNA molecule results ( Figure 4 ) .
The way in which rungs can link together is restricted — the linkage follows a base - pairing rule : A—T and C—G , that is , adenine can connect only with thymine and cytosine can connect only with guanine .
Thus , there are only four possible ladder rungs that can exist in DNA : ( i ) A—T ( ii ) T— A ( iii ) C—G or ( iv ) G—C .
It is this base - pairing rule that makes it possible for DNA to store a living organism ’s information in the form of the genetic code — and all life on Earth is based on the same code !
· Most DNA double helices are right - handed ; that is , if you were to grab one of the spines with your right - hand with your thumb pointed in the direction of the spine , your right - hand fingers would curl in the counter - clockwise rotational direction of the helix ( there is one type of DNA , called Z - DNA that is left - handed ) .
· The DNA double helix is anti-parallel , which means that the leading 5 ' end of a strand is paired with its following 3 ' end as you proceed along the strand ( and vice versa for the complementary strand ) , i.e. , the 5 ' end has a leading phosphate group linked to the 5th carbon atom of the sugar and the 3 ' end has an OH group linked to the 3rd carbon atom of the sugar removed and replaced by a link to the O– of the following phosphate group ; thus , nucleotides are linked to each other by their phosphate groups , which bind the 3 ' end of one sugar to the 5 ' end of the next sugar .
( Examine Figure 4 to decipher this description of the connections .
Carbon atoms in the sugar molecule are counted 1 thru 5 clockwise starting from oxygen at the apex of the molecule — see also Figure 31 , Chapter 10 )
· The DNA base pairs are connected via hydrogen bonds .
Note , however , that exposed hydrogen atoms can be found on the outer edges of the nitrogen - containing bases , which are therefore available for potential hydrogen bonding as well .
These potential hydrogen bonds provide easy access to DNA by other molecules , including the proteins that play vital roles in the replication and expression of DNA .
What the term replication means is obvious and the term ‘ expression of DNA ’ refers to the reading of the genetic information stored in DNA followed by the synthesis of some genetic product .
These two processes will be discussed in following sections .
RNA
RNA structure is similar to that of DNA , but differs in three important ways :
· RNA is half a ladder — it is a single strand of linked nucleotides .
· The sugar in a nucleotide of RNA is ribose — not deoxyribose — it has a single H attached to one of its carbon atoms instead of an OH ( Figure 31 , Chapter 10 ) .
· Uracil ( U ) replaces thymine ( T ) as one of its four possible nitrogenous bases .
The shape of Uracil , like that of DNA ’s thymine , allows it to bond only to adenine .
This ability allows RNA to play an important role in regulating chemical reactions in a cell .
There are several different types of RNA in a cell but all have the same basic structure .
11.5 Replication of DNA
Cell division must take place if an organism is to grow and this requires the replication of DNA molecules .
The process of DNA replication is more complicated than we will attempt to describe here , but roughly speaking the process is carried out by a number of enzymes ( remember , enzymes are made of proteins in part and the geometry of the enzyme is what enables it to facilitate chemical reactions ) .
First , the enzymes helicase and topoisomerase unwind the double helix and break the hydrogen bonds that link the rungs of the ladder , effectively splitting the molecule into two complementary strands ( Figure 5 ) .
Notice that where the complementary strands are split , bases are left unpaired — for example , you can see that at beginning of the split in Figure 5 that the A—T and G—C base pairs have been broken .
However , many free nucleotides are floating around in the fluid surrounding the DNA molecule and an enzyme called DNA polymerase will find the proper ones and attach them to the unpaired bases according to the base - pairing rule , thus initiating the formation of two additional complementary strands connected to the ones that have been split apart .
This formation process is represented by the two green strands starting to form in Figure 5 .
Eventually , the formation process will be completed and the result will be two DNA molecules identical in every way to the original parent .
Thus , the simple chemistry of base - pairing provides a mechanism for passing hereditary information from parent to offspring .
11.6 From DNA to Proteins
The DNA molecule is like the Encyclopedia Britannica ( a lot of them ) or , in this day and age , perhaps more like Google . [ 2 ]
The question arises , “ In what language is the information written and exactly how is the information read ? ”
The language is the genetic code made possible by the base - paring rule and the reading operation is performed by a combination of RNA and proteins .
The DNA molecule contains all the information in the form of the genetic code that is necessary to run the chemistry of life that is carried out within each individual cell in all living organisms .
The sum of all this information is called the organism ’s genome .
It is stored in the sequence of nucleotides that make up the DNA molecule .
The chemical reactions that take place within a cell are regulated by protein enzymes so the question of how cellular chemistry works is basically the question of how proteins are manufactured within a cell .
This manufacturing process is carried out according to instructions stored in DNA .
11.7 Transcription of DNA
DNA is a huge molecule .
Human DNA contains about 3 billion nucleotide pairs that are arranged in a specific way to store the coded information needed to manufacture the many proteins used by the living organism .
It is found inside the nucleus of eukaryotic cells ( or in the cell at large in prokaryotic cells ) .
The nucleus of a cell is surrounded by a double membrane that is quite effective at protecting the DNA information storehouse .
So the question arises , “ How is this information contained within DNA , which itself is contained within a protective wall , transferred out into the cell and in a form where it can be used ?
The answer to the question is that it is carried out in a process called transcription .
Transcription of DNA is catalyzed by the RNA polymerase enzyme ( RNAP ) .
The information that controls the construction of a specific protein lies along a segment of the DNA molecule called a gene .
This information consists of essentially three parts :
( i ) .
A sequence of nucleotides that make up a promoter region and a leader sequence that guides the beginning of the transcription — followed by —
( ii ) .
A region that contains the nucleotides that code for the specific amino acid sequence that make up the protein to be constructed — followed by —
( iii ) .
A series of nucleotides that make up a terminal sequence that stop the transcription .
To begin the process , RNAP attaches to the promoter region , with the aid of certain other proteins called transcription factors .
This complex of RNAP and transcription factors break the hydrogen bonds of the DNA molecule , “ unzipping ” it into two strands , providing access to one of them by RNAP .
The RNAP uses that strand as a template for the transcription process , which it carries out by moving along the template from the 3 ’ end to the 5 ’ end and assembling a single strand of messenger RNA ( mRNA ) according to the base - pairing rule — but substituting uracil for thymine .
The RNAP gathers up the nucleotides that it needs for the assembly of mRNA from the surrounding medium .
These nucleotides that are incorporated into mRNA are formed of the sugar , ribose — not the deoxyribose that make up DNA .
The mRNA that is produced is therefore a copy of the complementary “ un- transcribed ” DNA strand ( called the coding strand ) , except for the substitution of uracil for thymine and ribose for deoxyribose .
The copy proceeds from the 5 ’ end to the 3 ’ end .
RNAP moves along the DNA template strand until it reaches a terminator sequence .
At that point , RNAP releases the mRNA polymer and detaches from the DNA .
The transcription process is pictured in Figure 6 — and it ’s worth examining this figure closely !
The mRNA is a tiny molecule compared with DNA — it contains only one gene ’s worth of information — the amount needed to construct a single protein .
Therefore , it can easily pass through the larger pores in the nuclear membrane out into the cell at large .
Thus , it transports information contained in a segment of DNA ( a gene ) out into the cell where it is needed — hence its name , messenger RNA .
11.8 The Genetic Code
Combinations of no more than 20 different amino acids make up all proteins .
The code for a protein stored in DNA and transcribed into mRNA is expressed as a sequence of codons — each codon consisting of a triplet of 3 consecutive nitrogenous bases ( the information storage unit of nucleotides ) .
Therefore , each amino acid in the protein chain is represented by a single codon — or a ‘ word ’ consisting of 3 bases .
The number of possible words contained in the genetic dictionary is easy to calculate : each word consists of only 3 ‘ letters ’ and only 4 letters make up the genetic alphabet A , T , C and G for DNA or A , U , C and G for RNA .
By convention , the genetic code is based on the RNA alphabet .
Thus , the number of different words that can be written down is 4 x 4 x 4 = 64 .
In principle , then , DNA ( or equivalently RNA ) could store enough information to represent 64 different amino acids , each amino acid coded for by one of the 64 unique words .
However , since only 20 amino acids are used to make all life ’s proteins , there are a lot of words that code for the same amino acid .
For example , consider the two words — UUU and UUC — or 3 Uracils in an mRNA codon vs 2 Uracils followed by a Cytosine .
Each word codes for the amino acid phenylalanine .
This is shown in the chart of Figure 7 .
Thus , the genetic code is a degenerate code .
This does n’t mean that it has the same quality as a ‘ dirty old man ’ and should be isolated from society — degeneracy is a technical term that in this case means that several words code for the same amino acid .
This property makes the genetic code very robust , i.e. , if DNA has suffered damage , it stands a reasonable chance of being repaired in a way that leads to no change in the assembly of the desired protein .
11.9 Translation of mRNA into a Protein
There is 1 codon that represents a start - signal for manufacturing a protein .
It is the code AUG for the amino acid Methionine .
The AUG codon is always located at the start of every mRNA molecule .
There are 3 codons that represent a stop - signal : ( i ) UAG , UGA and UAA .
Stop - codons are also called ‘ termination ’ or ‘ nonsense ’ codons because there is no amino acid that they represent .
A constructor molecule , called a ribosome , reads the information contained in the nucleotide sequence between the start - codon and the stop - codon of the mRNA molecule and uses it to manufacture a protein .
This process is known as translation , i.e. , the ribosome ‘ translates ’ the genetic information from RNA and uses it to assemble proteins out of the specified amino acids .
Guess what — ribosomes are enzymes and their geometry is such that they readily bind to an mRNA molecule .
They use the mRNA as a template to assemble the correct sequence of amino acids that make up a particular protein .
An example of an mRNA molecule and the code it contains is shown in Figure 8 .
The DNA gene , the mRNA molecule that was produced by transcribing this gene and the resulting protein constructed by the ribosome are indicated in the sequences that follow :
DNA ATGACGGAGCTTCGGAGCTAG
TACTGCCTCGAAGCCTCGATC
mRNA AUGACGGAGCUUCGGAGCUAG
Protein Start - Thr - Glu-Leu-Arg - Ser - Stop
The amino acids that the ribosome needs to construct the protein are floating around in the cytoplasm of a cell .
These amino acids are attracted and attached to another type of RNA molecule called transfer RNA ( tRNA ) .
There is one particular tRNA molecule for each of the possible words that code for the 20 different amino acids that could be used to make a protein .
Because the genetic code is robust , there are different tRNAs that carry the same amino acid .
Ribosomes are enzymes made from complexes of RNA ’s and proteins .
They are divided into two subunits , one larger than the other .
The smaller subunit is the one that binds to the mRNA , while the larger subunit binds to the tRNA and the amino acid it carries .
As a ribosome ‘ reads ’ a particular codon , it attracts the appropriate tRNA molecule to it .
The tRNA molecule enters one part of the ribosome and binds to the mRNA codon being read ( the binding of the tRNA molecule takes place because it contains the anti-codon corresponding to the mRNA codon ) .
The attached amino acids are then joined together by another part of the ribosome .
The ribosome moves along the mRNA , ‘ reading ’ its sequence and producing a chain of amino acids .
The process terminates when the ribosome reads a stop - codon .
Its two subunits open up and then it releases the completed polypeptide
Fig 9 . Schematic of protein synthesis by a ribosome
chain — the desired protein .
This ‘ manufacturing ’ process is schematized in Figure 9 .
The ribosome reads mRNA codons and attracts corresponding tRNA molecules to it , which carry the ‘ coded for ’ amino acids .
The amino acids are linked together into a growing chain and the empty tRNA is released .
The process halts when a ‘ stop ’ codon is read .
11.10 Central Dogma of Molecular Biology
The net result of this rather complex molecular machinery has been the production of a particular protein enzyme , based upon information encoded in a particular stretch of the DNA molecule .
This segment of DNA is a gene and the protein enzyme produced on the basis of that gene will be used to drive a certain chemical reaction in a cell .
That reaction might determine eye color , skin color or any other of the characteristics of a living organism .
The flow of information from DNA to protein is a one - way street , which is the basis of the central dogma of molecular biology , first expressed by Francis Crick in 1958 and subsequently in a Nature publication in 1970 . [ 3 ]
Crick ’s central dogma states that information in a protein cannot be transferred to another protein or back to the nucleic acids whence it came .
Pictorially , the central dogma is shown in Figure 10 .
In essence , it points out that ( i ) information contained in DNA can be transferred to another DNA ( replication ) , ( ii ) information contained in DNA can be copied into mRNA ( transcription ) and ( iii ) proteins can be synthesized using the information in mRNA as a template ( translation ) .
However , there are special cases in which information can flow ‘ backwards . ’
For example , a retrovirus like HIV can transfer information from its RNA ( it does n’t have any DNA ) back into its host ’s DNA .
A basic schematic of the HIV virus is shown in Figure 11 .
The virus is encapsulated by a phospholipid layer from which protrudes a complex of 70 proteins whose geometry is designed to mate with certain protein receptors in the host cell ( uh - oh ) !
Upon entry to the target cell , an enzyme contained within the virus called reverse transcriptase converts the virus ’
RNA genome into a small , double stranded DNA genome .
Another of the virus ’ enzyme , called integrase , integrates , or inserts the virus DNA genome into the host cell DNA .
At this point , the host cell is infected — the cell ’s replication machinery will now replicate the virus !
In other words , the HIV virus has co-opted the cellular machinery of its host to make copies of its own RNA , thus information has flowed from viral RNA to viral DNA to host DNA and back to viral RNA .
As another example of the reversal of information flow , direct translation from DNA to protein , skipping over the mRNA intermediary , has been demonstrated in a cell - free system ( i.e. in a laboratory test tube ) .
Given that the primary reason for the transcription process is to produce the much smaller mRNA molecule in order to transport the genetic information through the nuclear membrane , the laboratory scientist ’s concoction of such a process might not be too surprising .
The process involves extracts from E. coli bacteria that contained ribosomes , but not intact cells .
These cell fragments could express proteins from foreign DNA templates .
Be that as it may , no known living system exists in which information from proteins is transferred back to RNA or DNA .
Every living organism on Earth operates via the same basic molecular machinery that we have just described .
Each living organism has different information encoded in its genes .
The nature of a cell is determined by the chemical reactions that take place within it and these chemical reactions are driven by the wide variety of its protein enzyme ‘ inhabitants . ’
The information required to manufacture all of these proteins from amino acids within the cell is stored within the cell ’s DNA .
Every cell within a single , complex , multi- celled organism such as a human contains the same DNA .
Perhaps what is most remarkable is the unequivocal fact that every living organism stores the information it needs in its DNA using the same genetic code shown in Figure 7 .
It is unmistakably the greatest unifying principle in the biology of living systems .
DNA is truly ‘ the molecule of life . ’
11.11 Darwinian Evolution Revisited
Uncovering the nature of DNA and how its genes are expressed has provided striking confirmation of Darwin ’s theory of evolution driven by on natural selection .
Darwin knew nothing of DNA .
He based his theory entirely on his observations of the variations he saw in various populations of species ( see Focus Box 1 , Chapter 10 ) .
We now know how such variations occur — they are caused by gradual changes in DNA that occur over time — those genes that endow their ‘ owners ’ with a greater probability of survival than do the genes of other members of the same species are the ones that ultimately spread throughout a population .
This is natural selection .
If each succeeding generation of living organisms had exactly the same DNA as its predecessors , they would be identical copies and organisms would not evolve .
Natural selection could n’t work .
However , their DNA is different and each member of a species has slightly different DNA than other members .
In those organisms that reproduce sexually , the DNA makeup of an offspring is a composite of the DNA of its preceding parents .
Also , in sexually reproducing organisms , as well as those that reproduce asexually , changes occur in the makeup of DNA that are caused by ‘ copying error ’ or environmental interactions .
Any change introduced into the structure of DNA by such causes results in a mutation .
There are a number of ways mutations can occur .
For example , numerous chemicals found in the environment such as — exposure to nuclear radiation , X–rays or ultraviolet light , and so on can all ‘ damage ’ DNA .
DNA can change if it is unfaithfully copied during the replication process .
We now know that DNA is damaged at a far higher rate than previously supposed .
Changes to DNA in humans occur at the rate of roughly 10,000 codons per cell per day .
Fortunately , most — but not all — of this damage is repaired as rapidly as it occurs .
If unrepaired alterations occur in a sperm or egg cell , the alteration will be faithfully passed on to offspring .
If it occurs in other cells , it might result in the production of the wrong protein , which could have disastrous effects on a living organism .
As a heuristic example , consider the sentence — … THEFATCATSAT …
There is no punctuation but each 3 consecutive letters are analogous to a codon in DNA and the properly transcribed and translated sentence would read — …
THE FAT CAT SAT … Now , suppose that absorption of an X - ray knocks out the 1st T so that the codon sequence becomes … HEFATCATSAT … and the decoded sentence , based on reading each triplet codon in sequence , would translate to —
… HEF ATC ATS AT . …
In other words , the resultant protein would be quite different from the one intended .
As an example in the real world , consider sickle - cell anemia , which kills 100,000 people per year .
It is caused by the change of an A to a T in just one codon of the gene for the manufacture of the hemoglobin molecule — changing the 6th codon from GAG to GTG , which codes for the hydrophobic amino acid valine instead of the hydrophilic glutamic acid .
This single mutation results in a disastrous change in the shape of the hemoglobin molecule ( Figure 12 ) .
The sickle cells are stiff and sticky , causing them to clump and ‘ jam up ’ in blood vessels creating blockages .
This is clearly an unfavorable mutation .
While many mutations do indeed have negative effects , such as the defect in a single codon that leads to sickle cell anemia , another sort of mutation can have major ( and sometimes positive ) effects .
Some regions of DNA contain control genes that determine when and where other genes are turned “ on . ”
Mutations in these control genes can substantially change the way different parts of an organism are put together .
The difference between a mutation to a control gene and a mutation to a less powerful gene is a bit like the difference between distracting one of the trumpet players in an orchestra versus distracting the orchestra's conductor ( Figure 13 ) .
The impact of changing the conductor 's behavior is much more profound than changing a few notes played by an individual orchestra member .
Similarly , a mutation in a control gene can cause a cascade of effects in the behavior of genes under its control .
For example , Hox genes , found in many animals ( including flies and humans ) , determine where the head goes and which regions of the body grow appendages .
Such master control genes help direct the building of body parts , such as segments , limbs , eyes , etc .
So producing an organism with a major change in its basic body layout may not be so unlikely — a simple mutation of a Hox gene can do it .
Most times the mutation is unfavorable and produces a new organism that is not long for this world ( Figure 14 ) and natural selection will see to it that progeny carrying this particular gene will not last long either .
Eventually , the Hox gene carrying this particular mutation will disappear from the ‘ gene pool ’ since it is being carried by organisms unfit to survive very long .
However , the genetic makeup of the resulting offspring might endow it with characteristics that make it ‘ more robust ’ , i.e. , better able to survive its environment .
If it is more robust , its survivability is enhanced and it more likely passes its genes on to its offspring .
For example , mutations in a Hox gene could lead to an entirely new phenotype ( body type ) that would be better adapted to its environment than its predecessors .
A mutation in a hox gene could cause eyes to be positioned more towards the front of an organism and away from the sides .
Ultimately such mutant members of an ocean - going species might slowly migrate to the land .
Such genes would tend to proliferate , while those that endow their ‘ carriers ’ with a lesser survivability out of water would tend to die away .
All living organisms are essentially ‘ bags of information ’ — they are vessels that carry molecular genes that have endowed them with high survival probability .
Its genes proliferate in the gene pool .
It is the gene that is the basic unit of information in DNA that drives the process of natural selection , and understanding how genes control the characteristics of all living organisms completes and extends the explanation of evolution given by Charles Darwin long before the basic mechanisms of genetics were understood .
Evolution , or ‘ survival of the fittest , ’ is a genetically driven process — the fittest simply carry the ‘ right genetic stuff .’!
Focus Box 1 Discovery of the Structure of DNA [ i ]
On the last day of February in 1953 , according to James Watson , Francis Crick announced to the patrons of the Eagle Pub in Cambridge ,
“ We have discovered the secret of life . ” [ ii ]
Brian Hayes , the author of “ The Invention of the Genetic Code ” states ,
“ If life ever had a secret , the double helix of DNA was surely it . ” [ iii ]
Francis Crick and James Watson gained fame for ‘ unraveling the double helix . ’
Maurice Wilkins played a role as well and together they all received the Nobel Prize in 1962 .
Yet there was one other person whose contribution to this discovery was truly essential and yet she could not be recognized by the Nobel Committee — she died in 1958 at the age of 37 from ovarian cancer and Nobel prizes are not awarded posthumously .
That person was Rosalind Franklin .
Crick and Watson stood on her shoulders as well as those of the many scientists whose hard work preceded them .
As previously mentioned , back in 1868 , the Swiss physician Fritz Miescher discovered quite by accident a substance in the nuclei of cells that he called nuclein while attempting to isolate the protein components of white blood cells .
Toward that end he had contacted a local surgical clinic and had them send him some pus-coated patient bandages , which he washed and filtered out the white blood cells .
He then extracted and identified the various proteins within the cells , but he came across a substance inside the cell nuclei that had chemical properties unlike any protein .
It contained a much higher phosphorous content , was acidic and was resistant to protein digestion by proteins .
Miescher realized that he had discovered a new substance .
" It seems probable to me that a whole family of such slightly varying phosphorous - containing substances will appear , as a group of nucleins , equivalent to proteins . "
These nucleins , because they were acidic and had been discovered within the nuclei of cells came to be known generally as nucleic acids .
More than 50 years passed before the significance of Miescher 's discovery of nucleic acids was widely appreciated by the scientific community .
That was a shame because the nucleic acid that Miescher had discovered was in fact deoxyribonucleic acid , or DNA !
In the twentieth century , a number of other scientists began investigating the chemical nature of nuclein .
The Russian biochemist , Phoebus Levene , based upon years of work using hydrolysis to break down and analyze nucleic acids in yeast was the first to discover that they were formed of a series of units that he called nucleotides .
Each nucleotide was composed of ( i ) one of four nitrogen - containing bases , ( ii ) a sugar molecule , and ( iii ) a phosphate group .
He also discovered that ( iv ) the sugar component of RNA was ribose , ( v ) the sugar component of DNA was deoxyribose and that ( vi ) the three major components of a nucleotide were linked together in the order phosphate - sugar - base .
He was correct about all this , but the “ tetranucleotide ” model he proposed for the structure of DNA , formulated around 1910 , was incorrect .
Levene hypothesized that DNA was made up repeating strings of identical tetranucleotides , each tetranucleotide consisting of only 4 individual nucleotides — the ones containing the four possible nitrogenous bases , guanine ( G ) , adenine ( A ) , cytosine ( C ) , and thymine ( T ) .
Thus , the DNA nucleotide sequence was always G , A , C , T , G , A , C , T … and so he declared that DNA could not store the genetic code because it was chemically far too simple .
Indeed , most scientists following Levene up though the 1940 ’s thought that proteins , which were far more complex than a linked chain of identical units , were the basis of heredity .
Consequently , most research on the nature of the gene focused on proteins , particularly enzymes and viruses . [ iv ]
It was not until 1943 that the first direct evidence emerged in support of DNA as the bearer of genetic information .
Oswald Avery , Colin MacLeod , and Maclyn McCarty of Rockefeller University in New York City discovered that DNA taken from a virulent ( think nasty ) strain of the bacterium Streptococcus pneumonae permanently transformed a non-virulent ( think nice ) form of the organism into a virulent form .
Avery and his colleagues concluded that it was the DNA from the virulent strain which carried the genetic message for virulence and that it became permanently incorporated into the DNA of the recipient non-virulent cells .
Although the scientific community was slow to adopt the idea that DNA was the carrier of genetic information ( they were still hung up on proteins ) , a subsequent experiment provided evidence that this was indeed the case .
In 1952 , Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase found that when the bacterial virus , bacteriophage T2 , infects an E .
Coli host cell , it is the DNA of the virus and not its protein coat , which enters the host cell and provides the genetic information for replication of the virus . [ v ]
Erwin Chargaff expanded on Levene 's work by uncovering additional details of the structure of DNA , thus further paving the way for Watson and Crick .
Chargaff , an Austrian biochemist , had read the famous 1944 paper by Oswald Avery and his colleagues , which demonstrated that hereditary units , or genes , are composed of DNA . [ vi ]
This paper inspired him to launch a research program on the chemistry of nucleic acids .
Of Avery 's work , Chargaff ( 1971 ) wrote the following :
“ This discovery , almost abruptly , appeared to foreshadow a chemistry of heredity and , moreover , made probable the nucleic acid character of the gene ...
Avery gave us the first text of a new language , or rather he showed us where to look for it .
I resolved to search for this text . ”
Chargaff discovered that the composition of nucleotides that make up DNA varies among species , in particular in the relative amounts of A , G , T , and C bases .
This evidence of molecular diversity made DNA a far more credible candidate for the carrier of genetic information than would be the case if it were merely a repetitive string of identical units as proposed by Levene .
Chargaff also discovered that DNA — no matter what organism or tissue type it comes from — maintains certain properties , even as its composition varies .
In particular , the amount of adenine ( A ) is approximately the same as that of thymine ( T ) and the amount of guanine ( G ) approximates that of cytosine ( C ) .
In other words , the total amount of purines ( A + G ) is nearly the same as the total amount of pyrimidines ( C + T ) in all DNA , regardless of their source .
For example , Chargaff determined that the four bases present in human DNA occur in the percentages : A=30.9 % and T=29.4 % ; G=19.9 % and C=19.8 % .
Thus , he concluded that [ A + G ] = [ T+C ] , which became known as Chargaff ’s rule .
This strongly hinted towards the base pairing ( A–T and C–G ) in the DNA molecule , although Chargaff did not explicitly state this connection himself .
Most researchers had previously assumed that deviations in DNA from equal base ratios G = A = C = T as in Levene ’s tetranucleotide model , were due to experimental error , but Chargaff proved unequivocally that the variation was real .
Chargaff met Francis Crick and James Watson at Cambridge in 1952 , and , despite not getting on well with them , explained his findings to them .
Chargaff 's research would later help Watson and Crick laboratory deduce the double helix model of DNA .
" So far as I could make out , they wanted , unencumbered by any knowledge of the chemistry involved , to fit DNA into a helix .
The main reason seemed to be Pauling 's alpha - helix model of a protein .... I told them all I knew .
If they had heard before about the pairing rules , they concealed it .
But as they did not seem to know much about anything , I was not unduly surprised .
I mentioned our early attempts to explain the complementarity relationships by the assumption that , in the nucleic acid chain , adenylic was always next to thymidylic acid and cytidylic next to guanylic acid .... I believe that the double - stranded model of DNA came about as a consequence of our conversation ; but such things are only susceptible of a later judgment .... "
Erwin Chargaff , American Philosophical Society oral history interview ( 1972 ) [ vii ]
Watson and Crick independently shared a conviction that DNA , not proteins , was the critical factor in passing on genetic information from generation to generation .
Watson moved from the United States of America to England in order to work with Crick at the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge .
Scientists at Cavendish had done no prior research on DNA at that time , so Watson and Crick used information gathered from others , as well as their own observations , in order to establish the structure .
Watson and Crick essentially relied upon three sources of knowledge in order to develop their model : ( i ) the helical structure found after numerous tests of X - ray scattering carried out by Rosalind Franklin , ( ii ) base composition restrictions determined by Chargaff and ( iii ) the knowledge available about the molecular structure of the four nucleotide base groups A , T , C and G .
Rosalind Franklin was analyzing DNA using the technique of x-ray crystallography in which a crystal is exposed to x-rays in order to produce a diffraction pattern that can be photographed .
If the crystal is pure enough and the diffraction pattern is acquired very carefully , it is possible to reconstruct the positions of the atoms in the molecules that comprise the basic unit cell of the crystal .
Scientists at Cavendish were figuring out how to do this for biological structures like DNA by the early 1950’s .
Based on a series of x-ray photographs that Franklin obtained , she concluded that the phosphate group lay on the outside of the DNA molecule , not the inside as previously thought , i.e. , that it was part of its backbone .
She also obtained the now infamous ‘ photograph 51 ’ that was direct evidence that the structure of DNA was a double stranded helix ( the fuzzy X in the middle of the picture is an x-ray diffraction signature of helical structure ) — not a triple helix as proposed by Linus Pauling , the Nobel - prize winning chemist from Cornell University who was hot on the heels of Watson and Crick in the effort to find the structure of DNA !
Although photograph 51 implied a double - stranded structure for DNA , its exact details and the way in which the strands were bonded together was hidden from the prying eyes of the x-ray crystallography study .
Maurice Wilkins , a peer of Franklin ’s who had also performed x-ray studies of DNA , obtained photograph 51 from Franklin ’s student , Raymond Gosling , and showed it ( without Franklin ’s permission ) to Watson who immediately recognized the significance of the " X " in photo - 51 — it meant that DNA was indeed a helix with 10 units per turn ( count the spots in the photo ) with 3.4 nanometers per turn .
Watson sketched a copy of the photo on a newspaper and showed it to Crick .
It all came together for them .
At this point , it is worth listing exactly what Crick and Watson knew —
1. DNA is made up of subunits which scientists called nucleotides .
2 . Each nucleotide is made up of a sugar , a phosphate and a base .
3 . There are 4 different bases in a DNA molecule :
adenine ( a purine )
cytosine ( a pyrimidine )
guanine ( a purine )
thymine ( a pyrimidine )
4 . The number of purine bases equals the number of pyrimidine bases
5 . The number of adenine bases equals the number of thymine bases
6 . The number of guanine bases equals the number of cytosine bases
7 . The basic structure of the DNA molecule is helical , with the bases being stacked on top of each other
Putting it all together they produced a model of the structure of DNA — it consisted of a 2 chain helical ‘ spine , ’ with antiparallel properties and the bases facing inward paired to hold the molecule together .
They were the first to recognize the most critical fact about DNA that made such a structure possible — they realized how the bases A and T and C and G adhered to one another : A—T , T—A , C—G , and G—C were the only permissible bonds !
These particular bonds were the only possible pairings that were of the same length — an absolute necessity if all the ‘ rungs ’ of the DNA ladder were to easily fit into the frame of the double helix .
This can be understood by noting that within the molecular structure of each base there is a small amount of negative electrical charge on those nitrogen and oxygen atoms not attached to a hydrogen atom , while a positive charge exists on those atoms that are attached to hydrogen .
Examining the base structure of one “ rung ” of the DNA “ ladder ” shows that adenine has a surplus negative charge , while thiamine has surplus positive charge .
This makes it possible for hydrogen bonds to form between the two nucleotides that hold them together .
Furthermore , one can see that three hydrogen bonds hold guanine and cytosine together , while adenine and thiamine are held together by two .
Therefore , the guanine–cytosine coupling is stronger than the adenine–thymine coupling and these pairings are the only ones possible .
In addition , adenine and guanine are purines and are larger than the pyramidines , thiamine and cytosine .
Thus , a purine must bond with a pyramidine in order to produce rungs of equal width .
This complex pattern of bonding meant that the DNA polynucleotide chain could be formed of almost any arrangement of base pairs that adhered to these pairing rules and therefore that their pattern could be almost as intricate in base composition and arrangement as the pattern of amino acids that made up the polypeptide chain of proteins .
This discovery opened the door to the realization that DNA was indeed capable of enough structural variety to serve as the molecule of heredity .
In a note to their seminal publication in Nature in 1953 , Watson and Crick listed several other implications of their model —
“ The phosphate - sugar backbone of our model is completely regular but any sequence of the pairs of bases can fit into the structure . . . it therefore seems likely that the precise sequence of the bases is the code which carries genetic information . ”
In addition , they noted that their model offers a particularly elegant solution to the problem of gene replication .
Replication can be carried out by ‘ unzipping ’ the antiparallel sides of DNA and refilling them using the old DNA as a template for precise synthesis of new genetic material .
Furthermore , it helps solve other problems — as stated by Watson and Crick in a second article , Genetical Implications of the Structure of Deoxyribonucleic Acid —
“ Our model suggests possible explanations for a number of other phenomena . . . spontaneous mutations may be due to a base occasionally occurring in one of its less likely tautomeric forms … ”
Discoveries pertaining to the structure DNA led to the advent of molecular biology .
It had long been argued where the genetic material lay within the cell , but due to the ability of Watson and Crick to piece together the available information and labor to find what was missing , the model they proposed made it apparent that the secret of the genetic inheritance resided in the base arrangements of the DNA molecule .
This revelation marked the beginning of what may be called the second era of molecular genetics .
Like all new discoveries , however , it does open up another ‘ Pandora ’s box ’— it offers unprecedented possibilities for manipulating the living cell and purposefully modifying heredity !
This will no doubt , for better or worse , exert an influence on humankind perhaps even more profound than that made possible by the discoveries of nuclear physics .
James Watson and Francis Crick did none of the experimental work nor all of the theoretical work that led to the discovery of the structure and function of deoxyribonucleic acid ; however , it was their intellectual creativity and ability to understand how all the available information fit together that allowed it to happen .
One must realize that without the X - ray crystallography techniques of Rosalind Franklin few would have assumed DNA exhibited a helical structure and without Chargaff ’s rule of proportions of purine and pyramidines the discovery of the base pairing rule might still lay hidden away .
Lots of good science is done by people who make sense of the work done by others .
Watson and Crick … have been criticized because they used so much experimental evidence laboriously gathered by those that came before ...
Their genius was that they could make sense of a huge amount of information , some of which appeared to conflict with others , and yet put together a view of the structure of DNA which was consistent with all the evidence .
It is now certain that DNA is the carrier of genetic information in all living cells .
Their model — the double helix — with its biological implications ranks as the greatest contribution to biology since the work of Darwin and Mendel , something that is obvious enough from the fact that the acronym DNA and the image of the double helix rank close to the top among all the icons of late twentieth - century culture .
[ 1 ] Watson , J. D. , & Crick , F. H. C. A structure for deoxyribose nucleic acid .
Nature 171 , 737–738 ( 1953 ) .
For a fascinating account of the discovery , read Watson , J. D. ( 1968 ) .
Gunther S. Stent. ed. The Double Helix : A Personal Account of the Discovery of the Structure of DNA .
W. W. Norton & Company , ISBN 0-393-95075-1 , ( Norton Critical Editions , 1981 ) .
[ 2 ] Definition of Google from wordnetweb.princeton.edu/perl/webwn
Noun — a widely used search engine that uses text - matching techniques to find web pages that are important and relevant to a user 's search .
Verb — search the internet ( for information ) using the Google search engine ; " He googled the woman he had met at the party . "
[ 3 ] Crick , F.H.C. , On Protein Synthesis , Symp. Soc. Exp. Biol .
XII , 139-163 ( 1958 ) .
Crick , F. , Central dogma of molecular biology , Nature 227 ( 5258 ) : 561–3 ( August 1970 ) .
http://www.nature.com/nature/focus/crick/pdf/crick227.pdf.
[ i ]
Much material in Focus Box Discovery of the Structure of DNA based on lecture found at http://campus.udayton.edu/~hume/DNA/DNA.htm
[ ii ] Watson , James D. The Double Helix , New York : Norton Critical Editions in the History of Ideas ( 1980 ) .
[ iii ]
Hayes , Brian .
The Invention of the Genetic Code , [ Online ] Available http://www.amsci.org/amsci/issues/Comsci98/compsci9801.html, 25 March 2001 .
[ iv ]
Pray , L. Discovery of DNA structure and function : Watson and Crick .
Nature Education 1( 1 ) ( 2008 ) .
[ v ]
For information about Avery and Hershey ’s work see for example http://www.accessexcellence.org/RC/AB/BC/Search_for_DNA.php
Lisa Black is a Sculptor , Jeweller and Artist based in Auckland , New Zealand , born in Australia in 1982 .
Her love of animals and their form , combined with a preoccupation with an imminent future where technology and biology are intimately combined , led her to create her ongoing series of modified animals .
Her works have been featured in Wired.com , BoingBoing.net , Notcot.org , Treehugger.com , Pilot Magazine , Marie Claire as well as a myriad of other prominent blogs and publications .
Her work is a reflection of our undeniable technological progression ; seeing animals with carefully integrated mechanical additions encourages us to reassess how we define " natural " .
By creating beauty within this supposed paradox , she challenges the concept of a world separated into the ' sacrosanct ' natural and ' vulgar ' industrial .
Watchdog alleges Louisiana Dem was bribed for earmark Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday January 8 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Update :
In what Crew sees as hedged denial , Landrieu calls allegation ' factually incorrect
An ethics watchdog has requested a criminal investigation in order to determine whether a Democratic senator was bribed when she received $ 30,000 in campaign contributions less that a week before delivering a $ 2 million federal earmark to the company whose employees and lobbyists donated the money .
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) today sent a complaint to the Department of Justice , the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District for Louisiana and the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Texas , asking for an investigation into whether Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) violated federal bribery law by including a $ 2 million earmark for Voyager Expanded Learning in a bill a mere four days after receiving $ 30,000 in campaign contributions from company executives and their relatives .
CREW also asked the Senate Ethics Committee to investigate the matter .
Landrieu 's relationship with Voyager was exposed by the Washington Post in December .
The Democratic senator has denied any connection between the donations and the earmark and says she did nothing wrong .
In a statement released Tuesday afternoon , Landrieu 's office said the Voyager funding was requested by DC public school officials months before the company 's founder and its lobbyists arranged a fundraiser for the Senator .
CREW notes that Voyager 's founder , Randy Best , is a Bush pioneer , and he decided to hire lobbyists to secure federal earmarks for his untested reading program , rather than sell it on the open market .
Landrieu has acknowledged meeting with Best and attending fundraisers he 's organized for her , but she says she supported his program purely on its merits .
 At the request of D.C. officials  many months before the sequence of events CREW and the Washington Post so erroneously mischaracterize  and based in part on the programs successful track record in Louisiana , Sen .
Landrieu secured voluntary funding to make Voyager available to D.C. schoolchildren .
Since then , reading scores have increased by 11 percent  from only 28 percent of children reading at or above the basic level , to 39 percent , according to the National Assessment of Educational Progress , " a spokesman for the senator said in a prepared statement .
 ( Best ) is a very impressive person , somebody I believe in , somebody that is doing some great work around the country .
This program is one of hundreds of other things that he does ,  Landrieu told WWLV TV .
 I do n't know the time frame of when that happened , but people come into my office all the time .
We either sometimes help them , sometimes do n't .
Sometimes they help us raise money , sometimes they do n't . 
Regardless of how closely Landrieu was watching her calendar , CREW notes that the timing of the donation and earmark were very suspicious .
" After the fundraiser , she received $ 30,000 in campaign contributions from individuals associated with the company -- donors who had never before contributed to her , " CREW says .
" Four days after she received the money , she inserted an earmark into a D.C. appropriations bill , giving D.C. schools $ 2 million to buy Bests reading program , which was unproven and had not been requested by the school system . "
Landrieu released documents that showed requests for additional reading programs , but CREW said she failed to address their central allegations .
 Sen . Landrieus response to CREWs Department of Justice and Ethics Committee complaints fails to address the key allegation : that she inserted an earmark in return for campaign contributions .
According to a document just provided by Sen. Landrieu , the District of Columbia apparently asked the senator on April 25 , 2001 to include an earmark for Voyager in the D.C. appropriations bill , " CREW executive director Melanie Sloan said in a release .
" Nevertheless , by September 24 , 2001 , when a House committee included a $ 1 million earmark for Voyager , the company still had not attracted a Senate sponsor .
Sen .
Landrieu has not explained why she didnt follow through on the Districts request until November 6 , 2001 , four days after Mr. Best and his associates contributed $ 30,000 to the senators campaign . 
The Post outlined the mutually beneficial connection between Best and President Bush 's education initiatives and Congressional earmarks .
When George W. Bush ran for governor of Texas in 1998 , Best and his fellow Voyager investors contributed more than $ 45,000 to his campaign , and they gave more than $ 20,000 to his running mate .
As Voyager grew , it hired several state education officials , including the Texas education commissioner under Bush .
When Bush ran for president , Best signed up to join the Pioneers , an elite group of " bundlers " who pledged to bring in $ 100,000 for Bush .
Best said he raised only about $ 10,000 .
As president , Bush appointed former Houston schools superintendent Roderick Paige to be secretary of education , and Paige launched Reading First , a $ 1 billion - a - year reading program .
To develop it , the Department of Education turned to some of the same researchers Best had hired to create Voyager 's program .
By that time , Best had hired a Washington lobbyist and was looking for a way to get pilot programs in some schools without going through the process of selling curricula district by district .
He signed up with the firm of former U.S. representative Bob Livingston , a Louisiana Republican and former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee .
Livingston began seeking " federal funding support for Voyager educational programs , " according to his lobbying disclosure form .
CREW says Landrieu violated federal bribery law and may also have violated the rules of the Senate because of the seeming quid - pro-quo between her earmark and Best 's donations .
 Senator Landrieu appears to have traded a $ 2 million earmark for $ 30,000 in campaign contributions .
It was a win -win situation for Best and Senator Landrieu , but a lose - lose for the taxpayers and D.C. school children .
CREW executive director Melanie Sloan said in a press release .
 The Department of Justice and the Senate Ethics Committee should look into this matter immediately .
Members of Congress need to understand that trading earmarks for campaign funds is illegal -- no exceptions . 
A hastily planned activist event by grassroots Kucinich supporters at NBC Studios , set to protest the candidate ’s sudden exclusion from the NBC ’s Las Vegas debates , turned into celebration when the tables turned , today .
Kucinich has been locked out of previous debates by both AARP and ABC .
But when NBC decided to follow suit , Uncle Sam finally put his foot down .
In an unexpected , but stunning , display of American justice and democracy , a Las Vegas judge ruled that Kucinich must be allowed to participate in the Tuesday night presidential debate in Las Vegas .
Kucinich supporters turned in their debate protest signs for “ Vote for Kucinich ” signs and “ Impeach ” banners , and carried on , sharing the sidewalk with writers ’ strikers , and eliciting shouts and honks of approval from passing cars .
Several activists held Kucinich signs stating , “ Give me your vote , and I ’ll give you back your country . ”
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
So far , we have seen how to create Buttons and violaters using Gimp .
Now let us see how to create Logos using the reflection trick .
Reflections or wet surfaces have been used in many ' Web 2.0 ' Logos .
I used this technique to create my OpenJS.com logo .
This is very easy to do - once you get the idea .
Create a image with height 100px and Width 200 px with white background .
Using the Text tool , write the text of the logo with a reasonably big font size ( we are web 2.0 , are n't we ? ) .
Now you should have this ...
Go to the layers panel ( Ctrl+L ) and duplicate the layer ( ) with the text of our logo ...
Using the flip tool ( ) vertically flip the new layer and position it under the old layer using the Move tool .
Now we should have something like ...
In the layers panel , right click the flipped layer and select ' Add Layer Mask ' and select ' White ( Full opacity ) ' .
You should see something like this in the layers panel ...
Make sure that the flipped layer 's mask is selected - and choose the Gradient Tool ( ) .
Make sure the selected colors are Black and white ...
Now create a gradient like this in the flipped layer 's mask ...
If done correctly , the layer panel will look like this ...
And the result will be like this ...
You can tweak this image to get the perfect logo .
I removed some unwanted stuff , and made the reflection layer a bit more transparent .
Get the XCF
File for this tutorial to see the result .
[ Congressional Record : November 3 , 2005 ( House ) ] [ Page H9566 - H9568 ] QUESTION OF PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Ms. PELOSI .
Mr. Speaker , because the Republican - led Congress has not conducted any investigations of abuses by the Republican administration 's decision to go to war in Iraq , and because the over 2,000 American soldiers have lost their lives and more than 15,000 have been wounded , therefore , pursuant to rule IX , I rise in regard to a question of privileges of the House , and I offer a privileged resolution .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The Clerk will report the resolution .
The Clerk read the resolution , as follows : Privileged Resolution on Iraq
Whereas the war in Iraq has resulted in the loss of over 2,000 American lives and more than 15,000 wounded soldiers , and has cost the American people $ 190 billion dollars ;
Whereas the basis for going to war was Iraq 's alleged possession of weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) and the President made a series of misleading statements regarding threats posed by Iraq , but no weapons of mass destruction have been found ;
Whereas the Republican Leadership and Committee Chairmen have repeatedly denied requests by Democratic Members to complete an investigation of pre-war intelligence on Iraq and have ignored the question of whether that intelligence was manipulated for political purposes ;
Whereas the Vice President 's Chief of Staff Lewis Libby has been indicted on five counts of perjury , obstruction of justice , and making false statements in connection with the disclosure of the identity of a CIA operative , and that disclosure was part of a pattern of Administration efforts to discredit critics of the Iraq war ;
Whereas four separate requests to hold hearings on the disclosure of the CIA operative were denied in the Government Reform Committee , and Resolutions of Inquiry were rejected in the Intelligence , Judiciary , Armed Services , and International Relations Committees ;
Whereas the American people have spent $ 20.9 billion dollars to rebuild Iraq with much of the money squandered on no-bid contracts for Halliburton and other favored contractors ;
Whereas Halliburton received a sole - source contract worth $ 7 billion to implement the restoration of Iraq 's oil infrastructure , and a senior Army Corps of Engineers official wrote that the sole - source contract was ``coordinated with the Vice President 's office ' ' ;
Whereas despite these revelations , on July 22 , 2004 the Republican controlled Government Reform Committee voted to reject a subpoena by Democratic Members appropriately seeking information on communications of the Vice President 's office on awarding contracts to Halliburton ;
Whereas prisoner abuses at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq , Guantanamo , and Afghanistan have seriously damaged the reputation of the United States , and increased the danger to U.S. personnel serving in Iraq and abroad ;
Whereas the Republican Leadership and Committee Chairmen have denied requests for hearings , defeated resolutions of inquiry for information , and failed to aggressively pursue serious allegations , including how far up the chain of command the responsibility lies for the treatment of detainees ;
Whereas the oversight of decisions and actions of other branches of government is an established and fundamental responsibility of Congress ;
Whereas the Republican Leadership and the Chairmen of the committees of jurisdiction have failed to undertake meaningful , substantive investigations of any of the abuses pertaining to the Iraq war , including the manipulation of pre-war intelligence , the public release of a covert operative 's name , the role of the Vice President in Iraqi reconstruction , and the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal :
Therefore be it Resolved , That the House calls upon the Republican Leadership and Chairmen of the committees of jurisdiction to comply with their oversight responsibilities , demands they conduct a thorough investigation of abuses relating to the Iraq War , and condemns their refusal to conduct oversight of an Executive Branch controlled by the same party , which is in contradiction to the established rules of standing committees and Congressional precedent .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
Does the minority leader wish to offer argument on the parliamentary question whether the resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House ?
Ms. PELOSI .
Yes , I do , Mr. Speaker .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The gentlewoman from California ( Ms. Pelosi ) is recognized .
Ms. PELOSI .
Mr. Speaker , I do not hear an objection to my motion .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The gentlewoman is recognized to offer argument on whether the resolution is privileged .
Ms. PELOSI .
Mr. Speaker , I will reiterate some of what I said in the motion to instruct .
For the past 2\1/ 2 \ years since our country has gone to war , we have paid a big price for a bad policy based on faulty intelligence which was wrong , based on a false premise without proper planning and putting our young people at risk .
In that period of time , that 2\1/2 \ years , over 2,000 Americans have lost their lives .
Every single one of them is precious to us , but , as the toll mounts , the grief does as well .
Over 15,000 of our young people have lost their limbs , 15,000 have been injured , many of them permanently , many with loss of limb and sight , at a cost of over $ 250 billion , a quarter of a trillion dollars , to the taxpayer and just endless cost to our reputation in the world .
I think it begs the question , are we safer in America because of this war ?
What is this war doing to the preparedness of our troops ?
I think that the answer to both of those is negative , and I think it calls for an examination of what the intelligence was to get us there in the first place .
Was it manipulated ?
Why was there no plan for us to go into Iraq , a post - war plan for after the fall of Iraq , as well as an exit strategy ?
The American people love freedom for ourselves and for people throughout the world , but we have to examine what the cost of this war is and why even the Republican Department of Defense has said ---- Mr. YOUNG of Alaska .
Mr. Speaker , regular order .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The Chair must ask the distinguished minority leader to confine her comments to the rule IX question .
Ms. PELOSI .
Mr. Speaker , I thought there was no objection and that we were just speaking on the resolution .
Is that a mistake ?
My impression from what you said when you yielded to me was that there was no objection , and did I wish to speak on the motion .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The minority leader was recognized on the question of whether or not her resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House .
Ms. PELOSI .
Mr. Speaker , then I will just conclude by saying , can the Chair please explain why it is not in order to discuss on the floor of this House , of this great democratic institution , a situation where our young people are in harm 's way , the death toll mounts , the injuries mount , the cost to the taxpayer mounts , the cost to our reputation mounts , and we have a cover - up Congress that will not investigate , will not ask any questions about the intelligence which was wrong , which got us into war in the first place and the lack of a plan providing for our troops , what they need to serve and to come home safely and soon ?
Why is that not in order on the floor of the House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The question is not whether such a debate is in order but whether the resolution is a question of privilege .
Under rule IX , questions of the privileges of the House are those ``affecting the rights of the House collectively , its safety , its dignity [ or ] the integrity of its proceedings . ''
A question of the privileges of the House may not be invoked to effect an interpretation of the [ [ Page H9567 ] ] rules of the House , or to prescribe an order of business for the House , or to establish a norm for the conduct of business by the House or its committees .
In some circumstances , the manner in which business is conducted might properly be arraigned by a question of the privileges of the House .
But the Chair must maintain a distinction between , for example , an allegation of willful malfeasance by a Member , officer , employee , or committee of the House , on one hand , and an allegation that a Member , officer , employee , or committee of the House failed to follow a course of action that the proponent of the resolution or others consider advisable .
As Speaker pro tempore Cox noted in the decision of September 20 , 1888 ( which is recorded in Hinds ' Precedents at volume 3 , section 2601 ) , there need be an allegation of , at least , impropriety .
{time} 1130
The Chair must hold that the resolution offered by the distinguished minority leader does not affect the rights of the House collectively , its safety , its dignity , or the integrity of its proceedings within the meaning of rule IX .
As such , the resolution does not constitute a question of privilege .
Mr. OBEY .
Mr. Speaker , I must confess I am confused about where we are at this point .
I thought I heard the Speaker ---- The SPEAKER pro tempore ( Mr. Gingrey ) .
The gentleman is not recognized for debate .
Ms. PELOSI .
Mr. Speaker , is it not appropriate for a Member to speak on a point of order ?
Is it not appropriate for the gentleman from Wisconsin to be able to speak on a point of order that was lodged by the other side ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The Chair has ruled .
The question of order has already been disposed of .
Parliamentary Inquiry Mr. OBEY .
Mr. Speaker , parliamentary inquiry .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The gentleman may state his inquiry .
Mr. OBEY .
Mr. Speaker , I thought I just heard you indicate that for the motion to be in order one of the questions that might have to be present was the question of the dignity of the House .
When we are told that $ 100 million of taxpayers ' money has been slipped into an appropriation bill for an illegal purpose , is that not , in fact , a challenge to the dignity of the House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
That is not an appropriate parliamentary inquiry at this stage .
Ms. PELOSI .
Mr. Speaker , I think it brings shame to the House for this Congress to be engaged in a cover - up when it comes to reviewing what is happening in Iraq , and I appeal the ruling of the Chair .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The question is , shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House .
Motion to Table Offered by Mr. Walsh Mr. WALSH .
Mr. Speaker , I move to lay the appeal on the table .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
The question is on the motion that the appeal be laid on the table .
The question was taken ; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it .
Ms. PELOSI .
Mr. Speaker , on that I demand the yeas and nays .
The yeas and nays were ordered .
The SPEAKER pro tempore .
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX , this 15 - minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5 - minute vote on adoption of House Resolution 527 .
The vote was taken by electronic device , and there were -- yeas 220 , nays 191 , not voting 22 , as follows : [ Roll No. 562 ]
YEAS -- 220 Aderholt Akin Alexander Bachus Baker Barrett ( SC ) Bartlett ( MD ) Barton ( TX ) Bass Beauprez Biggert Bilirakis Blackburn Blunt Boehlert Boehner Bonilla Bonner Bono Boozman Boustany Bradley ( NH ) Brady ( TX ) Brown ( SC ) Burgess Burton ( IN ) Buyer Calvert Camp Cannon Cantor Capito Carter Castle Chocola Coble Cole ( OK ) Conaway Crenshaw Cubin Culberson Cunningham Davis ( KY ) Davis , Jo Ann Davis , Tom Deal ( GA ) DeLay Dent Diaz - Balart , L. Diaz - Balart , M. Doolittle Drake Dreier Duncan Ehlers Emerson English ( PA ) Everett Feeney Ferguson Fitzpatrick ( PA ) Flake Foley Forbes Fortenberry Fossella Foxx Franks ( AZ ) Frelinghuysen Gallegly Garrett ( NJ ) Gerlach Gibbons Gilchrest Gillmor Gingrey Gohmert Goode Goodlatte Granger Graves Green ( WI ) Gutknecht Harris Hart Hastings ( WA ) Hayes Hayworth Hefley Hensarling Herger Hobson Hoekstra Hostettler Hulshof Hunter Hyde Inglis ( SC ) Issa Jenkins Jindal Johnson ( CT ) Johnson ( IL ) Johnson , Sam Jones ( NC ) Keller Kelly Kennedy ( MN ) King ( IA ) Kingston Kirk Kline Knollenberg Kolbe Kuhl ( NY ) LaHood Latham LaTourette Leach Lewis ( CA ) Lewis ( KY ) Linder LoBiondo Lucas Lungren , Daniel E. Mack Manzullo Marchant Marshall McCaul ( TX ) McCotter McCrery McHenry McHugh McKeon Mica Miller ( FL ) Miller ( MI ) Miller , Gary Moran ( KS ) Murphy Musgrave Myrick Neugebauer Ney Northup Nunes Nussle Osborne Otter Oxley Paul Pearce Pence Peterson ( PA ) Petri Pickering Pitts Platts Poe Porter Price ( GA ) Pryce ( OH ) Putnam Radanovich Ramstad Regula Rehberg Reichert Renzi Reynolds Rogers ( AL ) Rogers ( KY ) Rogers ( MI ) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Royce Ryan ( WI ) Ryun ( KS ) Saxton Schmidt Schwarz ( MI ) Sensenbrenner Sessions Shadegg Shaw Shays Sherwood Shimkus Shuster Simmons Simpson Smith ( NJ ) Smith ( TX ) Sodrel Souder Stearns Sullivan Sweeney Tancredo Taylor ( NC ) Terry Thomas Thornberry Tiberi Turner Upton Walden ( OR ) Walsh Wamp Weldon ( FL ) Weller Westmoreland Whitfield Wicker Wilson ( NM ) Wilson ( SC ) Wolf Young ( AK ) Young ( FL ) NAYS -- 191 Abercrombie Ackerman Allen Andrews Baca Baird Baldwin Barrow Bean Becerra Berkley Berman Berry Bishop ( GA ) Bishop ( NY ) Blumenauer Boren Boucher Brown ( OH ) Brown , Corrine Capps Capuano Cardin Cardoza Carnahan Carson Case Chandler Clay Cleaver Clyburn Conyers Cooper Costa Costello Cramer Crowley Cuellar Davis ( AL ) Davis ( CA ) Davis ( IL ) Davis ( TN ) DeFazio DeGette Delahunt DeLauro Dicks Dingell Doggett Doyle Edwards Emanuel Engel Eshoo Etheridge Evans Farr Fattah Filner Ford Frank ( MA ) Gonzalez Gordon Green , Al Green , Gene Grijalva Gutierrez Harman Herseth Higgins Hinchey Hinojosa Holden Holt Honda Hooley Hoyer Inslee Israel Jackson ( IL ) Jackson - Lee ( TX ) Jefferson Johnson , E. B. Jones ( OH ) Kanjorski Kaptur Kennedy ( RI ) Kildee Kilpatrick ( MI ) Kind Kucinich Langevin Lantos Larsen ( WA ) Larson ( CT ) Lee Levin Lewis ( GA ) Lipinski Lofgren , Zoe Lowey Lynch Maloney Markey Matheson Matsui McCarthy McCollum ( MN ) McDermott McGovern McIntyre McKinney McNulty Meehan Meek ( FL ) Meeks ( NY ) Melancon Menendez Michaud Millender - McDonald Miller ( NC ) Miller, George Mollohan Moore ( KS ) Moore ( WI ) Moran ( VA ) Murtha Nadler Napolitano Neal ( MA ) Oberstar Obey Olver Ortiz Owens Pallone Pascrell Pastor Payne Pelosi Peterson ( MN ) Pomeroy Price ( NC ) Rahall Rangel Reyes Ross Rothman Ruppersberger Rush Ryan ( OH ) Sabo Salazar Sanchez , Linda T. Sanchez , Loretta Sanders Schakowsky Schwartz ( PA ) Scott ( GA ) Scott ( VA ) Sherman Skelton Slaughter Smith ( WA ) Snyder Solis Spratt Stark Strickland Stupak Tanner Tauscher Taylor ( MS ) Thompson ( CA ) Thompson ( MS ) Tierney Udall ( CO ) Udall ( NM ) Van Hollen Velazquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters Watson Watt Waxman Weiner Wexler Woolsey Wu Wynn NOT VOTING -- 22 Bishop ( UT ) Boswell Boyd Brady ( PA ) Brown - Waite , Ginny Butterfield Chabot Cummings Davis ( FL ) Hall Hastings ( FL ) Istook King ( NY ) McMorris Norwood Pombo Roybal - Allard Schiff Serrano Tiahrt Towns Weldon ( PA ) {time} 1158 Mr. HIGGINS , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. DAVIS of Tennessee , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Messrs .
GORDON , GENE GREEN of Texas , ABERCROMBIE , PASTOR , HIGGINS , and RUSH changed their vote from ``yea '' to ``nay . ''
Messrs .
McHENRY , PENCE , SOUDER , and Mrs. BLACKBURN changed their vote from ``nay '' to ``yea . ''
So the motion to table was agreed to .
[ [ Page H9568 ] ]
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded .
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table .
____________________
Updated at 1:22 a.m. EST , Feb. 18 , 2008
The U.S. Army noted that attacks on Coalition troops and Iraqi security forces dropped significantly over the last year ; however , two American soldiers were killed and another was wounded during a small arms attack in Diyala province this morning .
Elsewhere , at least 24 Iraqis were killed and another 22 were wounded in the latest round of violence .
In Baghdad , a female suicide bomber killed three people and wounded 12 others at a marketplace in Karrada .
In Qahira , a car bomb killed two people and wounded two others .
Three dumped bodies were recovered .
Also , the Diyala Bridge reopened a year after a truck bomb destroyed it .
A remotely detonated car bomb killed a policeman and two civilians in Mosul ; two people were also wounded .
A mortar attack left six people with injuries .
Also , 13 al - Qaeda suspects were captured .
In Baquba , a 17 - year - old girl was gunned down in a drive - by shooting .
Gunmen stormed a home in Duluiya and killed a female resident .
An Awakening Council member was killed during a bomb blast in Baiji .
Another bomb killed three other people as well .
Near Ramadi , U.S. forces killed a civilian , who was acting suspiciously .
Security operations are underway in Khalis , but no casualties have so far been reported .
Iraqi forces killed one suspect and arrested 55 others across Iraq .
U.S. forces arrested four policemen in Alam .
Two suspects were killed near Samarra during Coalition operations .
Seven suspects were detained near Kirkuk .
U.S. forces killed a suspect in Shurqat and detained 23 more during security operations there .
In Suwayra , U.S. forces killed a suspect .
Five Iranians were arrested for illegal entry into Iraq near the town of Fao .
U.S. forces released 300 detainees last week .
The Baghdad Central Court condemned 170 prisoners for various offences .
Also , the Anbar Awakening Council asked the Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party ( IIP ) to leave Anbar province because they believe the IIP to be seeking a religious state .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
Copyrighted Image ?
DMCA
The Wall Street Journal ( WSJ ) recently reported that Hillary Clinton may owe her Texas primary win on March 4 to Rush Limbaugh 's efforts at undermining the Democratic Party and spoiling its chances of winning in November by encouraging his Republican listeners to switch parties for a day and vote for Clinton .
As WSJ notes , Clinton won a notably higher number of Republican crossover votes in Texas than she has in past open primary contests , possibly owing to that crucial endorsement from the pill - popping porker ; and a Texas election official told WSJ that 70 of 181 voters she dealt with identified themselves as " Rush Limbaugh voters " after Limbaugh instructed his Republican listeners to cross over and vote for Clinton so as to sabotage the Democratic primary race .
" I 'm here to vote for Hillary Clinton , " one Republican crossover voter told the official , " I want to see the Democratic Party implode . "
With their own nomination race settled , it seems some Republicans have found themselves with little to keep themselves occupied other than to to go and make mischief for the other party .
Since the WSJ report others such as Wonkoblog have examined evidence that , while inconclusive , does suggest that the " Limbaugh effect " may have helped Clinton in Texas as well as in Ohio on March 4 .
Indeed , as Barack Obama has won endorsements from prominent Democrats and newspaper editorial boards across the United States on a daily basis , most recent Clinton endorsements have come not from Democrats but from Republicans wishing to do the Democrats harm :
Shortly before the Texas and Ohio primaries right - wing Cincinnati radio talk - show host Bill Cunningham endorsed Clinton after growing angry at John McCain for repudiating earlier prejudicial comments made by Cunningham against Obama ; and columnist Ann Coulter recently said that if McCain received the Republican nomination she would vote for Clinton in the general election .
Why not Obama ?
Because while right - wing swine like Limbaugh , Cunningham , and Coulter may hate Hillary Clinton , they fear Barack Obama .
They fear Obama because they do n't know how they will deal with him in the general election race if he is the Democratic nominee .
They fear him because most polls now show him to be the favorite Democrat to beat McCain in November .
They fear him because he threatens to take the country in a new direction that will leave them behind and make them irrelevant .
Limbaugh and others like him are a product of the Clinton era , which as we know was also the Gingrich era .
They know Bill and Hillary Clinton , and they thrive in the very atmosphere of divisiveness and cynicism for which the Clinton era is best - known .
Deprived of a Republican candidate whom they consider a " real conservative , " Limbaugh & Co. would probably be as happy with Hillary Clinton in the White House as with John McCain .
Anyone looking for a good reason NOT to vote for Hillary Clinton in the upcoming Democratic primaries need look no further her new best friend .
" You may not care about politics but politics cares about you . " is an old saying that also applies to social media and the Web .
Even if you are a small business , social media users are increasingly likely to talk about your business online .
More and more , users are conversing on sites like Facebook , LinkedIn and others about products and services .
Although you can ignore these conversations , there 's one inherent risk with this :
Your online reputation can have a significant impact on your offline business relationships .
What makes this particularly troubling is that social media sites , blogs and forums can often rank well in Google -- perhaps even higher than your own website .
Imagine a prospective customer searching on Google for your company or product and landing on a discussion of your business online .
An important conversation that impacts your business .
One that you 'd likely want to at least participate in .
Now you might argue that you do n't need to worry about this as nobody would write about your business in a blog , discussion forum or social news site .
Why would anybody talk online about a biotech patent attorney or a niche - market enterprise software company ?
Most small businesses are not important enough to be referenced in social popular , mainstream social media sites .
But it 's not only about Digg or top - ranking blogs .
There are many social media sites that are based on on User Generated Content ( UGC ) -- their goal is to attract discussion and debate on a specific topic or industry .
Consider popular sites like :
Bizrate and other so called shopping search engines , the let users rate products and shops
and other so called shopping search engines , the let users rate products and shops Tripadvisor and similar let users rate hotels , restaurants and local businesses
and similar let users rate hotels , restaurants and local businesses Wikipedia has entries for most companies , international corporations entries always have a " criticism " part
All of these sites are featured very prominently in Google search results for related search terms .
Shopping search engines rank well for product results where users review them .
Tripadvisor reviews are used to determine the importance of a hotel and it's position in local search results which appear above the other Google search results .
The more reviews , the better .
Wikipedia ranks in the Google top 10 for almost any query so it is very likely that the Wikipedia entry will be found near or even above your company website .
You have to monitor these sites depending on what your business focuses on .
This is of course only the tip of the iceberg .
You can't control all the websites out there but there are little helpers and some professional solutions too .
To start out use
Technorati tracks weblogs for the terms relevant to you , Google will notify you when instances of your keywords appear on Google results but also Google News or Google Blogsearch .
If you want more check out these services as well as this larger list that includes also other tools for reputation management beyond monitoring .
Monitoring your online reputation is of course not enough , you at least need to manage it .
Managing online reputation means :
Monitoring search results and social media for mentions of your company or product
Timely ( and appropriate ) reaction to criticisms and issues
Publishing your own take on your company via different media like blogs , press releases , UGC sites
You should resist the strong temptation to automatically defend your company online when you receive criticism .
If you do respond with truthful and objective information , you should make clear your affiliation with the company .
Most small businesses struggle with managing their online reputation .
When they notice their brand being under fire they often resort to tactics of subduing the original messages .
These methods in most cases backfire !
Do not try to squash the conversation .
Trying to sweep things under the run is not an effective way to manage your online reputation .
The issues will reappear again and again .
If you want to read more about reputation management try this free guide from 2006 .
Note :
This article was written primarily by a freelance writer who is an internet marketing and social media consultant .
It happened at a government dinner party in the Belfast Europa Hotel in 1978 .
As the 20 - or - so guests stopped their conversations to listen , Roberts described our private phone exchange in embarrassing detail .
I had been the Guardian 's Northern Ireland correspondent for two years and Terry , my boyfriend of 18 months , was a teacher in London .
We were about to get married and there was tension in the air .
Our row had started about trivia - whether he or I had left the freezer unplugged last time I was in London - but moved on to an angry debate about how long I would continue to work in Belfast .
It was a disagreement any couple would recognise , but certainly not something anyone would want aired at a working dinner with strangers .
Thirty years on I am still outraged .
Roberts , who died a decade ago , was a hard - drinking former journalist in his 50s , who was also a colonel in the part - time Ulster Defence Regiment .
He had been drinking whiskey all day .
Another press officer , Fred Corbett , said he wanted me to sit by Roberts since " you might be able to persuade him to eat something " .
Roberts , glass in hand , refused to eat .
He talked about the UDR .
Then he leaned towards me .
" That boyfriend of yours does n't like you being here , " he said .
It felt like a tape had started playing in my head .
I knew I had n't described that conversation to anyone , and there was only one way Roberts could have known .
" Where did you hear that ? " I asked , seeing Corbett turn ashen .
" On the tapes , " Roberts replied aggressively .
" The secretary of state and I were listening to the tapes ! "
He went on to berate me for being too pro-Republican and claimed that drastic measures to get rid of me had been considered , including planting bullets in my handbag to perhaps get me prosecuted .
All journalists working in Belfast were aware that our phones were almost certainly tapped .
I also knew that phone - tapping was legal only if it had been authorised by the secretary of state and that phone taps could not be used to gather personal information , but only when security breaches or criminal activity was suspected .
And I had heard the repeated Northern Ireland Office denials that tapping was used on journalists or politicians .
But being aware was no preparation for the shock I felt when Roberts started talking .
To this day I remain cautious on the phone - and I have always felt sceptical whenever government ministers pipe up to protest their innocence in bugging scandals .
Building at Givat Zeev has been stalled for several years
The project was first signed off in 1999 , but stopped two years later after Palestinian labourers refused to go on .
Israel 's housing minister said the construction at Givat Zeev would address " the demographic needs of Jerusalem " .
But the decision provoked an angry reaction from Palestinian leaders .
For the Palestinians there are few issues as contentious as the building of Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank , says the BBC's Crispin Thorold in Jerusalem .
Under the terms of the peace process settlement expansion is supposed to be frozen .
Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said the latest decision raised doubts about Israel 's commitment to peace talks .
" It seems to me the Israelis are determined to put a stick in the wheel of negotiations , " he said .
" It will undermine the US effort to revive the negotiations . "
Mr Olmert 's spokesman , Mark Regev said it was not a new decision .
" This decision predates this government , " he said .
" We have approved it .
It is consistent with our policy of building within the large settlement blocs , which will remain in Israel in any final - status agreement , " he added .
Israel Radio said the decision to restart the development was pushed by the ultra-Orthodox Shas party , which had threatened to quit the government coalition unless the construction was approved .
The decision comes three days after a Palestinian gunman opened fire in the library of a Jewish seminary in Jerusalem , killing eight young people .
The college was closely linked to the settler movement .
Israel has occupied the West Bank since 1967 , settling about 400,000 Jews in the area , including East Jerusalem .
Settlements are considered illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Once upon a time , back when America had a strong middle class , it also had a strong union movement .
These two facts were connected .
Unions negotiated good wages and benefits for their workers , gains that often ended up being matched even by nonunion employers .
They also provided an important counterbalance to the political influence of corporations and the economic elite .
Today , however , the American union movement is a shadow of its former self , except among government workers .
In 1973 , almost a quarter of private - sector employees were union members , but last year the figure was down to a mere 7.4 percent .
Yet unions still matter politically .
And right now they ’re at the heart of a nasty political scuffle among Democrats .
Before I get to that , however , let ’s talk about what happened to American labor over the last 35 years .
It ’s often assumed that the U.S. labor movement died a natural death , that it was made obsolete by globalization and technological change .
But what really happened is that beginning in the 1970s , corporate America , which had previously had a largely cooperative relationship with unions , in effect declared war on organized labor .
Clinton 's campaign rests increasingly on a game of make - believe .
Story behind the story : The Clinton myth
One big fact has largely been lost in the recent coverage of the Democratic presidential race : Hillary Rodham Clinton has virtually no chance of winning .
Her own campaign acknowledges there is no way that she will finish ahead in pledged delegates .
That means the only way she wins is if Democratic superdelegates are ready to risk a backlash of historic proportions from the party ’s most reliable constituency .
Advertisement
Unless Clinton is able to at least win the primary popular vote — which also would take nothing less than an electoral miracle — and use that achievement to pressure superdelegates , she has only one scenario for victory .
An African - American opponent and his backers would be told that , even though he won the contest with voters , the prize is going to someone else .
People who think that scenario is even remotely likely are living on another planet .
As it happens , many people inside Clinton ’s campaign live right here on Earth .
One important Clinton adviser estimated to Politico privately that she has no more than a 10 percent chance of winning her race against Barack Obama , an appraisal that was echoed by other operatives .
In other words :
The notion of the Democratic contest being a dramatic cliffhanger is a game of make - believe .
The real question is why so many people are playing .
The answer has more to do with media psychology than with practical politics .
Journalists have become partners with the Clinton campaign in pretending that the contest is closer than it really is .
Most coverage breathlessly portrays the race as a down - to - the - wire sprint between two well - matched candidates , one only slightly better situated than the other to win in August at the national convention in Denver .
One reason is fear of embarrassment .
In its zeal to avoid predictive reporting of the sort that embarrassed journalists in New Hampshire , the media — including Politico — have tended to avoid zeroing in on the tough math Clinton faces .
Avoiding predictions based on polls even before voters cast their ballots is wise policy .
But that 's not the same as drawing sober and well - grounded conclusions about the current state of a race after millions of voters have registered their preferences .
The antidote to last winter 's flawed predictions is not to promote a misleading narrative based on the desired but unlikely story line of one candidate .
There are other forces also working to preserve the notion of a contest that is still up for grabs .
One important , if subliminal , reason is self - interest .
Reporters and editors love a close race — it ’s more fun and it ’s good for business .
The media are also enamored of the almost mystical ability of the Clintons to work their way out of tight jams , as they have done for 16 years at the national level .
That explains why some reporters are inclined to believe the Clinton campaign when it talks about how she ’s going to win on the third ballot at the Democratic National Convention in August .
That ’s certainly possible — and , to be clear , we ’d love to see the race last that long — but it ’s folly to write about this as if it is likely .
It ’s also hard to overstate the role the talented Clinton camp plays in shaping the campaign narrative , first by subtly lowering the bar for the performance necessary to remain in the race , and then by keeping the focus on Obama ’s relationships with a political fixer and a controversial pastor in Illinois .
But even some of Clinton ’s own advisers now concede that she cannot win unless Obama is hit by a political meteor .
Something that merely undermines him wo n't be enough .
It would have to be some development that essentially disqualifies him .
Simple number - crunching has shown the long odds against Clinton for some time .
In the latest Associated Press delegate count , Obama leads with 1,406 pledged delegates to Clinton ’s 1,249 .
Obama ’s lead is likely to grow , as it did with county conventions last weekend in Iowa , as later rounds of delegates are apportioned from caucuses he has already won .
The Democratic Party has 794 superdelegates , the party insiders who get to vote on the nomination in addition to the delegates chosen by voters .
According to Politico's latest tally , Clinton has 250 and Obama has 212 .
That means 261 are uncommitted , and 71 have yet to be named .
An analysis by Politico 's Avi Zenilman shows that Clinton ’s lead in superdelegates has shrunk by about 60 in the past month .
And it found Clinton is roughly tied among House members , senators and governors — the party ’s most powerful elite .
Clinton had not announced a new superdelegate commitment since the March 4 primaries , until the drought was broken recently by Rep. John P. Murtha ( D - Pa. ) and West Virginia committeeman Pat Maroney .
Clintonistas continue to talk tough .
Phil Singer , the Clinton campaign ’s deputy communications director , told reporters on a conference call Friday that the Obama campaign “ is in hot water ” and is “ seeing the ground shift away from them . ”
Mark Penn , the campaign ’s chief strategist , maintained that it ’s still “ a hard - fought race between two potential nominees ” and that other factors could come into play at the convention besides the latest delegate tally — “ the popular vote , who will have won more delegates from primaries [ as opposed to caucuses ] , who will be the stronger candidate against McCain . ”
But let ’s assume a best - case scenario for Clinton , one where she wins every remaining contest with 60 percent of the vote ( an unlikely outcome since she has hit that level in only three states so far — her home state of New York , Rhode Island and Arkansas ) .
Even then , she would still be behind Obama in delegates .
There are 566 pledged delegates up for grabs in upcoming contests .
Those delegates come from Pennsylvania ( 158 ) , Guam ( 4 ) North Carolina ( 115 ) , Indiana ( 72 ) , West Virginia ( 28 ) , Kentucky ( 51 ) , Oregon ( 52 ) , Puerto Rico ( 55 ) , Montana ( 16 ) and South Dakota ( 15 ) .
If Clinton won 60 percent of those delegates , she would get 340 delegates to Obama 's 226 .
Under that scenario — and without revotes in Michigan and Florida — Obama would still lead in delegates by 1,632 to 1,589 .
The only remote possibility of a win in delegates would come if revotes were held in Florida and Michigan — which , again , would take a political miracle .
If Clinton won 60 percent of the delegates in both states , she would win 188 delegates and Obama would win 125 .
Clinton would then lead among pledged delegates , 1,777 to 1,757 .
The other elephant in the room for Clinton is that Obama is almost certain to win North Carolina , with its high percentage of African - American voters , and also is seen as extremely strong in Oregon .
Harold Ickes , an icon of the Democratic Party who is Clinton ’s chief delegate strategist , points out that every previous forecast about this race has been faulty .
Asked about the Obama campaign ’s contention that it ’s mathematically impossible for Clinton to win , Ickes replied : “ They ca n’t count .
At the end of it , even by the Obama campaign ’s prediction , neither candidate will have enough delegates to be nominated . ”
This is true , as a matter of math .
But even the Clinton campaign ’s own best - case scenario has her finishing behind Obama when all the nominating contests are over .
“ She will be close to him but certainly not equal to him in pledged delegates , ” a Clinton adviser said .
“ When you add the superdelegates on top of it , I ’ll think she ’ll still be behind him somewhat in total delegates — but very , very close . ”
The total gap is likely to be 75 to 110 , the adviser said .
That means Clinton would need either some of those pledged delegates to switch their support — which technically they can do , though it would be unlikely — or for the white - dominated group of superdelegates to join forces with her to topple Obama .
To foster doubt about Obama , Clinton supporters are using a whisper and pressure campaign to make an 11th - hour argument to party insiders that he would be a weak candidate in November despite his superior standing at the moment .
“ All she has left is the electability argument , ” a Democratic official said .
" It ’s all wrapped around : Is there something that makes him ultimately unelectable ? ”
But the audience for that argument , the superdelegates , will not easily overturn the will of the party ’s voters .
And in fact , a number of heavyweight Democrats are looking at the landscape and laying the groundwork to dissuade Clinton from trying to overturn the will of the party rank and file .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) , who has not endorsed either candidate , appears to be among them .
She told Bloomberg Television that superdelegates should " respect for what has been said by the people . ”
And she told ABC ’s “ This Week ” that it would be “ harmful to the Democratic Party ” if superdelegates overturn the outcome of elections .
A Democratic strategist said that given the unlikelihood of prevailing any other way , Clinton now must “ scare ” superdelegates “ who basically just want to win . ”
The strategist said Clinton aides are now relying heavily on the controversy over Obama ’s retiring minister , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , to sow new seeds of doubt .
“ This issue is the first thing that ’s come along that I think is potentially fatal to his electability argument , ” the strategist said .
“ They ’re looking ahead and saying :
Is it possible this thing is just going to drip , drip , drip , drip — more video ?
Where does that leave us if he ’s our presumptive nominee and he ’s limping into the convention and the Republicans are just ready to go on him , double - barreled ? ”
The strategist also said Clinton ’s agents are making more subtle pitches .
“ I ’ve heard people start to say : Have you looked at the vote in Ohio really carefully ?
See how that breaks down for him .
What does that portend ? ” said the strategist .
“ Then they point to Pennsylvania :
In electorally important battleground states , if he is essentially only carrying heavy African - American turnout in high - performing African - American districts and the Starbucks - sipping , Volvo - driving liberal elite , how does he carry a state like Pennsylvania ? ”
Her advisers say privately that the nominee will be clear by the end of June .
At the same time , they recognize that the nominee probably is clear already .
What has to irk Clintons ’ aides is that they felt she might finally have him on the ropes , bruised badly by the Wright fight and wobbly in polls .
But the bell rang long ago in the minds of too many voters .
Avi Zenilman contributed to this report .
Nelly S .
There is one thing I know - it 's really hard to find a trustworthy company nowadays .
I 've heard a lot of horror stories where people booked with these third - party companies and when coming to the airport , discovered that their flight did n't exist and the airline had no record of it .
But after I booked with this specific company , I must say , everything is legit !
I got all the information I needed by the phone and got in touch with their representatives within minutes .
Although the departure time of my flight changed once , the agent informed me about that 2 days prior to my flight .
I really appreciate the approach they have !
Keep going !
And many thanks !
Submitted by kellym78 on November 1 , 2007 - 3:58 am .
Here 's the link to the original article and below is my response .
Enjoy .
Bump my response on reddit .
Digg me on Digg .
Anybody who has ever perused the " Religion " section of the local bookstore has undoubtedly seen that the sheer volume of available apologetics material is most certainly not in danger of being over taken by the comparatively miniscule , if even present , section of books on atheism .
That notwithstanding , the response from believers to books like Richard Dawkins ' The God Delusion or Christopher Hitchens ' God Is Not Great has been so vociferous that one would think that it was in imminent peril .
As much as I would relish that notion , it is apparent that instead of diminishing , it is in fact increasing -- with new names , albeit old arguments .
The newest poster - boy for defenders of Christianity is Dinesh D'Souza .
He has written books in response to or publicly debated many of the forerunners of the so - called " New Atheism " .
His recent op - ed in the USA Today section " On Religion " ( Oct 22 , 2007 ) is but a fragment of the kind of nonsense that passes for valid argumentation in the realm of apologetics .
While reading it , one must wonder if he is either a blatant liar or simply downright deluded .
( Maybe this could be the D'Souza Dilemma : Dishonest or Deluded ? )
The fact that anybody with even a shred of logic or knowledge of history would make it past his opening salvo without lighting it on fire is a miracle of its own .
Is he a champion of the provocation of hysteria , or does he realize that atheists do n't want to remove Christianity from the history of the founding of the country -- It was never there !
Does he not know that we already live in a secular society -- we just want to keep it that way ?
That all of the values and institutions that he claims are " inextricably tied " to his faith existed before Christianity and were instilled in this country which was explicitly created to not have ties to any particular religion ?
Somebody should point out to him that it is this type of rhetoric against which we rail .
It is not particularly difficult to portray religion as the thorn in the side of civilization .
A cursory glance at world politics will reveal that the impetus for the majority of both current and historical instances of bloodshed , terrorism , and genocide is religion .
The fact that the entire basis for belief in any god is faith , the definition of which is the antithesis of reason , manifests itself in the fanaticism of its adherents .
Whether you call this invisible and undetectable being Yahweh or Allah is of little consequence -- were it not for the unshakable faith of the believers , people would be much less willing to kill or die in order to reap the rewards of the promised afterlife .
This is the fundamental reason why faith is so dangerous .
A belief system founded upon faith is untouchable .
One cannot reason with that person ; in fact , a believer is taught to purposely ignore valid arguments and trained to feel guilty if the uncomfortable sensation of doubt begins to plague them .
Mr. D'Souza , in his attempt to exonerate faith , particularly his brand , then ascribes to faith all that we as Americans hold dear .
It is a mere ploy to appeal to the emotions of people who value democratic ideals and scientific progress .
His blatantly fallacious anthropocentric argument for the supposed " perfection " of the universe has been exposed by others much more knowledgeable than I in that realm and betrays his presuppositions regarding the order that we observe .
It is in fact an observation .
As cognizant beings , we like to categorize and quantify that which is taken in by our sensory organs .
The universe is just as adept , if not more so , at creating black holes as it is at creating planets that can sustain life .
His inference that this necessarily must be from a divine creator is not evidence of that at all , unless his god also enjoys swallowing galaxies into a vacuum from which nothing can escape .
( I wo n't even touch the list of " Christian " scientists , some of whom were forced under penalty of torture and death to swear fealty to their divine lord . )
Concerning democracy , I would like for him to explain how , if Christianity is responsible for democracy , the Ancient Greeks had democratic societies .
Why is it that he credits god with the Jeffersonian dictum that " all men are created equal " when Jefferson himself was not a Christian and in fact owned slaves ?
To them , the " men " were those that the elite decided were " men " , and that did n't include blacks , women , or Native Americans .
Although this does sound very similar to the type of behavior that the god of Moses , Joshua , or David would endorse , it seems little like the one that D'Souza tries to conflate with democratic ideals .
Finally , the association that he claims between Christianity and human rights is the epitome of absurdity .
It would behoove D'Souza to speak to some homosexuals about " the right to marry and form a family " .
His equality - espousing god speaks of homosexuality as an abomination and punishable by death .
His followers , supposedly created in his image , have done more to thwart universal human rights than any other group short of the Third Reich .
D'Souza is right about one thing , though .
I will not hesitate to privately and publicly acknowledge the role that Christianity has had in " the things that matter most to us " :
It has worked it 's hardest to obfuscate the truth , subvert scientific advancement , and decimate those who do not allow themselves to be swayed by vapid argumentation and psychological terrorism .
Those are the things that matter most to me .
Brief Bio
With the intrigue of an M.C. Escher drawing and the richness of a Chris Van Allsburg painting , renowned Canadian artist Rob Gonsalves depicts that time between sleep and wakefulness , creating a breathtaking , visual exploration of imagination and possibility that encourages us to think past the boundaries of everyday life , and see the possibilities beyond .
His imagery invites the viewer to move past reality into a somewhat surreal depiction of what fantasy and imagination could be .
In each of his paintings , what appears to be becomes something else .
The supports of a train bridge become acrobats balanced on shoulders .
A stately home in autumn is also a tree house being constructed by children .
A child playing with a toy train sees a real train coming through the archway in his living room .
Children bouncing on beds take off in flight above a patchwork landscape .
A violinist sitting on a porch plays music to tall sunflowers which , on closer look become leafy people whose faces are in a sleepy trance .
Artist Rob Gonsalves was born in Toronto in 1959 .
During his childhood , he developed an interest in drawing from imagination using various media .
By age 12 , his awareness of architecture grew as he learned perspective techniques and first began to paint renderings of imagined buildings .
After an introduction to artist Dali , Gonsalves began his first surrealist paintings .
The " magic realism " approach of Magritte along with the precise perspective illusions of Escher came to be influences in his future work .
In his post college years , Gonsalves worked full time as an architect , also painting trompe l'oeil murals and theatre sets .
Although Gonsalves ' work may appear to be surrealistic , it differs in that the images are deliberately planned and result from conscious thought .
Ideas are largely generated by the external world and involve recognizable human activities , using carefully planned illusionist devices .
Gonsalves injects a sense of magic into realistic scenes .
As a result , the term " magic realism " describes his work accurately .
His work is an attempt to represent human beings ' desire to believe in the impossible .
Gonsalves Books
In 2003 , Simon and Schuster published the Gonsalves - illustrated book Imagine A Night .
A tremendous inspiration to imagination the book is the best gift you could give to anyone of any age .
It is only $ 19.99 at Saper Galleries .
You can order your copy by contacting us now via e-mail or phone .
We also have in stock Simon and Schuster 's Imagine A Day , illustrating many more Rob Gonsalves paintings .
It is also $ 19.99 .
On the cover is Castle on A Cliff ( shown above and available for acquisition here ) .
The third book is Imagine A Place , at $ 19.99 .
Released in September 2015 is the newest book , Imagine A World , at only $ 17.99 .
You may want to buy all four books for your library ( at $ 77.96 for all four plus shipping ) and additional ones as gifts !
Shipping outside of the United States could cost $ 50 or more .
Imagine a Night has these 16 pictures in it ( shown above ) : Cold Comfort , Bedtime Aviation , Ladies of the Lake , Astral Projections , House by the Railroad , Listening Fields , A Change of Scenery , Medieval Moonlight , New Moon Eclipsed , Woods Within , White Blanket , and five others .
Imagine a Day has these 17 pictures in it : Sun Sets Sails , On the Upswing , Table Top Towers , Written Worlds , Tributaries , Still Waters , Castles on the Cliff , Tree House in Autumn , Wilderness Gothic , Flight Plan , Unfinished Puzzle , Acrobatic Engineering , and five others .
Imagine a Place has these 17 pictures in it : Flood Fences ( also on the cover ) , For the Birds , Cathedral of Commerce , Stepping Stones , Nocturnal Skating , Doll 's Dreamhouse , Roots and Wings , Spring Skiing , Time Places , Aquatic Mountaineering , The Library , Great Expectations , The Dancing Wind , Chess Master , Making Waves , and two others .
Imagine a World has these 18 pictures in it : Aspiring Acrobats ( also on the cover ) , Night Light , Fall Color Flies , Performer and His Public , Alpine Navigation , As Above So Below , Towers of Knowledge , Light Flurries , A Change of Scenery 2 ( Making Mountains ) , Chalkboard Universe , Pulling Strings , Sweet City , Beyond the Reef , Waterlogged , The Space Between Words , Water Dancing , Sailing Islands , and Phenomenon of Floating .
Enjoy these haunting , yet compelling images at Saper Galleries where you will be transported from reality to a world where nothing is quite as it seems .
All the images shown above are displayed and available for immediate acquisition .
At first it seemed like a few random cases of lassitude among Mary Chapin Carpenter devotees in Berkeley , Cambridge and Chapel Hill .
But then psychotherapists began to realize patients across the country were complaining of the same distress .
They were experiencing the first hints of what ’s bound to be a national phenomenon : Obama Comedown Syndrome .
The afflicted had already been through the phases of Obama - mania  fainting at rallies , weeping over their touch screens while watching Obama videos , spending hours making folk crafts featuring Michelle Obama ’s face .
These patients had experienced intense surges of hope - amine , the brain chemical that fuels euphoric sensations of historic change and personal salvation .
But they found that as the weeks went on , they needed more and purer hope - injections just to preserve the rush .
They wound up craving more hope than even the Hope Pope could provide , and they began experiencing brooding moments of suboptimal hopefulness .
Anxious posts began to appear on the Yes We Can !
Facebook pages .
A sense of ennui began to creep through the nation ’s Ian McEwan - centered book clubs .
Up until now The Chosen One ’s speeches had seemed to them less like stretches of words and more like soul sensations that transcended time and space .
But those in the grips of Obama Comedown Syndrome began to wonder if His stuff actually made sense .
For example , His Hopeness tells rallies that we are the change we have been waiting for , but if we are the change we have been waiting for then why have we been waiting since we ’ve been here all along ?
Snake robots are always incredible to watch , and CMUs modular snake robots are no exception .
They are incredibly versatile – being able to crawl , climb , swim and scale flights of stars .
The video shows all — and I was really impressed when it crawled up and down the leg of one of its creator … fast !
Creators and Project Origins
The snakes are a project of CMUs Biorobotics lab , named Modular Snake Robots ( or Modsnake for short ) .
See also the list of project members .
Snake robots can use their many internal degrees of freedom to thread through tightly packed volumes and access locations that people and machinery otherwise cannot .
These highly articulated devices can coordinate their internal degrees of freedom to perform a variety of locomotive gaits that go beyond the capabilities of conventional wheeled and legged robots .
The true power of these devices is their versatility ; they can crawl , climb , swim , and scale flights of stairs .
[ Official description from CMU ]
Project Goals and Design
The issues tackled in the project are twofold , according to the information provided on the project ’s site .
The first is to achieve snake - like locomotion and the second is to have the artificial being ’s design modular .
The robots are a chain of modules , each of which have one degree of freedom .
They ’re powered by low - cost hobby servos ( named SuperServos by CMU , or more recently SuperServo2 ) , and an encapsulating mechanism designed to optimize efficiency and robustness .
Each robot is currently controlled by a tethered cable and are embedded with a camera on the snakes ’ edge module .
[ [ Subscribers , please visit the site if you can't see the video above ] ]
Speed of Locomotion in Complex Environments
I ’m very impressed by the speed of the robots , and you can see that CMUs team is proud as well , sporting the “ real time ” tag in the video .
Lack of speed is one of the things I ’ve touched on regarding modern robotics .
It ’s hard to deal with complexities of normal , or even catastrophic environments ( for rescue - type , or military robots ) .
If a robot moves fast its intelligence must be capable of making good judgement calls in real time , fast and efficiently .
Our ( humanity ’s ) physical machinery is advancing rapidly and hopefully these superb platforms will help us excel development of systems that endow them with higher intelligence .
Related AI Projects & Commentary
From what I gathered on CMUs information I believe an emphasis is currently being put on engineering and physical versatility .
But there are of course several projects focused on AI , specifically regarding path planning and the snakes ’ ability to coordinate each of its joints by itself .
As noted on the CMUs Snake Motion Planning Page ( see also more of the snakes ’ Control Theory projects ) :
Snake robots have many applications , but are hard to control .
A person cannot simply operate each joint of a snake individually because there are too many .
These robots require a motion planning algorithm .
Motion planning for snake robots is difficult because the robots have many internal degrees of freedom that have to be coordinated to achieve purposeful motion .
In motion planning jargon , this means the snake robots exist in large dimensional configuration spaces .
Our work will make it possible for the robots to operate in several different modes from fully autonomous to human - guided .
The robot will be able to optimize its own path based on a range of cost functions from power consumption to safety or even stealth . [...]
We are working on two approaches for snake motion planning right now .
The first introduces a new topological decomposition of space called WAFT ( WAve Front Topology )
This decomposition is well suited to tethered robots , like a snake that is fixed to the ground at one end .
This decomposition of space allows for path planning that is path - dependent , meaning that veering left around the first obstacle encountered will change the options that are available in the future as compared to the options had the path to the right of the first obstacle been chosen .
This WAFT planner can be implemented in a sensor based way and can be used to guarantee complete coverage of the work space .
This is important for exploring unknown spaces when searching for survivors in collapsed building or when doing surveillance operations .
Very interesting and impressive work and I personally look forward to seeing how the projects progress .
Links & References
The video and images are Copyright 2008 Biorobotics Lab , Carnegie Mellon University .
All Rights Reserved .
See the list and specifications of the Modsnake robots that have been created
See links to the BioRobotics lab , Modsnakes and relevant AI projects in the article
Related posts :
On the 26th of October , the Tokyo Motor Show kicked off with a roar .
Some of the highlights included the Lancer EVO X and the highly anticipated Nissan GT - R. Manufacturers also introduced a handful of concept cars that can only be described as " unique . "
Here are my picks for the 10 Coolest and Craziest Concept Cars from the Tokyo Motor Show :
10 . The Suzuki PIXY .
This really stretches the meaning of the word car .
It can only seat one person and is used for short trips across town .
If a longer trip is required , 2 PIXYs can " pair " up and go into a Suzuki Sharing Coach ( SSC ) .
They are powered by either solar energy or clean burning Hydrogen .
They can also be used inside buildings and easy to use for " non-drivers "
9 . The Toyota i-Real
Another concept that really stretches the meaning of the word car .
It is basically a 3 - wheel scooter with a seat and armrests .
You control the vehicle by using a pair of joysticks , one in each hand .
The i-Real will also warn you of anything that is within a certain distance by noise and vibration to ensure no collisions .
8. The Suzuki X - Head
At first glance , this looks more like a scaled down Tonka Truck we see kids playing with at the beach .
However the X - Head is no toy according to Suzuki .
It is dependable and functional , while still offering an enjoyable driving experience .
It can also take on different roles by simply changing the bed .
7. The Diahatsu Mud Master -C
A compact transporter with a huge amount of cargo space .
It is designed with a body - on - frame structure to increase life - span and off - road capability .
The cargo area can be accessed by 1 of 3 doors on either side or the rear .
The interior sports a single LCD multi-display and moisture repellent upholstery .
6. The Suzuki BiPlane
A new kind of motorcycle design that is based on the 1970 's drag bikes .
The heart of this machine is a 1000 cc twin - cam 4 cylinder .
The block it liquid cooled to provide safety and comfort for the rider .
The aerodynamics were inspired by riders who compared the feeling of accelerating on a long straightaway to taking off in a jet .
The man who spoke for Comcast at Harvard last month has told the Federal Communications Commission that the agency has no legal power to stop the cable giant from engaging in what it calls " network management practices " ( critics call it peer - to - peer traffic blocking ) .
Comcast vice president David L. Cohen 's latest filing with the Commission claims that regulators can do nothing even if they conclude that Comcast 's behavior runs afoul of the FCC's Internet neutrality guidelines .
" The congressional policy and agency practice of relying on the marketplace instead of regulation to maximize consumer welfare has been proven by experience ( including the Comcast customer experience ) to be enormously successful , " concludes Cohen 's thinly - veiled warning to the FCC , filed on March 11 .
" Bearing these facts in mind should obviate the need for the Commission to test its legal authority . "
Should we read " test " as in " test an FCC Order on ISP network management in Federal court " ?
Cohen presented Comcast 's case at the FCC's February 25th net neutrality hearing , held at Harvard Law School .
Whatever the merits of his March 11 claims , they should be examined carefully .
They may represent the framework for a legal challenge against any action the FCC takes to protect consumers .
Cohen 's arguments fall along three main points .
Congress has not given the FCC authority to act on this matter
The Federal Communications Commission has made clear , Cohen writes , that cable service is not a common carrier and therefore is not subject to common carrier guidelines .
Cohen summons the FCC's 2002 Cable Modem Declaratory Ruling to back up this argument .
The ruling invoked language contained in the Telecommunications
Act of 1996 to characterize cable as an " information service " rather than a common carrier .
After a long court battle , the Supreme Court backed up the FCC in its 2005 Brand X decision .
The high court rejected the Brand X ISP 's plea that if the FCC did not attach common carrier status to cable , cable providers could exclude smaller competing ISPs from accessing larger networks .
Comcast argues that Cable Modem settles the question : " Any attempt to justify an injunction on Comcast based on a statutory provision that is explicitly limited to common carriers would violate the Communications Act and be arbitrary and capricious , " Cohen writes .
The FCC's Internet Policy Statement does not give the agency the authority to deal with the issue
The 2005 statement pledges the FCC to ensure that ISP services are operated " in a neutral manner . "
But Cohen insists that said declaration has no force of law .
" It is settled law that policy statements do not create binding legal obligations , " he argues .
" Indeed , the Internet Policy Statement expressly disclaimed any such intent . "
Actually , the statement declared that the FCC has the " jurisdiction necessary to ensure that providers of telecommunications for Internet access or Internet Protocol - enabled ( IP - enabled ) services are operated in a neutral manner . "
On the other hand , FCC Chair Kevin Martin issued a comment insisting that " while policy statements do not establish rules nor are they enforceable documents , today ’s statement does reflect core beliefs that each member of this Commission holds regarding how broadband internet access should function . "
Cohen is obviously hanging his legal hat on this ambiguity
Regulating Comcast 's ISP policies may violate the Administrative Procedures Act ( APA )
This is a generic protest found in many FCC filings .
Congress enacted the Administrative Procedures
Act in 1946 to establish uniform rules and guidelines for governmental agencies , given the enormous expansion of the executive branch over the previous dozen years .
Cohen writes that the FCC is bound by the APA " not to act in an arbitrary and capricious manner " and that the law " does not permit the Commission to switch abruptly from an explicit policy of relying on market forces to a new regime in which the decisions that Internet service providers make in real - time in a dynamic marketplace are subject to governmental second - guessing and disruption . "
Actually , the APA mentions " arbitrary and capricious " behavior only once — and in reference to the withholding of government documents from litigants .
The real question is how much significance to attach to any of these arguments .
Legal saber rattling ?
Maybe .
They could also pose a warning to the FCC to expect a lawsuit following any action against ISP P2P blocking .
FCC Chair Martin says he hopes to finish his investigation of Comcast by late June .
" At the heart of the machine are two thin layers of metal .
These layers incorporate all of the electromechanical elements needed to drive the computational and software functionality . "
What in the hell does that mean .
Windows Mobile , like Windows itself , has had a checkered history .
Early versions were maligned as being feature - poor and difficult to use .
However , in a tale familiar to anyone who has followed Microsoft , the company stuck at it , and the portable operating system started to come into its own .
The most recent release , Windows Mobile 6.0 , added Vista - like themes to go along with a significant upgrade to the OS internals .
Having conquered Palm in the dying PDA market , Windows Mobile was now ready to go toe - to - toe with other phone operating systems and platforms such as BlackBerry , Symbian and various Linux derivatives .
All seemed well in Windows Mobile land , but then Apple released the iPhone running a stripped - down version of OS X and a new multitouch user interface .
Despite Steve Ballmer 's prediction that the phone had " no chance " of gaining significant market share , a recent survey by Net Applications showed the iPhone actually overtaking Windows Mobile in web browsing share : 0.09 percent for the iPhone versus 0.06 percent for all Windows CE and Mobile devices put together .
All of a sudden Windows Mobile phones seemed like they were stuck in the past , and minor UI annoyances stuck out like a sore thumb .
Windows Mobile 6.1 .
Image courtesy Boy Genius .
Never one to back down from a challenge , Microsoft is busily preparing both a minor UI refresh ( Windows Mobile 6.1 ) and a major new release of the operating system ( Windows Mobile 7.0 ) .
A gallery of screen shots from the 6.1 refresh compiled by Boy Genius shows an emphasis on simplification : the screens are more task - oriented and have less clutter than their immediate predecessor .
A new and clearer font adorns the UI , and new features such as zooming , copy and paste in Internet Explorer , and auto - configuring ActiveSync for e-mails are sure to be welcome additions to the platform .
In addition , Microsoft is making it easier ( and more Windows - like ) to switch tasks by adding a standardized task manager to the platform .
As far as Windows Mobile 7.0 goes , there are no leaked screen shots as of yet , but big changes are afoot .
Microsoft plans to completely redo applications such as Internet Explorer , bringing the mobile browser up to par with Apple 's Mobile Safari .
The e-mail and SMS applications are also scheduled for complete rewrites .
Microsoft plans to make the user interface even more consumer - friendly .
Beyond 7.0 , Microsoft is even hinting at a completely redesigned Windows Mobile 8.0 , which will again redo the internals of the operating system to keep up with newer and more powerful mobile hardware .
Details for this release are scarce , although Microsoft promises features such as being able to go from a person 's address in their contact info directly to a map view with directions to where they live .
It all sounds like the iPhone really lit a fire under the posteriors of the Windows Mobile team , and that can only be good news for smartphone users .
Further reading
Obama campaign manager accuses Clinton of ' George Bush secrecy '
Attempting to pivot away from a damaging dust - up stemming from an adviser 's attack on Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama 's campaign on Friday returned to press the former First Lady to release her post - White House tax returns .
Campaign manager David Plouffe did not back off the Obama campaign 's recent attacks on Clinton as too scandal - plagued and secrecy - prone to be president .
" What the American people do n't need is more George Bush secrecy in the White House , " Plouffe told reporters Friday .
Clinton has accused the Obama camp of " Ken Starr " - style politics for criticizing her over tax returns and other 90s scandals .
The tax returns will be released in mid-April , the campaign has said .
Plouffe spoke during a campaign conference call a day after controversy erupted when Obama adviser Samantha Power slipped up during a newspaper interview and called Clinton " a monster . "
Power resigned Friday morning .
Although the senior Obama aide avoided any mention of the controversy in his opening remarks , he could n't avoid it as soon as reporters began asking questions .
He said Power made the right call when she announced her resignation .
" She 's been a valuable part of our campaign , " he said , " but we do n't condone those kinds of comments . "
Plouffe went on to accuse Clinton surrogates and advisers of attacking other candidates .
He mentioned BET founder Robert Johnson 's slam of Obama , invoking the candidates past drug use .
Clinton did not immediately rebuke Johnson 's comments and he waited several days before issuing an apology .
During a conference call earlier Friday a Clinton spokesman said he did n't remember the details of Johnson 's comments and noted that other advisers who behaved inappropriately had been fired .
" Apparently there are different standards here as it relates to conduct , " Plouffe chided .
DEVELOPING ...
Massive Tax Evasion Scandal in Germany The Liechtenstein Connection
With one bigwig already toppled for tax evasion and hundreds more likely waiting their turn , all roads lead to the tiny principality of Liechtenstein .
According to SPIEGEL sources , Germany 's largest post - war economic scandal started with a single intelligence source .
Following our controller episode of RetroforceGO ! , I have received a surprising number of emails and messages regarding the Xbox 360 Dpad and the countless mods , DIY fixes , and third - party alternatives that exist to solve the problem .
Shockingly enough , I 've even heard from a few slobbering brain cancer victims who find nothing wrong with it .
Given the amount of feedback on this issue , I thought I 'd take some time to address it further .
Bear in mind that what you 're about to read is not whining .
Perhaps you mistake me for the average review reader .
Instead , what lies after the jump is a wholly dissatisfied consumer -- someone who knows as much about gaming hardware as a good mechanic knows about internal combustion engines -- pointing a finger in the face of the big M and saying , " You f*cked up . "
To understand what makes this component of the 360 controller so thoroughly useless , one needs to have some basic knowledge of how a controller works .
I 'm not going to go too far in depth on that , because you do n't want to read a long post , and chances are you do n't really care anyway .
Go here if you 're really interested .
To keep it simple , let 's suffice it to say that most Dpads , as well as most controller buttons in general , pretty much work on the same principle .
Push the button , complete the circuit , things happen on your TV screen .
This is almost always achieved in the same manner :
Trust me , I 've seen the inside of just about every controller you could name , and they 're all more or less the same in this respect .
Push the button , button pushes down rubber membrane with metal disc in it , life goes on .
This rubber membrane is also what makes the button pop back up after you 've pressed it .
It 's not exactly fascinating .
The membrane is your Dpad , and the button is really only there to make it durable , pretty , etc .
Want to see how the 360 Dpad is different ?
Um ... excuse me , WTF R U doin ?
What 's this supposed to be ?
Instead of the button contacting the membrane directly , you 've given us this barbell - type thing , essentially a middleman between our thumb and the circuitboard ?
Again , dear reader , I 'm not going to bore you with the details .
When you chuck your 360 controller across the room in frustration while trying to play something that uses the Dpad , you can peek inside its shattered remains and see for yourself .
Form should follow function , Microsoft .
I do n't care how nice you think it looks ; if it does n't work , then what 's the point ?
Your engineering department needs some serious help .
Feel free to fax me a job application .
Better yet , maybe you should just fly me in for a visit so I can slap a few people around for a while .
However , despite the evidence , some people still make attempts to defend this abomination against God and gamer .
They set the Internet ablaze , blinded by their fanboyism , with arguments like :
" It 's not that bad .
Mine works just fine . "
Really ?
Tell us where you got it , because it 's obviously not the same model that came with the other 99.997 % of Xbox 360s on the market .
You must know where to buy this special " does n't suck " package .
" It 's easy to fix .
There are a bunch of simple mods you can do . "
I know .
Everybody knows .
If you Google " 360 controller fix , " you 'll find 307,000 results .
Why do you think that might be ?
Maybe because sensible people are all in agreement that it's a miserable piece of shit ?
Tell you what .
I 'd like to sell you a car .
It 's a great car .
Oh , but the gas pedal is kind of iffy .
Sometimes it makes the car go , but other times it 's a brake pedal .
Sometimes it makes the car go into reverse , sometimes it turns on the air conditioner .
It usually does okay as a gas pedal , though .
If you do n't like it , you can rip the car apart and fix it yourself .
Dumbass .
" Nobody really uses Dpads anymore anyway . "
Wow .
Do you really only play a couple different kinds of games ?
Sure , I guess if I were content with nothing but Geometry Wars and [ insert FPS ] for the rest of my life , I would n't care , either .
However , it just so happens that I like lots of different kinds of games , many of which use a Dpad .
If we 're not supposed to use it , why did Microsoft put it there ?
If it 's unnecessary , why is there one on every other controller on the market ?
One that works ?
" Just use the analog stick . "
Fuck you .
No , no , really .
Fuck you .
I get that some of you whippersnappers cut your teeth on the N64's analog stick and do n't really understand why your controller has a plus sign on it , but as long as there are games like Pac - Man CE , Street Fighter , 2D shooters , puzzle games , or anything remotely similar to those games coming out on any system in my console cabinet , the controller damn well better have a Dpad on it .
I do n't eat my cereal with a snow shovel , and I do n't play shmups and puzzle games with an analog stick .
" ... But you 're old .
Is n't the analog stick more like an old arcade joystick ? "
LOL .
No .
" Nintendo owns the patent on the Dpad , so Microsoft could n't give it a good one . "
Bullshit .
I 'm no expert on what Nintendo does or does not hold the rights to , but maybe you should take a look through your controller drawer .
See all those Dpads ?
Yeah , they 're all the same on the inside .
Refer to the above picture .
That 's basically how it works .
Even on the shitty third - party ones .
If Nintendo owns that design , they 're sharing it with everyone on the planet but Microsoft .
" Stop bitching and use a third - party controller . "
You know what 's really sad ?
When the piece of shit , $ 20 , GameStop - brand , no - name knockoff , made - in - Taiwan - and - sold - on - Canal - Street controller works ten times better than the one that came with your $ 400 system .
Where is your god now ?
It 's sad that the controller I believe to otherwise be the best in history can't be used to play some of my favorite games .
That Dpad is useless .
You know it , I know it , and Microsoft knows it .
So what do we do ?
Hope for a revision like we got with the original Xbox controller ?
Write them angry letters ?
Scream at the TV until our throats fall numb every time we lose a round of Puzzle Fighter for lack of decent control over the pieces ?
I 'm going to make fun of it in a post on Destructoid , that 's what I 'm gonna do .
Talk shit about it on my podcast and hope someone at Microsoft hears me .
Chances are they wo n't , but in the unlikely case that they do , I would encourage them to write me at topher - at - destructoid - dot - com and explain their fuckuppery once and for all .
So what 's it going to be , Microsoft ?
Nintendo replaced countless
Wiimote straps even though there was nothing wrong with them .
Sony put rumble in the Sixaxis .
It 's your turn , fuckers .
Hop to .
Two million minutes is the estimated time that students spend in high school .
It is also the title of a new documentary film that suggests American students squander too much of that time .
While their peers in China and India study longer hours to sharpen their math and science skills , top students from one of the best high schools in the U.S. are playing video games and watching Grey 's Anatomy during a group study session , at least in clips seen in the documentary .
Two Million Minutes : A Global Examination follows six students through their senior year of high school in the United States , India , and China .
Brittany Brechbuhl is a 17 - year - old who 's in the top 3 percent of her graduating class at Carmel High School in Indiana .
She aspires to become a doctor but also wants to join a sorority and " party . "
Neil Ahrendt , 18 , is another talented Carmel student who is the senior class president and former quarterback of the football team .
These American teenagers ' attitudes toward academics differ sharply from those of their peers in India and China , who seem more motivated and focused .
Take , for example , 17 - year - old Apoorva Uppala , who attends Saturday tutoring sessions to prepare for her university entrance exams .
She wants to become an engineer , which she calls " the safest " profession in India .
In Shanghai , Jin Ruizhang , 17 , preps for international math tournaments .
He is already the top math student at his school and hopes to get into a prestigious university offering an advanced math program .
So far , ED in '08 — a nonpartisan education watch group supported by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation — has shown the film at private screenings in key battleground states like Iowa and South Carolina .
Even though it has not been released to general audiences yet , the film has drawn criticism from the Graduate School of Education at Harvard University and others who say it fans anxiety without enough evidence to support its claims .
Walt Gardner , a former lecturer at the University of California - Los Angeles who taught in public schools for 28 years , says neither China nor India has participated in international assessments .
" How do we know how well Chinese and Indian students would perform ? " he asks .
ED in ' 08 , which is promoting Two Million Minutes , also has a provocative campaign of its own , designed to get the candidates to talk about how to fix schools .
In the days before the Iowa caucuses , the group ran a television ad featuring teenagers who declare themselves the future of the country .
Only in the future " I will steal your car , " one teen says .
Another says , " I will use drugs to escape . "
Even hip - hop superstar Kanye West has jumped on the bandwagon , shooting an ad for ED in '08 in which he urges the candidates to address the high dropout rate among minority high school students .
How To Resolve the Tibet Crisis
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis
DIGG THIS
The current Tibetan rebellion against Chinese rule has captured world attention and sympathy .
Protests from Katmandu to New York have ensured it stays on TV screens almost everywhere — except China , of course .
China ’s government , which has been preparing a massive , carefully orchestrated Olympic summer extravaganza in Beijing , has been deeply embarrassed and lost a great deal of face .
The latest Tibetan " intifada " erupted just after China ’s party congress was celebrating the nation ’s economic upsurge and orderly development .
Who is right about Tibet ?
Beijing claims
Tibet has always been and remains an integral part of China .
The Dalai Lama , insists Beijing , is a dangerous " splittist " fomenting rebellion with Western help .
Chinese civilians have been attacked by Tibetan mobs , says Beijing .
The Dalai Lama , his followers , and international supporters assert China is conducting " cultural genocide " in Tibet by bringing in settlers and drowning its ancient Buddhist traditions in a flood of Han Chinese newcomers .
Is Tibet historically part of China , as Beijing claims ?
Yes and no .
The thirteenth century Mongol emperors adopted Tibetan Buddhism as their new state religion and hailed the Dalai Lama as their " teacher " and spiritual guide .
When the Ming Dynasty took power in China around 1370 , it adopted and continued this " priest - ruler " relationship .
Tibet ’s Buddhist theocracy recognized the ultimate political mastery of China ’s emperor , while he recognized the spiritual primacy of the Dalai Lama in Lhasa and Tibet ’s total autonomy .
Lhasa became the Vatican for the Mongol Empire and China ’s Ming Empire .
In 1913 , while China was in chaos , Tibet , backed by the British Empire , declared independence .
War - torn China had no chance to reassert its claim to Tibet until the end of the civil war in May , 1950 .
Four months later , China ’s People ’s Army invaded Tibet and declared it " reunited " to China .
Many Tibetans , particularly the warlike Champa , resisted furiously .
A year earlier , Chinese troops had invaded and crushed the independent , four - year old Muslim Republic of East Turkistan — today called Xinjiang — whose Turkic - Mongol Uighurs , long fought Chinese rule and Han Chinese immigration .
The world laments for the Tibetan cause , but utterly ignores the unfashionable cause of Tibet ’s northern neighbors , the Uighurs .
After 2001 , the Bush Administration even branded Muslim Uighur resistance movements " terrorists . "
How many Tibetans are there ?
China has obscured census figures .
When I met with the Dalai Lama , who inspired my book , " War at the Top of the World " — which is in part about Tibet — he told me there were over seven million Tibetans .
About three million are in Tibet proper , and the rest in the neighboring Chinese provinces of Sichuan , Gansu and Qinghai , to which protests have spread .
The last two Chinese provinces used to form part of historical Tibet .
A primary cause of the Tibetan " intifada " is continuing settlement by Han Chinese .
After what I call " ethnic inundation , " ethnic Chinese settlers now outnumber Tibetans .
The same process of inundation occurred in Inner Mongolia , whose people are ethnically close to Tibetans .
But we should be aware that China has also uplifted Tibet from frightful poverty and medieval superstition , brought education , hospitals , electricity , roads , and ended widespread serfdom .
Last year , a remarkable new high altitude rail line linked Lhasa to Beijing .
When I last visited Tibet in 1993 , people came up and begged me with tears in their eyes for a photo of their beloved exiled Dalai Lama .
I saw anti-Chinese demonstrations in Lhasa , and regiments of Chinese paramilitary police and soldiers .
Resistance has simmered for decades .
Now , the pot has boiled over .
So far , China , keenly aware of the upcoming Olympics and its world image , has been fairly restrained in suppressing the uprising .
As of this writing , the uprising appears to be abating .
But if it flares anew and gets out of hand , China will use much more force .
Another danger : China ’s giant rival , India , would dearly like to drive China from the strategic Tibetan Plateau , which looms over northern India .
China has built a score of air and missile bases in Tibet that deeply alarm India .
Growing unrest could tempt India to back Tibetan resistance .
In the late 1940 ’s , India also had its eye on Tibet but lacked the military power to take action .
But it seems likely that had not China annexed Tibet , it would have become an Indian protectorate , like those other forgotten Himalayan kingdoms , Bhutan , Sikkim and Ladakh ( known as " little Tibet " ) .
Any Indian or American move to destabilize Chinese rule over Tibet would be met with a fierce response from Beijing , which considers the Tibetan plateau its most militarily sensitive region after the coastal stretch of territory opposite Taiwan and the Beijing military region .
So what can the world do ?
Some EU members urge boycotting the Olympic opening ceremonies .
Similar calls are coming from North America .
Others demand outright trade sanctions .
Such overt action wo n’t work .
China will never voluntarily relinquish control of Tibet .
No one is going to tell China what to do .
A face - saving compromise needs to be found for this confrontation .
The best solution is the one proposed by the Dalai Lama : Beijing restores the old " priest - ruler " relationship .
Tibet recognizes China ’s political mastery and military presence , China accepts Tibet ’s genuine internal autonomy , ceases Han immigration , and allows the Dalai Lama to return .
As globalization plays an ever larger role in China ’s economy , its positive image abroad is extremely important .
Stomping on Tibet is counterproductive .
Beijing should respond with patience , and accord the Dalai Lama , a fierce pacifist and great soul , the same reverence and respect as did the Mongol and Ming emperors .
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
I came across an interesting article from ABC News ( Australian Broadcasting Corporation ) that discusses the current housing crisis and breaks down what type of person or family is affected the most .
Their focus is more on the affordability of housing and rent and not so much on the declining real estate prices here in the U.S.
Even so , I began to wonder if there was a generational connection to what we ’re experiencing here , or if it was just a matter of coincidence .
Generation X’s Place in the Economy
If we look at the position of Generation X in the economy , a noticeable trend emerges .
The majority of those in this generation that attended college graduated in the mid- to late - 90s .
What was the economy doing then ?
We were in the midst rapid technology growth , and the sky was the limit .
The economy was on fire , high - paying jobs were almost being handed out upon graduation , and life could n’t have been better for this generation .
This generation did n’t physically experience some of the negative economic concerns that were around in the 1970s and 1980s .
For the most part they were too young to know what was going on , and it was their parents ’ problem .
But without being able to experience or understand the effect of inflation rates in the double - digits and what a bear market feels like , this generation had unbridled optimism as they set out on their own .
Education and Family Values
Generation X was fortunate enough to reach adulthood during relatively good economic times .
One striking difference about this generation compared to those prior has to do with starting families .
Unlike past generations that typically got married and had children at a relatively young age , for the first time , a generation was being pushed to become educated beyond high school in an attempt to take advantage of the shift from an industrial to information and service - based economy .
This push for additional education forced a lot of people to delay marriage or having children until college or beyond .
This presented a unique opportunity for people who were finding themselves entering the job market in the 90s .
Without a family or children to support , the booming economy presented opportunities that most young adults could only dream of .
Unlike their boomer parents who typically worked blue - collar jobs and did n’t venture far from their roots , many Gen Xers saw an opportunity to take dream jobs almost anywhere in the country .
More Income Available for Housing
Since people were not often bound to their hometown by a spouse or young child , this allowed new graduates to pick up and move to the hottest areas in the country .
Of course , with the salaries being offered and few financial obligations , this meant many could buy the house of their dreams at a very young age .
Hey , it was the 90s , and they were sure to make even more money as their employer grows and the value of their home doubles in a few years , so why not .
Instead of just trying to find a roof to put over their family ’s head , manyhad the income and freedom live excessively during this exciting time .
This does n’t mean that everyone bought McMansions , but without the other financial obligations , I think that many still dedicated too much income towards housing and went beyond the basics .
Real estate at the time was seen to have almost unlimited upside and virtually no downside .
When Life Changes
As we know , life is n’t static .
People get married , have kids , and in the case of the technology bubble , it also meant lost jobs .
Suddenly , those living the high - life are faced with increased expenses and potential income loss .
This is a bad situation to be in if you were dedicating 30 - 50 % of your income to housing .
Now , the generation that has experienced nothing but good times is completely lost .
Of course , this does n’t apply to everyone , but it illustrates the importance of planning .
Young professions who have experienced nothing but prosperous times during their short adult life had little reason to prepare for the bad cards that can be dealt in the game of life , so more attention was spent on the here and now .
Could It Have Happened to Another Generation ?
Of course , you ca n’t completely discount the effect that extremely easy money and loose lending practices had on this situation , but I think this is more of a byproduct of what was happening in the economic climate in the 1990s .
Unfortunately , this just made the problem more widespread and severe as consumer greed just drove more corporate greed .
When you combine a generation of people who were possibly biting off more than they could chew and leaving themselves unable to cope with economic changes , you find the effect on housing , real estate , and credit to be very significant across the board .
Was the state of the economy , birth of technology , and bubble markets that followed something that would have happened regardless of what generation was behind it ?
Quite possibly .
Was it our generational traits that resulted from being raised by boomer parents , influence from technology and the media , and expectation to obtain further education that set us up to fuel this new consumer - driven economy and overzealous market ?
Or was it simply a case of bad timing ?
I do n’t know if there is an answer , but I find the possibilities intriguing .
What do you think–are we the cause , or just victims of chance ?
Author : Jeremy Vohwinkle
My name is Jeremy Vohwinkle , and I ’ve spent a number of years working in the finance industry providing financial advice to regular investors and those participating in employer - sponsored retirement plans .
Twitter Facebook Google +
Like California and Florida before it , habitual swing state Ohio has just issued a report slamming its three providers of electronic voting equipment -- including , of course , renamed Diebold -- and recommending that the 50 counties which use them scrap the machines in favor of a paper - trail - leaving optical scanning method .
The report , commissioned by Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner , details the ways in which white hat hackers were able to infiltrate the systems , easily picking locks , using portable devices to manipulate vote counts , and even introducing " malignant software " into boards of election servers .
Brunner 's plan calls for the entire state 's voting infrastructure to be overhauled by next year 's presidential elections , a move likely to be lauded by touchscreen voting 's many critics , but coming " about eight years too late , jerks -- thanks a lot , " according to usually - even - tempered former candidate Al Gore .
CRUDE OIL FUTURES CRUDE OIL FUTURES
Dollars per barrel , five trading days WASHINGTON 
Oil prices jumped to a record Thursday as a drooping dollar and inflation fears led investors into commodities .
The price of a barrel of light , sweet crude for delivery in April rose $ 2.95 , or 3 % , to a record $ 102.59 .
The move came as the dollar continued to fall , hitting a new low against the euro at $ 1.5215 .
The dollar is at its lowest against a basket of major currencies since at least 1973 , when exchange rates began floating , according to the Federal Reserve .
Meanwhile , in his second day in a row of testimony on Capitol Hill , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke continued to argue that he expects inflation to ease .
Bernanke 's comments came a few hours after the government said a key inflation gauge rose at a 4.1 % annualized rate in the last three months of 2007 , up from a 1.8 % rate in the third quarter .
He dismissed talk that the USA could be facing stagflation , which is marked by strong inflation and a stagnant economy .
But he acknowledged rising prices for energy , food and other commodities were making the Fed 's job of boosting the economy harder .
A falling dollar tends to push up the price of oil largely because it makes imports more expensive .
That , in turn , leads to heightened inflation expectations .
Investors seeking a hedge put money into commodities such as oil .
But that carries its own price , notes Darin Newsom at market analysis firm DTN .
" These investors are trying to protect against the coming inflation that the lower dollar means … but by doing so , they are causing the inflation that they are most afraid of , " he says .
" Money is pouring into commodities . "
Bernanke , however , said oil prices are unlikely to rise in 2008 at the same 50 % rate as in 2007 .
That would help lead to a moderation in price pressures .
" The current inflation is due primarily to commodity prices , oil and energy and other prices that are being set in global markets , " Bernanke told the Senate Banking Committee .
" Those prices are likely to stabilize , or at least not to continue to rise at the ( recent ) pace . "
The Fed chief noted that policymakers in Washington may have less ability to respond to the economic slowdown than they did when recession last struck in 2001 .
Inflation is higher , making it harder for the Fed to cut interest rates out of fear that juicing up the economy will further spark price pressures .
Seven years ago , the United States had years of projected federal budget surpluses .
That gave Congress more room to cut taxes and enact other expansionary fiscal policies .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The AFL - CIO and its community arm , Working America , just released their 2008 Health Care for America Survey .
Most of the 26,419 online respondents are insured , employed , and college graduates — those , the report explains , most likely to react positively to America ’s health care system .
But with its pie charts and tables , enhanced by 489 “ heart - wrenching stories about the effects of this broken health care system on them and their families , ” the report is like a PDF version of Michael Moore ’s movie “ Sicko . ”
Of course , it ’s to be expected that many of those who took part were prompted by the chance to air their grievances .
One of the premises on which Senators Clinton and Obama are running is the extent to which they feel our pain .
In fact , Hillary consented to an in - depth interview on her plans for universal health care with Kevin Sack of the New York Times .
When taking either of their plans into consideration , one must first disabuse him or herself of the notion that , if implemented , you ’re going to walk into a doctor ’s office like in England and out again with nary an exchange of cash nor any paperwork .
Both Obama and Clinton ’s versions of “ universal ” coverage call for a bill that would require Americans to buy health insurance .
Require ?
Who does n’t want health insurance ?
A few twenty - somethings too blinded by their partying to picture the illnesses they ’re courting ?
For many others , the heart is willing , but the pocketbook is weak .
Then Sack writes , “ Mrs. Clinton said she would like to cap health insurance premiums at 5 percent to 10 percent of income . ”
We ’re not trying to pick on Hillary — she ’s catching enough grief as it is — but that does n’t sound like much in the way of relief .
Sacks adds : “ She has previously said that garnishing wages would be one option ” to guarantee participation .
Garnishing wages ?
Already you can feel yourself hyperventilating .
It ’s like finding out after an emergency room visit that the attending physician was n’t on your plan .
Or when doctors shoot bills — which by all rights should be sent to your insurance company — out to you like baseballs from a pitching machine .
It ’s not quite as bad as all that .
“ Refundable tax credits would help make the newly mandatory policies affordable for low - and middle - income workers , ” Sack writes .
Also , “ Government insurance similar to Medicare would be available to all consumers . ”
And , of course , Hillary “ would require insurers to cover every applicant regardless of age or health status . ”
Meanwhile , Obama at least understands that concerns about premiums is paramount .
Mandating coverage only for children , he opposes requiring us to buy insurance until it ’s affordable .
To achieve that end , Hillary suggests rolling back President Bush ’s income tax cuts for those who earn more than $ 250,000 a year .
Not to mention taxing everybody ’s favorite whipping boy , the smoker .
But there ’s one cost - cutting measure that Hillary , Obama , or , for that matter , anyone championing universal health care wo n’t touch .
As one of the respondents to the Health Care for America Survey said , “ Everybody deserves high quality , affordable health care . ”
That ’s an easy sentiment to sign on to to .
But do n’t “ high quality ” and “ affordable ” operate at cross-purposes to each other ?
In other words , measures such as increasing taxes and reducing administrative costs — such as dismantling the apparatus devoted to denying claims — may not be enough to shore it up .
In fact , it ’s time to ask ourselves :
Does universal health care really mean that we ’re entitled to all the health care in the universe ?
A critical factor sending health - care costs rocketing into the stratosphere is medical technology .
For example doctors prescribe tests , MRI ’s and CT scans like they ’re handing out candy at Halloween .
While reassured , the patient ca n’t help but suspect that the doctor ’s underlying motive is either the promise of kickbacks from the medical technology industry or bullet - proofing the doctor from malpractice suits .
Is there a way to intercept this knee - jerk response on the part of doctors in hopes of keeping costs down ?
Yes , but it requires a leap of faith from a public conditioned to believe that the technological assigns a precision and accuracy to our random existences which we can no longer do without .
Besides , to many of us , prosecuting a successful malpractice suit is the equivalent to winning a state lottery .
What if we freed doctors from concern about medical malpractice except in the face of criminal negligence ?
In other words , to keep costs down why not enable them to diagnose the old - fashioned way — by using their know - how and experience ?
But the faith of doctors in technology rivals that of their patients .
Like pilots who are instrument - rated , the last thing they want to do is turn the clock back to the days when they flew by the seat of their pants no matter what the visibility .
Their diagnostic muscles , if ever developed , may have have long - since atrophied .
In full hyperventilation mode by now , we ask , “ What ?
Trust doctors ? ”
That ’s a barometer of how far health care in America has fallen in our eyes .
Does n’t anybody remember those halcyon days when we trusted no one more than our doctor ?
FRESNO , CALIF . -
In a case that proves that size really does matter , 3M Co. has agreed to pay almost $ 700,000 to settle a Fresno County case that alleged the company sold undersize adhesive tapes .
Fresno County prosecutors made their case stick by showing that 3 M 's Scotch and Tartan brand adhesive and packaging tapes were 6 percent narrower than advertised .
" They knew what the width was , and they seemed to want to exaggerate it , " said Alan Yengoyan , the Fresno County deputy district attorney who prosecuted the case .
Under the settlement announced Thursday , 3 M agreed to change its labels .
It also will pay Fresno County $ 600,000 in civil penalties and an additional $ 75,000 into a state trust fund to benefit county and state weights and measures offices .
The company also will pay $ 18,000 to the state Department of Measurement and Standards , which investigated the case .
In settling the case , 3 M did not admit liability or guilt .
Company officials could not be reached for comment Thursday evening .
The case involved violations of the state and federal Fair Packaging and Labeling Act , Yengoyan , said .
A tape that was labeled for " 1 - inch use " measured 0.94 of an inch .
That 6 percent deficiency also showed up on the company 's other tape products .
" There is a required dimension for the exact measurement to be put on products , " Yengoyan said , " We are increasingly finding it is not always done . "
Yengoyan said inspectors from the Fresno office of the state Department of Measurement Standards brought it to the county 's attention .
The investigation began in 2006 , Yengoyan said , and 3 M and the county have been in settlement negotiations since last summer .
Yengoyan said the company did give the county information about its production lines , saying , " 3 M was cooperative , even though they did not agree to admitting any wrongdoing . "
MCCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS
In a dastardly move that has n't been attempted since Nintendo plopped a few mushroom sprites on top of the Japanese game Doki Doki Panic ( translation - Roots : The Videogame ) and called it Super Mario Brothers 2 , this installment of VGA has stolen Photoshop Phriday 's format to highlight some terrific images created by the Something Awful Games Forum Goons .
Like every classic tale , it all began when forum member Yabanjin posted a thread about Team Fortress 2 .
He noted that while many of the game 's achievements are fairly easy to unlock , several of them are darn near impossible .
With that in mind , he urged everyone to come up with new achievements that just about anyone would be able to get .
Our first round of achievements come from Yabanjin himself , an incredible accomplishment for someone who has never played Team Fortress 2 .
Infinitum completely misses the point , creating an impossible goal for all but the most skilled gamers .
SunChips forgets a very basic concept that schoolchildren learn in Final Fantasy magic shops .
To Tyrion , it 's a small price that he 's willing to pay .
Zenmaster sees hardhats every time he closes his eyes , and every tome he opens them .
If he could do it all over again , he 'd just get the normal contact lenses .
localtalent just wo n't shut up about the new Macho Man Randy Savage spoken word album .
( CNN ) --
Two months before her death , former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto sent an e-mail to her U.S. adviser and longtime friend , saying that if she were killed , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf would bear some of the blame .
Bhutto was assassinated after the campaign rally , seen here , Thursday .
more photos »
She cited his government 's denial of her request for additional security measures after the October suicide bombing that targeted her upon returning to Pakistan from exile .
" Nothing will , God willing happen , " she wrote to Mark Siegel , her U.S. spokesman , lobbyist and friend .
" Just wanted u to know if it does in addition to the names in my letter to Musharaf of Oct 16nth , I wld hold Musharaf responsible .
I have been made to feel insecure by his minions and there is no way what is happening in terms of stopping me from taking private cars or using tinted windows or giving jammers or four police mobiles to cover all sides cld happen without him . "
Bhutto was seeking to become prime minister for a third time when she was assassinated ; her death comes exactly two weeks before Pakistan 's January 8 parliamentary elections .
Watch Siegel describe her concern and the reaction of Pakistan 's U.S. ambassador »
Article Correction
An earlier version of this report incorrectly attributed a quote to Mark Siegel , Benazir Bhutto's U.S. spokesman .
The quote : " She was moving almost in a sea of humanity .
No system in the world can protect you against that , " was from Ambassador Mahmud Ali Durrani .
Pakistan 's ambassador to the U.S. , Mahmud Ali Durrani , on Thursday insisted Musharraf 's government provided the former prime minister with unprecedented security .
He said that terrorists and extremists , who also have targeted Musharraf , were the only ones responsible for her death .
Watch a report on security provided to Bhutto »
Bhutto wrote the e-mail on October 26 , eight days after at least 130 people were killed and hundreds more wounded in Karachi by the suicide bombing that occurred as Bhutto 's motorcade passed .
Siegel forwarded that e-mail to CNN's Wolf Blitzer , with instructions he not report on it unless Bhutto was killed .
Just before returning to Pakistan after eight years of self - imposed exile , Bhutto told CNN she was aware of threats against her and said that some had come from people who hold " high positions " in Pakistan 's government .
She said she had written a letter to Musharraf about her fears , apparently the same letter she refers to in her e-mail to Siegel .
In a speech , she listed four groups she believed posed the biggest threat to her and her cause -- the Taliban in Pakistan , the Taliban in Afghanistan , al Qaeda and a suicide team from Karachi that she did not describe .
After the October bombing , she accused elements in the government and security services of trying to kill her and asked Musharraf for " basic security , " including vehicles with tinted windows and private guards in addition to police guards .
Three United States senators repeated the request in a letter to Musharraf .
Bhutto was concerned by the lack of security she had upon her arrival in Karachi and called the October 18 bombing " very suspicious , " Siegel said .
He accused Pakistani authorities of not investigating the assassination attempt and of refusing Bhutto's request for Scotland Yard and the FBI to aid in the investigation .
Bhutto and her husband had asked for jammers to impede the detonation of bombs ; special vehicles with tinted windows ; and four police vehicles to surround her at all times , Siegel said .
" She basically asked for all that was required for someone of the standing of a former prime minister , " Siegel told CNN 's " The Situation Room . "
" All of that was denied to her .
...
She got some police protection , but it was sporadic and erratic . "
Bhutto was concerned the problem was worsening as the January elections neared , Siegel said .
At the time of the October suicide bombing , Bhutto was riding in a truck from Karachi's airport to the tomb of Mohammed Ali Jinnah , founder of Pakistan .
She had moved from the roof to inside the bulletproof , armed vehicle just moments before the blast and was unharmed .
CNN 's Dan Rivers , in Karachi to cover her return to Pakistan , remarked at the time that her security appeared to be loose , saying his crew was able to walk up to the side of her vehicle without being stopped by authorities .
Durrani , Pakistan 's ambassador to the U.S. , insisted security surrounding Bhutto then was more than adequate .
" There were , I think , a sea of security people , " he said .
" She was surrounded by police vehicles .
And had it not been one of the police vehicles which took the blast in Karachi , unfortunately she would have died there .
" There was a bubble around her of security .
The PPP [ People 's Party of Pakistan , Bhutto's party ] insisted that they have their own private loyalists around .
They were there too .
And there were about 7,800 to 8,000 security people deployed just for that , " Durrani said .
" That is more security than anybody deploys anywhere in the world . "
" She was moving almost in a sea of humanity , " Durrani said .
" No system in the world can protect you against that . "
Bhutto " is not a security person , " he said .
" She 's a politician .
I think the government of Pakistan provided her all the security that was necessary .
You tell me -- the way she was hit , she would have been hit with tinted windows or without , or without the IED ... so it 's just a blame game . "
After the October attack , Bhutto said police offered to let her use a helicopter for the trip from the airport , but she told them she wanted to be near her people .
She said she did not regret that decision .
" She believed in democracy , and she believed in speaking to the people , " Siegel said .
" It 's not reckless to go out and touch the people .
Do n't blame the victim for the crime .
The person that was supposed to be protecting Benazir Bhutto and the other candidates was the government of Pakistan with the government of Pervez Musharraf . "
Blitzer noted that Bhutto was shot Thursday while standing out of her vehicle 's sunroof -- seen by some as a a reckless action after the October incident .
Getty Images senior staff photographer John Moore , who was at the scene of her assassination , told CNN he was surprised at Bhutto 's actions , considering the earlier suicide attempt .
The rally was smaller than expected , he said , and the people he spoke with said they " were just afraid to come out , for the simple reason that they all remembered what happened in Karachi . "
Siegel grew emotional as he told Blitzer that Bhutto was " the bravest person I ever knew .
...
She knew that there were risks coming back , but those risks were important , she thought , for the fight for democracy . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Pervez Musharraf • Benazir Bhutto
Do n’t get stuck with impossible insulation or a failing furnace .
Instead , use these savvy ways to save energy and freeze out the frost by looking :
For every degree you set back your thermostat back , you ’ll save 3 % on heating costs .
Try these easy ideas :
Under doors
Place a rolled bath towel under a drafty door .
Why ?
According to the U.S. Department of Energy , decreasing drafts can reduce your energy use by 5 to 30 percent .
On the ceiling Reverse the direction of your ceiling fan to push warm air downward .
In the basement Clean your furnace filter once a month during the heating season for increased
airflow , and consider switching to a permanent filter , which traps around 88 percent of debris .
Online Free stuff ?
Sure !
Some states offer energy - saver incentives , like free programmable thermostats and insulation upgrades .
Visit
the Database of State Incentivesfor Renewables and Efficiency ( dsireusa.org ) for potential deals .
In the garage Mount snow tires on a spare set of used wheels .
With increased traction , you will have better stopping power .
Around the house Rearrange furniture to make sure heating vents are n’t blocked .
In the attic Make sure you have at least 12 inches of insulation lining your attic to keep heat from escaping through the roof .
Get out of the cold this season with these cheap winter vacations !
Sources : thedailygreen.com , MSN Real Estate , shekell.com , movingmavins.com , Family Handyman , House Smarts TV , bargaineering.com .
Photo : Eric Bean / Getty Images
Serbs set fire to UN and police vehicles at Jarinje
Hundreds of protesters torched customs and police posts at Jarinje and Brnjak , manned by UN and Kosovo police .
Closing the borders will infuriate both Kosovo Serbs and Serbia 's government , says the BBC's Nick Thorpe in Kosovo .
The move cuts Kosovo 's mainly Serb north off from Serbia , the country to which they insist they still belong .
Nato said it was shutting the crossings , initially for a 24 - hour period .
Bulldozers and explosives
The protesters arrived in convoys of cars and buses in what our correspondent says was clearly a carefully planned and coordinated action .
Kosovo police and UN customs officials were forced to withdraw to a nearby tunnel as the crowds used bulldozers and explosives to demolish the border posts , according to witnesses .
Nato - led peacekeepers from K - For were called in and US , Estonian and French troops sealed the two border crossings .
Serbia 's minister for Kosovo , Slobodan Samardzic , said his government intended to take control of the customs posts to establish what he called the fully authority of Serbian statehood .
' Second Kosovo '
The attacks on the crossings and the Nato response put the international community on a collision course with both Kosovo Serbs and the Serbian government , our correspondent says .
KOSOVO PROFILE
Population about two million Majority ethnic Albanian ; 10 % Serb Under UN control since Nato drove out Serb forces in 1999 2,000 - strong EU staff to take over from UN after independence Nato to stay to provide security
EU fired up by Kosovo Anger mounts in Mitrovica Full text : Kosovo declaration
He says that what is emerging on the ground is a second Kosovo .
Students in the Serb - dominated town of Mitrovica are organising daily protests at 12.44 pm , referring to UN Security Council resolution 1244 under which Serbia insists it still has sovereignty of Kosovo under international law .
In Pristina , Dutch diplomat Pieter Feith began his task as the EU 's special representative to Kosovo .
Mr Feith - who will head the international civilian office due to take over from the UN - insisted that the EU mission would be deployed throughout Kosovo despite Serb hostility .
" We need to reach out to the Serb communities here in Kosovo and we are , of course , in touch with Belgrade , " he said .
A 2,000 - strong EU police and justice mission will take shape in the coming weeks .
' Encouraging separatism '
Russia has sharply criticised Brussels ' role in Kosovo .
Foreign Ministry spokesman Mikhail Kamynin said that by " pursuing the unilateral scenario of solving the Kosovo problem ... the European Union encourages separatism in the world " .
He was speaking after EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana became the first international statesman to visit Kosovo since its independence declaration on Sunday .
STANCE ON RECOGNITION For : Germany , Italy , France , UK , Austria , US , Turkey , Albania , Afghanistan Against : Russia , Spain , Romania , Slovakia , Cyprus
Send us your comments
The US , Britain , France , Germany and Italy have all recognised the new state , but others have not .
The UN Security Council is divided over how to respond to Kosovo 's move , and it has failed to agree on any action .
China has expressed its deep concern and official media in Beijing announced that a further small deployment of UN peacekeepers would be sent to Pristina next month .
Ambassadors recalled
On Monday , the Serbian parliament passed a resolution condemning Kosovo 's declaration of independence .
The resolution also formally annulled the acts of the government in Pristina , saying Belgrade 's sovereignty over Kosovo was guaranteed by the UN and international law .
In a separate move , Serbia has recalled its ambassadors to the US , France and Turkey because those countries had recognised Kosovo 's independence .
EU member states set aside differences over the recognition of Kosovo earlier this week by stressing that it was not a precedent for separatists elsewhere .
Spain and several other member states have withheld recognition because of concerns about separatist movements within their own borders .
Serbian security forces were driven out of Kosovo in 1999 after a Nato bombing campaign aimed at halting the violent repression of ethnic Albanian separatists .
The province has been under UN administration and Nato protection since then .
Who Can You Insure for Life Insurance ?
If you 're considering buying life insurance you may be wondering - Who can you insure for life insurance ?
Can you obtain a life insurance policy on some one other than your spouse or child ?
Yes , you may be able to buy life insurance on a person who is not your spouse or child .
You can obtain life insurance on anyone with whom you have an insurable interest .
There must be an insurable interest for you to take out life insurance on another person .
One way to determine insurable interest is whether you rely on that person for financial support , or a living situation .
Each person has an insurable interest in his or her own life , and therefore can select anyone as a beneficiary .
Examples of Insurable Interest include :
Family Members - Parent and child , husband and wife , brother and sister have an insurable interest in each other because of blood or marriage .
Creditor - Debtor relationships give rise to an insurable interest .
The creditor can be the beneficiary for the amount of an outstanding loan .
Business relationships give rise to an insurable interest .
An employee may insure the life of an employer , and an employer may insure the life of an employee .
To be certain you may take out life insurance on a specific person , you can e-mail the insurance company you want to get coverage through and ask them to verify in writing ( by e-mail ) that you can take out a life insurance policy on the person you are interested in insuring .
Life Insurance Quotes
Top Pick – JRC Insurance Group
JRC Insurance Group helps you shop , compare and save on life insurance .
Regardless of your age or health background , we 'll shop our 40 + insurance companies and find you affordable life insurance you need to protect your family and fit your budget .
Compare the best life insurance rates for savings up to 73 % .
Get Your FREE Quote
Highly Recommended – Globe Life Insurance
$ 1* Buys $ 100,000 Globe Life Insurance for Adults or Children
No Medical Exam - Simple Application .
No Waiting .
Buy Direct .
Rates as Low as $ 3.49 per month .
Join 4.2 Million Policyholders .
No Phone Required .
No Credit Required .
No Agent Involved .
Can I Buy Life Insurance for My Grandmother ?
Who Can You Insure for Life Insurance
I had driven out of home for a business meeting in Mumbai on an overcast rainy afternoon on Tuesday .
Mumbaites are used to torrid monsoon rains that routinely flood its roads and bring all public transport to a halt .
So it was no big deal that I was venturing out for work on a grey , rainy afternoon like most of the people in this go - go city .
I was on the way to Bandra when I joined a queue of cars , and instantly realised that the rain had thrown the traffic out of gear .
No big deal , I thought .
It happens every monsoon .
Then I got struck in the gridlock on SV Road near the Milind Subway .
It was half past four in the afternoon .
I had already spent an hour and a half trying to negotiate through the traffic .
A radio jockey was even holding out the promise of rain - soaked stranded Mumbaites meeting potential partners during the long , rainy night
For the next 10 hours , till two in the morning on Wednesday , I was stranded in my car .
I had been a bit luckier than many of my fellow travellers - my driver had pulled the car into a lane and parked it there .
As the hours passed , I realised that I had gotten myself in a big mess - Mumbai had been inundated , everything had come to a halt , there were power outages .
Cheery radio
The rain was slapping ferociously on the wind screen , the sky was inky black , there was darkness all around , and the city 's cheery FM stations spewed romantic Bollywood rain songs on the car radio .
Nearly one - third of Mumbai is under water
In pictures
A radio jockey on one of the stations was even holding out the promise of rain - soaked stranded Mumbaites meeting potential partners during the long , rainy night .
I laughed and looked at my watch .
It was 2am .
I decided to begin walking home - the sheer tedium of sitting in a cramped car was taking its toll .
Waddling out to through knee deep water , I ran into some friendly firemen who forbade me to walk further .
" It could be risky madam , " said one of them .
Then I saw three girls stranded in the water .
They said they had been walking for hours to get home , and were exhausted .
I took them back with me into my car .
Help
Suddenly a few men emerged out of the darkness and knocked on the car window .
Stranded passengers slept the night in the buses they were travelling
They had seen us in the car and were offering some snacks .
We were famished and took up the offer .
They took us to half - constructed building nearby and fed us .
There was a school bus packed with children nearby - the men had dropped some snacks for the trapped students .
Around three in the morning , we decided to finally begin our long march home through the swirling , near neck - deep water .
It was still pouring , and we could n't hold our umbrellas in the gale .
There was not a soul on the road when we held hands in the water and began walking .
One of the girls was shorter than us , so we asked her to walk along the road divider holding our hands .
People took out boats to negotiate water logged streets
As we waddled into the eerie , rain - whipped night , we felt like we were floating .
Water walk
As we walked on more and more people joined the trek , holding hands .
The water was black and greasy right up to our necks and swirled fast around our waists .
There were broken bottles floating all around .
I saw two Mercedes Benz cars and a Toyota Lexus floating in the water .
We crossed dark homes , and shops and police stations .
We met a lot of friendly firemen trying to keep order , but not a single policeman on the way .
Soon , it became a long , happy , wet trek as can only happen in Mumbai .
Our fellow - travellers , boys and girls , men and women , young and old , chanted hymns , sang songs , cracked jokes .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The unprecedented rains completely paralysed the city infrastructure
Ashwini Bhandary , Mumbai , India
Send us your comments
Some heartily sang " Just chill out , chill out " - a Bollywood ditty rocking the nation these days .
Others cracked the night 's best silly jokes - whenever they would come across a car floating in the middle of the road , they would shout : " No parking !
No parking please !
This is a traffic offence ! "
" Do n't feel ashamed , madam .
Hold my hand .
Bindaas pakro ( Hold me coolly ) , " said a young man in the queue lending a helping hand to a girl .
I saw a man sitting in a fancy car scooping out water with a small tiffin box - at this rate , he would never get out of the place .
Cars were stuck in the water
My rain girls sorority had now expanded to a few hundred people wading through the street .
In the middle , one of them actually met her husband wading through the night , and joined him happily .
Spirited city
I had forgotten the tiredness , the grime , the potential dangers that such flooding held .
It was a fantastic feeling , the sheer spirit of it all .
When I reached my home in Juhu around five in the morning on Wednesday , my four - year - old girl was happy to see me back .
My husband had stayed over at an office , and had been fed well .
The trek was an eye - opener , a testimony to the indomitable spirit of the city 's people .
Mumbaites have stopped expecting anything from the politicians who have never cared for them .
So when the city turned into a dangerous waterworld , they turned to each other and helped them out of the crisis .
It was business as usual , in a way .
It is just three weeks since Ms Rice 's last visit Israel and the Palestinian Authority have agreed to a series of " concrete steps " to ease Palestinians ' lives in the West Bank , US officials have said .
Israel has pledged to remove about 50 roadblocks in the West Bank , while the Palestinians have pledged to step up their efforts to " prevent terror " .
More than 500 other obstacles blocking Palestinian movement will remain .
The US statement came after Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice met Israeli and Palestinian leaders in Jerusalem .
Ms Rice is trying to re-energise the peace process , which was re-launched following a US - sponsored conference in Annapolis in November .
This is a program that will improve the daily lives of Palestinians and help make Israel secure
US state department
The negotiations appear to have lost all momentum and there has been little sign of tangible progress , the BBC's Jon Brain in Jerusalem says .
Late on Saturday , an Israeli air strike killed two Palestinian militants near Jabaliya in the northern Gaza Strip .
The territory has been controlled by the Islamist movement , Hamas , since June .
Hamas is shunned both by the US and Israel , which consider it a terrorist group .
Movement restrictions After Ms Rice held talks with Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad and Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak , the US state department issued a statement saying the two men had " agreed on concrete steps to implement the road map " , which envisages the creation of an independent Palestinian state .
" This is a programme that will improve the daily lives of Palestinians and help make Israel secure , " it said .
The US statement said Israel had " pledged to reduce the impediments to access in movement in the West Bank " .
OBSTACLES TO PEACE
History of negotiations Jerusalem Water Refugees Borders and settlements " This will begin with the removal of about 50 roadblocks and immediate steps to upgrade checkpoints to reduce waiting time without compromising security , " it added .
The statement did not mention which roadblocks would be removed , saying only that Israel would focus on " points of special immediate emphasis " .
Israel maintains hundreds of checkpoints , roadblocks and other barriers in the West Bank , which it says are necessary to prevent attacks on Israel and Jewish settlements .
Palestinians say the restrictions constitute collective punishment .
UN officials have said the number of obstacles in the West Bank has increased since the peace process was restarted last year .
The US said the two sides had also agreed that Palestinian security forces had to assume " greater responsibility " for security in the West Bank .
Six hundred Jordanian - trained members of a security force loyal to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will be allowed to deploy to the northern West Bank city of Jenin and " work to prevent terror " , it added .
Like always , the formula is to do whatever we can as long as it does n't affect our own security
Tzipi Livni
Israeli Foreign Minister
The statement also said the two sides had agreed to take new steps to promote economic development in the West Bank , and to build new housing for Palestinians in 25 villages in the region .
After meeting Ms Rice earlier on Sunday , Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni said her government was prepared to act " to ease the lives of the Palestinians " in the West Bank .
She also backed the idea of offering compensation to Israeli settlers who voluntarily want to leave their homes in the West Bank .
Ms Rice then flew to the Jordanian capital , Amman , for a meeting with President Abbas .
She is hoping significant progress can be achieved before US President George W Bush 's visit to the region in May .
Mr Bush has expressed confidence in a framework peace agreement being reached before he leaves office in January .
However , few Israelis or Palestinians share his optimism , our correspondent says .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Thursday , May 8 , 2008
Doctors have condemned as corporate " intimidation " a court decision ordering a chief medical examiner to remove any reference to the use of a taser as an antecedent in the deaths of three men .
Ohio examiner Dr. Lisa Kohler had noted in her autopsy reports that electrical shocks from Tasers were partially to blame for the deaths of individuals in three separate confrontations with police .
Taser International , now notorious for it ’s stern legal defense having won 68 out of 68 lawsuits , filed and won a civil suit , forcing Kohler to delete all mentions of the weapons and to term the deaths " accidental " .
Jeffrey Jentzen , president of the National Association of Medical Examiners , an organization that represents the majority of medical examiners in the United States , has warned that the actions of Taser International and the court ruling have set a dangerous precedent :
" Our membership is very concerned about these cases and the reaction of Taser to these cases , " he said last night .
" Our membership is looking into the area and although Taser has developed its own opinion , there are certainly opposing opinions as to their involvement in causing sudden death in individuals .
" Our organization feels that it violates the physician ’s ability to make a medical decision .
Ordering a professional physician to change or alter their records is in violation of their right to practice medicine .
" Taser has sued a number of medical examiners for making informed medical opinions in an attempt , I think , to both protect their product and send a threatening message to medical examiners .
" It is dangerously close to intimidation , " he said .
" They are attempting to send a message to medical examiners that if they elect to make that determination they may face a civil suit . "
Dr. Matthew Stanbrook of the Canadian Medical Association ( CMA ) also voiced his concern over the legal ruling , stating that the decision fails to take into account the difficulty of determining an exact cause of death in almost every case .
" If we were required to have at the level of scientific and medical certainty that something was the cause of death , before we were permitted to declare it , most of the people who died in North America would have died of unknown causes , " Stanbrook said .
" It is a physician making their best judgment given all the facts available . "
Stanbrook has called for an independent review of the stun guns and has intimated that most of the existing research into the effects of the weapon has been carried out by , or at the behest of , Taser International itself .
Steve Tuttle , Taser ’s vice - president of communications responded to the comments stating :
" Taser International ’s products have been demonstrated by numerous medical studies to be safe and effective .
Taser International therefore aggressively defends our products in all litigation brought against the company with the best legal , scientific and medical expertise available . "
Despite Tuttle ’s claims , many scientists and doctors have raised concerns about possible links between Tasers and potential heart and respiration problems , mental health and an individual ’s state of exhaustion or agitation in confrontations with authorities .
Taser International CEO
Rick Smith told CBC
News in January that medical examiners had to be sure of their facts because if they made what he called a careless opinion , they will be held accountable in court .
However ,
It is not just physicians that are raising such concerns .
Amnesty International has also cited hundreds deaths around the world after Taser use and has called for a full taser suspension while a thorough investigation into the impact of the weapon is conducted .
More recently , a UN Committee said the stun gun " causes acute pain , constituting a form of torture " .
Deaths occurring where tasers have been used are now a daily occurrence , yet police and private security forces worldwide continue to be equipped with the weapons .
Recent reports have revealed that police are using the Taser as soon as someone displays a " fighting stance " or simply to get a non-violent suspect to do what they are told , rather than for their intended purpose as the last line of defense before lethal action .
Most recently police in Vancouver have been using the devices on transit fare dodgers .
As we previously reported , The Department of Homeland Security is now looking to evolve the technology in pursuing the introduction of a device known as the Security Bracelet , a wearable tag that would allow authorities to inflict pain compliance on suspects from a distance , while also recommending law enforcement applications and potential use in " crowd control situations " .
Many Civil Liberties Associations and police departments across North America have called for a moratorium on the weapons .
The stun gun is under particular scrutiny in British Columbia , Canada as part of an ongoing inquiry following the death of Polish immigrant Robert Dziekanski at Vancouver ’s airport in October .
Related : Another Meaningless Taser Death : Police Use Of Stun Guns Out Of Control
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - Iran plans to privatize 47 firms in its energy sector worth $ 90 billion and set up a holding company for these assets which it will list on four international exchanges , a National Iranian Oil Company ( NIOC ) executive said .
The plan would see the oil and gas companies put under an umbrella group to attract foreign investment , Hojatollah Ghanimi - Fard , director of international affairs at NIOC told the London - based Middle East Economic Digest ( MEED ) .
He said the firms would also be listed in Tehran by 2014 .
“ We decided the Iranian stock exchange may need to have some support financially from outside stock exchanges , especially for the oil sector , because the money involved is too much ( for Iran ) , ” Ghanemi - Fard told the magazine , without naming the firms .
Iran , the world ’s fourth - largest crude exporter , tried to revive its stalled privatization plan in 2006 by ordering the floating of 80 percent of several firms .
But it said the upstream oil sector and key banks would remain in state hands .
The 2006 list included NIOC subsidiaries , such as Petropars , set up in 1998 to help develop part of Iran ’s huge South Pars gas field and which has since signed energy deals in Venezuela .
Other NIOC subsidiaries included Petroiran Development Company and North Drilling Company .
Firms affiliated to Iran ’s petrochemical industry were also on the list .
Deals have already been signed to list the holding company on markets in two of Iran ’s neighbors and two Asian countries , Ghanemi - Fard said , adding that more details would be given by the end of March .
He declined to name the exchanges .
“ Today , the valuation award is something close to a $ 90 billion book value , ” Fard said .
“ But at the time they go to the stock market , based on the bidding you will see from those that want to buy it , the total amount will be more than that . ”
28 marzo 2008
Climbing these ice waterfalls at Vail can be extremely dangerous .
Adrenaline courses through the bodies of climbers as they look , necks craning , to the lofty heights of a frozen waterfall .
As you can see at the following video , routes on this climb are prime examples of technical ice climbing and should only be attempted by the knowledgeable and well trained :
Via The Fang in Vail ( Colorado ) is a world famous ice pillar that forms on exceptionally cold winters .
Then , when the weather drops , these cascades turn into a giant pillar of ice : a 50 meters high column and about 8 meter large at the base .
Climbing these ice waterfalls at Vail can be extremely dangerous .
Adrenaline courses through the bodies of climbers as they look , necks craning , to the lofty heights of a frozen waterfall . [ 1 ]
As you can see at the following video , routes on this climb are prime examples of technical ice climbing and should only be attempted by the knowledgeable and well trained : Via Vision Beta ( nice blog )
Deceit , thy name is woman .
Most females lie “ more cleverly and successfully than men ” about everything from infidelity and facelifts to barhopping and shopping binges , according to a new book .
“ Women lie as a survival technique , but also to get what they want , ” said Susan Shapiro Barash , author of “ Little White Lies , Deep Dark Secrets : The Truth About Why Women Lie , ” published by St. Martin ’s Press this week .
Barish said a Rockland County woman stripped of her secrets on Fox TV ’s reality show “ Moment of Truth ” last week proves her research true .
Lauren Cleri , 26 , admitted on air she had cheated on her NYPD cop husband and preferred an ex-boyfriend .
But she failed a polygraph , and lost $ 200,000 , by answering “ yes ” when asked if she believed she was a good person .
“ It supports my thesis that women are talented at lying – but perhaps not enough to pass a lie - detector test , ” Barash said .
Barash interviewed 500 women nationwide who answered her Craigslist ads seeking females to confide what they fib about .
Among her findings :
* 75 percent lie about how much money they spend .
For instance , they sneak purchases inside their homes after shopping or hide the price tags .
* 50 percent harbor “ mixed feelings about mothering . ”
One told Barash , “ I look at these children and I crave sleep and free time .
They wear me out and make me jealous of working women who have no children , no husbands . ”
* More than 60 percent cheated on their husbands .
A 32 - year - old mother conducted her trysts while telling her trusting husband she was working late .
Even in asking for a divorce , she withheld the truth : “ I did n’t say I had fallen for another man .
He was better off with my lies . ”
Many women use the “ betterment lie , ” as Barash calls it , as a means to an end .
A 30 - year - old model romanced a middle - aged married man for the money .
After snagging him , she faked her affections : “ I say ‘ I love you , ’ and do n’t mean it . ”
Some lie to cover up childhood incest or domestic abuse , or taboo behavior like drinking , gambling or Internet - porn addiction .
More than 80 percent believe in “ beneficial lying . ”
A New Jersey mom does n’t tell her well - behaved daughter about her own wild teen years of marijuana and partying .
Urban women favor the “ competitive lie , ” Barash said .
“ You lie about money and cosmetic surgery .
Your out - of - work husband is a ‘ consultant . ’
You embellish your kids ’ accomplishments , or downplay their SAT tutoring . ”
In the “ lying to yourself ” category , the book mentions Hillary Rodham Clinton , who as first lady went on TV to blast the Monica Lewinsky scandal as a political attack against her husband .
She later acknowledged Bill ’s cheating .
Others lie because “ there ’s too much to lose , ” Barash said .
Rudy Giuliani ’s wife , Judith , guarded a secret that she was married twice , and not once , previously .
The truth , which Rudy apparently knew , hit the front pages when he ran for president .
susan.edelman@nypost.com
Scientists have discovered a new mode of sight in a most unusual creature : a primitive marine crustacean known as the mantis shrimp .
Until now , it was believed that animals could see only the intensity , color and – in a few species – the linear polarization of light .
But in a study published today in Current Biology , researchers showed that the mantis shrimp , a fancifully nicknamed stomatopod whose unique evolutionary path began some 400 million years ago , perceives what 's known as circular polarized light .
They are the first organisms to demonstrate this ability .
Linear polarization refers to light with photons traveling along parallel , up - and - down wavelengths .
By contrast , circular polarized light – CPL for short – has photons traveling in parallel , rotating wavelengths .
It occurs rarely in nature but is widely used in high - tech communications .
Researchers say that understanding the eyes of mantis shrimps could help engineers design better CPL systems .
Many satellite systems rely on circular polarized light , as do devices that amplify radio signals , because CPL 's tightly rotating configuration reduces data losses during transmission .
( When an antenna sports something that looks like a tightly wound spring , that 's for CPL . )
It could someday be used in mobile phones – invisible to our eyes , but not to the machines that detect it .
Human applications aside , the discovery of a new type of sight is a landmark unto itself , and the mantis shrimp is an odd but deserving history maker .
" Since they branched off from animals so early , their evolution took them in unique directions , " said study co-author Tom Cronin , a visual physiology researcher at the University of Maryland , Baltimore County .
" We used to call them shrimps from Mars , because their biology is so different from any other animal . "
Like insects and other crustaceans , mantis shrimps possess compound eyes composed of thousands of rows of light - detecting units called ommatidia .
These are especially refined in mantis shrimps , containing a mix of photoreceptors and filters that let them see 100,000 different colors – 10 times more than can be detected by humans .
Two decades ago , Cronin , along with co-authors Justin Marshall at the University of Queensland and the University of California , Berkeley 's Roy Caldwell , noticed that sections of the mantis shrimps ' ommatidia are arranged at a slant .
This suggested an ability to detect circular polarized light , in which photons follow a corkscrew path and ostensibly enter the ommatidia at a correspondingly slanted angle .
After finding a species that seemed to send signals with a CPL - reflecting patch of exoskeleton , the researchers decided to test whether the shrimps ' oddball ommatidia really registered the light .
First they hooked severed eyes to electrodes to measure whether the cells energized when hit with circularly polarized light ; they did .
Then they trained the shrimps to associate CPL - reflecting boxes with food .
The shrimps passed the test with flying colors .
Cronin said the shrimps probably use CPL to communicate during sexual and territorial encounters , though he does n't know why they evolved such a one - of - a - kind system .
Further research may illuminate those origins – and , Cronin said , could help scientists refine their use of CPL in computer screens and signal transmission , where its tightly rotating configuration lends itself to loss - free transmission .
" We 're now looking at the molecular diversity of the visual pigments that create these visual analysis cells , " said Cronin , whose lab is partly funded by the signal - hungry Air Force .
Not everyone was so enthused about the practical applications of the shrimps ' vision .
" The mantis shrimp system is pretty much the way it is done in optical technology , so I 'm afraid there is not a lot to be learned here , " said Mike Land , a vision researcher at the University of Sussex .
But Justin Marshall disagreed .
" We invented this a few years ago , and stomatopods [ invented it ] 400 million years ago , " he said , noting that CPL is used in detecting skin cancer .
" They have honed and perfected a system that we could learn from . "
Richard Eskow is CEO of Health Knowledge Systems ( HKS ) in Los Angeles , which provides services to the healthcare and workers ’ compensation industries .
Through Eskow and Associates , Richard is also a consultant specializing in healthcare and insurance , IT , strategic planning , and communications .
Most clients are in the IT and health - related industries , although Richard has also worked with NGO ’s , state and national governments , and in the entertainment industry .
Richard had senior executive positions at several Forture 500 firms and was CEO of two medical management companies before forming HKS .
He also served as a senior consultant to the World Bank , the U.S. State Dept / USAID , and government and private entities in over 20 foreign countries .
Areas of expertise included health policy , healthcare investment , operations , marketing , and strategic planning .
His professional bio is here .
But who says the popular vote counts in choosing a nominee ?
Those are not the party rules , as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi pointed out on ABC ’s “ This Week ” on Sunday .
“ It ’s a delegate race , ” Pelosi said .
“ The way the system works is that the delegates choose the nominee . ”
The Obama campaign knows the Clinton campaign has no intention of accepting that .
And the Clinton campaign has already sold — with mild success — the notion that the leader in the popular vote has some claim to the nomination .
If Clinton manages to get a popular vote lead , she will use that to persuade party insiders — the 794 so - called superdelegates — to give her the nomination .
A front - page story in The New York Times on Sunday quoted two undecided superdelegates as saying the popular vote will be something they consider in deciding for whom to vote .
And Wolfson made clear to me that what the Obama campaign considers “ commandeering , ” the Clinton campaign sees as a legitimate path to victory .
“ I think the automatic [ i.e. , super ] delegates are going to make their assessment on a number of different criteria , ” Wolfson said .
“ The overall delegate count , the popular vote , momentum , states won by each candidate [ not just the number , but the size ] , the coalitions of each candidate , who matches up best with John McCain , and who would be the best president . ”
The Obama campaign says it is willing to compete on every front , but it views the Clinton strategy as one of desperation .
“ They are throwing long , ” Axelrod told me .
“ They are running up whatever roadblocks they can .
She has her sight set on this nomination as a personal goal , and she has been tenacious — as we would expect — in pursuit of that goal . ”
But , Axelrod believes , there can be a downside to such tenacity .
“ This is an election in which , fundamentally , people want change and being the consummate Washington inside player does n’t convince people that this is change we need , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think our voters ’ attitude is that we should win at all costs and through all means .
I do n’t think that is what our folks believe . ”
Which is a very high - road way of looking at things .
But does the high road always lead to the White House ?
WaPo :
... McCain applied to be certified for federal matching money last year , when his campaign was running on fumes .
But unlike former North Carolina senator John Edwards , McCain never actually took the federal funds .
He was merely preserving that option .
Once his campaign started to take off , he wrote to the FEC requesting to withdraw from the program .
The reply from the FEC , [ short version : no ] dated Feb. 19 and released by the FEC today , will almost certainly come as a shock to the campaign , which assumed McCain had withdrawn from the public system two weeks ago and was now free to spend money without regard to federal limits .
The reason this matters so much ?
Life within the public financing system , in which candidate contributions are matched with federal funds , comes with severe spending restrictions .
Restrictions that neither Obama nor Clinton have , because they did not take matching funds with their accompanying spending limits during the primary season .
NPR :
Then , McCain 's campaign fell on hard times .
He applied for the primary - season matching funds .
The Federal Election Commission approved the application , but McCain never cashed in his certificates .
Instead , McCain went to a bank and received a line of credit .
As Potter notes , McCain did not put up the public - financing certificates as collateral .
But then the McCain campaign renegotiated for a bigger line of credit .
The loan documents said that if McCain lost the New Hampshire primary and finished more than 10 points behind the winner , then he would have to stay in the race and reapply for public funds , which would become the new collateral .
Lawyer Cleta Mitchell has long criticized McCain 's role in overhauling campaign - finance laws .
Pointing to the terms of the loan , she accuses McCain of gaming the system .
" They got another million dollars with , really , no additional collateral , other than a promise that if he did n't do well , they 'd go get it from the federal government , " Mitchell says .
Insert Campaign Finance Reform joke here , if there are any .
McCain says it 's totally legal , but that 's like my neighbor saying his dog 's poop does n't stink and actually makes my lawn look better .
He flip - flopped on whether he was going to use the funds , and then used the promise of matching funds as collateral for loans .
It simply stinks , Senator .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In the early states such as Iowa and New Hampshire , the presidential candidates pushed hard for victories that would yield few delegates but garner them momentum and media buzz , and separate them from the rest of the pack .
But now that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have reached February 5 ’s almost - nationwide primary , they ’ve adopted a new strategy : pushing for “ close enough . ”
It ’s a product of the all - powerful but little - understood role of delegates in deciding primary elections .
In this historic and unique election , the technical details of how delegates are awarded may have more to do with choosing a Democratic nominee than all the media buys , GOTV operations , and newspaper endorsements put together .
Under Democratic
Party rules , states divide their delegates proportionally according to vote totals at the state and district level .
The rules for awarding delegates are very complex and vary from state to state ( which will make figuring out the true results of Super Duper Tuesday a challenging task for the media ) .
But in most places , the system works like this : say four delegates are up for grabs in a congressional district ; if one candidate wins 30,000 votes in that district and the other wins 20,000 , both will take home two delegates .
In the example , one candidate won 60 percent to 40 percent — a very substantial victory .
But in order to give three delegates to the winner and a single delegate to the loser , the final vote would have had to be closer to 75 / 25 .
The less unfair but still imperfect way to divide the district ’s four delegates is to give two to the winner and two to the loser .
This creates a focus on districts that have an odd number of delegates .
Districts which , through the quirks of state party rules , have five delegates will give three to the winner and two to the loser in even a 51/49 split of the popular vote .
This also creates a powerful incentive for the candidates to do what they can to come close even in states and districts they expect to lose .
Consequently , Obama is running ads in New York and campaigning in the tri-state area , Hillary Clinton ’s backyard , and Bill Clinton is campaigning in Illinois , where Obama should win big .
As a general rule of thumb , the second - place candidate only has to draw a meager 30 - 40 percent of the vote in a state to be guaranteed roughly half the state ’s delegates .
This means that if there is no blowout on February 5 , and no one is currently expecting one , all of these state contests could produce a close delegate count that propels the race into late February and March — if not beyond .
In fact , it is possible that Hillary Clinton could win the popular vote by small margins across the country ( and have what looks like a sweep on Wolf Blitzer ’s giant electronic map ) and yet be tied in or behind in the delegate count .
“ The reality is we really are in a delegate - by - delegate battle , ” Guy Cecil , Clinton ’s national political and field director , has said .
“ At the end of the day , this is a delegate contest , ” says David Plouffe , Obama ’s campaign manager .
For Obama , who is trailing in the polls in most February 5 states , this means he does not have to come out the winner .
He need only survive .
After February 5 , the primary schedule returns to normal — that is , it stretches out — and candidates will have the opportunity to focus on individual states and work voters thoroughly before they go to the polls .
This is a format that benefits Obama .
The early states all showed the same pattern : Obama trailed Clinton in the polls for months , presumably due to “ low - information voters ” identifying their preference to pollsters based primarily on name recognition and loyalty to the Clinton brand .
But when Obama had weeks to campaign in a state ( sometimes just days ) , he closed the gap rather quickly , either winning the state or finishing a close second .
Moreover , Obama has been tallying endorsements and building on - the - ground machines recently that match or surpass Clinton ’s impressive operation .
After February 5 , Obama will have four days to campaign in Louisiana and Nebraska .
( Delegate - poor Maine , voting a day later , will likely receive only token interest . )
Then he ’ll have three days to devote to the Potomac Primary of Maryland , Virginia , and the District of Columbia .
Next , he ’ll have five days to campaign in Washington and Wisconsin ( Hawaii , voting the same day , is where Obama grew up and likely wo n’t require much of his face time ) .
After that , if Obama still has a fighting chance at the nomination , he has two weeks before the bonanza primaries on March 4 in Ohio and Texas ( Rhode Island and Vermont also vote that day ) .
For the rest of March , only Wyoming and Mississippi hold primaries , meaning the April 22 Pennsylvania primary could be decisive .
The schedule might well help Obama , but it probably helps the Republican nominee more than anyone .
That ’s because the Republican Party has winner - take - all rules in many large February 5 states .
So if John McCain beats Mitt Romney by 1 percent in New York state ( though he is expected to win by much more than that there ) , he gets all of New York ’s 101 delegates .
In all likelihood , the Republican race will be decided by February 6 or shortly thereafter .
The Republican nominee will then have weeks , if not months , to hone his message , raise money , and rest up before the Democratic nominee emerges .
These rules put Romney at a severe disadvantage , primarily because Mike Huckabee is expected to contend strongly in the South .
If Romney takes a close second to McCain in New York and New Jersey and takes a close second to Huckabee in Missouri and West Virginia , he will get zero delegates .
Under the Democratic rules , he ’d still be very much in the game .
In the Democratic race , there is a possibility that the delegate count will be so close going into the convention that super delegates will matter .
Super delegates are Democratic governors , members of Congress , and other party luminaries who each have single vote .
There are 796 of these super delegates , and they compose about 20 percent of the total delegates .
Exact counts vary , but Hillary Clinton has the support of roughly 200 super delegates , and Barack Obama has the support of about 100 .
Super delegates are not technically bound to vote for anyone , and can switch their support at any time , including at the convention .
If the Democrats reach that point , they ’ll be entering uncharted territory .
John Edwards will be under intense pressure to instruct his small handful of delegates to support a candidate , and the delegates will be under intense pressure from the campaign that does n’t get Edwards ’ endorsement to disregard the former Senator ’s instructions ( which they are allowed to do ) .
Clinton will likely make a major push for seating the delegates she won in Michigan , where her only competition was “ uncommitted , ” and in Florida , where campaigning was banned .
And delegates pledged for Obama and Clinton will come under pressure to defect .
When an individual seeks to become a delegate , he or she is usually a very active member of a candidate ’s campaign at the state or local level .
The candidates essentially hand - pick their delegates .
But once the delegates get to the convention , they are only required , under Democratic Party rules , to “ in good conscience reflect the sentiments of those who elected them . ”
That means they can cast a ballot for any candidate they choose .
In this year ’s Democratic convention , they may actually have more than one option .
Download Download
MSNBC is reporting that according to an e-mail they received , Senators Diane Feinstein and Charles Schumer have caved and WILL vote for Michael Mukasey , President Bush 's Attorney General nominee .
Contact Feinstein and Schumer and tell them that a man who can't say if waterboarding is torture and believes the president is above the law is not an acceptable choice to lead the Department of Justice .
More from the Associated Press :
Sens . Charles Schumer and Diane Feinstein say they will vote for Attorney General - nominee Michael Mukasey , which likely gives him enough support to pass the Senate Judiciary Committee .
Their decision came shortly after the chairman of the committee , Patrick Leahy , D - Vt. , announced he would vote against Mukasey , a former federal judge .
" This is an extremely difficult decision , " Schumer said in a statement , adding that Mukasey " is not my ideal choice . "
Glenn Greenwald :
My neighbor got a tattoo .
After examining the bluish - green lizard on his teenage bicep , I said with my usual tact and sensitivity , " Hope you like it 30 years from now . "
My neighbor looked a bit glum .
Buyer 's remorse , perhaps .
" So do I , " he said .
The thought had obviously occurred to him .
For now he says he does like it .
Kind of .
Except it 's a little dark , bluer than he wanted , not as green .
" Maybe it'll lighten up over time , " he told me .
Or maybe it wo n't .
The essence of tattoos is indelibility .
That 's the basis of their appeal .
They are a way of saying , " Unlike the rest of you wimps out there I 've got the guts to transform my body forever .
This proves conclusively what a daring person I am . "
But does it ?
At heart , getting tattooed is a profoundly conservative act .
With them we announce , " I am so sure I will always be who I am today that I 'm going to decorate my body with indelible ink . "
In tribal cultures , tattoos are a symbol of eternal belonging to one 's tribe .
In our fragmented society , where belonging is based more on common interests , tattoos reflect those interests .
But interests change .
And when they do , we are left with a tattoo that tells the world who we used to be .
My friend Gilah , the mother of two grown children , has a colorful Gila monster tattooed on the back of her neck .
One wrist sports the logo of her beloved Pittsburgh Steelers .
Gilah likes displaying that tattoo , but wishes the Gila monster would disappear .
She calls getting it one of her greatest regrets .
For one thing , Gilah 's come to like birds and fish better than reptiles .
" Given the chance to undo this one , I would , " Gilah tells me , " – in a heartbeat . "
Doing so , however , would cost lots of money , several visits to a laser - wielding dermatologist , and considerable discomfort .
Aesthetically speaking , I like Gilah 's Gila monster .
Some tattoos are attractive , artistic even .
But that 's beside the point .
I can't think of a work of art this side of the Mona Lisa that I 'd want displayed on a wall of my home for the rest of my life , let alone on my skin .
Those who get tattooed do n't see it that way .
Far from being a conservative act , they consider it bold .
A tattoo tells the world that you do n't think in timid terms .
Perhaps your parents did , but you do n't .
Want some proof ?
Check out my tats .
This is n't my father 's skin you 're looking at , pal .
But separating from one 's parents is n't that simple .
Parent - child tattoo dynamics are complicated .
By getting a star tattooed on his arm in his mid-20s , author Nicholas Weinstock ( " Secret Love of Sons " ) thought he was laying claim to his own body , much as astronauts claimed the moon by placing a flag in its surface .
His mother did n't see it that way .
" What were you thinking ? " she asked when Weinstock showed her his tattoo .
On reflection , he was n't sure .
Nor had he thought through the implications .
Once he did , Weinstock came to realize that by tattooing himself he'd also tattooed her .
What the interest - based tattooed tribe overlooks is that the wheel turns .
Just as they identify themselves as not - their - parents through body art , their kids will identify themselves as not - their - parents by pristine skin .
In a few short years tattoos will be the visual equivalent of " hubba hubba " and " 23 skidoo . "
Within a generation or two , nothing will say " hopelessly out of it " more clearly than indelible body art .
( Stock tip : invest now in tattoo - removal technology . )
When the children of today 's tattooed generation become parents themselves , body art will be pathetically passé .
Something my folks got done .
Old - fogey stuff .
Like a grey Elvis pompadour or a balding man 's ponytail .
With tattoos , as with so many attempts to display our boldness , what we get is not always what we sought .
• Ralph Keyes 's book " Retrotalk " will be published this year .
Comment Late last week , the US Federal Communications Commission revealed that the battle for the much - discussed 700 - MHz wireless spectrum played out just as The Register suspected .
Verizon won the coveted C Block , but it was Google that pushed bidding past the FCC 's reserve price , officially hooking an " open access requirement " to this prime portion of wireless real estate .
But one question remains : Did Google have any interest in actually winning those airwaves for itself - or was that open - access - pushing bid merely the final move in an epically - Machiavellian scheme to force Verizon into a wireless personality transplant ?
Considering that Google bid more than $ 4.7bn to push the C Block auction past the reserve price , the truth is somewhere in - between .
" They probably had an interest in winning at that price , " one auction insider told us .
" With these auctions , people are pretty serious about their bids .
If you 're going to put down $ 4.7bn , presumably you can convince your stake holders that it makes sense . "
But you 'd have to say that Google could n't be happier with the way the 700 - MHz auction played out .
At the very least , the company had no interest in running its own wireless network .
If it had won the C Block , you can bet that Google would 've licensed the spectrum to someone else and let them run things - as the company seemed to indicate when lobbied the FCC to open - up the 700 - MHz band .
You see , Google is n't wireless carrier material .
Running a nationwide wireless network is a low - margin endeavor with little reward outside the endless penny shaving .
Google merely wanted to ensure that the C Block was open to any device and any application - whoever won the airwaves .
With an open access requirement in place , it can shove all sorts of Google apps onto American cell phones - and use those apps to serve up all sorts of online advertising .
Eric Schmidt and company have a knack for making money with online advertising .
Remember , Google is also calling for open internet on an unlicensed portion of the US wireless spectrum .
A day after the FCC revealed the 700 - MHz winners and losers , Google fired a new letter ( PDF ) at the commission , detailing its plan for transmitting data over the country 's television " white spaces " - portions of the TV spectrum that are n't used for broadcasting .
Under this plan , there is no wireless carrier .
With the right devices , anyone could use those white spaces in much the same way they use Wi-Fi .
Google does n't care how you connect to the mobile web - as long as it can toss you those ads .
With a post to The Official Google Rhetoric blog , the company seemed to indicate it was nothing but pleased with the outcome of the 700 - MHz auction .
" Although Google did n't pick up any spectrum licenses , the auction produced a major victory for American consumers , " wrote Richard Whitt , Google 's Washington telecom and media counsel , and corporate counsel Joseph Faber .
" We congratulate the winners and look forward to a more open wireless world .
As a result of the auction , consumers whose devices use the C - block of spectrum soon will be able to use any wireless device they wish , and download to their devices any applications and content they wish .
Consumers soon should begin enjoying new , Internet - like freedom to get the most out of their mobile phones and other wireless devices . "
Then these legal minds promised that the company would have more to say on the matter " in the near future . "
And a company spokesman told us this would come on April 3 , after the FCC releases auction participants from its anti-collusion rules .
Will Google admit that it was never interested in winning its very own airwaves ?
That it played Verizon the way it plays the online ad market ?
We doubt it .
But you can bet Eric Schmidt and company will continue to toy with the big - name American telco .
Now that the open access requirement is in place , the trick is getting Verizon to follow it . ®
It was more than twenty years ago that Rick Astley 's Never Gonna Give You Up first topped the charts .
" Never gonna say goodbye , " he crooned in his surprisingly basso voice - and who knew how right he was .
Today we 're in a different century , a different millennium , a very different era than the one that first offered up twerpy , earnest , high - waistbanded Astley .
But his song , and its video in particular , have found new life in the time of YouTube .
Never Gonna Give
You
Up is at the centre of one of the internet 's hottest memes - and if you have n't already fallen victim , it 's only a matter of time .
It 's called the " rick - roll " .
You 're innocently browsing an apparently useful website and see a link to something else that might be of interest , but when you click through to that destination you instead find yourself confronted with Astley 's boyish smile , his manly croon , his awkward 1987 dance - moves .
The link was a fake , a trap , a dummy with the nefarious purpose of ... bringing you face - to - face with the ridiculous .
As with so many stupid internet fads , the rick - roll trend had its start at 4 chan , a message - board whose lunatic , juvenile community is at once brilliant , ridiculous and alarming .
4 chan users had taken to " duck - rolling " each other - tricking one - another into viewing a video of a , er , duck with wheels .
In the spring of 2007 some enterprising prodigy branched off from this into the rick - roll .
And the rest is history .
The internet began to swarm with rick - rollers - from Slashdot to the World of Warcraft , and certainly to Wikipedia .
At YouTube , one posting of the video has had more than seven million views since last May ; you can be assured that few of these were intentional .
There are online databases of fake rick - roll URLs , and countless jokers have created sham web - browser plugins purporting to block rick - rolls while instead sending visitors to you - know - what .
Of late , however , rick - rolling has begun to permeate the mainstream .
It comes mostly courtesy of Anonymous , a diffuse group of hackers and activists who have declared war on the Church of Scientology in an initiative called Project Chanology .
Organised without official leaders or hierarchy , Project Chanology manifests itself in Denial Of Service attacks against Scientologist websites , stupid YouTube videos , and in - person protests at Scientologist centres worldwide .
At recent protests in New York , Washington , London and Seattle , masked protesters held up boomboxes and chanted the Stock Aitken Waterman lyrics which Astley made famous .
" Never gonna let you down ! " they roared , in a live rick - rolling of the Church of Scientology .
Their cleverest move however is at AnonymousExposed.org , a website created this week that perfectly mimics the subtly different Anonymous - Exposed.org , created by Scientologists as an indictment of Anonymous ' " cyber- crimes " .
Of course instead of showing an anti-Anonymous documentary , the mimic site displays - well , we 'll let you have a guess .
But the final word goes to Rick Astley himself .
Click here to watch our exclusive interview with Astley .
The singer , now 42 , has forceful words for Anonymous , Scientologists , and all those who have prolonged the rick - roll phenomenon .
To publicize the re-release of teen fiction series Sweet Valley High , Random House Children 's Books sent a letter to journalists highlighting the changes made to the content of the 1980s paperbacks .
New cover girl Leven Rambin ( pictured ) was not mentioned , but just to make sure preteen and teenaged girl readers are sufficiently insecure about their bodies , the publisher made the " perfect " clothing size a couple of notches more restrictive .
It seems kids in the 80s lived by totally fat standards .
Also , Sweet Valley
High students now have their own anonymous blog , presumably to hatefully bully the fattest of their classmates .
Here 's a helpful chart from the Random House letter , followed by the letter itself :
Full letter :
Saudi women rely on relatives or chauffeurs to drive them around
Members of the Committee of Demanders of Women 's Right to Drive Cars plan to deliver a petition to King Abdullah by Sunday , Saudi Arabia 's National Day .
Correspondents say the demand is likely to be rejected , as conservatives argue if women are allowed to drive , they will be able to mix freely with men .
The issue of women driving has recently become the subject of public debate .
This is a right that has been delayed for too long
Fawzia al - Oyouni
Two years ago , a member of the Consultative Council sparked a heated debate when he pointed out there was nothing under Islamic law or the constitution that justified the ban , and that the council ought to discuss ways of lifting it .
Mohammed al - Zulfa 's comments later prompted the Saudi interior minister to dismiss calls for the ban to be lifted , saying the country had other priorities .
' Social issue '
The current driving ban applies to all women in Saudi Arabia , whatever their nationality .
It was originally unofficial , but became law after an incident in 1990 , when 47 women challenged the authorities by taking their families ' cars out for a drive .
After strong criticism from the Saudi religious authorities , the women were jailed for one day , their passports confiscated and many lost their jobs .
A founding member of the Committee of Demanders of Women 's Right to Drive Cars , Fawzia al - Oyouni , said its electronic petition would highlight what many Saudi men and women consider a " stolen right " .
" We would like to remind officials that this is , as many have said , a social and not religious or political issue , " she told the Associated Press .
" Since it 's a social issue , we have the right to lobby for it . "
" This is a right that has been delayed for too long . "
King Abdullah has in the past said that he thought a day would eventually come when Saudi women were allowed drive .
in /tech / haskell
Recently , Reg Braithwaite wrote about Object#andand , a method for chaining computations that can fail .
It ’s not clear from his post if he realizes it ( maybe he considers it a completely uninteresting observation ) , but he ’s become the latest person to reinvent monads .
In Haskell , his proposed && . operator is spelled >>= ( and is significantly more general , as he ’s really only created the Maybe monad ) .
By Matthew Davis
BBC News
China has stepped up its censorship of information in recent days
The anti-Chinese protests are an extremely sensitive issue for Beijing , which is desperate to avoid bad publicity only months before the Olympic Games .
In recent days , TV broadcasts have been blacked out , websites blocked or censored by China 's keyword filtering system and reporters on the ground prevented from reaching the region .
The degree of censorship appears to be fluctuating and uneven , however .
On Friday - said to have been the worst day of violence in Tibet since demonstrations in 1989 - the first few live interviews on BBC World with correspondent Daniel Griffiths were blocked from local transmissions .
But repeat broadcasts of these interviews were allowed to go ahead .
In one particular hour , correspondents talking about Tibet from London could be seen on screen , but when the story shifted to a BBC correspondent in India , TV sets in Beijing went black .
None of us are doing anything illegal .
It 's just that it 's very easy for officials in the hinterlands to stop us and ask endless questions , creating delays , or simply bar us from entering areas for unspecified security reasons
Tim Johnson
Foreign journalist
Chinese media toe party line
On Monday and Tuesday , such censorship appeared to be less frequent .
Yet one line in a piece on Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao 's news conference , by the BBC's Quentin Somerville , appears to have irked the censors .
When our reporter said : " Overnight , China 's deadline passed for protesters in the city to stand down - there 's no immediate word on the fate of those involved in the protests " , the transmission was momentarily blocked .
Other broadcasters like CNN have also been affected - with transmission blocked , and reporters obstructed , amid tight controls on physical access to Tibet , which is off - limits to foreign reporters without a permit .
Writing on Tuesday for CNN's In The Field blog , correspondent John Vause said he and his crew were intercepted by Chinese police , some 300 km from Ngawa county in Sichuan province , where Tibetan exile groups claim Chinese security forces have killed protesters .
" It had to happen - sooner or later they were going to find us and stop us .
This morning they did .
Chinese police , armed with those almost toy gun-looking small calibre machine guns pulled us over , asked for passports , and told us this was the end of the road , " he writes .
Earlier , on the China Rises blog , journalist Tim Johnson noted : " We foreign reporters all take precautions .
We have to switch vehicles often .
Some of us swap out sim cards in our mobile phones , or just turn them off .
That way , authorities cannot triangulate mobile phone signals and figure out our locations .
" None of us are doing anything illegal .
It 's just that it 's very easy for officials in the hinterlands to stop us and ask endless questions , creating delays , or simply bar us from entering areas for unspecified security reasons . "
' Connection reset '
Such posts are very often invisible to the estimated 137 million internet users inside the country , however .
TIBET DIVIDE China says Tibet was always part of its territory Tibet enjoyed long periods of autonomy before 20th century 1950 : China launched a military assault Opposition to Chinese rule led to a bloody uprising in 1959 Tibet 's spiritual leader the Dalai Lama fled to India
Q&A : China and Tibet International reaction Tibet adds to Olympic woes
China operates a sophisticated keyword filtering system to censor internet content , which is capable of spotting homonyms and synonyms and even some kinds of rogue punctuation that internet users might use to sidestep the censorship .
Baidu , is the search engine most used by the Chinese - but this is heavily censored .
When the BBC tried searching on Google inside China for stories about " Tibet " , the latest news stories about the protests were listed , but the stories themselves were not opening .
Searching on " Lhasa " brought up an error message saying " Connection was reset " - a familiar end to many searches for information about the protests .
In recent days sites like Yahoo and Youtube have also been similarly affected .
However , while there are strong efforts to stem the flow of information , the proliferation of blogs , chatrooms and mobile phones has helped information about Tibetan protests to stream out .
Jeremy Goldkorn , editor of Danwei.org , which monitors China 's media , said that new technology had forced the authorities to promptly acknowledge such events .
" They can not lock down a disaster anymore , " Mr Goldkorn told news agency AFP .
" Before the internet , it was possible in China to isolate an area because ordinary people did not have access to information , but that is not possible now . "
' Glossed over '
Meanwhile , Chinese state media has been giving very different accounts of the violence than those found outside the country .
Chinese analysts have accused Western media of sympathising with the Tibetan people , giving prominence to critics of China 's policies and reporting that hundreds of Tibetans have been injured by the security forces .
For the last few days , the state media has described the protesters as a small , politically - motivated group of criminals .
State television has shown images of injured civilians in hospital , saying they were beaten or burned by the mob .
The security forces have been painted as innocent victims .
At Premier Wen 's news conference on Tuesday , he was asked four questions on Tibet by foreign journalists .
The state news agency Xinhua reported the government line about calm returning to Lhasa , while many other newspapers and web portals glossed over the issue , saying merely that the premier answered many questions , including on the Tibet issue , our correspondent says .
But analysts say the reporting of the protests is shaping attitudes within China , which were generally unsympathetic to Tibetans to start with .
The Chinese authorities have poured billions of dollars into building houses and big infrastructure projects in Tibet .
Many Chinese view the region as a backward place which they are generously paying to develop .
They also view the Olympics as a focus of intense national pride .
Attempts to undermine China 's big moment are likely to spark anger .
The BBC's Jill McGivering says the differing perceptions of the violence are having a tangible effect on relations between China and the West .
In many ways they confirm the worst fears of both sides , she says .
The Western version of events fuels the belief that Beijing is still a repressive government , willing to use brutal methods to crush opposition .
In China , media reports match concerns that the world is ignorant , eager to demonise China and may even want to contain its rise , our correspondent says .
ATLANTIC CITY , N.J. ( AP ) ?
She was an ambitious lawyer and TV commentator who starting going to Atlantic City casinos to relax , and soon was getting high - roller treatment that included limousines whisking her to the resort .
Arelia Margarita
Taveras says she was even allowed to bring her dog , Sasha , to the blackjack tables , sitting in her purse .
But her gambling spun out of control :
She said she would go days at a time at the tables , not eating or sleeping , brushing her teeth with disposable wipes so she did n't have to leave .
She says her losses totaled nearly $ 1 million .
Now she 's chasing the longest of long shots : a $ 20 million racketeering lawsuit in federal court against six Atlantic City casinos and one in Las Vegas , claiming they had a duty to notice her compulsive gambling problem and cut her off .
" They knew I was going for days without eating or sleeping , " Taveras said .
" I would pass out at the tables .
They had a duty of care to me .
Nobody in their right mind would gamble for four or five straight days without sleeping . "
Experts say her case will be difficult to prove , but it provides an unusually detailed window into the life of a problem gambler .
" It 's like crack , only gambling is worse than crack because it 's mental , " said Taveras , 37 , a New Yorker who now lives in Minnesota .
" It creeps up on you , the impulse .
It 's a sickness . "
She lost her law practice , her apartment , her parents ' home , and owes the IRS $ 58,000 .
She said she even considered swerving into oncoming traffic to kill herself .
In interviews with The Associated Press , Taveras admitted she dipped into her clients ' escrow accounts to finance her gambling habit .
She was disbarred last June , and faces criminal charges stemming from those actions , but is trying to work out restitution agreements in order to avoid a prison term .
Her lawsuit names Resorts Atlantic City , Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino , Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort , the Tropicana Casino Resort , the Showboat Casino Hotel , Bally 's Atlantic City , as well as the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas .
The casinos deny any wrongdoing , maintaining in court papers that Taveras brought her problems on herself .
Casino representatives either declined to comment for this report or did not respond to repeated requests for comment .
Last month , a judge dismissed the Trump casinos , the Tropicana , Showboat and Bally 's from the lawsuit on technical grounds , but allowed Taveras to refile the suit against them by April .
The suit remains in effect against Resorts and MGM because its allegations against them were more specific .
Joe Corbo , president of the Casino Association of New Jersey , said casino workers undergo extensive training on spotting problem gamblers and referring them to help , including a self - exclusion list the state maintains .
Gamblers can voluntarily bar themselves from casinos , either for a few years or for life .
While they 're on the list , casinos cannot solicit them .
Dan Heneghan , a spokesman for the state Casino Control Commission , said 663 people are on the list .
" This can be a delicate situation , and it comes down to an individual 's personal responsibility , " Corbo said .
" We can only suggest that they receive assistance and provide information how they can obtain help , but it is up to them to commit to seek it . "
Paul O'Gara , an attorney specializing in Atlantic City gambling issues , said it will be difficult for Taveras to prove that the casinos knew she had a problem but ignored it .
" How are you supposed to know whether this was a woman who was just having a good time , or had money and was just lonely , as opposed to someone who could n't control themselves ? " he said .
Arnie Wexler , the former head of the Council on Compulsive Gambling of New Jersey , estimates there are 5 million problem gamblers in the United States , with 15 million at risk of becoming compulsive .
" Hers is not a rare case , believe me , " said Wexler , who says he had a gambling problem .
" This is the most powerful addiction you can have without putting something into your body .
You remember your first big win , and you think ` Hey , I can do this again ; I can get it all back . ' "
As a young lawyer , Taveras made a name for herself representing the families of victims of American Airlines Flight 587 , which crashed in New York City 's borough of Queens in November 2001 , killing 265 people .
Her practice had 400 clients and earned her $ 500,000 a year .
She appeared on TV and radio to discuss legal issues , wrote a guidebook for women dealing with deadbeat dads in the court system , titled " The Gangsta Girls ' Guide To Child Support , " and was a regular contributor to Hispanic culture Web sites .
In 2000 , the New York Daily News named her one of " 21 New Yorkers to Watch in the 21st Century . "
As an escape from the seven - day - a - week pressures of her law practice , she started going to Atlantic City to unwind in September 2003 .
During one five - day gambling jag at Resorts in June 2005 , Taveras says , she existed on nothing but orange juice and Snickers bars that the staff gave her .
On the fifth day , she said , a dealer told her to go home because she appeared exhausted and unable to keep track of her cards .
Taveras spent nearly a year in clinics to treat her gambling addiction .
She filed her lawsuit last September , representing herself , and is now working at a telephone call center in Minnesota .
" Everybody says ` You gambled and you enjoyed yourself , then lost your money and now you want it back , ' " Taveras said .
" They think gambling is fun .
It is n't , believe me .
Not when you get like I did . "
[ Via - WCCO.Com ]
NASCAR fan gets posthumous spin around the track
NJ Students Punished for Penny Payments
Why So Few People Saw The Housing Bubble Coming .
13 Stupid Ideas That Made Millions of Dollars
MoveOn.org claims to have 3.2 million members , and said it would start a campaign immediately to persuade them to support the senator from Illinois .
Mr Obama is vying with New York Senator Hillary Clinton to be the Democratic Party 's candidate for president .
Election contests for both parties are held in more than 20 states on " Super Tuesday " next week .
Mr Obama has won more delegates than Mrs Clinton from the Democrats ' contests so far , but polls suggest Mrs Clinton will have the edge in the states that vote on Super Tuesday .
Our members ' endorsement of Senator Obama is a clear call for a new America at this critical moment in history
Eli Pariser
MoveOn.org executive director
For the Republicans , Senator John McCain has emerged as the front - runner after winning the primary election in Florida .
His main rival is former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney .
Super Tuesday could be decisive for the Republicans , as in many states the winner of the contest takes all of the delegates on offer .
In the Democratic race , however , states award their delegates according to the proportion of the vote won - meaning the tight battle could continue for weeks .
' Desperate for change '
MoveOn said 70 % of its members had backed Mr Obama over 30 % for Mrs Clinton .
" Our members ' endorsement of Senator Obama is a clear call for a new America at this critical moment in history , " said MoveOn executive director Eli Pariser .
He says MoveOn 's goal is to bring " progressive values " to Washington ,
" Seven years of the disastrous policies of the Bush administration have left the country desperate for change . "
Mr Pariser said America needed its next president " to end the war in Iraq , provide health care to every American , deal with our climate crisis , and restore America 's standing in the world " .
In another development , a mobile advertising company is to begin a campaign to urge New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg to run for president as an independent .
The billionaire Mr Bloomberg has insisted he does not intend to run , but a van set to drive the streets of New York next week proclaims him as : " The only presidential candidate that can't be bought . "
Will you be voting on Super Tuesday ?
Will these endorsements influence you at all ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
It 's been a year since the parents of a severely disabled child made public their decision to submit their daughter to a hysterectomy , breast surgery and drugs to keep the girl forever small .
Today , the couple tell CNN , they believe they made the right decision -- one that could have a profound impact on the care of disabled children worldwide .
The profoundly disabled girl known as Ashley , now 10 , has achieved her full height , 4 feet 5 inches .
" The ' Ashley treatment ' has been successful in every expected way , " Ashley 's parents told CNN exclusively in a lengthy e-mail interview .
" It has potential to help many others like it helped our precious daughter . "
While unwavering in their belief in the treatment , Ashley 's parents continue to insist on anonymity .
In the year since Ashley 's parents went public , not only did the hospital that sterilized Ashley admit it broke Washington state law , but also the doctor who treated Ashley committed suicide .
As scrutiny of the case deepens , so too does the chasm in the medical community :
Is it mutilation , with doctors " playing God " -- or , is stunting growth a liberating option for caregivers and the disabled children who will need constant care for the rest of their lives ?
Ashley is now 10 years old and , at 4 feet 5 inches tall , has achieved her full height and weight , 63 pounds .
The treatment permanently closed her growth plates and took more than a foot off her anticipated height .
" Ashley did not grow in height or weight in the last year , she will always be flat - chested , and she will never suffer any menstrual pain , cramps or bleeding , " say her parents , who felt it important to publicly address their decision after repeated interview requests , in the hopes of sharing their experience with other families .
They responded by e-mail only , to protect the family 's identity .
( Read the complete interview )
Ashley 's current state -- to them -- is the definition of success .
She was born brain - damaged , with a condition described as static encephalopathy , or cerebral palsy .
One of her doctors described her mental capacity as that of a 6 - month - old , dependent upon her parents to meet every need .
She does not walk or talk ; she 's fed through a tube and wears diapers .
When Ashley was 6 , her parents approached Children 's Hospital and Regional Medical Center in Seattle , Washington , for the operations .
They believed this would make it easier to cuddle and carry a child who can do little more than lie propped on a pillow .
Weight and height are the " worst enemy , " they write , for children such as Ashley , for whom they 've coined the term " pillow angels . "
In 2004 , Children 's Hospital performed a hysterectomy , removed Ashley 's breast buds and gave her high - dose estrogen to retard growth and sexual maturation -- a procedure that has risks , but to date has not harmed her , her parents say .
While the " Ashley treatment " was first published in the October 2006 issue of the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , it was n't until the family posted its blog last year that a firestorm erupted in the blogosphere , with responses from " inhumane " and " perverse " -- to " walk in our shoes . "
" If parents of children like Ashley believe this treatment will improve their children 's quality of life , then they should be diligent and tenacious in providing it for them , " her parents write .
" We have a sacred duty to do what we believe is right for our children . "
But in Ashley 's case , what her parents thought was right was n't legal .
In May 2007 , Children 's Hospital admitted it broke state law by giving Ashley a hysterectomy without a proper court review .
To perform any such treatment today would require a court order , as well as review by a panel of experts in medicine and ethics and people with disabilities , says Dr. Douglas Diekema of Treuman Katz Center for Pediatric Bioethics , the consulting ethicist on Ashley 's case .
So , will doctors stop the growth of more children like Ashley ?
Right now , no growth - attenuation therapy is being administered by other doctors anywhere in the nation , according to pediatric experts .
Supporters wonder whether another factor , the suicide in September of Ashley 's endocrinologist , Dr. Daniel Gunther , may have slowed wider adoption of the treatment .
" We know from reliable sources his treatment of our daughter was a source of energy and motivation for him , " Ashley 's parents write .
" He was frustrated about being blocked from providing this treatment to other children in need .
He strongly believed this treatment should be available to them . "
The family appears to be the lone voice with that opinion ; CNN shared the family 's comment with Children 's Hospital , but did not get a response .
In media reports , colleagues and family members were said to believe Gunther 's suicide was not related to the treatment of the girl .
Another complicating factor -- some doctors remain adamant the treatment should n't be available .
" Adults can consent .
But for a child , we 're making decisions for them and hoping in our heart of hearts we are making the right decisions , " says Dr. Nancy Murphy , chairman of the American Academy of Pediatrics Committee on Children with Disabilities .
Murphy will push for consensus among doctors at a pediatrics conference later this year , but acknowledges strong discord as critics continue to insist that keeping children small reduces them to a permanent infant - like condition , denying the basic human right to experience an adult body , adult feelings and adult relationships .
But for Ashley , that may be moot .
" [ This disability ] shatters the reason we become parents : to watch kids grow , to be part of their lives and to launch into their own lives , " says Murphy .
" When you have a child with lifelong dependency , you do n't get to launch your kid , and your caregiver options are limited . "
But like many other people with disabilities , 43 - year - old Anne Rader , who also has cerebral palsy but in a much less severe form than Ashley 's , sees the treatment as dehumanizing -- and perhaps most significantly -- irrevocable .
" The parents are not seeing the potential of the child ; they are seeing a baby , " says Rader .
" People with disabilities have to look at the potential of our lives : of available new technology , new equipment , medical advances .
Things can change so quickly now . "
Some ethicists , too , remain staunch in their assessment that the " Ashley treatment " is a violation of not only human dignity , but also of a physician 's oath to do no harm .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Cerebral Palsy
" I think mutilating surgery involving removal of breast buds is indefensible under any circumstances , " says Arthur Caplan , the chairman of the Department of Medical Ethics and director of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania .
" Growth retardation is not a substitute for adequate home aides and home assistance . "
Ashley 's parents remain convinced what they did for Ashley is the most loving choice they could have made for their daughter and want that for other disabled children .
" We feel that if our time and effort ended up helping a single pillow angel ... then it is worthwhile . "
E-mail to a friend
If Florida ’s delegates to the Democratic National Convention are n’t seated , about 1.7 million voters who participated in the state ’s primary will , in a way , be disenfranchised .
If Florida ’s delegates are seated , millions of Democrats who would have voted but did n’t because they ’d been told in advance that their vote would n’t count , would also effectively be disenfranchised .
( As the estimable Carl Hiaasen put it , “ It ’s like Major League Baseball waiting until midseason and then declaring that spring training games will count in the final standings . ” )
Either way , Democratic voters in one of the nation ’s biggest states would be screwed .
Florida
Dems could have another primary , but there are some major legal and financial restrictions .
They could try some re-vote - by - mail process , but no one is confident in the integrity of the system .
Everyone has been trying to think of something , but to no avail .
So , yesterday , Floridians gave up .
Setting the stage for a contentious fight well into the summer , Florida Democrats gave up Monday on redoing their Jan. 29 presidential primary , leaving it to the national party or rivals Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama to hammer out a solution to make the state ’s delegates count .
Florida Democrats , who had already closed the door on holding a full - scale conventional election or a caucus , scrapped the controversial vote - by - mail primary they had proposed less than a week ago as their best option , saying it just is n’t possible .
“ While your reasons vary widely , the consensus is clear : Florida does n’t want to vote again .
So we won’t , ” Florida Democratic Party Chairwoman Karen Thurman said late Monday in a letter to Florida Democrats .
Sen. Bill Nelson ( D - Fla. ) is still pushing a proposal to have the DNC simply cut the state ’s delegate totals in half ( instead of eliminating them altogether ) , but the Clinton campaign is reportedly opposed to the idea .
Obama supporters are offering an alternative , but it also seems a little too controversial .
[ Allan Katz , of Tallahassee , who supports Obama ] is recommending that the [ Democratic National Committee ’s rules and bylaws committee ] give Florida its delegates back — but award half to Clinton and half to Obama .
Florida activists would be allowed to participate in the convention , but the ground rules for the primaries would n’t be changed after the fact .
“ Fifty - fifty is the way to do it , and I do n’t think there ’s any other fair conclusion , ” Katz said .
“ Everyone agreed — Hillary Clinton agreed , Barack Obama agreed — that we were n’t selecting delegates in the Jan. 29 election , so how can we do that now ? ”
That has some advantages — Florida ’s delegates would at least be seated and recognized — but there ’s no way on Earth that the Clinton campaign would approve of a solution that erased her margin from the primary that was n’t supposed to count .
And what about Michigan ?
Michigan Democratic party leaders on Monday proposed legislation to conduct a new primary on June 3 to allocate the state ’s 156 delegates .
The election would be run by the state but be privately financed .
Mrs. Clinton , of New York , has agreed to the plan ; aides to Mr. Obama , of Illinois , have refused to commit to it .
It is more uncertain than ever that he will :
The party ’s rules may disqualify anyone who voted in Michigan ’s Republican primary from voting in the Democratic primary — including those who may be Obama supporters who voted Republican because his name was not on the Democratic ballot .
Michigan Democratic officials said the plan for a revote could not move forward unless both campaigns agreed to the proposal in the next day or so .
The Michigan Legislature then must approve any plan to conduct a statewide election , and state lawmakers are scheduled to begin a two - week recess on Thursday .
Even if the Obama and Clinton campaigns endorse the proposal , it still must win two - thirds support in both the State House , controlled by Democrats , and the Senate , which has a Republican majority .
The plan is also dependent on state party officials raising an estimated $ 10 million to pay for the new election .
I ’d just add that top Clinton strategist Harold Ickes blasted the Obama campaign for its hesitation to support the Michigan re-vote , insisting that the “ right to vote is the foundation of our democracy , ” and Michigan voters “ deserve to have a voice and a vote in the Democratic Party ’s nominating process . ”
Ickes , of course , is one of the DNC members who decided to strip Michigan of its delegates in the first place .
Get the sense that the campaigns , while touting principles , are really looking at this from purely self - serving interests ?
I do .
Top 45 Oxymorons
Now top 75 Oxymorons with additions by twitter people identified below
Some other fun stuff when you are done here :
45 .
Act naturally
44 . Found missing
43 . Resident alien
42 . Advanced BASIC
41 . Genuine imitation
40 . Airline Food
39 .
Good grief
38 . Same difference
37 . Almost exactly
36 . Government organization
35 . Sanitary landfill
34 .
Alone together
33 . Legally drunk
32 . Silent scream
31 . Living dead
30 . Small crowd
29 .
Business ethics
28 . Soft rock
27 . Butt Head
26 . Military Intelligence
25 . Software documentation
24 . New classic
23 . Sweet sorrow
22 . Childproof
21 . “ Now , then … ”
20 . Synthetic natural gas
19 . Passive aggression
18 . Taped live
17 . Clearly misunderstood
16 . Peace force
15 . Extinct Life
14 . Temporary tax increase
13 . Computer jock
12 . Plastic glasses
11 . Terribly pleased
10 . Computer security
9. Political science
8 . Tight slacks
7. Definite maybe
6. Pretty ugly
5 . Twelve - ounce pound cake
4 . Diet ice cream
3. Working vacation
2. Exact estimate
1. Microsoft Works
Adding more Oxymorons to the top 45 Oxymorons based on this twitter message : Oxymorons
46 . Jumbo Shrimp via @wbaustin
47 . Deafening Silence via @ PhoenixComedy
48 . Hotwater Heater via @tinkertoytech
49 . Forward Retreat via @wbaustin
50 . Open Secret via @wbaustin
51 . Bittersweet via @wbaustin
52 . Uniquely Similar via @wbaustin
53 . Civil War via @wbaustin
54 . Organized Mess via @wbaustin
55 . Smart Politician via @ Rauterkus
56 . Completely Unfinished via @wbaustin
57 . Partially Complete via @ DavidGleason
58 . Freezer burn via @wbaustin
59 .
Rock opera via @wbaustin
60 . Reality TV via @ KarenSloan
61 . Handsoff mentoring via @andybrwn
62 . Organic pesticide via @wbaustin
63 . legendary new novel via @jemyl41
64 . secondary headline via @jemyl41
65 . legend in his own time via @jemyl41
66 . clean dirt via @jemyl41
67 . sanitized soil via @jemyl41
68 . civil service via @BCLobbyist
69 . Great Depression via @alfabettezoupe
70 . Cold Sweat via @saiffe
71 . Latin America via @saiffe
72 . simply confusing via @cyndeZu
73 . Amtrak Schedule via @paulhyland
74 . Virtual Reality via @paulhyland
75 . Corporate Responsibility via @paulhyland
( Please feel free to add more in comments or via twitter in response to the tweet above or by @reply to @wbaustin )
Rush Hour
Some doubt the existence of a G spot at all
Some women say stimulating a certain part of the vagina triggers powerful orgasms , but medics have not been able to pin down the exact location .
Researchers told New Scientist magazine they found an area of thicker tissue among the women reporting orgasms .
But specialists warned there could be other reasons for this difference .
For the first time , it is possible to determine by a simple , rapid and inexpensive method if a woman has got a G spot or not
Dr Emmanuele Jannini
University of L'Aquila
The existence of the G spot has remained controversial since the 1980s , when the term was coined as a way to explain why some women were able to achieve orgasm through vaginal stimulation , while others were not .
Some specialists claim that the term has led to over - anxiety among women who cannot reach satisfaction this way , and their partners .
Love muscle
The latest research , published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine , was carried out the Dr Emmanuele Jannini at the University of L'Aquila , and involved just 20 women .
Ultrasound was used to measure the size and shape of the tissue beyond the " front " wall of the vagina , often suggested as the location of the G spot .
In the nine women who reported being able to achieve vaginal orgasm , the tissues between the vagina and the urethra - which carries urine out of the body - were on average thicker than in the 11 women who could not reach orgasm this way .
It 's telling people that there is a single , best way to have sex , which is n't the right thing to do
Dr Petra Boynton
University College London
Dr Jannini said : " For the first time , it is possible to determine by a simple , rapid and inexpensive method if a woman has got a G spot or not . "
However , Dr Tim Spector , from St Thomas ' Hospital in London , told New Scientist that the thicker tissue might actually be part of the clitoris - another extremely sensitive area .
Another suggestion was that , rather than being the cause of more orgasms , having these frequently might actually lead to better - developed musculature in this area .
Dr Petra Boynton , a sexual psychologist at University College London , said that an entire industry had grown up around the idea of a G spot , and it was unhelpful to label women unable to find theirs as " dysfunctional " .
She said : " We 're all different .
Some women will have certain area within the vagina which will be very sensitive , and some wo n't - but they wo n't necessarily be in the area called the G spot .
" If a woman spends all her time worrying about whether she is normal , or has a G spot or not , she will focus on just one area , and ignore everything else .
" It 's telling people that there is a single , best way to have sex , which is n't the right thing to do . "
All of this was right , except for one thing : U.S. financial markets , it turns out , were characterized less by sophistication than by sophistry , which my dictionary defines as “ a deliberately invalid argument displaying ingenuity in reasoning in the hope of deceiving someone . ”
E.g. , “ Repackaging dubious loans into collateralized debt obligations creates a lot of perfectly safe , AAA assets that will never go bad . ”
In other words , the United States was not , in fact , uniquely well - suited to make use of the world ’s surplus funds .
It was , instead , a place where large sums could be and were invested very badly .
Directly or indirectly , capital flowing into America from global investors ended up financing a housing - and - credit bubble that has now burst , with painful consequences .
As I said , these consequences probably wo n’t be as bad as the devastating recessions that racked third - world victims of the same syndrome .
The saving grace of America ’s situation is that our foreign debts are in our own currency .
This means that we wo n’t have the kind of financial death spiral Argentina experienced , in which a falling peso caused the country ’s debts , which were in dollars , to balloon in value relative to domestic assets .
But even without those currency effects , the next year or two could be quite unpleasant .
What should have been done differently ?
Some critics say that the Fed helped inflate the housing bubble with low interest rates .
But those rates were low for a good reason : although the last recession officially ended in November 2001 , it was another two years before the U.S. economy began delivering convincing job growth , and the Fed was rightly concerned about the possibility of Japanese - style prolonged economic stagnation .
The real sin , both of the Fed and of the Bush administration , was the failure to exercise adult supervision over markets running wild .
It was n’t just Alan Greenspan ’s unwillingness to admit that there was anything more than a bit of “ froth ” in housing markets , or his refusal to do anything about subprime abuses .
The fact is that as America ’s financial system has grown ever more complex , it has also outgrown the framework of banking regulations that used to protect us  yet instead of an attempt to update that framework , all we got were paeans to the wonders of free markets .
Right now , Mr. Bernanke is in crisis - management mode , trying to deal with the mess his predecessor left behind .
I do n’t have any problems with his testimony yesterday , although I suspect that it ’s already too late to prevent a recession .
But let ’s hope that when the dust settles a bit , Mr. Bernanke takes the lead in talking about what needs to be done to fix a financial system gone very , very wrong .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. researchers said on Tuesday they have made the darkest material on Earth , a substance so black it absorbs more than 99.9 percent of light .
Pulickel Ajayan ( R ) of Rice University holds a piece of the darkest material in the world as fellow researcher Lijie Ci looks on , at Rice University in Houston , January 15 , 2008 .
U.S. researchers said on Tuesday they have made the darkest material on Earth , a substance so black it absorbs more than 99.9 percent of light .
REUTERS / Jeff Fitlow / Rice University / Handout
Made from tiny tubes of carbon standing on end , this material is almost 30 times darker than a carbon substance used by the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology as the current benchmark of blackness .
And the material is close to the long - sought ideal black , which could absorb all colors of light and reflect none .
“ All the light that goes in is basically absorbed , ” Pulickel Ajayan , who led the research team at Rice University in Houston , said in a telephone interview .
“ It is almost pushing the limit of how much light can be absorbed into one material . ”
The substance has a total reflective index of 0.045 percent -- which is more than three times darker than the nickel - phosphorous alloy that now holds the record as the world ’s darkest material .
Basic black paint , by comparison , has a reflective index of 5 percent to 10 percent .
The researchers are seeking a world ’s darkest material designation by Guinness World Records .
But their work will likely yield more than just bragging rights .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Ajayan said the material could be used in solar energy conversion .
“ You could think of a material that basically collects all the light that falls into it , ” he said .
It could also could be used in infrared detection or astronomical observation .
THREE -FOLD BLACKNESS
Ajayan , who worked with a team at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , New York , said the material gets its blackness from three things .
It is composed of carbon nano - tubes , tiny tubes of tightly rolled carbon that are 400 hundred times smaller than the diameter of a strand of hair .
The carbon helps absorb some of the light .
These tubes are standing on end , much like a patch of grass .
This arrangement traps light in the tiny gaps between the “ blades . ”
The researchers have also made the surface of this carbon nano - tube carpet irregular and rough to cut down on reflectivity .
“ Such a nano - tube array not only reflects light weakly , but also absorbs light strongly , ” said Shawn - Yu Lin , a professor of physics at Rensselaer , who helped make the substance .
The researchers have tested the material on visible light only .
Now they want to see how it fares against infrared and ultraviolet light , and other wavelengths such as radiation used in communications systems .
“ If you could make materials that would block these radiations , it could have serious applications for stealth and defense , ” Ajayan said .
The work was released online last week and will be published in an upcoming issue of the journal Nano Letters .
The Indian - born Ajayan holds the 2006 Guinness World Record as co-inventor of the smallest brush in the world .
City officials have been trying to create more places where New Yorkers can ride their bikes safely , but finding secure places to park them is an enduring problem .
Now , a few business executives have dreamed up a private - sector solution : the city ’s first bikes - only parking lot , complete with attendant .
Already , they have cleared the high hurdle of finding available space in Midtown , on West 33rd Street between Eighth and Ninth Avenues .
All they need is a corporation willing to pay as much as $ 200,000 a year to sponsor the idea .
“ We ’re really looking for a big number to build something quite spectacular , ” said Daniel A. Biederman , president of the 34th Street Partnership .
“ We want this to be the premier bike parking facility in the country . ”
Stonehenge Management , a developer , has offered a 2,600 - square - foot lot next to an apartment building it owns on the north side of 33rd Street , Mr. Biederman said .
Ray was totally clutch tonight .
My tablet exploded and he was all , “ ok well let me take that sketch you did and make it awesome and also oh look here is an extremely detailed bomb I drew . ”
In other news , burritos .
- Alex
White House Press Secretary Perino : Americans ' say in Iraq war ended in 2004
At a White House press briefing today , Press Secretary Dana Perino effectively tells veteran correspondent Helen Thomas that the American people 's say in the Iraq occupation ended after the 2004 election .
" The American people are being asked to die and pay for this , " probes Thomas .
" And you 're saying they have no say in this war ? "
" No , " Perino responds , " I did n't say that , Helen .
But , Helen , this president was elected --"
Thomas interrupts : " But it amounts to it .
You 're saying we have no input at all . "
" You had input , " Perino says .
" The American people have input every four years and that 's the way our system is set up . "
Perino 's statement comes on the heels of a direct assertion by Vice President Dick Cheney that he does n't care about public input on Iraq .
" I think we can not be blown off course by the fluctuations of the public opinion polls , " said Cheney to ABC 's Martha Raddatz on Wednesday .
" There has in fact been fundamental change and transformation and improvement for the better .
That 's a huge accomplishment . "
Video of the exchange between Thomas and Perino is available at Think Progress .
The building was originally built as a loo
The 7ft by 6ft ( 2 m by 1.8 m ) building , close to Truro 's cathedral , has room for a table , chair , computer and very little else .
" It is the smallest office building we have ever sold , " estate agent Neil Sargent from Stratton & Holborrow said .
The building , originally built as a loo , is being offered for sale with a 125 - year lease at £ 19,950 .
A business is currently being run from the site , which is built over the river on Wilkes Walk .
" There 's room for a chair , a table and a computer , but that 's it , " Mr Sargent said .
" I can stand in it with my arms outstretched and touch the walls .
" When there 's two of you in there it gets pretty friendly . "
CHICAGO  Some call it " Wiihabilitation . "
Nintendo's
Wii video game system , whose popularity already extends beyond the teen gaming set , is fast becoming a craze in rehab therapy for patients recovering from strokes , broken bones , surgery and even combat injuries .
The usual stretching and lifting exercises that help the sick or injured regain strength can be painful , repetitive and downright boring .
In fact , many patients say PT — physical therapy 's nickname — really stands for " pain and torture , " said James Osborn , who oversees rehabilitation services at Herrin Hospital in southern Illinois .
Using the game console 's unique , motion - sensitive controller , Wii games require body movements similar to traditional therapy exercises .
But patients become so engrossed mentally they 're almost oblivious to the rigor , Osborn said .
" In the Wii system , because it 's kind of a game format , it does create this kind of inner competitiveness .
Even though you may be boxing or playing tennis against some figure on the screen , it 's amazing how many of our patients want to beat their opponent , " said Osborn of Southern Illinois Healthcare , which includes the hospital in Herrin .
The hospital , about 100 miles southeast of St. Louis , bought a Wii system for rehab patients late last year .
" When people can refocus their attention from the tediousness of the physical task , oftentimes they do much better , " Osborn said .
Nintendo does n't market Wii's potential use in physical therapy , but company representative Anka Dolecki said , " We are happy to see that people are finding added benefit in rehabilitation . "
The most popular Wii games in rehab involve sports — baseball , bowling , boxing , golf and tennis .
Using the same arm swings required by those sports , players wave a wireless controller that directs the actions of animated athletes on the screen .
The Hines Veterans Affairs Hospital west of Chicago recently bought a Wii system for its spinal cord injury unit .
Pfc. Matthew Turpen , 22 , paralyzed from the chest down in a car accident last year while stationed in Germany , plays Wii golf and bowling from his wheelchair at Hines .
The Des Moines , native says the games help beat the monotony of rehab and seem to be doing his body good , too .
" A lot of guys do n't have full finger function so it definitely helps being able to work on using your fingers more and figuring out different ways to use your hands " and arms , Turpen said .
At Walter Reed Army Medical Center , the therapy is well - suited to patients injured during combat in Iraq , who tend to be in the 19 to 25 age range — a group that 's " very into " playing video games , said Lt. Col .
Stephanie Daugherty , Walter Reed 's chief of occupational therapy .
" They think it 's for entertainment , but we know it 's for therapy , " she said .
It 's useful in occupational therapy , which helps patients relearn daily living skills including brushing teeth , combing hair and fastening clothes , Daugherty said .
WakeMed Health has been using Wii games at its Raleigh , N.C. , hospital for patients as young as 9 " all the way up to people in their 80s , " said therapist Elizabeth Penny .
" They 're getting improved endurance , strength , coordination .
I think it 's very entertaining for them , " Penny said .
" It really helps the body to loosen up so it can do what it 's supposed to do , " said Billy Perry , 64 , a retired Raleigh police officer .
He received Wii therapy at WakeMed after suffering a stroke on Christmas Eve .
Perry said he 'd seen his grandchildren play Wii games and was excited when a hospital therapist suggested he try it .
He said Wii tennis and boxing helped him regain strength and feeling in his left arm .
" It 's enjoyable .
I know I 'm going to participate with my grandkids more when I go visit them , " Perry said .
While there 's plenty of anecdotal evidence that Wii games help in rehab , researcher Lars Oddsson wants to put the games to a real test .
Oddsson is director of the Sister Kenny Research Center at Abbott Northwestern Hospital in Minneapolis .
The center bought a Wii system last summer and is working with the University of Minnesota to design a study that will measure patients ' function " before and after this ' Wiihab , ' as someone called it , " Oddsson said .
" You can certainly make a case that some form of endurance related to strength and flexibility and balance and cardio would be challenged when you play the Wii , " but hard scientific proof is needed to prove it , Oddsson said .
Meantime , Dr. Julio Bonis of Madrid says he has proof that playing Wii games can have physical effects of another kind .
Bonis calls it acute " Wiiitis " — a condition he says he developed last year after spending several hours playing the Wii tennis game .
Bonis described his ailment in a letter to the New England Journal of Medicine — intense pain in his right shoulder that a colleague diagnosed as acute tendonitis , a not uncommon affliction among players of real - life tennis .
Bonis said he recovered after a week of ibuprofen and no Wii , and urged doctors to be aware of Wii overuse .
Still , as a Wii fan , he said in an e-mail that he could imagine more moderate use would be helpful in physical therapy " because of the motivation that the game can provide to the patient . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By M. Spencer Green , AP Pfc. Matthew Turpen , 22 , of Des Moines , Iowa , who was paralyzed from the chest down in a car accident last year while stationed in Germany , plays golf on a Wii as part of his therapy at the Hines Veterans Affairs Hospital in Hines , Ill .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
DIGG THIS
I voted for Ron Paul for President in 1988 , and , in fact , heard him give a speech at Stanford during the campaign ( I had received my Ph.D. from Stanford a few years before ) .
Only a small group attended the speech ; Dr. Paul was articulate but not very exciting ; and of course there was no suggestion that he could win .
Everyone knew the campaign was really for educational purposes .
I had assumed that the current Ron Paul Presidential campaign was a similar educational effort — until early October .
Our family was driving back from vacation in San Diego ( Legoland , the San Diego Zoo , and the wonderful museum exhibit on the Dead Sea Scrolls ) .
We had taken a side trip to Tustin , east of Los Angeles , to visit a piano store my wife wanted to check out .
While my wife and kids were trying out the pianos , and I was bored , I idly engaged the store owner in a discussion about the Presidential race .
To my surprise , without my mentioning Ron Paul 's name , she started passionately explaining to me that the only worthwhile person in the race was Dr. Paul and that we desperately needed Dr. Paul to restore Constitutional government in the US and end the disastrous foreign and domestic policies of the G. W. Bush Administration .
She also told me that , earlier in the day , she had seen a group of teenagers handing out Paul literature and that the kids were behind Ron Paul .
She seemed not to have any connection to the " libertarian movement . "
It was Ron Paul himself , and what he had to say , that had created her enthusiasm .
She was so animated ( and articulate ) that it took me several minutes before I was able to explain that I did know who Ron Paul was and thought he was a good guy .
I 'd heard that Dr. Paul was not catching fire with " religious conservatives . "
The store owner turned out to be a serious , observant Seventh - Day Adventist .
So , I finally realized that the Paul Presidential campaign is not simply an educational campaign ( although I was still amazed by the size of the " money bomb " we all created on November 5 ) .
After we got back to Sacramento , my kids started noticing " Ron Paul " stickers around town and on the road and asked me why we did n't see any " Giuliani " or " Hillary " stickers .
And just last night , at a Christmas party , I started talking politics with the husband of a friend .
I 'd known his wife for several years , but did n't know the husband well , and had no idea of his political views .
Without my mentioning Ron Paul , Doug started explaining to me why Dr. Paul was the only worthwhile candidate in the race .
Of course , the most important aspect of the Paul campaign is the involvement of the kids .
My own children became avid Paul boosters when I explained to them that he was the Jeffersonian in the race — we 're homeschooling , so my kids know the distinction between Hamilton and Jefferson .
In fact , my kids kept reminding me to send in my hundred bucks to the Paul campaign until I finally contributed on November 5 .
When I myself was a kid , a junior in high school way back in 1971 , I had read Mises ' Human Action : at the time , I feared that those of us who favored free markets , limited government , and natural rights were on the losing side of history .
By 1979 , I realized that we were not the past but the future : by then , the Communist Party of China had chosen to follow a capitalist road , and a Democratic President had actually chosen to abolish a major regulatory agency ( the Civil Aeronautics Board ) .
And I had read Murray Rothbard 's brilliantly prophetic essay " Left and Right : the Prospects for Liberty " and had met Rothbard personally .
The excitement of the Ron Paul campaign is the latest scene in the scenario laid out four decades ago by Rothbard .
Rothbard predicted in 1965 that both socialism and conservatism would prove to be historical dead ends , and that the future of the human race lay with the philosophy of natural rights .
And , in numerous essays published in the same period , Murray also explained that the cultural " progressivism " that rejected the civilizing achievements of Western civilization — personal and familial responsibility , classical art and music , science and reason , common courtesy , etc. — was also a dead end .
The only true radicalism is " bourgeois " radicalism .
Murray once remarked that human civilization reached its pinnacle in the Baroque era : the true radicals , the real cultural progressives , are John Locke , Isaac Newton , and Johann Sebastian Bach .
Many of our libertarian " progressive " friends cannot understand why the kids — especially the college kids who are always assumed to be " progressive "  are turning to an " unprogressive " fellow such as Ron Paul .
But the kids have seen what cultural " progressivism " really means — the wrecked families , the wasted lives , the parents who decline to take responsibility for their own children or for themselves , the forty - somethings who act like spoiled infants .
" Progressivism " is passé .
I gave up predicting Presidential elections long ago .
I have no idea who will take the oath of office on January 20 , 2009 ( and neither does anyone else ) .
But I will predict this .
The " unprogressive , " " bourgeois , " natural - rights philosophy of Ron Paul ( and Murray Rothbard and Thomas Jefferson and John Locke ) is the wave of the future .
Human beings are creatures of a specific nature .
Young mammals need a great deal of parenting , and young humans need more careful and more dedicated parenting than any other mammals .
Humans ' primary means of survival is their mind , and they can only fully use their minds in a society that accepts the primacy of natural rights .
And , in a society that acknowledges natural rights , it is those , like Ron Paul , who exhibit the " bourgeois virtues " — self - control , honesty , thrift , courtesy , reason , etc. — who will flourish and who will have children who themselves can carry forward the banner of civilization .
I only wish that I were a member of my children 's generation so that I could follow the revolution through to its end and see the new world in which all human beings are acknowledged to be " endowed with certain inalienable rights " upon which no human government will dare tread .
We are witnessing the unfolding of the political and cultural revolution that Murray Rothbard foretold four decades ago .
And is n't it fun to be a part of it !
December 24 , 2007
Read Jeff 's other blog posts from Chicago Paws Private Dog Training and Examiner.com .
Jeff is the National Dog Training Examiner .
Do not ask an aggressive dog to sit
What could possibly be wrong with asking a dog to sit ?
As with any training topic , there are many competing strategies out there , but I urge you to think about the psychology of anxiety and aggression .
If an animal is [ … ]
Read more ...
Avoid frustration in dog training - spend focused dog training time
If you are feeling frustrated or overwhelmed at all in your dog training pursuits , pay attention to the time you have when working with your dog , without setting specific training goals .
You should look at the amount of time you [ … ]
Read more ...
Is dog daycare a good idea ?
Dog daycares are quite common in Chicago .
Especially these days when people have a tendency to work longer hours and might even need to take on a second job to make ends meet .
It is easy to feel guilty about dogs [ … ]
Read more ...
What to do if your dog puts the brakes on You do not have to worry about your dog becoming lazy .
This is not a sign of a personality trait that leads to a lazy older dog .
It is not uncommon for dogs to refuse to walk sometimes when they [ … ]
Read more ...
Add or Change a Dog Training Cue â€‹
Did you ever want to change a cue or teach your dog a new cue for an old behavior ?
It is actually very easy to do this with just a little planning .
Why would you want to teach your [ … ]
Read more ...
An educator shows his students the martian landscape during the March 2007 FLAME expedition to the Mars Desert Research Station in Utah .
Robots andhumans always seem to end up at odds , whether it 's battling over pieces ofNASA 's budget or literally fighting in science fiction stories such as " The Matrix " and " Battlestar Galactica . "
Now aformer NASA historian and an American University professor suggest that thefuture of space exploration could very well depend on a merging of metal andflesh .
Their newbook " Robots in Space " ( 2008 , The Johns Hopkins University Press ) looksat the competing visions for robotic vs. human space exploration , and concludesthat neither will get far beyond the solar system without one another .
That meanshumans may need to draw from the Sci-Fi realm yet again and morph intosomething new , like a cyborg , to head for distant stars .
What 'slacking
Humanefforts dominated early space exploration because machines simply lacked thebrainpower .
Even Arthur C. Clarke , the visionary science fiction author who died recently , first imagined a network of geosynchrous communications satellites as spacestations with human operators onboard .
Germanscientist and American space pioneer Wernher Von Braun drew support for humanspaceflight from the Cold War rivalry and from pioneering themes of the American West .
The public imagination was fired up by early speculation thatplanets such as Venus and Mars harbored Earth - like conditions for life — something that robotic explorers later found to be untrue .
" Wewere certainly interested in the fact that none of the spaceflight godfatherswho talked about flying in space really focused on the robotics side , " said Roger Launius , National Air and Space Museum senior curator and co-authorof " Robots in Space . "
Roboticcapabilities gradually improved and allowed cheaper robotic missions to makelong journeys to the outer planets .
At the same time , near - Earth human programssuch as the space shuttle and International Space Station racked up billions ofdollars in unanticipated costs .
Manyscientists now support robotic missions as cheaper alternatives to humanmissions , but human spaceflight advocates still dream of returning people tothe moon and perhaps even going to Mars .
However , support for the dream of human spaceflight has fallen away with the end of the Cold War and the pioneering American West receding into historical memory .
Thatleaves a gap in the public imagination that robotics has yet to fill .
" Thelack of a compelling story associated with robotic spaceflight means that sideof the equation has not been developed as well as the human side , " Launiussaid .
Suicidemissions
Launius andco-author Howard McCurdy of American University argue that NASA needs to take ahard look at its real goals in space exploration .
Among five major reasons theylist to go into space — including scientific discovery , commercialapplications , national security , geopolitical prestige , and survival of thespecies — only the last absolutely requires humans .
That bluntassessment is unintentionally echoed by the artificial intelligence Agent Smithof " The Matrix , " who sneers " Never send a human to do amachine 's job . "
Smith may have a point despite his villainous nature , asrobots increasingly become cheaper and safer proxies for humans on dangerousspace missions .
" Nobodytold Spirit and Opportunity [ Mars Rovers ] that they 're on asuicide mission , " Launius said .
" If the objective is science , that 'sall well and good . "
Humanspaceflight advocates who want to see people get off Earth have a legitimatecause , according to the authors , but need to openly discuss that rationaleinstead of masking it .
" Ifobjective is to become multi-planetary species , then we have to flypeople , " Launius noted .
" I wish we were a bit more honest about that . "
Fundinghuman spaceflight based on survival of the species would be a hard sell , though , and may just get harder .
Several national and online surveys have showna trend where 18 - 24 year - olds largely oppose sending humans to Mars , citingreasons such as " too far and too much money " and the risks toastronauts .
On theother hand , many young adults express more enthusiasm over robotic missions toMars , such as the Spirit and Opportunity rovers .
" Whatwe find is that young people seem to be able to relate much more easily torobotic missions , and therefore get more excited about them , " said MaryLynne Dittmar , President and CEO of Dittmar Associates , Inc. , who conducted somesurveys .
Realitycheck
Perhaps theonly thing that can inspire fresh zeal for space exploration comes from findingnewEarth - like planets around other stars , according to Launius and McCurdy .
However , humans and robots can't even attempt an interstellar journey yet .
Robots lackthe mental power and flexibility to conduct distant missions far from humanhandlers , while humans remain vulnerable to the effects of space radiation , aging , and other physical hazards in space travel .
A solutionmay arise from the vision of futurists such as Ray Kurzweil , who sees humans and robots eventually merging to combine the best traits ofboth .
That 's not entirely a fantasy .
" Inthe process of enhancing yourself technologically , you 've become a cyborg , " Launius said , listing glasses , hearing aids , pacemakers , and hip replacementsas examples of technological aids people use daily .
Launius and McCurdy alsopoint out that NASA conducted studies on cyborg technologies in the 1960s .
The idea ofhuman - robot hybrids is popular in science fiction , and most recently in thecritically acclaimed show " Battlestar Galactica . "
The show depictshumans fighting for survival against robot - like Cylons , but also examines whathappens when certain Cylon models have biological parts and appear human .
" Thehumans in the show view the Cylons as machines and not entities which theyshould have any compassion or concern for , " Launius observed .
That allowsthe humans to justify killing or torturing Cylons , although the line betweenhuman and Cylon has become blurred as the show enters its fourth and finalseason .
So the realquestion may not be if humanity reaches for the stars , but what it needs tobecome to do so .
The Toronto District School Board approved a proposal to create the city ’s first Afrocentric public school after supporters and detractors pleaded their cases during a meeting last night .
Following more than two hours of public submissions , which included opposition to the motion from the mother of slain teenager Jordan Manners , the vote was recorded as 11 in favour and nine against .
One trustee was absent , while board chair John Campbell excused himself from the vote .
" I do n't know if an Afrocentric school is the answer , " said Sheila Ward , who represents Toronto Centre - Rosedale , but added that the proposal " is not about segregation or integration , it 's about student success , " before raising her hand in support .
Afterward , a crush of reporters gathered around Angela Wilson and Donna Harrow , the two women who pushed for the school as a way to help underachieving black youth succeed .
Their weary but triumphant faces said it all .
" We 're ecstatic , " said Ms. Wilson , standing beside her co-organizer , Ms. Harrow .
" We 've got so many other things planned .
This is not just it . "
The grade levels and location of the Afrocentric school have not yet been determined .
All four recommendations put forward in a staff report , entitled Improving Success for Black Students , passed Tuesday .
In addition to working towards opening up an Afrocentric Alternative School in September , 2009 , the board endorsed establishing an enriched African curriculum that touches on the histories , cultures , experiences and contributions of people of African descent “ and other racialized groups , ” in three existing schools by the start of the next school year .
It approved a staff development , research and innovation centre that looks at ways to improve school achievement for marginalized and vulnerable students , along with an action plan that tackles that issue in the TDSB .
The school board admits that a “ disproportionate ” number of black youth are failing in their schools .
According to its statistics , 40 % do not graduate , compared with about 25 % board wide .
But advocates of the Afrocentric proposal say it is the existing “ eurocentric ” system that is failing black students , and believe that the alternative model being presented is an endeavor worth trying .
The TDSB defines an Afrocentric school as one which “ uses the sources of knowledge and experiences of peoples of African descent as an integral feature of the teaching and learning environment . ”
The school would be open to all students .
In her submission to trustees before the vote , Loreen Small , whose son Jordan Manners was shot and killed in a public high school last year , said she worried that the school would " segregate " students .
" Martin Luther King and so many of our fathers fought to come together , so blacks and whites could be together , " Ms. Small said .
" This black school thing , no , it ai n't right . "
During her presentation , Ms. Harrow said misinformation has buried the truth .
The proposal " is not a black - focused school , is not a school for only black students , " Ms. Harrow said .
She added that an Afrocentric school would " nurture and support " all children as they strive to succeed .
" We must speak the truth , " said Ms. Harrow .
" I believe one who opens school doors , closes prison doors , " Ms. Wilson said .
" It 's not about segregation .
It 's about self - determination , " she said .
Winston LaRose , executive director of the Jane Finch Concerned Citizens Organization , challenged that notion that public schools are beacons of diversity , saying that , in truth , many schools already " do n't represent the diversity you so much talk about . "
Andre Levy , who lives in the Jane and Finch neighbourhood , called the proposal a " half - baked solution to issues faced by black students . "
Trustee Maria Rodrigues said she could not , in good conscience , deny " these black parents their right to establish an Afrocentric school . "
She voted in favour of the proposal , which she said would give students choices and work " to stop systemic discrimination " in public schools .
Gerri Gershon , who represents Don Valley West , maintained that " separating kids according to their colour is simply not the answer . "
National Post
top five stupid spider - man plots
At 45 years old , Spider - Man is still one of the greatest comic - book heroes of all time .
But that does n’t mean that every every Spider - Man story is a gem .
Recently , Marvel infuriated fans with the One More Day storyline , where Peter ’s Aunt May was shot and lay dying for the umpteenth time .
Just when you thought they might finally bump her off once and for all , Peter decides to sell his marriage ( not his soul ) to the demon Mephisto so that his decrepit 80 - year - old aunt can live .
So we are supposed to believe that after 10 - 20 years of crime - fighting and multiple encounters with the supernatural , Peter is not smart enough to turn down a deal from the devil .
He ’s also willing to junk his marriage with his doting , supermodel wife to save the life of a woman who has been on her deathbed so often she has the funeral home on speed dial .
It just does n’t make sense .
Comic book fans world - wide have their Green Lantern underoos in a twist and they are n’t afraid to blog about it .
As stupid as it is , I can see why Marvel did it .
Resetting reality so that Peter ’s a swinging bachelor again puts him back in line with the movies and allows current writers to shed the baggage of years and years of convoluted continuity .
Marvel is counting on the long - time fans returning , even if this storyline sucks goat balls , because they ’ve done worse in the past and the fans always come back .
One More Day is n’t the stupidest Spider - Man plot Marvel has unleashed on the public .
In fact , it ’s not even in the top five .
5 . “ The Six Arms Saga ”
Where : Amazing Spider - Man # 100-102
Perpetrators : Stan Lee , Gil Kane
Synopsis : Peter concocts a formula to remove his spider - powers .
Instead , it “ enhances ” them , giving him a six arms — just like a real spider ( if you count his arms as legs , I guess ) .
For some reason , this really bothers Peter , who fails to realize that now he can web swing , knit a sweater and flip pancakes at the same time .
Why it sucked : Because it looks stupid .
Peter growing four extra arms is no more unlikely than gaining the ability to stick to walls and hoist Ford Pintos over his head , it just looks more retarded .
This idea is so bad , that Rob Liefeld used it when he created Forearm a character whose super power was .. well .. that he had four arms , I guess .
If Rob Liefeld is swiping your ideas , you know they ’re crap .
Case closed .
4. “ The Spider - Mobile ”
Where : Amazing Spider - Man # 130-141 , #157-160
Perpetrators : Gerry Conway , Ross Andru
Synopsis : A car company creates a non-polluting engine that they give to Spider - Man for publicity .
The Human Torch then helps
Peter make a modified dune buggy that shoots webs and launches spider tracers .
Peter crashes the car into the river , but it is salvaged by the Kingpin and the Tinkerer , who enhance it so that it can stick to walls and send it to kill Spider - Man .
He disables it and returns it to the manufacturer .
I assume it was still under warranty .
Why it sucked : I ’ve been to New York .
There is a good reason that the people of that fine city walk and take subways whenever possible — the entire place is one giant traffic jam .
A car is possibly the least efficient way to travel in Manhattan — including rowboat .
Add onto that the fact that Peter does n’t exactly have a “ Spider - Cave ” to park the thing in , and you begin to see why a car was problematic .
Then try to wrap your mind around the sheer number of ways that a car driving on the side of buildings violates the laws of physics — even the relaxed type of physics one encounters in comic - books .
How would it get from the ground to the wall in the first place ?
How can it move from one building to the next ?
What happens if a two - ton car is being supported by a one - inch plate - glass window ?
I do n’t know the answers to these questions and I suspect that Gerry Conway and Ross Andru do n’t either .
Oh and in case you forgot , Spider - Man has the coolest mode of transportation ever invented : web - swinging .
Putting Spider - Man inside a car is like putting Aquaman inside a plane .
3. “ Doc Ock Marries Aunt May ”
Where : Amazing Spider - Man # 131
Perpetrators : Gerry Conway , Ross Andru
Synopsis : Completely unaware that Peter is Spider - man , Doctor Octopus begins wooing Aunt May and even proposes to her .
It turns out that she recently inherited a uranium mine that Doc Ock wants his hands on .
The wedding is called off when Hammerhead attacks
Otto at the alter and during the brawl that follows , Otto lets slip that he was planning on stealing the mine and bumping off May , who calls off the wedding .
Why it sucked :
The number implausible / ridiculous coincidences here is astounding .
Aunt May inherits a uranium mine from some relative that was never mentioned before or since .
Doctor Octopus picks one old lady in the entire world to swindle and she turns out to be Spider - Man ’s aunt ?
Talk about piss - poor luck …
And let ’s talk about the romantic prowess of one Otto Octavius : he looks like his mother cuts his hair using a salad bowl ; he ’s a pompous ass ; and he never removes his giant metal arms — oh and let ’s not forget that he ’s been institutionalized multiple times as both a repeat felon and as a psych - ward case with homicidal tendencies .
That info probably should have been listed on his Match.com profile .
What exactly were we supposed to believe that sweet , intelligent Aunt May saw in him ?
2. “ Sins Past ”
Where : The Amazing Spider - Man # 509-514
Perpetrators : J. Michael Straczynski , Mike Deodato
Synopsis :
In a bit of hideous retconning .
Norman Osborn , otherwise known as the Green Goblin , had consensual sex with Peter ’s girlfriend Gwen Stacy , got her preggers and she delivered his twins while in Paris .
Norman then killed Gwen to keep sole custody of the children .
He raised them to hate Spider - Man , who they were told killed their mother .
Since they had some of Norman ’s blood , they aged super fast and became adults in the span of a few years , then were sent to attack Peter .
Why it sucked :
The very idea of young , innocent Gwen Stacy having sex with and getting pregnant by creepy , evil Normal Osborne is repulsive .
Gwen had just tried to get Peter to propose to her and when that did n’t work out she banged the freakin’ Green Goblin ?
He must be twice her age and , lest you forget , he ’s evil !
Why did Norman ’s blood cause the kids to age super fast without giving them any super powers or other noticeable side effects ?
I ’m guessing the only real answer is that a battle between Spider - Man and two preschoolers would suck even more than this storyline — if that is in fact possible .
Sins
Past not only sucks on its own terms , it drags down great stories from the past with it .
The Death of Gwen Stacy was a pivotal moment in comic book history , and Sins Past dug up Gwen ’s corpse and pissed all over it , just to create a couple of lame villains that no one will remember in a year .
1. “ The Clone Saga ”
Where : Every Spider - Man appearance from 1994 through 1997
Perpetrators : Terry Kavanagh , Howard Mackie , Marvel ’s entire editorial board , others
Synopsis :
Oh boy … let ’s see .
Peter ’s biology professor Miles Warren was overcome with lust towards Gwen Stacy .
( She apparently has that effect on older , insane men . )
He became the supervillain the Jackal , perfected cloning and made himself a Gwen Stacy clone to play house with .
Since he blamed Spider - Man for the original Gwen ’s death , he also created a Spider - Man clone and got it to fight Peter , planting a bomb to kill both the clone and the original .
After the bomb went off , one of the two Spider - Men was killed .
Peter declined to take a blood test to make sure he was the original , since he believed his feelings for Mary Jane could not be duplicated .
Years later , Marvel revealed that the clone did not die .
It had been living under the name Ben Reilly for years ( He got the name from Pete ’s Uncle Ben and Aunt May ’s maiden name ) .
Ben suddenly showed up and claimed to be the real Peter Parker .
Then the supervillain Kaine arrived up fighting both Peter and Ben .
He revealed that he too is a clone of Spider - Man — a flawed but more powerful clone .
Are we done yet ?
Of course not , the Jackal made a third clone of Peter called Spidercide , who also believed himself to be the original Peter Parker .
In the middle of all this stupidity , Marvel revealed that Peter Parker was not actually Peter Parker .
He was the clone .
The real Peter Parker was Ben Reilly .
Then they revealed that it was Ben who was actually the clone , and that long dead Norman Osborne was actually alive and had manipulated the entire sequence of events to make Peter miserable .
Why it sucked :
To begin , it went on forever .
Most of these stories were one - off mistakes that Marvel allowed us to forget as soon as we could .
The Clone Saga , on the other hand , dragged on for almost four years , hammering home in what little regard Marvel held their franchise character .
Like many of Marvel ’s failed efforts from the period , The Clone Saga was a product of wretched excess .
The fans liked the clone ?
Give them two clones .
They liked two ?
Give ’em three .
( See “ symbiots ” for further examples . )
They may have been able to tell a good story about one clone , but by adding more and more clones to the mix , it quickly became ridiculous .
Evil clones are a science fiction clichÃ© for a reason .
We ’ve all seen it way too many times before .
This was just lazy plotting that made little to no sense and ruined all the Spider - Man titles simultaneously .
On top of that , the retconning was blatant and insulting .
They made Ben the “ real ” Peter , meaning that every Spider - Man story told since the late ’ 70s was actually about a clone — not Peter Parker .
When the fans revolted , Marvel quickly re-retconned and said they were kidding , Peter was actually the real Spider - Man .
That did n’t win back many fans , but it showed an amazing lack of spine and storytelling ability .
And of course , in the granddaddy of all retcons , this was the story where they brought Norman Osborn back from the dead , destroying the significance of the Death of the Green Goblin storyline .
Reviled by fans and an industry punchline , The Clone Saga is the worst Spider - Man story that Marvel has produced so far …
… but there ’s always next year .
Honorable Mention
“ Iron Spider ” – Only mildly less stupid than putting Spider - Man inside a car is putting him inside a high - tech battlesuit .
He does n’t need it or want it .
They introduced the thing showing all the great stuff it was capable of , and then he pretty much never used any of it .
At least it ’s gone now .
“ The Other ” – Disregarding years of continuity , Spidey is suddenly a “ mystical spider avatar ” or something and “ evolves ” deadly venomous stingers that he never uses so he can be more like a real spider — which do n’t have stingers .
I can picture the boardroom meeting where this was drawn up : “ Wolverine has claws .
Kids like Wolverine ; ergo Spider - man should have claws . ”
The basic problem here is Spider - Man does n’t play well in a morally ambiguous world that might require him to gut someone with a venomous spike .
Oh and Spidey can now also talk to spiders , feel vibrations in his web and a bunch of other crap that future writers will completely ignore .
The only thing that will stick around is that Peter now has organic web shooters so little Johnny wo n’t get confused when Spider - Man is n’t exactly the same as he was in the movies .
“ All Symbiotes ( yes , including Venom ) ” – Venom was a crappy idea brilliantly executed by artist Todd McFarlane .
His origins , motivation and dialog were ridiculous , but thanks to Todd , he looked cool .
Damn cool .
But when McFarlane left , so did the cool drawings and the reader was left with a badly motivated and uninspired villain that Marvel thought was pure gold .
Venom is a perfect example of “ dark and edgy ” gone wrong .
Venom ’s worst sin , though , is that he spawned ( literally ) dozens of similarly - themed villains such as Carnage , who took all the loathsome qualities of the original and cranked them up to 11 .
The new Venom is currently the guy who used to be the Scorpion — which actually makes him less interesting , if that ’s possible .
Lawmakers want probe of accidental electrocutions in Iraq
At least a dozen soldiers and Marines have been electrocuted in Iraq over the five years of the war , and investigators now are trying to learn what role improper grounding of electrical wires played in those deaths .
And Houston - based KBR — which builds bases and maintains housing for U.S. troops in Iraq — is at the center of the probe , with questions being raised about its responsibility to repair known wiring problems .
On the fifth anniversary of the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq , California Democrat Henry Waxman , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , sent a letter today to Defense Secretary Robert Gates seeking details about electrocutions of military and contract workers in Iraq and about KBR 's role in making electrical repairs .
Defense Department spokesman Chris Isleib said the Pentagon " considers this matter to be serious , and we have referred it to the ( Department of Defense ) Inspector General for a full investigation . "
KBR officials pledged to cooperate fully with agencies involved in the probe .
The investigation was prompted by the death of Army Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth , 24 , of Pennsylvania , who was electrocuted Jan. 2 while taking a shower in his living quarters in the Radwaniyah Palace Complex in Baghdad .
Initially , Maseth 's mother , Cheryl Harris , was told her son — serving in the Army 's special forces — had a small , electrical appliance with him in the shower .
" I tried to do this on my own and get answers , " Harris said in a telephone interview .
" I was not successful doing that . "
Three weeks after the her son's death , Harris sought help from her local congressman , Rep. Jason Altmire , D - Pa .
Maseth , according to a memorandum written by Army investigators and obtained by the Chronicle , was living in a building that had been refurbished by local Iraqis .
KBR had been contracted to provide maintenance on the building in 2007 , the memo said .
Maseth was killed , the memo said , when an electrical water pump shorted out after he had stepped into the shower and turned on the water .
An electrical current then passed through the water pipes to a metal shower hose in the shower .
Waxman , in his letter to Gates , said investigators blamed Maseth 's death on improper grounding of the water pump .
" The circuit breaker was , in fact , bypassed , " said Patrick Cavanaugh , an attorney hired by Harris and Maseth 's father , Douglas Maseth .
KBR 's contract , the memo said , " only required KBR to fix the building ( plumbing and electricity ) as things broke .
KBR did an initial survey of the building upon assuming responsibility and noted several safety issues concerning the improper grounding of electrical devices .
" The contract did not cover fixing potential hazards so those issues were never addressed , " the memo said .
KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne said today that at the time of Maseth 's death , " KBR was providing repair services at the facility in response to requests issued by the Army . "
Maseth 's death was only the latest in a series of electrocutions , Waxman wrote .
In all , 10 soldiers and two Marines are known to have been electrocuted , Waxman noted .
In October 2004 , the Army issued a safety warning after five soldiers had been electrocuted that year alone , Waxman said .
The warning noted that improper grounding of electrical wires is " a factor in nearly every electrocution , " Waxman said .
Altmire said those deaths were " easily preventable . "
" You wonder how it even could happen one time .
But if a tragedy does occur once — because of a mistake — how could it possibly occur 12 times ? " he asked .
In his letter to Gates , Waxman has asked for the names and addresses of all service personnel and contractors killed or seriously injured in electrical accidents .
He also wants details about KBR 's assignments for making electrical repairs at the giant complex , as well as any reports about needs for rewiring at the facility .
Waxman has asked that the Pentagon respond to his request by April 4 .
Maseth , an Army Ranger and Green Beret , was serving his second tour of duty in Iraq .
His twin brother is also serving in Iraq , and another another brother also is in the armed forces .
Today Maseth 's parents filed suit against KBR in state court in Pittsburgh , seeking unspecified damages .
" I 'd like to know who was accountable and why Ryan was permitted to live in a facility that was life - threatening , " his mother said .
david.ivanovich@chron.com
The UK has recorded its highest ever daily number of coronavirus cases and the largest number of deaths since July 1 , increasing strains within the ...
The UK has recorded its highest ever daily number of coronavirus cases and the largest number of deaths since July 1 , increasing strains within the ...
Umbrella Man : Neville Chamberlain and Munich Rediscovered
You only think you know him .
Bruce Carlson takes a look at the story of Neville Chamberlain and the events of 1938 .
" Munich " is one of the most common words in any discussion of war and peace in American politics , and the politics of many countries .
While not all Chamberlain 's actions are defensible , Carlson finds that most uses of Munich as a metaphor in contemporary politics fail to match the situation Chamberlain found himself in nor the available policy choices .
It would be asking a lot of an ordinary mortal to hew to the literal truth in a mortgage application when , to the applicant , it seemed as if the money was being offered free .
And for 12 full months , from mid-2003 to mid-2004 , the Fed set its interest rate , the so - called overnight federal funds rate , at just 1 percent .
It took this extraordinary step to ward off the risk of falling prices , or deflation , it said .
It would not tolerate too little inflation , it explained , but wanted just enough .
At the time , the cost of living was rising by 2 percent a year .
Last week , as the Fed delivered its emergency cut of three - quarters of 1 percent , dropping the funds rate to 3.5 percent , the cost of living was rising on the order of 4 percent a year .
Yet inflation was almost an afterthought in the press release in which the Federal Open Market Committee , the central bank ’s policy - making arm , explained its surprise intervention :
“ The committee expects inflation to moderate in coming quarters , but it will be necessary to continue to monitor inflation developments carefully . ”
If stability leads to instability , it follows that instability will eventually restore tranquillity .
But first must come the tallying up of the errors , misjudgments and outright criminality that blossomed during the Great Moderation .
Mr. Bernanke , in an attempt to limit the damage and hasten the healing , is likely to keep the Fed ’s rate low  lower , even , than the measured inflation rate .
As for mortgages , the experts had agreed that house prices could n’t fall as stock prices sometimes do , and they structured their loans without a thought to any such coast - to - coast distress .
If house prices do continue to fall , there will be many more defaults , and a correspondingly urgent cry for low and lower mortgage rates .
Nor will the credit crisis bypass corporate America .
Complacent as the mortgage lenders , investment bankers designed balance sheets as if steep and prolonged recession was not just unlikely but impossible .
To lubricate the machinery of lending and borrowing , Mr. Bernanke is likely to make dollars increasingly plentiful .
The trouble is that , while the Fed is America ’s central bank , the dollar is the world ’s currency .
It lines the vaults of central banks of America ’s creditors , especially the up - and - coming states of Asia and the oil - soaked principalities of the Middle East .
Such institutions hold dollars by choice , and not a few of them chafe at the greenback ’s steady loss of purchasing power .
For some , Tuesday ’s hasty rate cut might be the last straw .
As just about nobody predicted the present troubles , humility is what becomes today ’s forecaster the most .
So I will offer up a humble forecast .
Inflation will , at length , make its way up from the bottom of the Fed ’s worry list to the very top .
Not for years has it seemed to matter that the dollar is only a piece of paper .
But , before very long , that homely fact will push itself back to the fore .
Return to Transcripts main page
THE SITUATION ROOM
Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto Assassinated ; Interview With Ron Paul
Aired December 27 , 2007 - 16:00 ET
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT .
THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED .
WOLF BLITZER , CNN ANCHOR : Happening now : breaking news -- Benazir Bhutto holds Pakistan 's president responsible for her assassination in an e-mail sent only weeks before her death .
We 're going to bring you an exclusive look at that never - before - seen e-mail and an interview with the man who received and who let me in on his chilling secret .
Plus , all the latest developments on the killing of the former prime minister and the danger that could spread in her homeland and around the world .
President Bush calls Benazir Bhutto's murder a cowardly act .
It 's also a troubling new setback for his war on terror and for his controversial ties to the Pakistani leader , Pervez Musharraf .
Also this hour , the terror threat front and center on the U.S. campaign trail .
We will hear from the presidential candidates , including my interviews with Republicans Rudy Giuliani and Ron Paul .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM .
We want to welcome our viewers in the United States and around the world .
In just a moment , my exclusive report on Benazir Bhutto casting blame for her own assassination two months before it happened .
It 's a story I was asked to report to the world if -- if Bhutto were killed .
But , first , an update on what 's happening in Pakistan right now .
The body of the opposition leader , Benazir Bhutto , lies in a casket .
Her assassination today is triggering protests and fears of widespread violence and chaos before critical January 8th elections in that country .
It 's a startling new jolt of instability in a nuclear - armed Muslim nation , a vital U.S. ally in the war on terror , and also the possible hiding place of Osama bin Laden .
This is a photo of the former Pakistani prime minister riding in a van right before she was killed , waving to crowds .
She and at least 22 others were killed during a suicide bomb attack at a campaign rally Bhutto had just addressed .
But it also appears she died of bullet wounds -- the Associated Press quoting a doctor who treated Bhutto as saying she had a bullet in the back of the neck that damaged her spinal cord and another that pierced the back of her shoulder and came out her chest .
Pakistan 's GEO TV released this footage of a gun , saying it 's believed to be the weapon used to kill Benazir Bhutto .
The Pakistani president , Pervez Musharraf , has declared a three - day mourning period and is vowing to go after the terrorists he blames for Bhutto 's killing .
But , in death , Bhutto is casting blame for her assassination on President Musharraf .
Let 's get to our exclusive report now on Bhutto's grim warning of what might happen to her and why .
Her fears of an assassination have now come true .
And only now can I reveal to you what I know .
This is a story she wanted me to tell the world on her behalf if she were killed .
This past October , Bhutto sent an e-mail to her longtime friend in Washington , her U.S. spokesman , Mark Siegel .
Addressing the danger she faced in her homeland , Bhutto wrote these words .
And let me quote them precisely : " Nothing will , God willing , happen .
Just wanted you to know , if it does , in addition to the names in my letter to Musharraf of October 16 , I would hold Musharraf responsible .
I have been made to feel insecure by his minions .
And there is no way what is happening , in terms of stopping me from taking private cars or using tinted windows or giving jammers or four police mobiles to cover all sides , could happen without him . "
At Bhutto's request , Mark Siegel forwarded that e-mail to me the day he received it , back on October 26 .
But he told me I could not report on it unless Bhutto was killed .
In a moment , we will get reaction from Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States .
Ambassador Durrani is standing by live .
But let 's get to the man who received that e-mail from Benazir Bhutto , Mark Siegel , who sent it off to me .
Mark , thanks very much for coming in .
I know you and Benazir Bhutto were close for 25 users .
You had a longstanding relationship with her .
My deepest condolences to you on the death of your friend .
But give us the context of this e-mail that you received from her .
This was two months ago .
MARK SIEGEL , FRIEND OF BENAZIR BHUTTO : Wolf , Benazir was -- was very concerned by the lack of security that she had on -- on her arrival in Karachi on October 18 .
The circumstances around the assassination attempt on the night of the 18th , the morning of the 19th , was very , very suspicious .
There was no investigation .
Contrary to anything the ambassador might later say , there was no investigation of that horrendous killing , which killed 179 people .
The -- there -- she had asked that Scotland Yard and the FBI be involved , be brought in for forensic help for the investigation .
The government of General Musharraf absolutely refused to have Scotland Yard or the FBI brought in .
As we prepared for the campaign , former Prime Minister Bhutto was very concerned that she was not getting the security that she had asked for and that her husband had asked for .
It was very , very specific that they had asked for jammers to -- to set off IEDs .
That was denied to be allowed in by the government of General Musharraf .
She had asked for special vehicles .
That was denied to her .
She had asked for special tinted cars .
She had asked for four police vehicles to surround her at all times .
She basically asked for all that was required for someone of the standing of a former prime minister .
All of that was denied to her .
She sent me the e-mail because she ...
BLITZER : Well , let me interrupt -- let me interrupt for a moment , Mark , because I just want to be precise .
This was two months ago , October 26 , that she sent you that e- mail .
Based on what you know -- and I know you were in contact with her a lot over these two months -- did she not get any of those extra security precautions that she sought ?
SIEGEL : She got some police protection , but it was sporadic and erratic .
She did not get the jammers that were necessary for the IEDs .
She did not get the protection that she thought was necessary .
And she became increasingly concerned that this was not getting any better , but actually getting worse , as she toured the country in preparation for the January 8 election , which she thought was basically rigged from the top down and the bottom up .
But she was going to fight the fight , because she was willing to sacrifice everything for the cause of democracy in Pakistan , and has been for most of her life .
BLITZER : I do n't know ...
SIEGEL : And , today , she paid with her life .
BLITZER : I do n't know , Mark , if you saw that picture that was taken of her only moments before she was killed .
She was standing up in a -- in the -- in this van , going through the -- the sunroof , which , I have to tell you , given what happened to her upon her return to Karachi after eight years in exile -- and more than 100 people , as you point out , were killed then -- and we 're showing our viewers that -- that pictures right now -- some would argue that was pretty reckless on her part , to be going up and speaking like that through -- unprotected in a van sunroof .
SIEGEL : Benazir Bhutto believed in democracy and she believed in speaking to the people .
It 's not reckless to go out and touch the people .
Do n't blame the victim for the crime .
The person that was supposed to be protecting Benazir Bhutto and the other candidates was the government of Pakistan , was the government of General Pervez Musharraf .
Do n't blame the victim .
Blame them .
BLITZER : No , we 're not blaming the victim .
But we 're just pointing out that , only moments before she was killed , she was seen in this -- in this picture standing up through the sunroof in this van .
Let me bring the ambassador , Mahmud Ali Durrani , into this conversation .
Mr. Ambassador , you have heard the complaints .
I want to get your reaction .
MAHMUD ALI DURRANI , PAKISTANI AMBASSADOR TO UNITED STATES :
Well , I respect Mr. Siegel .
He 's a very knowledgeable man , indeed , and he got this mail from Benazir Bhutto .
That is also true .
I 'm aware of that .
But I think it is a bit naive if you try and blame the government of Musharraf or the government of Pakistan that this happened because there were inadequate protection .
When she came to Karachi -- let me put the record straight for everybody -- that there were , I think , a sea of security people .
There was -- she was surrounded by police vehicles .
And , had it not been one of the police vehicles which took the blast in Karachi , unfortunately , she would have died there .
There was a bubble around her of security .
The PPP insisted that they have their own private loyalists around .
They were there , too .
And there were about 7,800 to 8,000 security people deployed just for that .
And that is more security than anybody deploys anywhere in the world .
BLITZER : Let me -- Mr. Ambassador , let me ask you specifically whether those items that she requested back in that e-mail on October 26 , whether they were in fact made available to her .
Mark Siegel says they were not , including using tinted windows or giving jammers for police mobiles to cover all sides .
Did she get the specific -- the specific security precautions that she thought she needed to stay alive ?
DURRANI : Wolf , she is not a security person .
She 's a politician .
I think the government of Pakistan provided her all the security that was necessary .
Now , you tell me , even without jammer or tinted windows , the way she was hit , she would have been hit with tinted windows or without tinted windows , or without the IEDs .
No IED was used , no use of tinted windows .
So , it 's just a blame game .
And the problem with this blame game , to my fear , is that the real culprits are going to get away .
It is the extremists and terrorists that have been after her that have been after Musharraf .
It 's the same terrorists .
In fact , I find a lot of commonality between Benazir and Musharraf .
They are both for democracy , and they are both very , very liberal people .
And Musharraf tried his best , but the circumstances under which she moved -- and Mr. Siegel also mentioned to touch her voters and the voters to touch her -- so , that was a problem , when she was moving almost in a sea of humanity .
So , this -- this -- no system in the world can protect you against that .
BLITZER : Well , let me ask Mark Siegel to respond .
Mark , you heard what the ambassador is saying .
Go ahead .
SIEGEL : Well , of the many bad things that the ambassador said , the worst thing he said today was comparing Benazir Bhutto to General Pervez Musharraf , comparing one great democratic leader to a tyrant and a dictator .
And I think it 's disgraceful .
And I think he should apologize to the people of Pakistan for it .
BLITZER : Mr. Ambassador ?
DURRANI : Well , I do n't want to get into a slugging match with an American .
If I have to apologize to the people of what I think is my business and the business of the people of Pakistan .
I think Musharraf is -- is for democracy .
He was moving in that direction .
He was talking to Benazir .
He was on some kind of a relationship with her .
And , as far as liberalism is concerned , I think there are very few politicians in Pakistan who can match Musharraf .
That is my view .
BLITZER : Mr. Ambassador , the -- three U.S. senators wrote a letter to President Musharraf also back in October , 24th -- this was two days before the e-mail that she sent to Mark Siegel -- in which they wrote this , Joe Biden , Joe Lieberman , and Patrick Leahy .
They said this : " We believe it is very important to the democratic process that Ms. Bhutto be provided the full level of security support customarily afforded to any former Pakistani prime minister .
One of the most important security provisions would be government - provided bomb - proof vehicles and jamming equipment , in order to protect Ms. Bhutto and other senior political leaders from roadside bombs and improvised explosive devices . "
You remember that letter that those three senators sent President Musharraf .
Let me rephrase the question I asked you earlier .
Was anything done in the aftermath of that request from those influential U.S. senators to beef up security for Benazir Bhutto ?
DURRANI : What I want to repeat again , that everything which was possible , the amount of security that the government of Pakistan provided Benazir during her march in Karachi , during her letter , is unprecedented .
We have never had such security for any opposition member and a likely candidate to become a member of the national assembly or , for that matter , the prime minister .
So , I think the amount of security that was provided to Benazir at that time far goes beyond what was asked for by the U.S. legislators .
BLITZER : Mark , I want to pick your brain .
You have had a 25 - year relationship with Benazir Bhutto .
I have gotten to know her somewhat over the past several years myself .
But this is painful for you , given that relationship , that friendship you had with her .
But tell us something about this woman that our viewers in the United States and around the world should know .
SIEGEL : She -- she was the bravest person I ever knew .
She was -- she was a very strong person .
She was totally committed to the cause of democracy .
She had -- was totally committed to sacrificing her own personal happiness for the people of Pakistan .
Pakistan always came first , before her children , before her husband , but certainly before -- before herself .
She knew that -- that there were risks coming back , but those risks were important , important , she thought , for the fight for -- for democracy .
I asked her so many times over the years :
You are brilliant .
You are young .
You are beautiful .
You have -- you are so well - educated .
You have a wonderful family .
You could have a wonderful life anywhere .
Why are you doing this ?
And she said :
It is my destiny to go back and fight for the -- for the democracy and for freedom in Pakistan .
And that always will come first , and my family understands that .
Now , we have just collaborated on a book which will be coming out in January called " Reconciliation : Islam , Democracy , and the West , " which is a book about hope and a book about the future and a book about everything that today was n't , a time when , within Islam and between Islam and the West , problems can be reconciled peacefully , and in a way that promotes peace in the future .
Benazir Bhutto told me that I should n't be afraid for her , that -- that she was committed to God , that she had faith in God , and that she was in the hands of God .
And , today , she is .
BLITZER : Mr. Ambassador , I know you knew Benazir Bhutto as well .
Give me a final thought on this extraordinary woman .
DURRANI : Yes .
First of all , for a change , I will agree with Mr. Siegel .
I think all that he said , I agree with him totally .
She was a great woman , daughter of a great father .
I have served under her .
And , in fact , I had dinner with her when she was in Washington recently .
We discussed the political situation .
I think her legacy will be a liberal democracy which will outlive her .
BLITZER : Mr. Ambassador , thank you very much for joining us .
Our condolences to the people of Pakistan on this very sad day .
Mark Siegel , thanks to you as well .
Our condolences to you and all of her friends and family -- a loss , a great loss , indeed , for the world .
Exactly one week before the first presidential contest here in the United States , the White House hopefuls are expressing their own sorrow and outrage over Benazir Bhutto 's assassination .
Coming up , we will see how the Democrats are seizing on this moment to play up their own foreign policy credentials .
Same goes for the Republicans .
Does Benazir Bhutto's death change the campaign during these final crucial days before the Iowa caucuses ?
Also , we will get reaction from President Bush , and how Bhutto 's death could turn into a global nightmare .
The stakes for the U.S. are enormous .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
BLITZER : Exactly one week from today , Iowa Democrats and Republicans will gather across the state and begin the process of choosing the next U.S. president .
We 're coming to you from our election headquarters here in New York .
When America votes , we will be all over this story , of course .
We will be here to the countdown to the caucuses and for the big decision days coming up .
In the lead - up to Iowa , the assassination of Benazir Bhutto is making a big impression out on the campaign trail .
Our Suzanne Malveaux is out in Iowa covering the Democrats ' response .
Suzanne , what are the candidates saying about this dramatic turn -- turnaround in Pakistan ?
SUZANNE MALVEAUX , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT :
Well , Wolf , all of the candidates offer their condolences , but this quickly turned into an opportunity for a showdown , a debate , if you will , over who has the foreign policy chops to hand this -- to handle this very volatile part of the world .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
MALVEAUX ( voice - over ) :
With the Iowa caucuses just days away , anything can change the political landscape , including the assassination of a key U.S. ally , Pakistan 's former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto .
The condolences came quickly .
SEN .
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON , ( D - NY ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : ( NO AUDIO )
MALVEAUX : But Senator Hillary Clinton was able to add this .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
BLITZER : All right .
Clearly , we 're having some technical problems , Suzanne , with your piece .
We 're going to fix that .
But let 's talk a little bit about what the reaction from these candidates has been .
And we will start with Barack Obama .
What was his basic line today ?
MALVEAUX : Sure , Wolf .
He offered his condolences and talked about the need to take a second look at that region , obviously , to reach out to Pervez Musharraf , and to be a lot stricter when it comes to dealing with Pakistan -- a lot of key issues .
Where is Osama bin Laden ?
Interestingly enough , though , what happened with Senator Hillary Clinton , she talked about her personal relationship with Benazir Bhutto .
It went beyond the normal condolences .
She talked about how she visited with her as first lady -- she took Chelsea with her -- that they had a real personal relationship .
And that really was meant to show and highlight the kind of experience that she has .
We have been talking a lot about , hearing a lot about her foreign policy experience .
And we also heard as well from Senator John Edwards .
And he went a bit further , saying that he was reaching out to Pervez Musharraf .
He put in a phone call to talk about the need for an international investigation in -- inside of that country into the assassination .
And then we heard from those who you would consider the senior statesman of the group , Senator Joe Biden , who said that he sent two letters to Pervez Musharraf , essentially asking for that kind of security that Benazir Bhutto was requesting , that he was rebuffed , he was ignored , that he was reaching out to the Pakistani government as well .
And then Senator -- Governor -- rather , Governor Richardson saying that he believes that Musharraf simply should resign .
It 's interesting , Wolf , though , the issues dealing with the voters here , big question of whether or not is going to resonate .
They 're talking about Iraq .
They 're talking about health care .
But , obviously , these candidates all wanted to put forth their foreign policy experience today -- Wolf .
BLITZER : Suzanne -- Suzanne Malveaux , thanks very much .
We 're going to get back to you for more .
Let 's go to the Republicans , though , right now and their take on Benazir Bhutto 's assassination .
We will bring in our own Dana Bash .
She 's out on the campaign , also , in Iowa .
So , what are the GOP candidates , Dana , saying ?
DANA BASH , CNN CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT :
Well , just like the Democrats , Wolf , the Republicans reacted very quickly , in part because of the gravity of the event , but also in part because it is one week from the Iowa caucuses from today , and there is definitely an emphasis , or has been , on more domestic issues .
But this could refocus the Republican race on issues of terrorism and national security .
But , if you listen closely to what the Republican candidates say , there was a difference in tone and in emphasis .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
BASH ( voice - over ) :
In Iowa , John McCain opened a town hall paying his condolences and playing up his experience .
SEN .
JOHN MCCAIN , ( R - AZ ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : I knew Benazir Bhutto .
I know Musharraf very well .
And , if I were president of the United States , I would be on the phone right now and I would be meeting with the National Security Council .
BASH : In Florida , Rudy Giuliani talked terrorism .
RUDOLPH GIULIANI ( R ) , PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE :
Each one of these events that happens reminds me that we have to do everything we can to prevent these terrorist attacks and we have to do everything we can to win this war that Islamic terrorists are perpetrating against us .
BASH : In New Hampshire , Mitt Romney called for propping up moderate Islamic leaders .
MITT ROMNEY , ( R ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE :
And we must come together in an effort , in great haste and with great earnestness , to help overcome the threat of the spread of radical , violent jihad .
BASH : Fred Thompson also talked tough on terror .
FRED THOMPSON , ( R ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE :
And it 's a global conflict .
And al Qaeda wants to bring Western civilization to -- to its knees .
BASH : Mike Huckabee declared it too early to discuss the impact of Benazir Bhutto 's assassination , and offered prayers .
MIKE HUCKABEE , ( R ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE :
First of all , let me begin by expressing on behalf of , I think , every American our sincere concerns and apologies for the horrible incident that has happened in Pakistan .
BASH : GOP reaction varied .
But the reality is , two candidates , John McCain and Rudy Giuliani , score best on national security , and they got into an instant tussle to delicately capitalize on an issue that had receded .
McCain even admitted to CNN , it could help him .
MCCAIN : I 'm the one with the most credentials and the most experience and the most judgment .
BASH : Giuliani immediately connected the attack in Pakistan to his biggest strength , 9/11 .
GIULIANI : America feelings a strong sense of , I think , connection to something like this because of what 's happened to us .
BASH : But McCain bluntly challenged Giuliani's foreign policy experience .
MCCAIN : ... job post -9/11 in handling in a post - crisis situation , I do n't know how that credential -- how that provides one the credentials to address national security issues .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
BASH : Now , it 's still very early to tell how this is going to impact the Republican race .
But , Wolf , I can tell you this .
This building where I am standing , it was packed earlier today with a lot of undecided Republican voters here to see John McCain .
Many of them said told us that they saw what happened in Pakistan as a wakeup call , that , as much as they hear about and think about things like taxes and immigration , that terrorism is still a major challenge , and that may weigh into how they decide who they want to be the Republican nominee for president -- Wolf .
BLITZER : Dana Bash , thanks very much .
The Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul has a very different global view than his presidential rivals .
Coming up , I will ask him how he would respond as president to Benazir Bhutto 's assassination and the threat of a dangerous new crisis in Pakistan .
Plus , with events in Pakistan and the war on terror front and center , is President Bush now as relevant as ever ?
That question in our " Strategy Session . "
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
BLITZER : To our viewers , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM .
Happening now : what 's being called the saddest day in Pakistan 's history .
Amid mourning over the assassination of the former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , we are going to take you through the timeline of how this all unfolded .
Extremists hoped to kill Bhutto from the day she returned to Pakistan .
She even pleaded to Pakistan 's president for more protection .
Was lax security a factor in her killing ?
And Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney says the assassination is a reminder the U.S. must stay on high alert and fight to reject extremists .
It 's wrapped into closing arguments he 's making to try to win over voters in New Hampshire .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM .
One person describes it as the unthinkable becoming a chilling reality .
Now Benazir Bhutto's assassination leaves much of the world in shock .
What 's happening in Pakistan matters here .
That nation is a critical ally in the U.S. fight against terror .
Many believe Osama bin Laden is hiding out in Pakistan 's lawless northwest border with Afghanistan .
And Pakistan , a Muslim country , already has a nuclear arsenal .
President Bush was quick to react , strongly condemning Bhutto's assassination .
Our White House correspondent , Ed Henry , is over at the president 's ranch in Crawford , Texas , watching all of this unfold .
Enormous implications , ramifications , Ed , for the United States .
ED HENRY , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT : Absolutely , Wolf .
This will make it even harder for Pakistan to focus in and get tough in the war on terror , try to hunt down bin Laden , and it also makes any sort of democratic stability in Pakistan an even longer shot than before .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
GEORGE W. BUSH , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : ... to all the people on Pakistan on this tragic occasion .
HENRY ( voice over ) : A somber President Bush spoke from his Texas ranch to mark the death of Benazir Bhutto and send a tough message to those who murdered her .
BUSH : The United States strongly condemns this cowardly act by murderous extremists who are try to go undermine Pakistan 's democracy .
Those who committed this crime must be brought to justice .
HENRY : With chaos growing in the streets of Pakistan , aides acknowledge Mr. Bush is concerned there 's a risk the assassination will spark more violence .
SCOTT STANZEL , WHITE HOUSE SPOKESMAN :
We would urge calm and hope that all the Pakistanis would mourn her death , celebrate her life , and unite together in opposition to the types of extremists that are trying to stop the march of democracy .
HENRY : Mr. Bush was so alarmed about the situation that , just hours after the nation , he called Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf .
BUSH : We urge them to honor Benazir Bhutan 's memory by continuing with the democratic process for which she so bravely gave her life .
HENRY : But it 's unclear how committed Musharraf really is to those democratic reforms , especially with questions about whether Pakistan has misused billions of dollars in U.S. aid intended to crack down on extremists .
And with Musharraf 's government so unstable , a chief U.S. concern now is making sure Pakistan 's nuclear weapons do not wind up in the hands of terrorists .
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN , FMR .
DEPUTY CIA DIRECTOR : I do n't think we should by complacent about this .
If extremists have been able to penetrate into the army garrison city of Rawalpindi and carry out an assassination on the nation 's principal civilian politician , we have to ask ourselves whether they can penetrate other areas .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
HENRY : Now , another big question , obviously , whether or not those elections scheduled for January 8th should be postponed .
The White House not touching that one , saying only that they want to see free and fair elections move forward in Pakistan at some point -- Wolf .
BLITZER : Ed Henry at the president 's ranch in Crawford , Texas .
Thank you .
The people who hope to replace President Bush are also reacting to Benazir Bhutto 's assassination , and they 're playing up their readiness to deal with crises such as this one .
Let 's go to our senior political analyst , Bill Schneider .
He 's out in Des Moines , Iowa , right now .
Could the crisis in Pakistan have an impact out on the campaign trail , Bill ?
WILLIAM SCHNEIDER , CNN SR .
POLITICAL ANALYST : Well , yes , it could shift the spotlight to international issues and it could highlight the importance of experience .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
SCHNEIDER ( voice over ) : Outsiders are in .
It 's the economy , stupid .
They were becoming the conventional wisdom about the 2008 campaign .
The news of Benazir Bhuttto 's assassination suddenly adds a new dimension to the campaign .
Candidates are touting their foreign policy credentials .
JOHN MCCAIN , ( R - AZ ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : I'm the one with the experience , the knowledge and the judgment , so perhaps it may serve to enhance those credentials or make people understand that I 've been to Waziristan , I know Musharraf .
SCHNEIDER :
The crisis gave Rudy Giuliani an opportunity to call attention to his signature issue , 9/11 .
RUDY GIULIANI , ( R ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : America feels a strong sense , I think , connection to something like this because of what 's happened to us .
SCHNEIDER : Populist candidates and outsiders seem to be gaining momentum in this campaign -- Democrat Barack Obama , Republican Mike Huckabee .
But the international crisis gives their opponents an opening .
Suddenly experience matters .
SEN .
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON , ( D - NY ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE :
Our next president will be sworn in January 20 , 2009 .
Waiting on that president 's desk in the Oval Office will be problems that are ( INAUDIBLE ) .
SCHNEIDER : Sure , other candidates will challenge their experience , as Obama did recently .
SEN .
BARACK OBAMA , ( D - IL ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE :
If you are saying that this is your relevant experience , we should know what decisions you were involved in , in the White House .
SCHNEIDER :
But experience and knowledge of the world may now loom larger in this campaign , as Senator Biden alluded to last month .
SEN .
JOSEPH BIDEN , ( D - DE ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : I believe people have a sense of and will increasingly get a sense of who 's grown up and responsible and can -- and is ready to actually sit behind that desk and make decisions .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
SCHNEIDER :
In primaries , voters often want to make a statement .
A crisis like this serves to remind them they 're also choosing a leader -- Wolf .
BLITZER : Bill Schneider with the political fallout .
Thank you very much .
This important programming note to our viewers .
Tonight we 'll have a special edition of THE SITUATION ROOM .
We 'll be here in the 8:00 p.m.
Eastern hour with the latest on the assassination of Benazir Bhutto and the latest on how it 's affecting the race for the White House .
Again , a special edition of THE SITUATION ROOM tonight , 8:00 p.m. Eastern , exactly one week to go before the Iowa caucuses .
One presidential candidate has long urged the U.S. to simply stay out of much of the world 's affairs , so what does Republican Ron Paul think the U.S. should do now , given Benazir Bhutto 's assassination ?
I 'll ask him .
Also , you 've heard President Bush 's initial reaction to the assassination .
How might he respond overall ?
We 'll discuss that and more in our " Strategy Session . "
And something Barack Obama 's chief strategist said sparking controversy right now .
Some wonder if that strategist is trying to link Benazir Bhutto's death to something Hillary Clinton did .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
( NEWSBREAK )
BLITZER : The Pakistani former prime minister , Benazir Bhutto , as all of us now know , have been assassinated .
Many people around the world , especially in Pakistan , are in shock , and there are fears about this act throwing Pakistan into all - out chaos .
But should the U.S. stay out of the situation ?
My next guest has long urged the U.S. to do just that when it comes to much of the world 's affairs .
The Republican presidential candidate , Congressman Ron Paul , is joining us now from Des Moines , Iowa .
Congressman , thanks very much for joining us .
Clearly , there are enormous stakes , interests for the United States .
Pakistan is a Muslim country , there 's an al Qaeda presence there .
Osama bin Laden is believed to be hiding out there .
There 's a resurgent Taliban , a lot of sympathizers to these extremists in Pakistan , and this is a country that already has a nuclear arsenal .
If you were president , Congressman , right now , what would you do ?
REP .
RON PAUL , ( R ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : I would try to change the policies so that we were less involved in their internal affairs .
I 've complained about the policy with Pakistan for a good many years .
We 've been giving them billions of dollars , they got about $ 10 billion over the last eight years , so we 've aligned ourselves with a military dictator who overthrew an elected government .
And he was supposed to help us find Osama bin Laden .
That has n't helped .
So it was a bad investment , and it also elicits concern about our puppet governments .
Musharraf is seen as one of our puppets .
There 's a group over there -- the al Qaeda is growing because they do n't like us to have puppet governments over there , and they love chaos .
So I can see where the support that we 've given Musharraf has been indirectly involved in this .
It 's a mess , and ...
BLITZER : So what would you do specifically , Congressman , right now if you were dealt this hand as president of the United States ?
PAUL : I would treat them like another country .
They 're in a civil war .
I would n't get involved in the civil war , it 's what I would n't do .
I would n't be sending troops over there .
I would n't be sending them any more money .
I would try to talk to people who come out , when they sort it out .
They should -- and urge that they have self - determination and they go back to a sensible approach , but for us to be involved militarily or send our CIA in there to overthrow one government versus another ,
I 've already heard , well , let 's get rid of Musharraf .
We 've staked it out with him and it is n't working , so we want to get rid of him .
Let 's put somebody else in charge .
Just more of the same stuff that we have been doing for so many years .
It 's time we looked for non-intervention and stay out of these conflicts and let them sort it out themselves .
BLITZER : So basically what I hear you saying , if you were president , you would say , you know what , Musharraf ?
It 's all yours , do whatever you want .
We 're getting out of there and no more billions in U.S. military assistance , no more intelligence cooperation , no more nothing .
Is that right ?
PAUL : That would be a good policy .
Besides , we do n't have the money anyway .
We either have to steal it from the American people or print the money or borrow it from China .
And so we 're going broke , and so we can just start right now by stopping this .
Of course , the whole Middle East , it 's been my argument , that we just can't afford this anymore , and it does n't help us .
BLITZER : Well , would you at all be concerned , Congress , about a Taliban - like or al Qaeda - like Islamic fundamentalist regime taking charge of Pakistan with a nuclear arsenal already ?
They 're not thinking about building nuclear bombs , they already have nuclear bombs .
PAUL : Yes , and I think because we supported a military dictator and he became our puppet , we 've actually enhanced that opportunity for him .
So , yes , I 'm concerned .
I 'm concerned about the leftover nuclear weapons in the Soviet -- from the old Soviet system in central Asia .
There 's some of those weapons that have n't been accounted for .
So , yes , we have concerns , but I 'm concerned about the Taliban resurgence in Afghanistan .
Our policies are n't working all that well there .
They 're having major victories over there and there 's more killing .
And they 're asking for more of our troops to go into Afghanistan .
I 'm just saying , enough is enough .
We should n't be doing this .
We get ourselves into too many messes , and we ought to mind our own business and take care of our people here at home .
BLITZER : Well , you have a new ad that 's running now .
It 's called " The Defender of Freedom , " your ad that 's showing how you want to protect freedom , protect liberty , what you call our God - given freedom .
What global responsibilities , if you were president , should the United States have ?
Does the U.S. have a role around the world ?
PAUL : Sure it does .
It should be friends with people .
We should trade with people .
We should try to sort things out diplomatically .
But we do n't have the moral authority or the constitutional authority to impose our will .
We should n't be either bribing them with our donations in foreign aid , and we should n't be threatening them if they do n't do what we want and we bomb them .
I 'm offering something different , something the founding fathers offered , and that is neutrality .
Talk with people and trade with people and negotiate with people , but not to have these two choices of either subsidizing them with foreign aid or threatening them with violence if they do n't do as we tell them .
BLITZER : We 're almost out of time , Congressman .
A week from today , the Iowa caucuses , then a few days later the New Hampshire primary .
You have got a lot of cash , you 've got very passionate supporters out there .
Give us a prediction .
How are you going to do in Iowa and how are you going to do in New Hampshire ?
PAUL : I think we 're going to do well , and that 's about as close as I can get .
There 's no way -- I do n't make predictions , because I really do n't know , but I think we 'll do a lot better than people have been predicting .
BLITZER : Do you want to just be a little bit more precise ?
PAUL : Probably can't be .
I do know that I would be very disappointed if I came in last , and that 's not going to happen .
But I 'm not going to say I 'm going to come in first or second , if I do n't come in first or second , I 'm going to quit .
Nothing like that .
It does n't even cross my mind .
We 're getting a lot of support .
The numbers are growing , the money is flowing in .
My obligation is to fulfill the request by the supporters who come to us spontaneously .
They want me to campaign hard , campaign to win .
That 's exactly what we 're doing .
BLITZER : Congressman , thanks very much for coming in .
PAUL : Thank you .
BLITZER : Good luck out there on the campaign trail .
PAUL : Appreciate it .
BLITZER : Congressman Ron Paul joining us from the campaign trail .
In our " Strategy Session , " President Bush had some words of praise for the Pakistani president , Pervez Musharraf , when I spoke with him back in November .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
BUSH : He has been an absolute reliable partner in dealing with extremists and radicals .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
BLITZER : But has today 's assassination brought new importance to the U.S. policy toward Pakistan and the region ?
How might it all change ?
The 2008 presidential field is talking about the Bhutto assassination .
Will it bring foreign policy and national security experience to the forefront of voters ' mind ?
Jamal Simmons and John Feehery , they 're standing by for our " Strategy Session " here in THE SITUATION ROOM .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
BLITZER : Something Barack Obama 's chief strategist said sparking fresh controversy right now .
Some wondering if that strategist is try to go link Benazir Bhutto's death to something Hillary Clinton did .
Let 's get to our " Strategy Session " right now .
Joining us are our Democratic strategist , Jamal Simmons , our Republican strategist , John Feehery .
Guys , thanks very much for coming in .
I 'll play the sound bite from Dave Axelrod , who 's the chief strategist for Barack Obama , and we 'll talk .
Listen to this .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
DAVID AXELROD , OBAMA CHIEF STRATEGIST : I think if people need to judge where these candidates were and what they 've said and what they 've done on these issues , I mean , she -- she was a strong supporter of the war in Iraq , which we would submit is one of the reasons why we were diverted from Afghanistan , Pakistan , al Qaeda , who may have been players in this event today .
So that 's a judgment she 'll have to defend .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
BLITZER : All right .
What do you think , Jamal ?
JAMAL SIMMONS , DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST :
Well , I think they got the wrong messenger on that , first of all .
I would like to see one of the generals or one of Barack Obama 's foreign policy advisers making a case like this , not the political strategist , but , you know , this campaign gets rough and tumble .
There have been a lot of accusations thrown back and forth .
I think ultimately this puts a really bright light though on people like Joe Biden and Bill Richardson , who are the people who really have been in the room when some of these decisions have had to have been made for presidents , going back a long time .
And Joe Biden has probably advised seven presidents on issues of national security .
BLITZER : And on the Republican side , John , it certainly would tend to underscore what John McCain keeps referring to , his national security experience .
And maybe Rudy Giuliani , given what he 's been saying about the war on terror .
But go ahead .
This does tend , a week before the Iowa caucuses , John , to throw a new dynamic into this presidential context .
JOHN FEEHERY , REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST :
It really does .
I think if you 're Rudy Giuliani or John McCain , you take advantage of this .
If you 're Mitt Romney or Mike Huckabee , it 's worrisome because you do n't have the experience that the other two have .
I think for McCain , he really hit the nail on the head .
He 's been in this for a long time .
For Rudy , he has been in a leadership position during a crisis , and this is clearly a crisis .
So both these guys can make the case that they are the ones best able to handle a situation like this .
I think for the other Republican candidates it 's difficult .
I would say briefly about the Obama comment , I think Obama 's campaign has to say something like that , because otherwise this is really , you know , good for Hillary in a sense , because she has that White House experience that will play well for -- in an experience versus change election , experience will trump change right now .
BLITZER : Yes , but I think Jamal made a good point when he suggests that one of her national security advisers , Zbigniew Brzezinski , who supports Obama , someone like that might have resonated more powerfully than the political strategist .
Do n't you agree , John ?
FEEHERY : Oh , Jamal is absolutely right on that .
I think that Axelrod was not the best messenger .
But on the other hand , you need to have someone say something as soon as you can , because you need to change that dynamic .
BLITZER : Or Susan Rice , another one of his national security advisers who served in the Clinton National Security Council .
Jamal , I want you to listen to what President Bush told me when I interviewed him a few weeks ago over at the White House about his level of confidence in the Pakistani leader , Pervez Musharraf .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
BUSH : He has been an absolute reliable partner in dealing with extremists and radicals .
And , you know , it 's a tough situation in the remote parts of Pakistan , but there 's many examples of where the Pakistanis have , in cooperation with the U.S. , brought to justice members of al Qaeda 's hierarchy .
And I 'm thankful for that .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
BLITZER : Now , Jamal , you think a crisis like this sort of tends to underscore that this is a president -- he 's still in office for another 13 months -- he 's got a lot of relevancy right now given the enormous interest , the enormous potential ramifications for the United States and what happens now in Pakistan ?
SIMMONS : Well , we 've only got one president at a time .
I mean , so we hope that George Bush does finally start to get engaged with the Pakistan policy and not just the Musharraf policy .
And that 's been the mistake that he seems to have been making for a long time now in Pakistan .
Much more focused on Musharraf and his leadership than we have on trying to make Pakistan a sort of stable place , and going after Osama bin Laden , who everyone seems to believe is in Pakistan .
And I hate to go back to Joe Biden , but Biden did say recently that he asked Musharraf directly , he wrote a letter to Musharraf asking him to give Benazir Bhutto some more security .
I mean , he has been on this job .
And I think somebody like Biden can really make an impact , because if he does n't fall below that 15 percent threshold in Iowa , that means that his voters do n't get to make a second choice in the race .
So that could actually hurt somebody .
So I think Biden may find that he 's going to secure himself a bit going into this thing in Iowa in a way that people may not have thought a week ago .
BLITZER : But John , just getting back to the point about Bush and his relevancy , he has got a crisis on his hands right now .
He 's obviously at the Crawford ranch , he 's supposed to stay there until New Year 's Day .
Is this the type of crisis that would warrant the president leaving , coming back to Washington , convening his National Security Council and taking charge ?
Or does he stay on vacation , if you will , in Texas ?
FEEHERY : Well , I 'm not sure if the president is ever on vacation .
I think the president is always relevant .
I think what he will do , if he does n't come back here , is bring his whole national security team back to Crawford .
Now , there 's two strategic imperatives in Pakistan .
One is to secure the nuclear weapons , the other is to try to get after the terrorists on the Afghani border .
You need stability to get that .
And I think that when the president was talking about Musharraf , he 's trying to promote stability , which obviously it 's even more unstable now than it was .
And this is a very difficult time for Pakistan , but it's also an important time for the United States to be very careful in how they deal with this situation and not overreact and push things that will make it more unstable .
BLITZER : All right .
John Feehery , Jamal Simmons joining us in our " Strategy Session . "
Guys , thanks very much .
SIMMONS : Thank you .
BLITZER : A presidential candidate sees his other job exposed .
You 're going to want to hear what Mike Huckabee is doing on the side of campaigning .
He said he needs it to try to raise some cash , but does it pose some legal problems ?
We 're watching the story .
Also , the latest on the assassination of the form Pakistani prime minister , Benazir Bhutto .
Now some question if planned elections should go forward .
And the presidential candidate arguably with the most foreign policy experience says he urged Pakistan 's president to better protect Benazir Bhutto .
What does Joe Biden think now that she 's dead ?
I 'll ask him .
He 's standing by live right here in THE SITUATION ROOM .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
BLITZER : Checking our Political Ticker today , Republican Mitt Romney may be finding a bit of new comfort after two New Hampshire newspapers urged voters not to support his presidential bid .
One of those papers , the " Concord Monitor , " reportedly is getting hundreds of angry e-mail messages and dozens of phone calls criticizing its scathing attack on Romney .
And " The New York Times , " by the way , says a handful of its readers have threatened to cancel their subscriptions as well .
Republican Mike Huckabee is doing something presidential candidates do n't normally do , charge speaking fees .
A spokeswoman confirms the former Arkansas governor gave two or three paid speeches last month and plans to give several more in February .
It 's unusual , but apparently not illegal .
And the Huckabee camp says because the candidate is not a current office holder , he needs the money .
TO ORDER A VIDEO OF THIS TRANSCRIPT , PLEASE CALL 800-CNN - NEWS OR USE OUR SECURE ONLINE ORDER FORM LOCATED AT www.voxant.com
The Guardian observes ( via Jeff Jarvis ) that YouTube has overtaken MySpace — but here ’s the thing — it ’s not really YouTube vs. MySpace .
It ’s user content and community hosted by YouTube vs. user content and community hosted by MySpace .
The hosting is besides the point .
It ’s people like Fritz Grobe and Stephen Voltz who are getting people ’s attention , not some entity called YouTube .
In case you ’re not among the 5 million + people who have seen it , Grobe and Voltz created an immensely clever and entertaining performance video that channels the explosive power of Mentos added to Diet Coke :
The video that you see above ( press the play button after it loads ) has appeared on YouTube and Google Video , but not with the permission of Grobe and Voltz .
I got this code from their site , EepyBird , where they ask users :
Please do not post our videos on sites like YouTube and Google .
[ Emphasis theirs ]
But why would n’t they want their video uploaded onto the immensely popular YouTube ?
Because YouTube is n’t paying them a dime .
Neither is Google .
Instead , Grobe and Voltz are distributing the video through Revver , which shares with them half the ad revenue generated by THEIR ( i.e. Grobe ’s and Voltz ’s ) content .
As BusinessWeek reported :
It took eight months for Fritz Grobe and Stephen Voltz to mastermind a now iconic Web video that shows them creating intricate fountains of soda by dropping 500 Mentos into 100 2 - liter bottles of Diet Coke .
The video became an instant hit after it was published in June on Revver , a service that shares ad revenue .
Within days , bootlegs showed up on Google and YouTube .
Voltz , a civil litigation lawyer , figured out the process for getting the videos removed .
But as copies kept reappearing , Voltz learned that he had to keep contacting YouTube to take down each new version .
The Mentos / Diet Coke video was seen 5.5 million times on Revver and made Grobe and Voltz $ 30,000 .
But Voltz estimates they lost another $ 30,000 to pirated copies .
And for several days recently , blogs buzzed with attempts to sort out the rights of artists to control uploaded videos .
As the prospect grows for making money online , what started as a lark for many is becoming all too serious .
User - generated content is going through a novelty phase , where most “ users ” are content with attention as a form of recompense for their efforts .
But for savvy “ users ” — or in this case video production artists , let ’s get real here — getting paid in attention while hosting platforms like YouTube get all the take - to - the - bank revenue is sheer lunacy .
To all the Web 2.0 sites that think they are going make a fortune off of “ free ” user - generated content — it ’s the users calling … they want their money .
And if you do n’t give it to them , they are going to take their content elsewhere .
UPDATE
Just came across this Heather Green post from a few days ago about Ze Frank ’s Video Blog :
Frank is deliberately trying to create a show and a brand and he wants to figure out a way to support himself .
That ’s why he chose to upload his videos on Revver , a videos sharing service that shares revenues .
But just as important , he ’s trying to keep control of the archive of his shows so that sometime in the future he can figure out a way to make money with them .
Heather also references Amanda Congdon ’s appeal regarding videos posted to Amanda UnBoomed ( this one is very funny and worth watching ) :
Please do not upload my videos to YouTube or any other video hosting site that reserves the right to make commercial works out of other people ’s vids .
This video falls under the creative common non-commercial sharealike license .
Thanks for understanding .
Ze Frank calls this trend a “ coming of age ” — indeed , it ’s time for all the Web 2.0 business models to GROW UP .
