| Home | Recent Updates| Links | Store | Recommended Reading | Sign Guestbook | View Guestbook |
The “ Badass ” Samurai in Japanese Pop Culture
By Nino Moscardi
When the concept of the historical samurai is perceived , what is it that normally comes to mind ?
The representation of the samurai to the masses is typically the “ lone warrior ” stereotype , traveling Japan to hone his skills in swordsmanship , partaking in ridding the land of evildoers , and abiding by principles of a certain code of honor called Bushido .
And one may wonder how this image came about when the history behind this elite , social warrior class is far from reality ( though certain figures did partake in such activity ) ?
Pop culture is mainly to blame for this image , for it is the various mediums of pop culture that feeds the masses these highly romanticized characters , portraying highly exaggerated characters of what the samurai were or should be .
By romanticizing an element of Japanese history as momentous as the samurai , it provides a sense of nationalism and unity in one ’s own history , giving Japan international identity in a world so caught up in self image .
In order to analyze how and why samurai are romanticized in Japanese popular culture , it is first necessary to provide some history to define what samurai really were .
Samurai were a military elite , evolving through a series of rebellions as central government grew weak from absence of devices to protect quickly growing shoen , or private rice farms , in the mid 800 A.D.
Since shoen were products of private agreements , essential defense of these estates was agreed upon privately by the small landowners and farmers of each individual shoen ( Turnbull 16 ) .
Thus , the samurai were born .
As time went on , the samurai grew in number and power and eventually played a much greater role in history , acting as servants of their provincial daimyo , or lords , during feudal periods , and servants of the shogun as well , who was the military leader of Japan after the Emperor fell out of power ( Turnbull ) .
After a state of peace was reigned in by Tokugawa Ieyasu following hundreds of years of civil war , and two unstable governments , bakufu , the role of the samurai again changed .
Now , the samurai were a military caste with no wars to fight , and while some sought other professions or ways to occupy themselves , the majority became unemployed or a burden on society , until they were gradually abolished as a social class following the reclaimation of power by the Emperor Meiji in the 1860's ( Turnbull ) .
Though there is much more to tell , this history must be abridged for the sake of analyzing how and why these warriors came to be so exaggerated .
Perhaps the most romanticized element of the samurai in popular culture is their strict adherence to a code of morals rooted in principles of honor , loyalty , devotion , and martial practice , more aptly named Bushido .
The fact is that Bushido was less a code of honor , and more a strategic manipulation by the Tokugawa bakufu , government , to keep local daimyo subservient by stressing loyalty to one ’s lord .
The Tokugawa were extremely paranoid about civil war , and rightly so , since the only two other governments had failed due to constant warfare .
Thus , they employed measures including a fabricated code of honor to keep samurai and local daimyo allegiant to the shogun ( samurai- archives ) .
Previous to the Edo jidai , Edo period , there was no code of honor , for had there been , many of the warfare tactics used would not have been possible .
One must remember that samurai were just ordinary people , born into a higher status ( samurai- archives ) .
This is not to say that there were never any honorable or noble samurai .
There were certainly great men among them , evidenced by records of men such as Takeda Shingen , Yagyu Munenori , Minamoto no Yoshitsune , or Shimmen Musashi Miyamoto , but character traits and principles to live by vary from person to person , and in that aspect nothing was different from how it is today .
The same goes for the typical pilgrimage throughout Japan to hone one ’s swordsmanship skill .
This misconception is similar to the misconception of Bushido in that individual skill with a weapon varied from person to person .
Not all samurai practiced heavily with a sword , therefore not all samurai were master swordsmen .
Though there were many great samurai swordsmen , one must look at the situation realistically in that if the samurai did not train with whatever their weapon may be , which many chose not to , they would not be particularly effective in a battle .
Writings such as the Go Rin no Sho , Koyo Gunkan , or the Budo Shoshinshu , clearly show that many did devote their lives to their swordsmanship , however this was not the case with all ( samurai- archives ) .
It is even foolish to say that all samurai used katana .
Samurai were versatile in their choice of arms in battle , and it is often thought that firearms were shunned and viewed as dishonorable .
The fact is that firearms were embraced by samurai , and skill with a teppo ( musket ) was no less regarded than skill with a sword .
The Japanese had no problem borrowing ideals or technology from other nations , which is evident in Japanese history , so naturally when the gun came along , samurai were not oblivious to the fact that it was far superior to the bow ( samurai- archives ) .
This type of misconception places samurai on a much more human level than previously regarded .
The third most common misconception of Japanese history comes with stealth , and clad in black .
Or it is more accurate to say that they did not come clad and in black .
Ninja were not mystical assassins that the entire world makes them out to be .
Ninja were samurai .
They were not disgraced or shamed into performing stealthy tasks or used magical hand signals to conjure spells as is the common falsity .
Daimyo who were in need of reconnaissance , assassination , or any other task that required infiltration of enemy territory would call upon a samurai to do so .
Ninja were simply samurai performing ninja activity , not an individual whose only duty was to perform stealthy jobs ( samurai- archives ) .
The fact that they dressed in all black and jumped across rooftops is a lie as well , stemming from bunraku puppet theater , in which the puppeteers would dress in all black on stage to give the impression of invisibility to the audience .
The best way to not be seen , as the samurai knew , was to blend in with the enemy .
Thus , this was the main method of stealth utilized ( samurai- archives ) .
Much can be said for the reasons why samurai are so romanticized in Japanese popular culture today .
One of the most important reasons perhaps , is that by romanticizing an aspect of one ’s own history , it gives a sense of pride and nationalism .
By exaggerating qualities of the various historically noble men and expanding that image onto the whole of a social class , audiences accept samurai as a more respectable medium .
When popular media provides the romanticized samurai , it builds confidence in the audience in how the samurai were in real life , even though such was not the case with all samurai ( Developing Maturity ) .
However , it does give the impression that samurai were infused with a sense of loyalty and honor , and when pop culture projects this through its various mediums , it bestows the audience with the same impression ( Developing Maturity ) .
Such was the case with much of the manga during World War II .
Manga was blamed by Americans for being overrun with “ Bushido ” type qualities , helping to fuel Japanese nationalism .
Especially by targeting younger audiences such as teenage boys , pride in one ’s own history can be more easily instilled .
This is not to say that these romanticizations are done to promote nationalistic rebellion , though that may be true in some cases , but are more so done in order to give the Japanese an international identity in a world in which defining oneself is extremely difficult .
In doing so , it gives the Japanese a medium of delineating who they are via their own history , exaggerated or not .
The suggestion that the samurai may not have a place any longer in modern culture is evidenced by the “ answering of a yearning for continuity with Japan ’s unwesternized heritage ” ( Developing Maturity ) .
It gives international audiences an impression of what the Japanese or Japanese history stands for , while giving the Japanese audience a way to be proud of their origin and a definite identity .
Romanticizing samurai in Japanese popular culture can also act as a vehicle for escapism .
In order to escape from the present , pop culture provides fantasy worlds in which anything is possible , one of which is in fact the past .
Escapism caters a method of presenting the audience with otherwise impossible images that are now possible through the mediums of anime , manga , or literature ( Izawa 140 ) .
For many Japanese today , social culture is “ often seen as blanketed under stifling layers of politeness and formality , characterized by endless bowing , ” allowing for justification of imagination in which they are provided with fantastical images in the privacy of their own mind ( Izawa 139 ) .
The exaggeration of samurai in escapist fantasy exploits the audience ’s imagination by going back to a world long gone and looking at it in the best light possible .
By overstating the samurai ’s devotion to a martial way , and their specific codes of honor , the medium of pop culture can show a more fantastic story as opposed to a realistic one .
Probably one of the most ideal examples of this is the anime Samurai Champloo , in which fight scenes are choreographed with moves that are not even humanly possible , yet seem second nature to the main characters .
Even the characters themselves display amplified “ Bushido ” qualities .
Jin , the quiet , wise , samurai , is created to be the obvious and overt follower of a clear set of principles , while Mugen , the rowdy tough - guy , only shows a conscience when trouble arises , yet both characters clearly show unhuman skill with their weapons , that of which could only be possible through escapist pop culture .
Another key in the popularity of this image of samurai can be applied to a younger demographic .
Anime , manga , and even literature in which this image of the samurai appears is often used to attract younger audiences ( Boys Are Forever ) .
Given the history of civil war in which the samurai thrived , the topic of these warriors automatically implies violence and emphasis on action , a key in attracting a teenage demographic .
Various mediums of pop media such as anime like Ninja Scroll , literature like Musashi , or manga like Vagabond ( based off of Musashi ) are accurate portrayals of the point trying to be made .
All three were tremendous successes in their own right , and each had intimate portraits of violence to attract readers ( Boys Are Forever ) .
Audiences now base assumptions off of the stereotype of samurai of all being noble warriors and equating that to automatic violence , since the only attraction there could possibly be from this stereotype is the violence .
Perhaps the main draw in terms of cross culture appeal is the fact that romanticized samurai in Japanese pop culture provides recognizable icons for those overseas and across international borders .
Hyperbolizing the samurai in such a way that they appear as a whole to be a loyal body of master warriors provides international interest in certain characters due to admirable traits .
By magnifying something uniquely Japanese , not only are Japanese audiences instilled with a sense of identity , but foreign audiences are compelled to take an interest in a culture so different from their own ( Iwabuchi 104 - 5 ) .
Recognizable icons in pop media are the vehicle to gaining recognition from those foreign audiences .
For example , the anime Rurouni Kenshin has gained international fame due to the fact that the main character of Kenshin Himura is portrayed as an honorable samurai in atonement for past sins .
Foreign audiences can relate to a character with a dark past and admire him for attempting to make up for whatever crime he may have committed .
Such is also the case with Hollywood movies like The Last Samurai .
As inaccurate of a movie as it was , American filmmakers mimicked the overstated qualities of the samurai that they saw in Japanese popular culture to further spread a relatable character who finds some sort of enlightenment in a romanticized Bushido to American audiences .
Japanese popular culture fails to depict the samurai for what they actually were , people .
Instead it overstates them as a legendary caste of invincible , honorable warriors .
However , it is this exaggeration that provides Japanese audiences the sense of nationalism and identity that socially bonds them , while also fabricating an escapist fantasy with which to shun the formal world .
There is also certainly no doubt that this image of the samurai is immensely popular , catching on in not only Japan , but all across the world as it attracts viewers to the history , however inaccurate it may be , of an culturally enriching country .
But what seems to be forgotten in constant analysis and examination is that , maybe , sometimes people just realize truthfully that the samurai are just really damn cool .
Works Cited
Gravett , Paul .
" Boys Are Forever . "
Manga : 60 Years of Japanese Comics .
Collins Design , 2004 .
52 -73 .
Gravett , Paul .
" Developing Maturity . "
Manga : 60 Years of Japanese Comics .
Collins Design , 2004 . 96-115 .
Iwabuchi , Koichi .
" Localizing " Japan " in the Booming Asian Media Markets . "
Recentering Globalization : Popular Culture and Transnationalism .
Duke UP , 2002 . 85-120 .
Izawa , Eri .
" The Romantic , Passionate Japanese in Anime : A Look At the Hidden Japanese Soul . " Japan Pop ! Ed. Timothy J. Craig .
East Gate , 2000 .
138-153 .
Turnbull , Stephen .
Samurai : The Warrior Class of Japan .
PRC Ltd. , 1982 .
West , C.W. , and F.W. Seal .
The Samurai Archives .
< http://www.samurai-archives.com>.
The Tech Free Press provides a fresh look at the ubiquitous nature of technology in our society .
The slides from my Code Mash presentation on Test Driven Development in Python are now online at : http://powertwenty.com/kpd/downloads/TestDrivenDevelopmentInPython.pdf
It is an introduction to TDD , some tools that work well when doing TDD in python , and the results of a case study in TDD game development using pygame .
Permit more wiretaps for piracy investigations .
Wiretaps would be authorized for investigations of Americans who are " attempting " to infringe copyrights .
Wiretaps would be authorized for investigations of Americans who are " attempting " to infringe copyrights .
Allow computers to be seized more readily .
Specifically , property such as a PC " intended to be used in any manner " to commit a copyright crime would be subject to forfeiture , including civil asset forfeiture .
Civil asset forfeiture has become popular among police agencies in drug cases as a way to gain additional revenue , and is problematic and controversial .
Specifically , property such as a PC " intended to be used in any manner " to commit a copyright crime would be subject to forfeiture , including civil asset forfeiture .
Civil asset forfeiture has become popular among police agencies in drug cases as a way to gain additional revenue , and is problematic and controversial .
Increase penalties for violating the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 's anti-circumvention regulations .
Currently criminal violations are currently punished by jail times of up to 10 years and fines of up to $ 1 million .
The IPPA would add forfeiture penalties too .
Currently criminal violations are currently punished by jail times of up to 10 years and fines of up to $ 1 million .
The IPPA would add forfeiture penalties too .
Add penalties for " intended " copyright crimes .
Currently certain copyright crimes require someone to commit the " distribution , including by electronic means , during any 180 - day period , of at least 10 copies " valued at over $ 2,500 .
The IPPA would insert a new prohibition : actions that were " intended to consist of " distribution .
AG Alberto Gonzales , wounded by his recent string of lies and spin before Congress , is proposing a crackdown on copyright infringement
She 's a witch !
Burn the witch !!
The War on Common Sense
Legal
This is typical of the neocons .
The wind is blowing against them , so they 've redoubled their efforts rather than wondering if it's a good idea to pursue the same goals so mindlessly .
It might also be an attempt to woo Hollywood Democrats by making them an offer they can't refuse .
Many Democrats ( and Republicans too , of course ) take large amounts of money from the MPAA and RIAA ( collectively known as the mafiaa ) , which is fully in support of this legislation .
One gets the idea they'd be in support of a bill that called for executions on the spot for suspected pirates .
Piracy is much like terrorism that respect ; it 's a word used almost exclusively to demonize a certain group , which gives power to those who are able to prosecute and persecute them .
Basically , it 's a 21st century witch - hunt .
Instead of burning people at the stake we need to take a look at the laws on the books and find ways to make them less draconian in an age of easy file - sharing .
The ability to share / copy files is one of the greatest uses of the internet and it demands a new way of thinking about copyright and intellectual property .
The endless roadblocks we get from politicians and businessmen ( including legislation like the DMCA , copy - protection like DRM and lawsuits like the RIAA 's campaign against music - sharing ) only serve to slow down innovation and erect huge barriers of entry that make it hard for start - ups and small businesses to make a dent in the marketplace with a new idea .
This legislation ( the Intellectual Property Protection Act of 2007 [ pdf ] ) might backfire if it is passed .
It will push more and more people to use free and open source software in order to avoid potential liability .
Even having a copy of Microsoft Word is dangerous if you do n't also have a receipt proving ownership .
Add the War on Piracy to the growing list of ideological wars we 're fighting , including the War on Terror and the War on Drugs .
If it seems odd to you that we 're waging " war " against a tactic ( terrorism ) and an inanimate object ( why do n't they put the drugs in jail ? ) , that means that you do n't have sufficient faith in our dear leaders .
I would argue that the Big 3 Unwinnable Ideological Wars constitute an undeclared War on Common Sense .
The War on Common Sense is designed to make the general populace believe that up is down , day is night , freedom is slavery and George Bush is a genius .
Please notice the tremendous power that is derived from a war , even a fake one .
There 's a reason why we do n't still wage the War on Poverty ( well besides the fact that the ruling elite do n't give a fuck ) -- there 's not an easily - demonized enemy that the ruling class can disparage in order to increase their own power and prestige .
If such an enemy exists , it 's almost certainly the ruling class itself .
That 's not gonna work !
It 's best to have a war on somebody who can't really fight back .
So what 's next ?
Well , I 'd guess we 'll have a War on Illegal Immigration , which will do nothing to stop the flood of immigrants coming into the country because it wo n't go after the root problem : the economic disparity between the U.S. and Mexico .
Like the War on Drugs , illegal immigration is a problem caused by the policies of the wealthy elite and far from suffering from this problem the elite actually make a shitload of money from it .
The CIA runs drugs to pay for their illegal black ops and a whole parasitic class of DEA agents and police officers have grown fat arresting nonviolent drug offenders in order to continue the charade .
Similarly , the corporate elite have grown even more wealthy from illegal immigration .
Instead of paying their workers a fair wage they employ illegal immigrants for a fraction of the salary a naturalized citizen would earn .
This simultaneously impoverishes Americans who can't find a job and enslaves illegal immigrants to a corrupt system that gives them just enough money to get by and not a penny more ... all while making the CEOs of these corporations even richer by saving money on labor costs , which is reflected in their end of the year bonus .
What a great scam !
The War on Terror is a money - making scheme as well .
If you doubt this , I suggest you watch Iraq for Sale , a documentary about war profiteering in Iraq .
The government sends incredible amounts of money to private contractors like Blackwater and Halliburton , then some of this money is funneled back to the very people who came up with the idea of going to war in Iraq in the form of campaign contributions ( you know : legalized bribery ) .
It 's an endless loop of corruption ! corruption !
The War on Piracy will have to evolve to a similarly corrupt state if it wishes to become self - perpetuating .
Certainly , there is some money to be made by suing college students , but that 's chickenfeed .
Clearly the RIAA is getting better at extortion so they do n't even have to go to trial in most cases , but I 'm guessing there 's still a lot of overhead .
If they really want to make a mint they should look into what Canada is doing .
Making innocent people pay for " crimes " they might or might not commit is so much more fun and profitable .
The copyright tax is applied to everybody and it's institutionalized so it will be damn near impossible to get rid of .
As bad as the RIAA is , they have n't managed to achieve something that evil ... yet .
How long before people wake up to the fact that these ideological wars are always ineffective at achieving their stated goals because the real goals are hidden -- and they involve profiting off the situation , not solving it .
I suppose it takes a certain amount of cynicism to believe your fellow man is capable of such two - faced corruption .
But that 's the way it is , folks .
Maybe we should declare a moratorium on bullshit wars .
Labels : corporatism , corruption , DEA , DMCA , DRM , drugs , money , MPAA , RIAA , scam , technology , terror
Generate dependency graphs from Python code .
This dependency tracker package has a few distinguishing characteristics :
It uses the AST to parse the Python files .
This is very reliable , it always runs .
, it always runs .
No module is loaded .
Loading modules to figure out dependencies is almost always problem , because a lot of codebases run initialization code in the global namespace , which often requires additional setup .
Snakefood is guaranteed not to have this problem ( it just runs , no matter what ) .
.
Loading modules to figure out dependencies is almost always problem , because a lot of codebases run initialization code in the global namespace , which often requires additional setup .
Snakefood is guaranteed not to have this problem ( it just runs , no matter what ) .
It works on a set of files , i.e. you do not have to specify a single script , you can select a directory ( package or else ) or a set of files .
It finds all the Python files recursively automatically .
Automatic / no configuration : your PYTHONPATH is automatically adjusted to include the required package roots .
It figures out the paths that are required from the files / directories given as input .
You should not have to setup ANYTHING .
: your PYTHONPATH is automatically adjusted to include the required package roots .
It figures out the paths that are required from the files / directories given as input .
You should not have to setup ANYTHING .
It does not have to automatically ' follow ' dependencies between modules , i.e. by default it only considers the files and directories you specify on the command - line and their immediate dependencies .
It also has an option to automatically include only the dependencies within the packages of the files you specify .
It follows the UNIX philosophy of small programs that do one thing well : it consists of a few simple programs whose outputs you combine via pipes .
Graphing dependencies always requires the user to filter and cluster the filenames , so this is appropriate .
You can combine it with your favourite tools , grep , sed , etc .
A problem with dependency trackers that run code is that they are unreliable , due to the dynamic nature of Python ( the presence of imports within function calls and __import__ hooks makes it almost impossible to always do the right thing ) .
This script aims at being right 99 % of the time , and we think that given the trade - offs , 99 % is good enough for 99 % of the uses .
I fully intend that this program work on all codebases .
It has been tested on a number of popular open source codes ( see the test directory ) .
The 2005 blast at BP's Texas City refinery killed 15 people
The Chemical Safety Board ( CSB ) found a catalogue of internal BP reports highlighting maintenance backlogs and poor infrastructure at the site .
The blast killed 15 workers and injured 180 , the worst US industrial accident in more than a decade .
BP has agreed it was preventable and has allocated $ 1.6bn in compensation .
On Tuesday , CSB Chairwoman Carolyn Merritt blamed the explosion , " aging infrastructure , overzealous cost- cutting , inadequate design and risk blindness . "
Her comments came after the publication of the reports initital findings which showed " that BP 's global management was aware of problems with maintenance , spending and infrastructure well before March 2005 " .
" BP implemented a 25 % cut on fixed costs from 1998 to 2000 that adversely impacted maintenance expenditures and infrastructure at the refinery , " Ms Merritt added .
" Every successful corporation must contain its costs .
But at an ageing facility like Texas City , it is not responsible to cut budgets related to safety and maintenance without thoroughly examining the impact on the risk of a catastrophic accident , " she added .
Maintenance spending
Since the Texas City blast , a series of other problems have left BP facing intense scrutiny from US authorities .
The firm had to close part of its Prudhoe Bay oil field in Alaska earlier this year , after leaks were discovered in one of its pipes .
BP has also been hit by an oil leak scandal in Alaska
In early September , lawmakers at a congressional hearing said BP 's neglect of pipelines in Alaska was " unacceptable " .
The company is also being investigated over the alleged manipulation of crude oil and petrol prices .
Responding to the CSB report , BP said its own investigation 's findings were " generally consistent with those of the CSB " .
But spokesman Ronnie Chapman added : " The BP Texas City fatal investigation team did not identify previous budget decisions or lack of expenditure as a critical factor , or immediate cause of the accident . "
He said that maintenance spending at Texas City had increased 40 % over the previous five years and was higher than the industry average per barrel of throughput .
The CSB is due to give a briefing on its investigations on Tuesday , before unveiling its full report next March .
The 3rd Szeged Cup was held from September 9th until 17th , in the Novotel Hotel .
there were 36 participants from six countries , including ten WGMs ( four IMs ) and four WIM .
The event was a nine rounds swiss , with time controls 90 min. for the game + 30 sec. increments per move .
Nino Khurtsidze in action
Nino Khurtsidze and Anna Muzychuk tied for first with 7.5 points each , the Georgian IM has one point better Bucholz , she won the Third Szeged Cup .
It was a very interesting event , with a many exciting games .
The hungarian WGM Ticia Gara won the first three games , in the third round she beat the second in the list , Georgian Nino Khurtsidze .
But then she lost two games , and Anna Muzychuk from Slovenia took the lead .
Anna Muzychuk from Slovenia
Going into the last round it looked like Anna had the best Buchholz , and when she won a perfect game against WGM Anita Gara and she was sure that she had won the Tournament .
But some results lower down changed the Bucholz favourably for Nino Khurtsidze .
WGM Ticia Gara , 22 , the 2006 Hungarian Women 's Champion
Ticia Gara became the 54th Hungarian Women 's Champion .
It was the first time she has won the title .
Final standings
No .
Player Nat Elo Pts Bhz Perf 1 Khurtsidze , Nino GEO 2414 7.5/9 51 2541 2 Muzychuk , Anna SLO 2456 7.5/9 50 2563 3 Gara , Ticia HUN 2309 7.0/9 2488 4 Schneider , Veronika HUN 2195 5.5/9 51 2395 5 Madl , Ildiko HUN 2379 5.5/9 50 2327 6 Toth , Lili HUN 2217 5.5/9 49 2386 7 Olarasu , Gabriela ROM 2222 5.5/9 47 2280 8 Foisor , Cristina - Adela ROM 2393 5.5/9 46.5 2316 9 Gara , Anita HUN 2349 5.5/9 45 2241 10 Vajda , Szidonia HUN 2396 5.5/9 44.5 2303 11 Rudolf , Anna HUN 2249 5.5/9 44.5 2231 12 Foisor , Sabina - Francesca ROM 2292 5.0/9 47.5 2351 13 Pokorna , Regina SVK 2342 5.0/9 47.5 2269 14 Baki , Peterne HUN 2110 5.0/9 40 2169
Two key games
Schneider , Veronika ( 2195 ) - Khurtsidze , Nino ( 2414 ) [ B10 ]
3rd Szeged Cup Szeged ( 9.1 ) , 17.09.2006
1.e4 c6 2.c4 d5 3.cxd5 cxd5 4.exd5 Nf6 5 .Bb5 + Nbd7 6.Nc3 a6 7.Be2 Nb6 8.d4 Nbxd5 9.Nf3 g6 10.Ne5 Bg7 11.Bf3 Be6 12.0-0 0-0 13.Re1 Qd6 14.Bg5 b5 15 .Qd2 Rac8 16 .Rad1 Nxc3 17.bxc3 Bd5 18.Bf4
18 ... Bxf3 ? [ 18 ... Qa3 ! is better for Black ] 19 . Nxg6 !
e5 20.dxe5 Qxd2 21.Ne7 + Kh8 22.Bxd2 [ 22.Rxd2 Nh5 23.Bg5 h6 24.Nxc8 +/= ] 22 ... Bxd1 ?! [ 22... Nd5 23.Nxc8 Bxd1 24.Nd6 Bc2 ] 23.exf6 Rce8 24.Bg5 Bg4 25.Re3 h6 26 .
Bh4 Kh7 27.Rg3 Rd8 28.h3 Bh8 29.hxg4 Rd1+ 30 .
Kh2 Rfd8
31.g5 [ 31.Rh3 ! R1d3 32.f3 ]
31... R8d3 32.f3 Rxc3 33.g6 + fxg6 34.Rxg6 ?! [ 34.Nxg6 ! Rc8 35 . Nxh8 Kxh8 36.f7 Rd6 37.Be7 +-]
34 ... Rc4 35.g4 Rd8 36.Kg3 Rf8 37.g5 !
hxg5 38 .
Bxg5 Bxf6 39 . Bxf6 ? [ 39 .Rh6 +! Kg7 40.Nf5 + Kg8 41 . Bxf6 +-]
39 ... Rf7 40 .Bg5 Rxe7 41 .Rh6 + Kg7 42 .Rxa6 Rb7 43.f4 Ra4 44 .Bf6 + Kf7 45 . Rxa4 bxa4 46 .Bd4 a3 47.Kg4 Rb2 48.Kf5 Rxa2 49.Bc5 Ra1 0 - 1 . [ Click to replay ]
Muzychuk , Anna ( 2456 ) - Gara , Anita ( 2349 ) [ B01 ]
3rd Szeged Cup Szeged ( 9 ) , 17.09.2006
1.e4 d5 2.exd5 Qxd5 3.Nc3 Qd6 4.d4 Nf6 5.Nf3 a6 6.g3 Bg4 7.Bg2 Nc6 8.0-0 0-0-0 9.Bf4 Qb4 10.a3 Qc4 11.d5 e6 ?
12.dxc6 Rxd1 13.cxb7 + Kb8 14. Rfxd1 Bd6 15 .Bxd6 [ 15.Nd2 Qc5 16 .Nb3 was much stronger . ]
15... cxd6 16 .Rxd6 Qc7 17 .Rad1 Nd5
18.Nxd5 Qxd6 19 .Ne3 Qb6 20 . Nxg4 Rd8 21.Rxd8 + Qxd8 22.Ne3 Kxb7 23.Kf1 Qb6 24.Nc4 Qc5 25.b3 Kc7 26.Ke2 f6 27.a4 a5 28.h4 e5 29.Ne1 Qb4 30 . Ne3 Kd6 31.Nd3 Qc3 32.h5 g6 33.hxg6 hxg6 34.g4 Qd4 35.g5 e4 36.Nc4 +?! [ 36.Nf4 fxg5 37.Nc4 + Kd7 38.Nxg6 ] 36 ... Ke6 37.Nf4 + Kf5 38 . Nh3 fxg5 39 . Ne3 + Kf6 40.f3 Qd7 ? [ 40 ...exf3 + 41.Bxf3 Qe5= ] 41.Nf2 Ke5 ?!
42.fxe4 Kf4 43 .Nd3 + Kg3 44.e5 Qh7 45.e6 Kh4 46.Ne5 Kg3 47 .Bd5 Qh2 + 48.Kd3 Qh8 49.Nc6 Kf4 50.e7 Qe8 51 .Be6 Kf3 [ 51 ... Qxc6 52.Nd5 + Ke5 53 .Bf7+-]
52.Nd5 Qxc6 53 .Bf7 Qa6 + 54.c4 Qb7 55.e8Q Qxb3 + 56.Nc3 1 - 0 . [ Click to replay ]
Picture gallery
The youngest participants
WIM Veronika Schneider , 19 , missed the WGM norm by half a point
Nino Khurtsidze receives the Szeged Cup from the Vice Mayor Jozsef Kozma
Anna Muzychuk receives her prize of the best game
Veronika Schneider , Hungarian Champion under 20
Hungarian Women 's Champion Ticia Gara
Chess sisters Anita and Ticia Gara
Information and pictures provided by WGM Zsuzsa Veroci
Links
By Jonathan Amos
BBC News science reporter
The British team used 23 nights of observing time on the VLT
This strange material that dominates the Universe but which is invisible to current telescope technology is one of the great enigmas of modern science .
That it exists is one of the few things on which researchers have been certain .
But now an Institute of Astronomy , Cambridge , team has at last been able to place limits on how it is packed in space and measure its " temperature " .
" It 's the first clue of what this stuff might be , " said Professor Gerry Gilmore .
" For the first time ever , we 're actually dealing with its physics , " he told the BBC News website .
Science understands a great deal about what it terms baryonic matter - the " normal " matter which makes up the stars , planets and people - but it has struggled to comprehend the main material from which the cosmos is constructed .
' Magic volume '
Astronomers cannot detect dark matter directly because it emits no light or radiation .
Its presence , though , can be inferred from the way galaxies rotate : their stars move so fast they would fly apart if they were not being held together by the gravitational attraction of some unseen material .
Such observations have established this dark material makes up about 80 - 85 % of the Universe that is matter .
These are the first properties other than existence that we 've been able determine
Prof Gerry Gilmore
Institue of Astronomy , Cambridge
Using the biggest telescopes in the world , including the Very Large Telescope facility in Chile , the group has made detailed 3D maps of the galaxies , using the movement of their stars to " trace " the impression of the dark matter among them and weigh it very precisely .
With the aid of 7,000 separate measurements , the researchers have been able to establish that the galaxies contain about 400 times the amount of dark matter as they do normal matter .
" The distribution of dark matter bears no relationship to anything you will have read in the literature up to now , " explained Professor Gilmore .
If this ' temperature ' for the dark matter is correct , then it has huge implications for direct searches for these mysterious particles
Prof Bob Nichol
Institute of Cosmology and Gravitation , Portsmouth
" It looks like you cannot ever pack it smaller than about 300 parsecs - 1,000 light - years ; this stuff will not let you .
That tells you a speed actually - about 9 km / s - at which the dark matter particles are moving because they are moving too fast to be compressed into a smaller scale .
" These are the first properties other than existence that we 've been able determine . "
Knowledge advance
The speed is a big surprise .
Current theory had predicted dark matter particles would be extremely cold , moving at a few millimetres per second ; but these observations prove the particles must actually be quite warm ( in cosmic terms ) at 10,000 degrees .
The most likely candidate for dark matter material is the so - called weakly interacting massive particle , or Wimp .
Future research in particle accelerators may yield more clues
They are predicted by certain theoretical extensions to the accepted description of matter and forces , the Standard Model of Fundamental Particles and Interactions .
But also their presence would go a long way to explaining the structure and geometry of the Universe we observe .
Professor Bob Nichol , from the Institute of Cosmology and Gravitation at the University of Portsmouth , described the Cambridge work as " awesome " .
" If this temperature for the dark matter is correct , then it has huge implications for direct searches for these mysterious particles ( it seems [ science ] may be looking in the wrong place for them ) and for how we thought the galaxies and clusters of galaxies evolve in the Universe .
" Having ' hotter ' dark matter makes it harder to form the smallest galaxies , but does help to make the largest structures .
This result will generate a lot of new research . "
Big neighbours
Experimental crystal detectors placed down the bottom of deep mines are hoping to record the passage through normal matter of these hard to grasp dark matter particles .
Researchers would hope also that future experiments in particle accelerators will give them greater insight into the physics of dark matter .
Andromeda is no longer the heavyweight in the local Universe
" It turns out the Milky Way is more massive than we thought , " said Professor Gilmore .
" It now looks as though the Milky Way is the biggest galaxy in the local Universe , bigger even than Andromeda .
It was thought until just a few months ago that it was the other way around . "
The Cambridge University team expects to submit the first of its results to a leading astrophysics journal in the next few weeks .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Michael Scheuer , the former head analyst at the CIA ’s bin Laden unit , has weighed in on the controversy surrounding the Republican Presidential debate held Tuesday May 15 , when Rep. Ron Paul ( R - TX ) stated that American foreign policy was a “ contributing factor ” in the 9/11 attacks .
“ They attack us because we ’ve been over there ; we ’ve been bombing Iraq for 10 years . ”
Paul said .
He was then denounced by former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani who said it was “ absurd ” and that he ’d “ never ” heard such a thing before demanding a retraction .
In an interview with Antiwar.com ’s Antiwar Radio on May 18 , Scheuer , who was the head analyst at the CIA ’s bin Laden unit , Alec Station , and authored the books Through Our Enemies Eyes and Imperial Hubris , said “ I thought Mr. Paul captured it the other night exactly correctly .
This war is dangerous to America because it ’s based , not on gender equality , as Mr. Giuliani suggested , or any other kind of freedom , but simply because of what we do in the Islamic World â€ “ because ‘ we ’re over there , ’ basically , as Mr. Paul said in the debate . ”
Scheuer also agreed with Dr. Paul ’s statement in the debate that the war in Iraq was a diversion from capturing or killing Osama bin Laden and that bin Laden was “ delighted ” that the U.S. is occupying Iraq as it has become a training ground and recruiting tool for new jihadists joining the movement .
MP3 here .
Michael Scheuer is a 22 - year veteran of the CIA and the author of Through Our Enemies Eyes : Osama bin Laden , Radical Islam , and the Future of America and Imperial Hubris : Why the West Is Losing the War on Terror .
A few years ago , many internet users were unaware that their online activity could be monitored .
The thought that someone could be snooping on your online activities is naturally very concerning .
Hence , looking into ways to ensure your privacy becomes necessary .
A VPN ( Virtual Private Network ) offers you the privacy you need .
It ensures that no individual , entity or service provider can spy on your online interactions .
Even your ISP will not be privy to what you do on the internet .
Continue reading “ How Can a VPN Protect Your Privacy ? ”
Nicolas Sarkozy wins French presidential election
By Peter Schwarz
7 May 2007
Nicolas Sarkozy will succeed Jacques Chirac as president of France on May 16 .
The leader of the right - wing Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) , the party founded by Chirac , won yesterday ’s presidential election with 53 percent of the vote .
His opponent , Socialist Party candidate Ségolène Royal , received 47 percent .
At 85 percent , voter turnout was amongst the highest ever recorded .
It was slightly higher than the 84 percent in the first round of the election two weeks ago .
Sarkozy ’s ascent to the highest office in the state marks a shift to the right in French domestic and foreign policy .
The 52 - year - old son of a Hungarian immigrant made a name for himself with his provocative attacks on impoverished youth and immigrants .
He campaigned on a platform combining fervent nationalism with calls for law and order and neo-liberal economic policies .
An active member of the Gaullist movement for three decades , Sarkozy has occupied ministerial posts for the last five years — first as minister of the interior , then of the economy , and then again of the interior .
Half an hour after the polling stations close on Sunday night , Sarkozy gave a public address .
He began by describing his “ unspeakable pride to belong to a great , old and beautiful nation . ”
After paying respect to Madame Royal and assuring her voters that he would be “ the President of all French people and speak for all of them , ” he interpreted the election results as a mandate for a fundamental shift to the right : “ The French people have chosen to break with the habits and the ideals of the past .
I will rehabilitate work , authority , morality , respect , merit !
I will bring back to the French the pride to be French . ”
While foreign policy had not played a major role in the election campaign , Sarkozy devoted a major section of his address to this subject .
First he assured his European partners , “ that I have been pro-European all my life , that I believe in the building of Europe and that France is back in Europe this evening . ”
It was necessary however , he qualified his remarks , to recognise “ the anger of the people who perceive the European Union not as a protection but as a Trojan horse for all the dangers that the changes in the world bring with them . ”
During the campaign Sarkozy insisted that he will never agree to an admission of Turkey into the European Union , even though the EU is presently negotiating a Turkish admission with French consent .
Next Sarkozy launched “ an appeal to our American friends in order to tell them that they can count on our friendship ...
I want to tell them that France will always be at their side when they need her . ”
And finally he called for the building of a “ Mediterranean Union ” modelled on the European Union and for close collaboration with Africa — indicating the main areas of interest of French imperialism .
Ségolène Royal admitted defeat barely five minutes after the polling stations closed .
Happily smiling she thanked her supporters and vowed that she would move the Socialist Party further to the right .
“ You can count on me on deepening the renewal of the left and in looking for new convergences beyond the present borders .
This is the condition for future victories , ” she said .
Dominique Strauss - Kahn , one of the heavyweights in the Socialist Party , described the election results — the third defeat in a presidential contest since François Mitterrand left office in 1995 — as a disaster , for which the failure of the party to move sufficiently to the right was to blame .
It was now high time to renew and open the party and to develop it in a social - democratic direction , he insisted .
Similar conclusions were drawn by party chairman François Hollande .
“ We have not sufficiently understood the need to open up , to broaden our base ” , he commented on the defeat .
In reality , the exact opposite is the case .
The political rise of a right - wing figure like Sarkozy is the result of the shift to the right by the Socialist Party , the Communist Party and the petty - bourgeois left over the last three decades .
Royal herself conducted an utterly right - wing campaign , partially modelling herself on British Prime Minister Tony Blair and competing with Sarkozy on nationalism and on being tough on crime .
Sarkozy was able to exploit the confusion and demoralisation this produced .
He went out of his way to present himself as a representative of “ hard working France , ” as a man who rose from humble origins , who is opposed to the traditional political establishment , and who will make sure that work will pay off again .
Already in the last years of the Mitterrand presidency , the National Front of Jean - Marie Le Pen was able to make considerable inroads in poor suburbs with a high percentage of immigrants , exploiting the distress and fears of many of their inhabitants .
It is significant that 62 percent of those who voted for Le Pen in the first round supported Sarkozy in the second - and this despite of the fact that Le Pen himself called for an abstention .
Only 12 percent voted for Royal , while the rest abstained .
At present , Sarkozy ’s UMP has a huge majority in the National Assembly .
This could change however after the elections due in June and July .
A poll published on Sunday night sees the UMP gaining 34 percent , the Socialist Party 29 percent , the UDF 12 percent and the National Front 7 percent .
The greatest strength of Sarkozy is the utter cowardice and the right - wing character of the misnamed “ left . ”
Its further shift to the right and its refusal to conduct any serious struggle creates the conditions where Sarkozy has a chance of consolidating his parliamentary majority .
Almost certainly - and if you 're wondering what a clickprint is , it is " a unique pattern of web surfing behavior based on actions such as the number of pages viewed per session , the number of minutes spent on each page , the time or day of the week the page is visited , and so on . "
That 's the description used by Professor Balaji Padmanabhan , at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania , and Professor Catherine Yang , of the Graduate School of Management at the University of California , Davis .
In a new paper ( available from http://tinyurl.com/hj263), they suggest that by observing how people navigate around a site over a number of sessions , an e-commerce company could distinguish between two anonymous surfers .
That could have important implications in preventing fraud : if someone signed in with an existing user 's logon , but their clickprint differed , that might be an indication that their ID had been stolen .
" Our main finding is that even trivial features in an internet session can distinguish users , " Padmanabhan told the Wharton Review .
" People do seem to have individual browsing behaviors . "
The duo found that anywhere from three to 16 sessions are needed to identify an individual 's clickprint .
" The paper is really a proof of concept that behavior and minimal information can be used to identify users , " says Yang .
In one example , they found thatfrom just seven aggregated sessions they could distinguish between two different surfers with a confidence of 86.7 % .
Given 51 sessions , the confidence level rose to 99.4 % .
Clickprints thus join a plethora of data that can be used to identify us while we 're online .
But while the leak earler this year of half a million users '
Google searches from AOL caused widespread outrage , Padmanabhan suggests that " if Amazon or a credit card company that can track everything you do uses clickprints , the perception is different because you expect it " .
If clickprints are used as a way to prevent fraud , it 's highly unlikely there will be an uproar over privacy , says Padmanabhan .
We 'll have to see .
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
Spaceflight Now +
Premium video content for our Spaceflight Now Plus subscribers .
STS - 31 : Opening window to the Universe
The Hubble Space Telescope has become astronomy 's crown jewel for knowledge and discovery .
The great observatory was placed high above Earth following its launch aboard space shuttle Discovery on April 24 , 1990 .
The astronauts of STS - 31 recount their mission in this post - flight film presentation .
Small | Medium | Large
Atlantis on the pad
Space shuttle Atlantis is delivered to Kennedy Space Center 's launch pad 39B on August 2 to begin final preparations for blastoff on the STS - 115 mission to resume construction of the International Space Station .
PLAY
Atlantis rollout begins
Just after 1 a.m. local time August 2 , the crawler - transporter began the slow move out of the Vehicle Assembly Building carrying space shuttle Atlantis toward the launch pad .
PLAY
ISS EVA preview
Astronauts Jeff Williams and Thomas Reiter will conduct a U.S. - based spacewalk outside the International Space Station on August 3 .
To preview the EVA and the tasks to be accomplished during the excursion , station managers held this press conference from Johnson Space Center in Houston .
Dial - up | Broadband
STS - 34 : Galileo launch
The long voyage of exploration to Jupiter and its many moons by the Galileo spacecraft began on October 18 , 1989 with launch from Kennedy Space Center aboard the space shuttle Atlantis .
The crew of mission STS - 34 tell the story of their flight to dispatch the probe -- fitted with an Inertial Upper Stage rocket motor -- during this post - flight presentation film .
Small | Medium | Large
Atlantis on the move
Space shuttle Atlantis is transported to the cavernous Vehicle Assembly Building where the ship will be mated to the external fuel tank and twin solid rocket boosters for a late - August liftoff .
PLAY | TIME - LAPSE
Become a subscriber
More video
Hubble captures a rare eclipse on Uranus
SPACE TELESCOPE SCIENCE INSTITUTE NEWS RELEASE
Posted : August 31 , 2006
Credit : NASA , ESA , L. Sromovsky ( University of Wisconsin , Madison ) , H. Hammel ( Space Science Institute ) , and K. Rages ( SETI )
Download larger image version here
This image is a never - before - seen astronomical alignment of a moon traversing the face of Uranus , and its accompanying shadow .
The white dot near the center of Uranus ' blue - green disk is the icy moon Ariel .
The 700 - mile - diameter satellite is casting a shadow onto the cloud tops of Uranus .
To an observer on Uranus , this would appear as a solar eclipse , where the moon briefly blocks out the Sun as its shadow races across Uranus 's cloud tops .
Though such " transits " by moons across the disks of their parents are commonplace for some other gas giant planets , such as Jupiter , the satellites of Uranus orbit the planet in such a way that they rarely cast shadows on the planet 's surface .
Uranus is tilted so that its spin axis lies nearly in its orbital plane .
The planet is essentially tipped over on its side .
During the course of its orbit around the Sun , first one pole and then the other is alternately illuminated .
As a result , Uranus has extreme seasons during its 84 - year orbit around the Sun .
The moons of Uranus orbit the planet above the equator , so their paths align edge - on to the Sun only every 42 years .
This transit has never been observed before because Uranus is just now approaching its 2007 equinox when the Sun will shine directly over the giant planet 's equator .
The last time a Uranian equinox occurred , when transits could have been observed , was in 1965 .
However , telescopes of that era did not have the image sharpness required to view satellite transits on Uranus .
When Hubble was launched in 1990 , the Sun was shining over Uranus 's far northern latitudes .
Over the past decade Hubble astronomers have seen the Sun 's direct illumination creep toward equatorial latitudes and the moons ' orbits approach an edge - on configuration .
Ariel , named for a mischievous airy spirit in Shakespeare 's " The Tempest , " is only one - third the size of Earth 's moon .
Ariel is the nearest large satellite to Uranus .
As Uranus approaches equinox , there will be additional eclipses by the large moons Umbriel , Titania , and Oberon , and by many smaller moons .
This illustrates the relative sizes of Uranus , Earth and Earth 's Moon .
The images are shown at the proper relative size .
Uranus is approximately 31,000 miles in diameter , or about four times the size of Earth .
The Earth is approximately 7,900 miles in diameter , or about four times the diameter of the Moon , 2,100 miles .
Credit : NASA , ESA , and L. Sromovsky
Download larger image version here
Lawrence A. Sromovsky of the University of Wisconsin- Madison , Heidi B. Hammel of the Space Science Institute , Boulder , Colorado , and Kathy A. Rages of the SETI Institute , Mountain View , California , created this color composite image from images at three wavelengths in near infrared light obtained with Hubble 's Advanced Camera for Surveys on July 26 , 2006 .
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency .
The Space Telescope Science Institute is operated for NASA by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy , Inc. , Washington .
Only a few months ago , the vast majority of black elected officials in New York were expected to support the presidential candidacy of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton .
But no longer .
In a series of interviews , a significant number of those officials now say they are undecided about whether to back Mrs. Clinton or one of her main rivals for the Democratic nomination , Senator Barack Obama of Illinois , the only black politician in the race .
The officials described themselves as impressed with the strength of Mr. Obama ’s campaign in recent weeks , saying it reflected a grass - roots enthusiasm for Mr. Obama that many noticed among black voters in their own districts .
And that could signal trouble for Mrs. Clinton , forcing her to devote precious attention to her home state , where blacks made up 20 percent of the Democratic primary vote in 2004 , just as she has had to scramble to keep black support nationwide .
Facing a potential drift of black support , the Clinton campaign has recently taken several steps : dispatching former President Bill Clinton to speak before black and Hispanic lawmakers in Albany earlier this year , and then to address the Rev. Al Sharpton ’s group , the National Action Network , in New York last week ; using Bill Lynch , who was a top political adviser to former Mayor David N. Dinkins , to corral black support in New York City ; and enlisting heavyweights from the black political establishment like Representative Charles B. Rangel , Democrat of New York , to help Mrs. Clinton court black leaders .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
What are the odds that poker can be explained by statistical physics , much the same as a variety of other complex systems ?
They ’re pretty good , according to physicist Clément Sire of Université of Toulouse and CNRS in France , who demonstrates in a recent paper that many of the statistical properties of poker tournaments are universal .
Sire ’s model makes connections between poker and evolution , extreme value statistics and the physical model of persistence .
“ In this Letter , we study a very human and futile activity : poker tournaments , ” Sire writes in his paper , submitted to an APS Physical Review journal .
His model quantifies the evolution of Texas hold ‘ em tournaments , based on aspects such as the distribution of chips , the number of surviving players over time , etc .
Overall , his results closely mirror those observed in real - life online tournaments .
“ While human laws ( such as bluff , prudence and aggressiveness ) determine much of the individual outcomes of poker tournaments , these tournaments are ideal for statistical analysis because they are isolated systems — they do n’t depend on outside factors , ” Sire explained to PhysOrg.com .
While Sire ’s model provides an accurate description of poker tournaments , the model also shares similar characteristics with other seemingly unrelated areas .
For example , the physical model of persistence tells the probability that some random process never falls below a certain level .
Or , in poker talk , the persistence model describes the number of surviving players ( those that have not lost all their chips ) .
As Sire explains , the “ decay rate ” of players ( as they lose their chips ) is exactly the same as the ( exponential ) growth rate of the blind bets , which are bets that start off the pot of money at the beginning of every game and are therefore also the minimal bets .
This also means that the growth rate of the blind bets entirely controls the pace of a tournament , which in practice allows the organizers of a tournament to control its duration .
The model shows that the total duration of a tournament grows only logarithmically ( i.e. very slowly ) with the initial number of players , which explains why the wide range of real tournament sizes ( 100 - 10,000 players ) remains manageable .
“ The model can also help poker players to evaluate their current ranking in a poker tournament , ” Sire said .
“ For instance , if a player owns twice the average stack , he is currently in the top 90 % .
If his holding is only half of the average stack , he only precedes 25 % of the other players .
“ Consider a temporal random signal [ such as the graph of a company ’s stock ] .
Its persistence is the probability that it never goes below ( or above ) a given threshold , ” Sire explains .
“ With my colleague Satya Majumdar , we have devised several ways to compute this quantity in various contexts , which decays exponentially fast , or as a power - law .
Persistence has been measured in many physical systems , and has obvious applications outside physics : for example , what is the probability that Google 's stock remains above $ 450 for the next year ( certainly high , I admit ) ? ”
Other connections involve biological evolution .
Due to the competitive nature of the game , Sire found similarities with evolutionary models dealing with competing agents .
Also , when analyzing the statistical properties of the chip leader ( player with the most chips at a given time ) , Sire found the same phenomenon that occurs in the “ leader problem ” in evolutionary models .
Namely , the average number of chip leaders grows logarithmically ( i.e. very slowly ) with the number of competing agents , or total number of players .
“ Physicists are currently studying models of competing agents , ” Sire explained .
“ Possible applications exist in the field of econophysics : markets , options theory in finance , decision making , rumor propagation , etc .
Another application I ’ve been involved in is evolutionary biology .
One devises simplified models of the creation or extinction of species ( or new genes ) .
With my colleagues , we have shown that the number of preeminent ‘ species ’ generically grow with the total number of species , and that this result should hold in many contexts ( for instance , the number of leaders of the Fortune 500 ) . ”
A third connection involves extreme value statistics , a physics branch that analyzes the probability of the occurrence of extreme events .
In Sire ’s model , some of the properties of the chip leader also display extreme value statistics : the probability that the chip leader holds a given stack is universal ( and given by the well - known Gumbel distribution in physics . )
“ Let us consider a random signal : for example , the stock of IBM , or the daily temperature in New York , ” Sire explains .
“ Now let us look at its maximum in a one - month period .
This is itself a random variable .
If the initial random signal is only weakly correlated in time , the probability distribution of the ( monthly ) maximum of the signal takes a universal form which is independent of the precise nature of the considered signal !
Recently , physicists have been interested in the maximum of strongly correlated variables , which can now take any form . ”
As for finding the best strategies , Sire ’s model does n’t determine optimal playing decisions , other than general hints from observations , For example , the advice that “ a player should be careful when playing bad hands if many players have already bet ” is totally irrelevant , according to the model , as far as the global evolution of the tournament is concerned .
However , the model predicts that there exists an optimal probability to go all - in ( to bet all one 's chips ) .
Sire notes that two famous mathematicians ( e.g. Emile Borel and John von Neumann ) have looked for optimal strategies in head - to - head poker , but prediction for tables with ten players including all - in events still presents a formidable task .
More information : Citation : Sire , Clément .
“ Universal statistical properties of poker tournaments . ”
To be published .
( Currently at
For more information , see Clément Sire ’s Web page : Sire , Clément .
“ Universal statistical properties of poker tournaments . ”
To be published .
( Currently at arxiv.org/abs/physics/0703122
For more information , see Clément Sire ’s Web page : www.lpt.ups-tlse.fr/clement
Copyright 2007 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
This Story Has Been Removed From the Site
March 10 , 2006 -- --
This story has been removed from our Web site because of questions raised about the credibility of one of its authors , Alexis Debat .
Click below to read more :
Clinton , Pelosi , Greenspan , Powell , Bloomberg , Gates , Annan Also Say Interviews ' Fakes '
Obama Claims Interview in French Magazine Faked
A Slovenian endurance athlete completed a 3,272 - mile swim of the Amazon at the weekend , emerging from the water exhausted and delirious but in one piece despite the crocodiles , piranhas and bloodsucking toothpick fish .
Martin Strel , 52 , known as Fishman , claimed a world record for distance swimming in a 65 - day journey which took him from the river 's headwaters in Peru to Brazil 's Atlantic coast .
" Now I am at the end and I am still alive .
I feel like a kid when dreams come true , " he said in his online diary .
" I am very happy .
I think I have n't quite got into my head what I have achieved . "
A celebration ceremony was due to take place yesterday in Belem , 1,515 miles north of Rio de Janeiro , a day after he reached the coastal city , its towers a sudden contrast to the rainforest , and became the first person to swim the Amazon .
He was four days ahead of schedule .
Mr Strel has previously completed the Yangtze , Mississippi and Danube rivers , but South America 's waterway proved to be his toughest challenge .
To avoid flesh - eating piranhas he coated his wetsuit in petrol and cream and swam in the middle of the river , away from the banks .
His 20 - strong support team , travelling in a boat , threw blood and meat into the water in an effort to distract the fish .
" There are thousands of them .
Often you find them closer to the shore .
If you are bleeding or you have an open wound they will catch you right away , " he said .
Covering an average of 50 miles a day , he also escaped the potentially even graver threat of the toothpick fish which enters the body by swimming up the penis , an agonising fate : " I never urinate straight into the water , I always urinate straight into my wetsuit . "
Crocodiles , snakes and freshwater bull sharks were spotted but did not attack .
" I think the animals have just accepted me , " he said .
" I 've been swimming with them for such a long time that they must think I 'm one of them now . "
The final stage was the most arduous .
At times ocean currents pushed him backwards .
Mr Strel , his stocky frame 12kg ( 26 lb ) lighter than when he started , became tormented by cramps , nausea , dizziness , high blood pressure and diarrhoea .
At one point his son , who was also the support team manager , said : " He 's hit point zero . "
A doctor advised him to stop but he continued , crediting his resilience to nightly chats with a psychotherapist who directed his thoughts away from pain .
He also meditated and played his guitar .
" I have sores and pains in my whole body .
My arms and legs feel as if I am carrying a big iron bar , they feel very heavy .
I have problems eating , to move a spoon or fork , or to drink , " he said .
" I do not have a temperature but if feels like there is a big pressure , like fire in my head .
I need to cool down a little bit . "
In the first week of the odyssey Mr Strel developed second - degree burns on his face and forehead .
His team gave him a hat and made a mask out of a pillowcase for protection , making him a bizarre sight .
People from around the world who followed his journey online sent creams to soothe his blisters and scabs .
Villagers flocked to the riverbank to watch as he ploughed through the murky waters .
Children cheered and mayors hosted receptions .
He is expected to remain in Belem for several days before returning to his wife in Slovenia .
Mr Strel has no plans to tackle the Nile .
" It 's long but not challenging enough .
It is just a small creek . "
A large number of Methodist ministers and other leaders are protesting the possibility of the George W. Bush Presidential Library being located at Southern Methodist University in Dallas , Texas .
The petition can be signed by anyone here : WWW.
protectSMU.ORG
THE PETITION :
We the undersigned express our objection to the prospect of the George W. Bush library , museum , and think tank being established at Southern Methodist University .
As United Methodists , we believe that the linking of his presidency with a university bearing the Methodist name is utterly inappropriate .
We urge the Board of Trustees of Southern Methodist University and the South Central Jurisdiction of The United Methodist Church to reject this project .
AN OPEN LETTER TO SMU PETITION SIGNERS :
I am the Rev. Andrew J. Weaver , Ph.D. — the person who organized and maintains the petition at www .
protectSMU.org .
I am an ordained United Methodist minister and research psychologist living in New York City .
I want to thank you for signing the petition and for your passionate and heart - felt comments .
It is important that United Methodists and other people of faith and conscience express their pain and outrage at the unchristian manner that President George W. Bush has conducted himself while in office .
No one in modern history has done more to discredit the witness of Jesus Christ and the good name of the Methodist people worldwide than President Bush .
To place a massive partisan Institute on the campus of a university owned by the United Methodist Church ( UMC ) to “ polish his legacy ” and “ promote President Bush ’s polices , ” over which Southern Methodist University ( SMU ) or the UMC will have no oversight is unacceptable .
The evidence is abundant ; Bush has acted in profoundly immoral ways while in office .
He chose to launch a “ shock and awe ” war of aggression against the people of Iraq , based upon a series of falsehoods .
The war continues to be a catastrophe and the tragic aftermath will be with us for generations to come .
In addition , the President has authorized international kidnapping and torture .
On September 15 , 2006 , the Washington Post lead editorial was entitled “ The president goes to Capitol Hill to lobby for torture . ”
The Post reported , “ President Bush rarely visits Congress .
So it was a measure of his painfully skewed priorities that Mr. Bush made the unaccustomed trip yesterday to seek legislative permission for the CIA to make people disappear into secret prisons and have information extracted from them by means he dare not describe publicly . ”
Anyone who thinks that the good name of Methodism or Southern Methodist University should be associated with George W. Bush needs to read the book , “ Oath Betrayed : Torture , Medical Complicity , and the War on Terror ” by Dr. Steven Miles , professor of medicine at the University of Minnesota .
Professor Miles has based this volume on painstaking research and highly - credible sources , including eyewitness accounts , army criminal investigations , FBI debriefings of prisoners , autopsy reports , and prisoners ’ medical records .
These documents tell a story strikingly different from the Bush administration version presented to the American people , revealing involvement at every level of government , from former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to prison health - care personnel .
The book also shows how the highest officials of government are complicit in this pattern of torture , including Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez , United Methodist Vice President Dick Cheney , and United Methodist President George W. Bush .
( See my recently published review of Miles ’ book at www.tpcmagazine.org/article.php?ID=78.)
While much of the use of torture by the Central Intelligence Agency and Special Forces troops remains concealed , Dr. Miles documents how nineteen prisoners were tortured to death by American military personnel .
The book tells of an Afghan prisoner named Dilawar , an innocent 22 - year - old , who drove his taxi to the wrong place at the wrong time .
At the U.S. detention center in Bagram , Afghanistan , in December 2002 , Dilawar was smothered , shackled and then suspended by his arms .
When he was beaten with a baton , he cried out “ Allah , Allah , ” which amused the soldiers and triggered more merciless blows .
The official report reads that he was beaten over a five day period until his legs were , in the words of the coroner , “ pulpified . ”
He was then chained to the ceiling of his cell , where he died .
Although an autopsy stated that Dilawar ’s death was a homicide , General Daniel McNeil told reporters that Dilawar had died of natural causes on the grounds that one of his coronary arteries was partly occluded .
The words “ coronary artery disease ” were typed in a different font on the prisoner ’s death certificate .
Up to 90 percent of the prisoners detained in the Bush “ war on terror ” have been found to be unjustifiably imprisoned and without intelligence value .
In addition , much of the hideous work of torture is out - sourced by the Bush administration to countries like Uzbekistan , Syria and Egypt , where torture is a long - standing and common practice .
In July 2004 , the British ambassador to Uzbekistan , Craig Murray , who grew up in a devout Methodist home , protested the Uzbek intelligence service ’s interrogation practices : “ Tortured dupes are forced to sign up to confessions showing what the Uzbek government wants the U.S. and U.K. to believe … .
This material is useless — we are selling our souls for dross . ”
Torture is a crime against humanity and a violation of every human rights treaty in existence , including the Geneva Conventions which prohibit cruel and degrading treatment of detainees .
Torture is as profound a moral issue in our day as was slavery in the 19th century .
It represents a betrayal of our deepest human and religious values as a civilized society .
If The United Methodist Church cannot take a stand against the use of torture and those who employ it , including President Bush , what does it stand for ?
We must refuse to allow President Bush to build his partisan Institute to promote his failed and immoral policies on a UMC university campus without the strongest possible objection .
What can you do to help ?
The US is now sending some 20,000 extra troops to Iraq
The material also shows that the US military projected a stable , pro-US and democratic Iraq by that time .
The August 2002 material was obtained by the National Security Archive ( NSA ) .
Its officials said the plans were based on delusional assumptions .
The US currently has some 132,000 troops in the violence - torn state .
' Completely unrealistic '
The documents - in the form of PowerPoint slides - were prepared by the now - retired Gen Tommy Franks and other top commanders at the time .
All of these were delusions
Thomas Blanton , National Security Archive
Iran border sealed Shia cleric ' in Iran '
The documents were presented at a briefing in August 2002 - less than a year before the US - led invasion of Iraq in March 2003 .
The commanders predicted that after the fighting was over there would be a two - to three - month " stabilisation " phase , followed by an 18 - to 24 - month " recovery " stage .
They projected that the US forces would be almost completely " re-deployed " out of Iraq at the end of the " transition " phase - within 45 months of invasion .
" Completely unrealistic assumptions about a post - Saddam Iraq permeate these war plans , " NSA executive director Thomas Blanton said in a statement posted on the organisation 's website .
" First , they assumed that a provisional government would be in place by ' D - Day ' , then that the Iraqis would stay in their garrisons and be reliable partners , and finally that the post - hostilities phase would be a matter of mere months ' , " Mr Blanton said .
" All of these were delusions , " he added .
The NSA said it received the documents last month , after making a request in 2004 .
The NSA is an independent research institute at George Washington University .
It obtained the papers under the Freedom of Information Act .
UNUSUAL TECHNICAL IMAGES OF
EQUIPMENT USED IN
WORLD WAR II
featuring technical cutaway drawings of submarines , ships , aircraft and arms
PLUS contemporary photos of and on mostly " S " Class Royal Naval Submarines
another " content over style " web page from Steve Johnson Cyberheritage
In the Second World War people at home with loved ones spread far away around the world with the forces were fed a diet , often government backed , of " how it works " or " how we will win " technical information leaflets .
Very often these would have contained superb cut away and sectioned diagrams , showing the " insides " or as was said at the time " the works ! " of the machines that were winning the war for us !
Today they have a unique feel of the age and how people thought .
I wonder if diagrams such as these would capture the public imagination today ?
Lets have a look .
HOW AA WORKS...anti-aircraft ... flak !
ANTI TANK GUN
ARMOUR PLATING ON A BATTLESHIP
MACHINE GUNS
.303 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION ( SAA )
BOMBS AND BOMBERS
BREN GUN
TEMPORARY BRIDGES
AERIAL CAMERAS
AERIAL RECONNAISSANCE
PHOTOGRAPHY
HOW RECONNAISSANCE FILM IS HANDLED
A SEA PLANE CATAPULT ON A WARSHIP
ABOUT PARACHUTES
AERIAL NAVIGATION
GUN BARBETTE ON A NAVAL CRUISER
DEFIANT FIGHTER AIRCRAFT
A NAVAL DESTROYER
HOW A SUBMARINE DIVES
FIRE PREVENTION IN CRASHED RAF AIRCRAFT
GERMAN MINE LAYING SEAPLANES
A SUBMARINES PERISCOPE
A GERMAN PARACHUTE SEA MINE
CLEARING MINEFIELDS
A MINEFIELD
HOW A SUBMARINE FIRES TORPEDOS
HOW A SUBMARINE MAKES A TORPEDO ATTACK
A TORPEDO
A DEPTH CHARGE
HOW A DESTROYER MAKES A DEPTH CHARGE ATTACK ON A SUBMARINE
HOW DESTROYERS HUNT SUBMARINES
ABOUT HYDROPHONES
HEAVY AA GUN
CAMOUFLAGE
9.2 inch HOWITZER
HURRICANE FIGHTER AIRCRAFT
A SEARCHLIGHT
TRAINING RAF PILOTS
PREDICTING AA RANGE
SERVICE RESPIRATOR ( GAS MASK )
HAND GRENADES
THE BRITISH NAVY
RAF BOMB AIMER
ARTILLERY SHELLS
16 inch ARMOUR PIERCING NAVAL SHELL
RIVER CROSSINGS
MILITARY " SAPPING " OR UNDERGROUND MINING
ARMOUR PROTECTION ON A BATTLESHIP
AERIAL MACHINE GUNNERY
THE SIZE OF BOMBS
RAF SPITFIRE FIGHTER AIRCRAFT
TRENCH MORTAR
ARMOURED VEHICLES ....1.......2.....
TANK TRAPS
TANK BOOBY TRAPS
ARMOURED CARS ...1....2....
15 inch NAVAL GUN TURRET
HEAVY INFANTRY AUTOMATIC WEAPONS
RAF WELLINGTON BOMBER
Many of these fine illustrations are due to the skills of L.C.GOODWIN , L.ASHWELL - WOOD and a person known as " SIBLEY ! "
SUBMARINE and SUBMARINE MINING SECTION
BRITISH AND GERMAN MINEFIELDS
A PHOTO OF A MAGNETIC GERMAN SEA BED MINE possibly Parachute delivered by air
GRAFFITI ON A GERMAN SEA MINE
ENGINE ROOM ON A " S " Class ROYAL NAVY SUBMARINE
SUBMARINERS HAVE REST AND RECUPERATION ON A SUBMARINE DEPOT SHIP ....1.....2.....
CLEARING MINEFIELDS AT SEA
TALLYING UP THE NUMBER OF MINES CLEARED
A MINE SWEEPING TRAWLER APPROACHES IT`S QUARRY
A GERMAN SEA MINE FLOATS ALONG
SOME REFER TO TORPEDOES AS " TIN - FISH " THE CORRECT NAME IS " KIPPER " possibly on a " S " Class submarine
ALL THESE ARE " S " OR " T " CLASS SUBMARINES
LOOKING UP THE CONNING TOWER
LOOKING FROM THE MOTOR ROOM FORWARD TO ENGINE ROOM
TORPEDO STOWAGE COMPARTMENT , OR " FORE ENDS " 12 OR SO MEN WOULD LIVE , EAT AND SLEEP HERE WHILE ON PATROL .
TWO PHOTOS TAKEN THROUGH PERISCOPE OF COMMANDER BRYANT BOAT " SAFARI " WHEN IN THE MEDITERRANEAN : A TANKER HE HAS JUST TORPEDOED .... AND AN ENEMY DESTROYER HUNTING HIM .
SEA ROLLING ALONG CURVE OF SADDLE TANKS
HMS /M SARACEN IN MALTA
HMS /M TRIBUNE TAKING ON DIESEL ALONGSIDE SUBMARINE DEPOT SHIP
THE END OF A U- BOAT , THE CREW PREPARE TO DIVE OVERBOARD
HMS STARLING HUNTS A U-BOAT
A RAF HALIFAX DROPS AN AERIAL DEPTH CHARGE ON TO A SURFACED U - BOAT .
A " U " CLASS SUBMARINE ON THE SURFACE
CAPTAIN AT THE PERISCOPE : Lieut .
WINGFIELD IN HMS /M STURGEON , periscope is a little lowered as the boat is a little above correct periscope depth .
HYDROPLANE OPERATORS UNDER EYE OF FIRST LIEUTANANT .
U. 331 SINKS HMS BARHAM
THE TELL - TALE PATCH OF OIL THAT SHOWS A U. BOAT HAS MADE THAT FINAL DIVE AFTER FATAL DEPTH CHARGING .
U. BOAT KAPITANLEUTNANT
" Vaddi " SCHULZ
U. 505 UNDER " OLD GLORY " OFF W. AFRICA .
CAPT .
DANIEL V. GALLERY COMMANDER OF TASK GROUP THAT CAPTURED HER IS ON CONNING TOWER .
going down .
close the hatch !
note drain holes .
HMS FORTH , A SUBMARINE DEPOT SHIP.A FLOATING FACTORY , WORKSHOP , REST FACILITY , OPERATIONS ROOM AND A TRAINING " ATTACK TEACHER . "
A " KIPPER " IS LOADED INTO IT`S TUBE .
UNLOADING KITBAGS AND HAMMOCKS AFTER A PATROL .
UNDERWATER PHOTO OF BRIDGE OF HMS/M AURIGA
FIRST UNDERWATER PHOTO OF TORPEDO BING FIRED , NOTE HOOK EYE ON END OF KIPPER FOR RECOVERY AS IT IS A DUMMY VERSION .
" L " CLASS SUBMARINE DIVES
" T " CLASS SUBMARINE DIVING ...1......2.....
A U. BOAT IS FORCED TO THE SURFACE BY DEPTH CHARGING , THEN FINISHED BY GUN ACTION , MANY CREW WERE TAKEN AS P.O.W .
CONTROL ROOM OF U. 532 .... NOTE BLACK CAT MASCOT
U. BOAT COMMANDER AT PERISCOPE .
HMS / M STORM FLIES THE JOLLY ROGER AFTER A PATROL .
APRIL 18 1945 .
THIS WAS A TRADITION UPON ENTERING HARBOUR AFTER A PATROL , OR RETURNING TO UK AT END OF A COMMISSION .
STRAIGHT BARS AT TOP RIGHT CORNER INDICATE TORPEDO SINKINGS , CROSSED GUNS ARE GUN ACTIONS , STARS REPRESENT NUMBER OF SHIPS SUNK , DAGGER IS A CLANDESTINE OPERATION .... LANDING AGENTS ...... , THE LITTLE " SCHOONER " AT BOTTOM RIGHT OVER A ROW OF DOTS IS A PERSONAL " STORM " ICON FOR A PARTICULAR AFFAIR WITH AN ANTI - SUBMARINE SCHOONER ACTION .
HMS /M STORM `s GUNLAYER , TAYLOR , TORPEDO GUNNERS MATE .... TGM , EVANS ..... AND GREENWAY .
THE WARDROOM OF HMS/M STORM , L to R... BILL RAY , BRIAN MILLS , EDWARD YOUNG , RICHARD BLAKE , DICKY WADE .
These images have been scanned from a collection of ripped out book pages kept in a box .
My father in the late 50`s and early 60 `s captured by imagination about wartime submariners ... even though he was surface RN .
He had many books as at the time many were published ... being a little boy ... I RIPPED OUT THE PICTURES .... the books have gone , but the photos live on ... perhaps I DID THE RIGHT THING IN RIPPING THEM OUT !!
It is hoped that the owners of the copyright , wherever they are , will not object to their non-commercial use here .
It is possible that these images may be all that remains .
It is important that we today do not forget what others did and we should remember them ...
Before endeavours fade ........
More STEVE JOHNSON military and naval heritage web sites , many on submarines and the Royal Navy , all with stunning imagery :
steve@cyberheritage.co.uk
If teaching an individual to use a computer is bad , teaching someone to program one is worse .
Him : " I can download games like Quake and play them during lunch , you know . "
" I can download games like Quake and play them during lunch , you know . "
Me : " We 're only allowed 10 megs in our accounts , and the system administrators would notice you downloading a large file . "
" We 're only allowed 10 megs in our accounts , and the system administrators would notice you downloading a large file . "
Him : " Nah , I could hack it so he could n't . "
" Nah , I could hack it so he could n't . "
Me : " Ah , so you are into hacking .
By the way do you know any programming languages ? "
" Ah , so you are into hacking .
By the way do you know any programming languages ? "
Him : " Yeah , of course . "
" Yeah , of course . "
Me : " Which ones ? "
" Which ones ? "
Him : " I ca n't tell you or else you 'll use them . "
" I can't tell you or else you 'll use them . "
Me : " Just by mentioning C++ or Pascal or whatever will not instantly make me a genius with those languages . "
" Just by mentioning C++ or Pascal or whatever will not instantly make me a genius with those languages . "
Him : " Oh sorry , I did n't understand you .
Yeah , I know C++ and Pascal . "
" Oh sorry , I did n't understand you .
Yeah , I know C++ and Pascal . "
Me : " What compiler do you use ? "
" What compiler do you use ? " Him : " Well , QBasic is my favorite . "
" Well , QBasic is my favorite . "
Me : " Nobody over the age of eight uses QBasic for serious purposes . "
" Nobody over the age of eight uses QBasic for serious purposes . "
Him : " But they made Windows with QBasic . "
I almost cried laughing .
One day I was in a public park , reading " C++ For Dummies " when someone came up and asked me what I was reading .
I told him I was reading a book about C++.
He responded , " Oh , HTML kicks C++'s @ $$ . "
Teacher : " You ca n't do spaces in HTML .
If you see spaces on web pages , then they must be using java to override basic HTML .
Java saved the Internet , because it removes limitations of HTML , but it 's beyond the scope of this course to show you how to do it . "
My Friend : " Yesterday , I reprogrammed my computer . "
" Yesterday , I reprogrammed my computer . "
Me : " Okay .... "
" Okay .... "
My Friend : " Not my Mac , but my PC .
It has Windows Vista . "
" Not my Mac , but my PC .
It has Windows Vista . "
Me : " Yes , and what language did you use ? "
" Yes , and what language did you use ? "
My Friend : ( pause ) " English . "
( pause ) " English . "
Me : " English ? "
" English ? " My Friend : " Yeah , English . "
I was the night - time operator for a university in the northern part of the state .
We ran our administrative jobs locally , and the students submitted their jobs to us .
We read their card decks into our IBM 370/115 which transmitted them to the IBM 370/165 at the capital which sent the results back to be printed .
We then wrapped the listing around the kiddies ' card decks and put them out for them to pick up .
One evening a student was in the pickup area , looking at her listing , and crying .
We operators were not required to help students , but if we had some extra time , we always did .
I asked her what was wrong , and she said her program was n't working right .
I took the listing and looked it over .
It was the first exercise given to first semester COBOL students .
I saw nothing wrong with it .
No compiler errors , no JCL errors , and the printout from the run even looked correct .
So I said , " I do n't see any errors . "
At that point she let out a great wail and sob .
" I know ! " she cried .
" That 's the problem ! "
" Huh ? " I said .
It turned out the the instructor told the class what all instructors tell their classes for the first computer program they ever write .
" Do n't worry about errors the first time you submit your deck .
People always get errors the first time . "
Well , through some fluke of improbability , this girl managed to write a flawless program and key it into the key punch flawlessly and got a flawless run the very first time she tried it .
The instructor told her to expect errors .
She did n't get them , so she thought she was doing something wrong .
I once worked for the IT department of a small manufacturing company .
The new Vice President of IT claimed that he had been a programmer for more than twenty years prior .
One time we were in a meeting with a software company we hired to build our web site for us .
As they explained that the web pages would be written in HTML and Javascript , this VP stops them cold and says , " None of my guys here work with any of that Javascript stuff !
This is a SQL shop !
I only want these web pages written in SQL so we can support it ourselves ! "
Rather than correct a man who'd been a programmer for twenty years , I sat there with an amused look on my face for the remainder of the meeting .
So did the people from the software company .
Someone else 's shell script I saw at work today was extensively commented , including this gem of non-information .
export PATH # Export path
User : " Hey , can you help me ?
My program does n't work . "
" Hey , can you help me ?
My program does n't work . "
Consultant : " What is the problem ?
Are you using Turbo Pascal ? "
" What is the problem ?
Are you using Turbo Pascal ? "
User : " Yes , the program just blocks the machine . "
" Yes , the program just blocks the machine . "
Consultant : " Well , does it compile ? "
" Well , does it compile ? "
User : " I do n't know -- it just does n't run .
You see ?
There 's the EXE file .
If you run it , it blocks the machine . "
" I do n't know -- it just does n't run .
You see ?
There 's the EXE file .
If you run it , it blocks the machine . "
Consultant : " And where is your source , the PAS file ? ? "
" And where is your source , the PAS file ? ? "
User : " I wrote it and renamed it to EXE so it could run . "
One thing that many will run into in the computer industry , is employers who are rather clueless and yet do n't necessarily realize this .
In 1996 , a friend told me about a boss he had that needed a C program written for him .
After a week , the boss complained that the program was n't done , and he asked my friend what was taking so long .
Friend : " The program is written , and I 'm debugging it . "
" The program is written , and I 'm debugging it . "
Boss : " What 's wrong with you people ?
You make programming more difficult than it needs to be .
I have Frontpage Express to write web pages with , and when I write code with it , I never need to debug it .
If you were as good of a programmer as me , you 'd never need to debug either . "
I was making my way through MSDN , looking at Win32 API console functions to make my own gotoxy ( ) function in Visual C++ 6.0 .
My C++ programming teacher looked at my screen and asked :
Teacher : " What are you doing ? "
" What are you doing ? " Me : " I 'm trying to find out how to make a gotoxy ( ) in Visual C++. I 'll have to use Win32 API functions . "
" I'm trying to find out how to make a gotoxy ( ) in Visual C++. I 'll have to use Win32 API functions . "
Teacher : " No you do n't have to use API functions !
Just take Borland C++ 3.1 headers and put them in Visual C++ 6.0 include directory . "
" No you do n't have to use API functions !
Just take Borland C++ 3.1 headers and put them in Visual C++ 6.0 include directory . "
Me : " Heuh ....... "
Unfortunately , Borland C++ 3.1 was designed for DOS and Win16 .
Visual C++ works on Win32 .
Worse , headers only contain types and class declarations , defines , and function prototypes .
I do n't know how my teacher thought this would work .
Programmer : " What do you mean , I ca n't initialize things in an assert ( ) ? "
During a code review , when I asked why ( besides the source control file headers ) there was not a comment in 240,000 lines of code which was getting handed over to me for maintenance , the programmer replied , " I 'm terse . "
I found this comment in a program I was given to edit :
if x then
# if condition is true
[ do something ]
end if .
It literally said " if condition is true ; " it was n't an expansion on the significance of x .
I was helping a friend with some code .
In the code , I found the line :
x = x ;
and removed it .
I made some further changes and send the code back to him .
He told me he still had errors .
So he sent me his code again , and again I found the same line .
I asked him why he kept putting that in there , and he replied , " So x does n't lose its value . "
One time a girl in my introduction to programming class told me that she hated Microsoft and started using UNIX to compile her programs .
Later on , she emailed me and said she hated UNIX now , too , because it would compile her program but not allow her to retrieve her data .
So I asked her to send her code to me , and I would take a look at it .
I stumbled upon this :
int addandsubtract ( int a , int b )
{
return ( a + b ) ;
return ( b - a ) ;
}
I asked her the purpose of this function , and she told me she wanted to first get the sum of a and b and then get the difference .
She did n't understand why this would n't work , and it took me an hour or so to explain why .
I teach a C programming course .
For one of the assignments , somebody once copied a program verbatim from a fellow student who did the course two years before .
He did pay attention , though : following the updated course material , which said that ' main ' should return an error code , he changed :
void main ( ... ) { ... }
to :
int void main ( ... ) { ... }
Needless to say , the program did n't even compile .
In college , I worked as a teaching assistant for an introductory programming language .
For most of the people in the class , this was probably their first and only programming class .
One day , I was doing program code reviews with a handful of students .
This one girl gave me her code , and , after looking at it , I asked why she had repeated a certain line twice :
let x = 7 ;
let x = 7 ;
She said , " Just in case it did n't get set right the first time . "
When a computer professor asked his students to comment all their programs , he got remarks like :
" This program is very nice . "
" This program is very difficult . "
" This program is very interesting . "
I found this comment in some code I had to maintain :
/* This function is BOOL but actually returns TRUE ,
FALSE and - 2 because I 've no time to change it
to int */
Did n't it take more time to write the comment ?
When I was studying programming , one of my classmates was having serious troubles with his program .
When he asked me for help , I leaned over his screen and saw all of his code in comments .
The reason : " Well , it compiles much faster that way . "
In college I worked as a consultant .
One day this grad student was having trouble with his Fortran program and brought the printout to me .
He said he kept changing things but could n't get it to run correctly .
His analysis : " I get the feeling that the computer just skips over all the comments . "
I tutored college students who were taking a computer programming course .
A few of them did n't understand that computers are not sentient .
More than one person used comments in their Pascal programs to put detailed explanations such as , " Now I need you to put these letters on the screen . "
I asked one of them what the deal was with those comments .
The reply : " How else is the computer going to understand what I want it to do ? "
Apparently they would assume that since they could n't make sense of Pascal , neither could the computer .
I was taking an introductory programming course .
One assignment was to do a little payroll program , including some data validation .
The program was supposed to accept terminal input and send output back to either the console or a printer .
Suddenly the printer began spewing out paper like crazy .
One of the students ( a particularly mouthy woman ) had programmed a less - than - helpful error message ( " YOU ARE WRONG " ) and then not provided any exit from the error - checking logic -- the program just re-read the last ( failing ) input and re-tested it .
All in all , it was a very nice infinite loop .
After spitting through about fifty pages of " YOU ARE WRONG , " somebody cut power to the printer , and the instructor had to flush the print queue manually .
He went back to the student and asked if she had tested the program by sending the output to the console before trying to print it , and she said , yes , she had tested it on the console and ended up with a screen full of " YOU ARE WRONG " messages .
Why , then , had she sent her output to the printer ?
" I thought I would be daring ! "
A colleague wrote the documentation for the return codes from a set of functions in one of his DLLs .
Among the documentation was this :
/* Return code=1 : generic error condition
Return code=2 : all other error conditions */
I was taking a C programming class once , and the class was divided up into two programming teams .
On my team we had a woman who was totally out of her league .
What earned her legendary status was doing a global search and replace , swapping out asterisks for ampersands , because she felt the asterisks were n't " working . "
I was just teaching an optional class on C programming ; in the first class meeting , I asked , " Does anybody know anything about programming ? "
To which one of my students gleefully replied , " I know how to use a chat program ! "
I was asked to maintain a shell script that was taking too long to run and was n't reliable .
Among other horrors , the one that gave me the best mix of laughter and fear was a repeated construct like this :
display=`env | grep DISPLAY | sed 's /[^=]*=//g'`
DISPLAY=$display
export DISPLAY
This made me scratch my head for a moment , until I realized that this was a complete no - op .
It 's equal to DISPLAY=$DISPLAY ( except when the grep command pulls out the wrong thing ) .
This was repeated for something like a dozen environment variables .
I still cannot fathom the logic of it .
I ended up doing a complete rewrite .
I was asked about taking on a contract to maintain a piece of software .
Something about the way it was presented made me wary .
I asked to look over it first .
What a sight !
I use it as an example of why not to use global variables .
Among other things , there were files with suites of functions on the following order :
adjust_alpha( )
{
alpha = gamma + offset * 3 ;
}
adjust_beta ( )
{
beta = gamma + offset * 3 ;
}
Dozens of functions that differed only by the global variable they modified .
Just picture it : a multi - thousand line program with a graphical interface and a database that never used function parameters .
The original programmer painted himself into a corner with his variable names .
Clearly if you need variables " up , " " down , " " left , " and " right , " you name them as such .
When he found himself needing those direction names in different parts of his program but was stuck because global variable names had to be unique , his solution was to use names like :
up , _up , up_ , Up , uP , UP , _Up , _UP
down , _down , down_ , Down , dOWN , DOWN , _Down , _DOWN
... and so on .
Even the densest of my students comprehended immediately why that was bad .
Needless to say , I turned down the job .
While working on a programming project in highschool with a friend , I mentioned to him that if he really wants to name his variables things like x , xx , and xx2 , he should at least put comments saying what they 're used for .
The next time I looked over his shoulder , I saw this :
int x ; // x is an int
Some years ago , a friend and I were jointly writing a game in C ++.
We were repeatedly getting inexplicable access violation errors in a piece of code which should have been rock solid .
Eventually we found something like this , obviously left over from a past debugging hack :
(( class CNetwork *) 0x05 af12b0 ) -> Initialise ( ) ;
It had gone unnoticed for a while because , out of sheer luck , all the builds we 'd done since that hack had n't changed the address in memory of that particular instance of CNetwork .
Obviously we had eventually changed something which caused it to be allocated elsewhere : cue major chaos .
If anyone has heard of a dumber programming practice than hardcoding a pointer , I 'd like to see it !
This was found in code written by an ex-employee .
strcpy ( vl_name,"00000000000000000 " ) ;
strcpy ( vl_volume , " 000000 " ) ;
strncpy ( temp1, vl_lud,4 ) ;
temp1 [ 4 ] ='\0 ' ;
strncpy ( temp2, vl_name+4,13 ) ;
tem p2[ 13 ] ='\0 ' ;
strcat ( temp1,temp2 ) ;
strcpy ( temp2 , " " ) ;
sprintf ( temp2 , " %d " , vl_serial_num ) ;
temp1 [ 7 ] ='\0 ' ;
strcat ( temp1,temp2 ) ;
strcat ( temp1,"000000000 " ) ;
tem p1 [ 8 ] ='. ' ;
strncpy ( temp1,temp1,9 ) ;
temp1 [ 9 ] ='\0 ' ;
strcat ( temp1,vl_data_set_name ) ;
temp1 [ 17 ] ='\0 ' ;
strcpy ( vl_name, temp1 ) ;
strcpy ( vl_volume , " 1 " ) ;
My friend is a programming teacher at a local high school , where there are two programming classes -- one taught by him and one by another teacher .
Recently he spent WEEKS preparing the major assessment that both classes would do , a large assignment that the students would work on for the next few months .
As well as making the question sheet for the students , he also made an answer sheet for the other teacher , so that she could familiarize herself with the assignment before giving it to her class .
But this other teacher knows NOTHING about programming and was n't able to tell the difference between the question sheet and answer sheet , and so she wound up photocopying the answer sheet and handing it out to every student in her class .
She no longer teaches programming .
This little bit of Java was written as part of a group project at university .
The friend who passed it to me has been bouncing off the walls about the quality of the guilty party 's code ( silly things like defining error and success codes with the same value so you do n't know what the return code means and stuff like that ) , but this is the most obviously stupid bit .
public int convertItoi( Integer v)
{
if ( v.intValue ( ) ==1 ) return 1 ;
if ( v.intValue ( ) ==2 ) return 2 ;
if ( v.intValue ( ) ==3 ) return 3 ;
if ( v.intValue ( ) ==4 ) return 4 ;
if ( v.intValue ( ) ==5 ) return 5 ;
if ( v.intValue ( ) ==6 ) return 6 ;
if ( v.intValue ( ) ==7 ) return 7 ;
return 0 ;
}
Days ago I had to fix a bug into our software .
The person that originally wrote the module quit , so I had total control of the source code .
I totally rewrote half of the code when I found things like :
int i ;
memset ( &i , 0 , sizeof ( int ) ) ;
And :
switch ( k ) {
case 9 : printf ( " 9
" ) ;
case 8 : if ( k==8 ) printf ( "
8
" ) ;
case 7 : if ( k==7 ) printf ( " 7
" ) ;
// and so on ...
}
I wondered why he put the " if " clauses , but then I noticed that none of the cases has its " break " statement , so if he found that if k was 9 , the program printed 9 , 8 , 7 , etc .
So I think he added the " if " clauses to fix that behavior .
The masterpiece , however , was the following , where two consecutive errors actually caused the program to work fine :
char msg [ 40 ] ;
unsigned char k , j ;
memset ( msg , 0 , 41 ) ; /* to set the terminator */
j = k ;
...
Of course the " memset " was supposed to reset the msg variable , but it actually also reset k , for which no initialization was provided ; could be a deliberate if hackish and unreliable solution , but that " set the terminator " comment gives it away .
In fact , all over his code he managed to add one for the " terminator , " one byte past the end of the character array he was working on .
About four years ago , I was working on a project that , among other things , involved porting several million lines of code .
While not technically real - time , the code needed to be reasonably fast .
At one point , I found the following gem :
unsigned long reverse ( unsigned long the Word )
{
unsigned long result = 0 ;
int i ;
for ( i = 0 ; i < 32 ; ++i ) {
if ( the Word & ( unsigned long ) pow ( 2.0 , ( double ) i ) )
result += ( unsigned long ) pow ( 2.0 , ( double ) ( 31 - i ) ) ;
}
return result ;
}
Obviously , the purpose was to reverse the bits in a word .
Naturally , I called all of my colleagues over to see this , and we all marvelled at how someone would think that a conversion to floating - point , a function call , and a conversion to integer could be faster than one shift operation .
To say nothing of the possibility of rounding errors completely screwing up the , um , algorithm .
Not wanting to leave an exercise for the reader , here 's the replacement :
unsigned long reverse ( unsigned long the Word )
{
unsigned long result = 0 ;
int i ;
for ( i = 0 ; i < 32 ; ++i ) {
if ( the Word & ( 1 << i ) )
result += 1 << ( 31 - i ) ;
}
return result ;
}
An introductory programming student once asked me to look at his program and figure out why it was always churning out zeroes as the result of a simple computation .
I looked at the program , and it was pretty obvious :
begin
readln ( " Number of Apples " , apples ) ;
readln ( " Number of Carrots " , carrots ) ;
readln ( " Price for 1 Apple " , a_price ) ;
readln ( " Price for 1 Carrot " , c_price ) ;
writeln ( " Total for Apples " , a_total ) ;
writeln ( " Total for Carrots " , c_total ) ;
writeln ( " Total " , total ) ;
total := a_total + c_total ;
a_total := apples * a_price ;
c_total := carrots + c_price ;
end ;
Me : " Well , your program can't print correct results before they 're computed . "
" Well , your program can't print correct results before they 're computed . "
Him : " Huh ?
It 's logical what the right solution is , and the computer should reorder the instructions the right way . "
At my previous job , we were porting a UNIX system to Windows NT using Microsoft VC ++.
A colleague of mine , that was in the process of porting his portion of the code , came to me , looking really upset .
Colleague : " Hey !
I hate these Microsoft guys !
What a rotten compiler !
It only accepts 16,384 local variables in a function ! "
I ran across this gem while debugging someone else 's old code once :
if ( value == 0 )
return value ;
else
return 0 ;
I found this buried in our code somewhere :
if ( a )
{
/* do something */
return x ;
}
else if (! a )
{
/* do something else */
return y ;
}
else
{
/* do something entirely different */
return z ;
}
I had a probationary programmer working for me .
Needless to say , he never got to be permanent .
One day I was inspecting his C code and found this :
if ( a = 1 ) {
... some code ...
} else {
... some other code ...
}
I told him the " else " clause will never get executed because of his " if " statement .
I asked him to figure out why .
He said he'd " investigate " it first .
I allowed him to " investigate , " since it had not been a critical task .
A day later , he told me he figured out the problem .
He said he used an incorrect operand in the " if " statement -- it should have been == instead of = , which was absolutely correct .
But then he emailed me his revised code .
a = 1 ;
if ( a == 1 ) {
... some code ...
} else {
... some other code ...
}
What the ...?
I asked him if the " a = 1 " part was necessary and not just a fragment of debug code he forgot to remove .
He said it was necessary .
So I asked him if the " else " statement would ever be executed .
He said yes .
I asked him to give me a situation when such would occur .
He said he'd get back to me with the explanation .
I kicked him out of the project that same afternoon .
Once I ran across code that did this to test the i-th bit in a byte - wide value :
if ( value && ( int ) pow ( 2, i ) )
{
...
}
Digging in the code a colleague wrote years ago , I found the following :
EndWhile = 0 ;
while ( EndWhile == 0 )
{
...
if ( index < MAX )
EndWhile = 0 ;
else
EndWhile = 1 ;
index = index + 1 ;
}
Years ago , I put a simple , fortune cookie style program out on an FTP site .
It was too simplistic to look at environment variables or configuration files to look for the location of the fortune cookie database file ; the path was compiled into the executable .
I provided the source , so if you wanted to change the path it was installed in , you had to change it in the source file and recompile .
Since I put it out , every so often I 'll get an email message commenting on it .
Recently , I received a message asking for help trying to get the thing to work .
He could n't get the executable to find the database file properly .
I answered him , and he mailed back saying nothing helped .
I mailed him again , saying that the readme file which was included in the archive should have very detailed instructions .
He mailed me back saying the readme file did n't help him .
So he mailed me the source code file , asked me to change it to the way it should be , then mail it back to him .
I told him , but as I was typing in my final reply , a horrific thought occurred to me .
So I asked :
Me : " I assume you have a C compiler , right ? "
" I assume you have a C compiler , right ? "
User : " What 's a C compiler ??????/
I 've been editing it using the DOS editor . "
I was working for a consulting firm that was called in to help another firm that was doing some fairly important UNIX work for a large Wall Street firm .
They were all Mac programmers that had taken a week long course in UNIX , C programming , and UI programming for this particular workstation .
I took a look at their C code and it was littered with the following code statement :
strcat ( string , " \0 " ) ;
I asked why they were doing this .
The reply was , in a " do n't you know ? " tone of voice : " All strings in C must end in a null zero ! "
Trying to explain that strcat would n't work unless the null terminator was there already just got me blank stares .
I 've seen this code excerpt in a lot of freeware gaming programs for UNIX :
/*
* Bit values .
*/
#define BIT_0 1
#define BIT_1 2
#define BIT_2 4
#define BIT_3 8
#define BIT_4 16
#define BIT_5 32
#define BIT_6 64
# define BIT_7 128
# define BIT_8 256
#define BIT_9 512
#define BIT_10 1024
#define BIT_11 2048
#define BIT_12 4096
#define BIT_13 8192
#define BIT_14 16384
#define BIT_15 32768
#define BIT_16 65536
#define BIT_17 131072
#define BIT_18 262144
#define BIT_19 524288
#define BIT_20 1048576
#define BIT_21 2097152
#define BIT_22 4194304
#define BIT_23 8388608
#define BIT_24 16777216
#define BIT_25 33554432
#define BIT_26 67108864
#define BIT_27 134217728
#define BIT_28 268435456
#define BIT_29 536870912
#define BIT_30 1073741824
#define BIT_31 2147483648
A much easier way of achieving this is :
#define BIT_0 0x00000001
#define BIT_1 0x00000002
#define BIT_2 0x00000004
#define BIT_3 0x00000008
#define BIT_4 0x00000010
...
#define BIT_28 0x10000000
#define BIT_29 0x20000000
#define BIT_30 0x40000000
#define BIT_31 0x80000000
An easier way still is to let the compiler do the calculations :
# define BIT_0 ( 1 )
# define BIT_1 ( 1 << 1 )
# define BIT_2 ( 1 << 2 )
# define BIT_3 ( 1 << 3 )
# define BIT_4 ( 1 << 4 )
...
# define BIT_28 ( 1 << 28 )
# define BIT_29 ( 1 << 29 )
# define BIT_30 ( 1 << 30 )
# define BIT_31 ( 1 << 31 )
But why go to all the trouble of defining 32 constants ?
The C language also has parameterized macros .
All you really need is :
# define BIT( x ) ( 1 << ( x ) )
Anyway , I wonder if guy who wrote the original code used a calculator or just computed it all out on paper .
When I was still a student , I worked as an admin for the university CS dept .
Part of this job involved time in the student labs .
Our network was a conglomeration of Suns and SGIs and was generally confusing for novice users who do n't understand the concept of multiuser , multitasking , networked computers .
Around the room are large signs explaining how to log in , along with big warnings about not removing power unless you like the idea of having a grad student running a several million variable modeling project he 's been working on for several years show up and beat you death with research papers .
You would be amazed how many people try to type in a program at the " Login : " prompt , and then turn the machine off when they are done .
The worst of the bunch then complain about not being able to find the program they just typed in at the login prompt .
I was looking through a shell script I had written recently , and I almost died when I saw some of the code .
I 'm embarrassed to admit it , but here 's one thing I had done :
if ( $var = value ) then
# do something
else
# do the exact same thing as in the other code
endif
While in college , I used to tutor in the school 's math lab .
A student came in because his BASIC program would not run .
He was taking a beginner course , and his assignment was to write a program that would calculate the recipe for oatmeal cookies , depending upon the number of people you 're baking for .
I looked at his program , and it went something like this :
10 Preheat oven to 350
20 Combine all ingredients in a large mixing bowl
30 Mix until smooth
.
.
.
A " software engineer " I used to work with once had a problem with his code that looked something like this :
a_pointer ->fn ( ) ;
It caused a General Protection error .
He knew C , but not C++ --
I did , so he asked me for help .
I told him to check to see if the pointer was NULL before making the call .
A couple of hours later he came back ; the problem was still happening .
if ( a_pointer == NULL )
{
LogError ( ) ;
}
a_pointer ->fn ( ) ;
I said , " You need a return statement after the LogError call . "
He said , thoughtfully , " Where does it return to ? "
A friend of mine wanted to keep track of the other users on the UNIX systems of our university .
There is a nice command " last " on UNIX which will list the last users to have logged in .
So he wrote a script that 'd log in to all workstations of the department by remote shell and run the " last " command , with the results sent back to the originating host , to be collected in aggregate form .
He called this little script " last " -- same name as the UNIX system command -- and put it in his home directory .
His path was set up so his home directory had a higher precedence than the UNIX bin directories .
So when he ran the " last " command , it would use his own script instead of the system command .
So he ran the script .
It logged in to all the other workstations just fine .
Then it ran the " last " command -- the one in his home directory , of course , not the system command .
You can guess what happened .
It got in an infinite loop that tried to log into every workstation an infinite number of times .
This very effectively nuked off the whole department , and all workstations had to be shut down for it to stop .
One of our customers , a major non-US defense contractor , complained that their code ran too slowly .
It was a comedy of errors .
Act I
Contractor : " Can you make our code run faster ? "
" Can you make our code run faster ? " Tech Support : " Yes , but we have to take a look at it . "
" Yes , but we have to take a look at it . "
Contractor : " We can 't , the code is classified . "
" We can 't , the code is classified . "
Tech Support : " Can you explain to me what your code is doing ? "
" Can you explain to me what your code is doing ? "
Contractor : " No , that 's classified . "
" No , that 's classified . "
Tech Support : " Can you tell us what functions you use ? "
" Can you tell us what functions you use ? "
Contractor : " No that 's classified . "
Act II
So , on a hunch , we sent them the latest version of our software for Windows NT .
Contractor : " Why is this running faster on our 800MHz Pentium than on our VAX ? "
" Why is this running faster on our 800MHz Pentium than on our VAX ? "
Tech Support : " When did you buy that VAX ? "
" When did you buy that VAX ? " Contractor : " Some time in the late 1980s . "
Act III
Finally , some of their code was declassified .
We looked at it , and one piece of it contained a routine for reading one million or so integers from a file .
Rather than opening the file once and reading them all in , there was a loop : it would open the file , read the first integer , and close it ; then open it again , read the second integer , and close it ; etc .
This just absolutely amazes me .
RJ Writes , " When I first began working at the company in question , I was trying to get a handle on the flow of database queries during a fund transfer , so I enabled query logging , and stepped through an example transaction .
( Platform , PHP / MySQL on Linux ) .
For any who read this : DON'T PANIC - the system never saw real production use until after it was completely revamped in a proper DBMS .
Order of SQL Queries for " Dispatcher sending funds " transaction :
Example transaction : customer sends funds from US location to overseas location in Buenos Aires , Argentina , which will then disburse the money to a 3rd party .
1. user logs in : ( POST from / php/dispatcher_log.php to /php/members.php , redirects to / forms / welcome.php upon success ) a. select from ' uaccount ' b. insert into ' session ' , ' log ' c. select from ' profile ' ( did n't bother with details on these queries )
2. user clicks on ' Dispatcher ' ( / forms/dispatcher_menu.php ) a. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 c. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 d. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
3. user clicks on ' Sending Money ' ( / php/dispatcher_tx -1.2.php ) a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Dispatchers_tmp` c. insert into Dispatchers_tmp ( tid ) values ( '0351634373 ' ) ; d. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' e. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' f. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' g. select disp_rx_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' h. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 i. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 j. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 k. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
4. user enters remote location ( ZIP or city !?! -- is n't there a better way ? ) a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Dispatchers_tmp` c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' d. select profile .* from profile left join uaccount on profile.uid = uaccount.uid where ( city like ' % Buenos Aires % ' or zipcode like '% Buenos Aires % ' ) and uaccount. type= ' 102 ' and uaccount.uid <> 2192 e. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 f. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 g. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 h. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
5. user clicks on a remote dispatcher ( still at / php/ dispatcher_tx - 1.2. php ) a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Dispatchers_tmp` c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' ( keeps state of last transaction # even after logout / login ) d. update Dispatchers_tmp set disp_rx_id = '2191 ' where tid= '0351634373 ' e. select profile .* from profile left join uaccount on profile.uid = uaccount.uid where ( city like ' % % ' or zipcode like ' % % ' ) and uaccount. type= ' 102 ' and uaccount.uid <> 2192 f. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 g. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 h. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 ( again ? ) i. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
6. ( Again !?
must be a page refresh here , to dispatcher_tx - 1.2.php?action=amount , because everything starts again ) a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS ` Dispatchers_tmp ' c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' d. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' e. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' f. select disp_rx_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' g. select profile.fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=2191 h. select amount from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' i. select sender_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' j. select receptor_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' k. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 l. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 m. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 n. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
7. user enters amount , submits ( to /php/dispatcher_tx-1.2.php?action=search_sender ) a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS ` Dispatchers_tmp ' c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' d. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' e. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' f. select disp_rx_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' g. select profile.fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=2191 h. update Dispatchers_tmp set amount = 34 where tid = ' 0351634373 ' ; i. select amount from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' j. select sender_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' k. select receptor_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351634373 ' l. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 m. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 n. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 o. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
8. user enters new uaccount for receptor ( submits to / php/ dispatcher_tx - 1.2.php ) a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Dispatchers_tmp` ... c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' d. LOCK TABLES uaccount WRITE insert into uaccount values ( null , '13 jQ8ghw9b ' , 'tester.testingperson@notreallythecompany.com ' , ' 13 jQ8ghw9 b ' , 'N', 0,0,100,0 , '0.20 ' , '0.20 ' , '0.02 ' , '0.20 ' , '') UNLOCK TABLES e. LOCK TABLES profile WRITE insert into profile ( uid , fname , lname , address1 , address2 , city , state , zipcode , countrycode , nphone , secretquestion , secretanswer ) values ( 3278 , 'tester ' , 'testingperson ' , '123 Santander ' , '' , ' Buenos Aires ' , ' Argentina ' , '00000 ' , 'CO ' , '011-456450546 ' , ' uaccount opened by ' , '2192 ' ) UNLOCK TABLES f. LOCK TABLES Dispatchers_tmp WRITE update Dispatchers_tmp set receptor_id = '3278 ' where tid= '0103252648 ' UNLOCK TABLES h. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' i. select disp_rx_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' j. select profile .
fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=2191 k. select amount from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' l. select sender_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' m. select profile.fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=3277 n. select receptor_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' o. select profile.fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=3278 p. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 q. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 r. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 s. select date_format ( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
9 . ( I guess page re-directs , because it starts all over again : ) a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS ` Dispatchers_tmp` ( c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' d. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' e. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' f. select disp_rx_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' g. select profile.fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=2191 h. select amount from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' i. select sender_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' j. select profile.fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=3277 k. select receptor_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' l. select profile.fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=3278 m. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 n. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 o. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 p. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
10 . ( and I guess page re-directs again , ending up at / php/ dispatcher_tx -1.2.php?action=confirm ) a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Dispatchers_tmp` ( ... c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' d. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' e. select disp_rx_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' f. select profile.fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=2191 g. select amount from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' h. select sender_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' i. select profile.fname , profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=3277 j. select receptor_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' k. select profile.fname, profile.mname,profile.lname,profile.address1,profile.address2,profile.city , profile.zipcode,uaccount.email from profile LEFT JOIN uaccount ON profile.uid=uaccount.uid where uaccount.uid=3278 l. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 m. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 n. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 o. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
11 . Now , from here we have the final " sending " confirmation ( POSTs either $ submit or $ delete to //php/dispatcher_tx-1.2.php ) ( redirects to printing page , and then back to beginning " Send " form . ) a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Dispatchers_tmp` ( ... c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' d. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' e. select uaccountno from uaccount where uid= ' 2192 ' f. select uaccountno from uaccount where uid= ' 2191 ' g. LOCK TABLES trans WRITE insert into trans values ( null , '0103252648 ' , '6GjSid8 KoJ ' , '34f9 YC78 AZ ', '0102 ',42.45 , 'USD ',20020128122249 , null , 'Y ' , null ) UNLOCK TABLES h. LOCK TABLES uaccount WRITE update uaccount set balance =balance -42.45 ,available=available-42.45 where uid=2192 UNLOCK TABLES i. LOCK TABLES uaccount WRITE update uaccount set balance =balance +42.45 ,available=available+42.45 where uid=2191 UNLOCK TABLES j. LOCK TABLES trans WRITE insert into trans values ( null , '0103252648 ' , '6GjSid8KoJ ' , '34f9 YC78 AZ ', '0102 ',1, 'USD ',20020128122249 , null , 'Y ' , null ) UNLOCK TABLES k. LOCK TABLES uaccount WRITE update uaccount set balance =balance - 1 , available=available - 1 where uid=2192 UNLOCK TABLES l. LOCK TABLES uaccount WRITE update uaccount set balance =balance +1 , available=available +1 where uid=2191 UNLOCK TABLES m. LOCK TABLES trans WRITE insert into trans values ( null , '0103252648 ' , '6GjSid8KoJ ' , ' TESTAC0002 ' , '0102 ',1, 'USD ',20020128122249 , null , 'Y ' , null ) UNLOCK TABLES n. LOCK TABLES uaccount WRITE update uaccount set balance =balance - 1 , available=available - 1 where uid=2192 UNLOCK TABLES o. LOCK TABLES dispatchers_trans WRITE , Dispatchers_tmp READ insert into dispatchers_trans select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' UNLOCK TABLES p. select * from dispatchers_trans where RemID= ' 123 ' q. select * from profile where uid=2192 r. select * from profile where uid=2191 s. select * from profile where uid=3277 t. select * from profile where uid=3278 u. select * from uaccount where uid=2192 v. select * from uaccount where uid=2191 w. select * from uaccount where uid=3277 x. select * from uaccount where uid=3278 y. select * from uaccount where uid=3278 z. select date_format ( '20020128122249 ' , ' % M %d , %Y %H: %i: %s ' ) zz.select date_format ( '' , ' % M %d , %Y %H : %i:%s ' )
12 . Re-direct to printing page a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Dispatchers_tmp` ( ... c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0103252648 ' d. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '' e. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '' f. select disp_rx_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '' g. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 h. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 i. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 j. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
13 . Re-direct back to main " Sending " page a. select type from uaccount where uid=2192 b. CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Dispatchers_tmp` ( ... c. select tid from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351454703 ' d. LOCK TABLES Dispatchers_tmp WRITE insert into Dispatchers_tmp ( tid ) values ( '0351454703 ' ) update Dispatchers_tmp set disp_tx_id = '2192 ' where tid= '0351454703 ' UNLOCK TABLES e. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351454703 ' f. select * from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351454703 ' g. select disp_rx_id from Dispatchers_tmp where tid= '0351454703 ' h. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 i. select valid from bankinfo where uid=2192 j. select email , balance , available , type from uaccount where uid=2192 k. select date_format( curdate ( ) , ' %W , %M %D , %Y ' )
Final count : 134 SELECT statements 26 LOCK TABLE statements 11 CREATE TABLE statements 9 INSERT statements 9 UPDATE statements
Note : it might also be amusing to also bear in mind that " tid " , or Transaction ID , was not an auto - generated number in the database , since the DB designer elected not to create a table for master records and a sub-table for actual monetary value transfers .
Thus , the major ' trans ' table ended up with at least 3 rows for any one transaction , ERGO , you could not make " tid " an auto - generated primary key .
They settled for a nifty little PHP function which would generate a text string of 10 random digits .
Well , actually it was only 9 random digits , because the first digit always returned as " 0 " .
By the time I arrived , they were already getting corruption from duplicate transaction IDs .
" Working with Edge Embossing has accelerated my company ’s ability to prototype microfluidic chips by months .
My microfluidic design was rejected by several companies due to its complexity and 10 micron feature sizes , but Edge Embossing was able hot emboss my design without any issues .
Without their help , I would still be trying to get my first design to work .
Since then , I ’ve sent them 7 other designs , and will definitely be sending more . "
Computing Thoughts
Ruby , PHP and a Conference
by Bruce Eckel
January 26 , 2006
Summary
My previous posting about Ruby generated a lot of noise and very little light -- that is , not much in the way of compelling reasons to learn the language .
So I went to a couple of Seattle.rb Ruby users group meetings and spent time with 3 uber - geeks .
Now I at least have the beginning of an understanding of what 's interesting about this language .
Advertisement
But first , a conference , and what I learned at the PHP meetup .
Conference : Programming the New Web
I 've participated in several OpenSpace events and have held a couple of private ones , and they are easily the most interesting , stimulating and educational ways for people to communicate in a conference setting that I 've ever seen .
If I could figure out a way to do it , I would spend a large portion of my time running OpenSpace events .
I 'm going to be in Crested Butte , Colorado until the end of the ski season , and have decided to hold my first public conference during that time .
I debated about the whole skiing issue ( " what if it looks like a boondoggle to a manager that has to approve it ? " ) , and finally decided that there 's no way around it .
If people come to the event , they will ski , so we 'll open up the best time of the day to let that happen , and organize the conference around it .
If you do n't want to ski , it 's free time .
You can learn more about the conference , register , and buy a T - shirt here .
PHP
The PHP meetup was helpful , but I seem to have generated more questions than answers , mostly because I have n't figured out the best way to use PHP .
I think PHP is what HTML should have been .
That is , not just a markup language , but also something to program with on the server side .
Things would have been much easier had this been the case from the beginning ( of course , had we had a more - standardized and less - heinous language than Javascript on the client side that would have helped everything an awful lot , too ) .
I really like how straightforward PHP is .
You create one file containing both your server - side programming and your HTML markup , drop it into any directory in your URL - space , and it works .
At some point there are probably scaling problems that result from mixing logic and presentation , but up to a certain size and complexity it seems easier to manage than the alternatives , precisely because everything is in one place .
I have an account at GoDaddy , which supports PHP , and all I had to do was drop this file anywhere in the directory tree ( not just in a cgi- bin or other special directory ) , and it worked :
< html > < head > < title > PHP Information </ title > </head > < body > <? php phpinfo( ) ; ?> </ body > </html >
Basically , all this does is display the information about the PHP installation by calling phpinfo( ) , but it gives you the idea of the syntax of PHP , which is familiar if you 've used anything like ASP or JSP .
You can see the output here .
This brought up my first question .
When I signed up for GoDaddy roughly a year ago ( basically just to support downloads ) , I talked to their tech support people who made it sound like they'd be updating to PHP5 any day now .
But here it is a year later , and when I sent an email to them I got a reply indicating they had no immediate plans to do so .
This is disappointing because PHP5 is the Cadillac of PHPs , and the one that I think got IBM 's endorsement .
This version has all the object - oriented stuff in it : classes , interfaces , access control , pretty much everything you 've seen in Java with a bit of C++ here and there .
Basically , it allows you to build serious stuff without feeling like you 've been thrown back into C by using PHP .
But GoDaddy 's reluctance to upgrade bothers me .
Is this typical ; are the major web hosts reluctant to upgrade for some reason ?
And does it matter that much , or will I mostly just be bashing data into and out of a database , so perhaps I do n't need the fancy features anyway ?
( Or will I get into it and discover that I could really clean up some of the database - bashing by writing a few classes and saving a lot of work ? ) .
I do n't know the answer to this ; maybe a PHP expert can tell me .
I do know I 'd like to do more of it , one way or another , because it 's so direct .
I 've seen that a lot of sites use it and do reasonably complex things , and they seem to keep the complexity under control ( ITConversations , for example ) .
And there are tools so that you can easily run PHP locally while you build the site .
The best one of these for Windows is apparently XAMPP , which also supports Linux , OSX and Solaris .
One thing I 've noticed , though , is that I 've gotten very attached to Zope 's through - the - web interface .
I even looked around to see if there was some way to run PHP code through Plone ( the popular CMF built on top of Zope ) and it would seem that there is , but I have no idea how well it works .
In the process of looking through the GoDaddy setup screens , I came across something that claimed it supported Python .
I tried putting a python script , with the #!/ usr / bin on the top , in the cgi-bin directory , set permissions , etc . but it would n't run .
Has anyone tried this ?
I also found something even stranger in the GoDaddy setup screens .
There was an option to " enable " Java , which apparently took 24 hours .
But no information on what you were actually enabling -- like whether it supported Servlets and JSPs or if you were just getting a standard Java installation ( and if the latter how you were expected to use it ) .
If anyone has used this feature , please add a note in the comments ; thanks .
Ruby
When I went to the PHP meetup , Ryan Davis happened to overhear and came over to join us .
Later we got to talking about Ruby and I voiced my current complaints .
He asked me a critical question about what bothered me :
" Is it aesthetics ? "
At which point I realized that yes , I had gotten hung up on aesthetics and similar issues .
For example , looking at all the " end " statements in Ruby is annoying ; I find Python 's indentation much more natural .
I 've noticed that the same people who can't cope with indentation to establish code blocks still indent their code to show code blocks , even if their language uses curly braces or the like .
And yes , some of the things in Ruby that look like Perl have made me recoil .
But Ryan was right , these were aesthetics , and worth getting over , at least temporarily , in order to see what 's really interesting about Ruby .
Ryan described meetings of the Seattle.rb Ruby users group and so I ended up coming to a couple of them and getting some great one - on - one tutorial time with Ryan , Evan Webb and Eric Hodel , all of whom have done some very immersive work with the language .
They all live and breathe this stuff , which is exactly what I needed to get some actual insights into Ruby .
My perception is that I 've been getting very sketchy information up until now .
Bruce Tate 's " Beyond Java " book came closest to showing some of the especially interesting things about Ruby ( continuations , for example ) , but most discussions just do n't seem to have any of the real meat in them that I found by going to the user group meetings .
The first meeting I went to I focused on some of the bigger , fancier things like continuations and threading .
But last night Eric Hodel ( who considers himself lucky to have been able to go directly from college into a Ruby - only existence four years ago ) went through Ryan 's Ruby Quick Reference and basically gave me a walkthrough of the language .
The result : there are definitely some very cool things here .
I do n't know why Ruby fans do n't talk about them , but they 're here .
Whether or not I end up using Ruby for anything , experimenting with some of these things will definitely change my perspective on OO .
In the past , I 've found that after learning Java I could go back and write C++ that I had n't been able to think about before .
Learning Python affected both my C++ and Java code .
And some of these Ruby concepts will certainly improve what I can do with the other languages .
case
In the category of basic language improvements , consider the case statement .
Python does n't have a switch or equivalent , the argument being that it 's effectively a sequence of if - elses .
Which is not too bad in Python ; the language is such that you do n't end up typing much more than you would with a builtin switch .
But C , C++ , Java , and C# ( with the exception of string values ) all insist on using integral values in their case statements .
The reason has traditionally been " efficiency , and because C did it that way . "
The problem with the efficiency argument is that if you want to match anything other than integral values -- and you often do -- then you must write a bunch of other code that does n't use the switch statement , which will end up taking at least as much CPU time , and probably more , than if you could have any kind of case ( yes , C# lets you have string cases and that helps , but it 's not a general solution ) .
And of course it ends up taking significantly more programmer time , which is the actual scarce resource , anymore .
In Ruby , the case statement can match with any object .
It uses the " === " method in Object to perform the match , which can be overridden for your own classes .
Since everything is really an object in Ruby , this includes any type of literal , regular expressions , and object types .
Here 's an example ( comment syntax is like Python's ) :
# File : Case.rb def f( x ) case x when " foo " puts " #{x.class} foo " when /\d +.*/ puts " mixed : # {x} " when String puts " string # {x} " when 1000 ..1500 puts " between 1000 and 1500 : # {x} " when Fixnum puts " Fixnum # {x} " when Object puts " object # {x} # {x.class} " end end f ( " foo " ) f ( " 123abc " ) f ( " bar " ) f( 1066 ) f ( 1 ) f( 1.1 )
The output for the above program is :
$ Ruby Case.rb String foo mixed : 123abc string bar between 1000 and 1500 : 1066 Fixnum 1 object 1.1 Float
You can see that the syntax is kind of backwards ; case is the equivalent of switch in other languages , and the branches are delimited by when .
Regular expressions are similar to Perl 's in that they can be delimited by ' /' ( but you can also create more conventional regular expression objects as you do in Python ) .
One way to insert a variable in a string is to use the ' # {} ' as you see above .
String , Fixnum and Object all represent class objects .
Class types are inherited from Object and thus also have ' === ' defined , so they can be used in a when comparison .
Implied self
One thing I 've never quite bought into in Python is the explicit self .
This is supposed to be because " explicit is better than implicit , " but if that 's true then why is it explicit in the method definition :
class PythonClass : def method ( self ) : self .x = 1 # Create a field x if it does n't exist
but implicit in the method call ?:
pc = PythonClass ( ) pc.method ( )
Ruby follows C++ , Java , C# , and most other languages in making ' self ' or ' this ' implicit everywhere .
It appears only if you need it .
Since you always have self in a method , this makes more sense to me ( albeit it ranks as a small nit ) .
Here are some examples of classes in Ruby :
class MyClass def method1 ( arg1 ) # Like C++ & Java , self is implicit puts arg1 self .f( ) # ... but still available end def f( ) puts " in f ( ) " end def method2 ( arg1 , arg2 ) puts " #{arg1} , # {arg2} " end # Constructor : def initialize ( arg ) puts " In constructor with arg # {arg} " @field = arg end end obj = MyClass.new ( " yo ! " ) obj.method1(" hi " ) obj.method2 ( " hi " , " howdy " ) p obj.class # Inheritance : class MyClass2 < MyClass end # Constructor with arguments automatically passed through : obj = MyClass2.new ( " yow ! " ) class MyClass3 < MyClass2 def initialize ( arg ) super # Passes argument list through to base constructor super ( arg ) # Explicit argument passing end end obj = MyClass3.new ( " bing ! " ) p obj.class.ancestors
# Simple reflection
Here 's the output :
In constructor with arg yo! hi in f( ) hi , howdy MyClass
In constructor with arg yow !
In constructor with arg bing !
In constructor with arg bing !
[ MyClass3 , MyClass2 , MyClass , Object , Kernel ]
Class names must start with a capital letter .
def starts a block ( without you having to say begin ) . initialize ( ) is how you create a constructor , and super can be used to explicitly call the base - class constructor .
Inheritance is indicated with <.
The '@ ' sign is used in place of Python 's self .
to indicate a field .
Although it does make me think of Perl , the brevity is nice .
At the end , note the use of simple reflection , which just calls intuitively - named methods .
The p evaluates and prints the result ; it 's generally used for debugging .
Reflection
As seen above , this is quite intuitive .
For an object , for example , you can say :
p obj.class p obj.methods
For a class , you can find the class methods by saying :
p MyClass3.methods
There 's lots of other stuff like this , which you can discover by poking around .
Open classes
Here 's something quite different .
You can modify an existing class .
Put another way , classes are not " closed , " and anyone 's class can be extended .
class Array def dump for x in self puts x end end end a = [ 1,2,3,4,5 ] a.dump
Array is a built - in class for the object created for square - bracketed lists .
But in the code above it looks like I 'm defining my own class called Array .
But I 'm able to call dump when I create a built - in Array using square brackets .
The output is :
1 2 3 4 5
Thus , you can easily add to any class .
This eliminates the need for a significant number of tools created for other OO languages that modify existing classes : multimethods , AOP ( to some degree , anyway ) , and even the visitor pattern .
Class Variables and Class Methods
Class variables in Ruby are not too different from the way they work in Python , but they are special denoted in Ruby with a leading ' @@ ' symbol .
Not a huge issue , but Python went through some gyrations to produce class methods , ending with the @classmethod decorator .
In Ruby it does n't require any particular meta - text ; it 's consistent with everything else :
class ClassVariablesAndMethods @@classVariable = " initialized " def ClassVariablesAndMethods.classMethod( ) p @@classVariable end end x = ClassVariablesAndMethods.new x.class.classMethod( ) ClassVariablesAndMethods.classMethod ( )
Note that you can't call a class method directly through an instance ; you must call class first .
Prototyping and singleton classes
You can take a single instance and add methods to it :
class X def f( ) puts " f ( ) ! " end end x = X.new x.f( ) def x.g ( ) puts " g ( ) ! " end x.g( ) y = X.new y.f ( ) # y.g () # Undefined method
The method g( ) is only added to x , which you can see because y , created after g( ) is defined , does n't have a g ( ) anyway .
You can do something like prototyping with Python , but I do n't think it 's as obvious .
A singleton class is a slightly more formal way of accomplishing the above :
class X def f( ) puts " f ( ) ! " end end x = X.new class << x def g( ) puts " g ( ) ! " end end x.g ( )
Modules and mixins
One thing that has been requested , largely by the folks who create Zope , is interfaces in Python .
Since Python is a dynamic language and interfaces tend to be more of a compile - time thing , I 've almost seen the value sometimes , but it 's never pushed me over the edge on the feature .
Modules look like they might be the dynamic language 's answer to interfaces .
Syntactically , a module is a class with the keyword module instead of the keyword class .
So , unlike a Java interface , you can have code in a module ( and , unlike Python , there 's no pass equivalent in Ruby , so you 're basically forced to provide code for all method bodies ) .
Like a Java interface , you can't instantiate a module , you can only use it as a " mixin , " to paste in both interface and functionality into another class .
So a module distributes a common interface and default behavior across class boundaries .
Later , if you change a method definition in that module , it will change in all classes that include that module .
Here 's an example :
module CommonStuff def f( ) puts " f ( ) " end def g( ) puts " g ( ) " end end class Mixed include CommonStuff def h( ) puts " h ( ) " end end def takesCommon ( arg ) if not CommonStuff === arg raise " You have to pass in a Common Stuff ! " end arg .f( ) arg.g( ) end m = Mixed.new m.h( ) takesCommon(m ) begin CommonStuff.new rescue Exception => e puts e end begin takesCommon ( [ ] ) rescue Exception => e puts e end
As you can see , a module is written exactly the same way as you write a class , but the way it is used is constrained .
If you try to create a new object , it tells you that there is no new for CommonStuff .
This attempt uses exception handling ( the rescue clause ) to prevent the program from aborting ; you can also see an Array object passed to takesCommon ( ) at the end .
The output is :
$ Ruby Modules.rb h( ) f( ) g( ) undefined method `new ' for CommonStuff : Module
You have to pass in a CommonStuff !
Exception handling : retry
Telescopes find black holes by looking for bright X - ray sources
More details
Astronomers say the discovery is interesting because many doubted black holes could exist in such locations .
Some computer simulations had suggested a newly formed black hole would simply be ejected from the cluster as a result of gravitational interactions .
Tom Maccarone , of the University of Southampton ( UK ) , and colleagues report the finding in the journal Nature .
It was made using the European Space Agency 's XMM - Newton satellite , with follow - up observations on the US space agency 's Chandra Space Telescope - both are sensitive to the X - ray light that is emitted when gas consumed by a black hole is torn apart .
The international team says its work provides the first convincing evidence that some black holes might not only survive but grow and flourish in globular clusters .
In between
What has astonished the scientists is how quickly the black hole was found .
" We were preparing for a long , systematic search of thousands of globular clusters with the hope of finding just one black hole , " said Dr Maccarone .
" But bingo , we found one as soon as we started the search .
It was only the second globular cluster we looked at . "
The black hole is located in a globular cluster associated with a galaxy named NGC 4472 , some 55 million light - years away .
Globular clusters are among the oldest structures in the Universe .
They contain thousands to millions of stars packed into a region of space just a few tens of light - years across .
These high densities should lead to frequent interactions and even collisions ; and some models have suggested that large black holes - several hundred times the mass of our Sun - could develop in the densest inner regions of clusters .
Other simulations , however , predict that such gravitational interplay would probably eject most or all of the black holes that form in such an environment .
The team is uncertain about the size of the NGC 4472 hole ; but if it is reasonably large - and one interpretation of the X - ray data suggests it could be 400 times the mass of our Sun - it might have been able to anchor itself in the cluster , said co-author Arunav Kundu of Michigan State University , US .
" This is one of the interesting aspects of this study , " he told BBC News .
" People have seen stellar - sized black holes that form from [ an exploded ] star , and then there are the super - massive black holes at the centres of galaxies that are millions of times the mass of our Sun - but there 's nothing in between .
" Some people expect that globular clusters might be the environment where you would see intermediate - mass black holes . "
Dear Cecil :
Where can I join the Millard Fillmore Society ?
W.E.B , Baltimore
Cecil replies :
Dear W. :
The last address I have for the Millard Fillmore Society is out of date and we must face the distressing possibility that the group is no more .
Too bad .
The society sponsored many activities , all dedicated to the honor of the thirteenth President , are an annual birthday party ( January 7 ) , a national essay contest on the theme " What would America be today if there had been no Millard Fillmore ? " , and the publication of a magazine , Milestones With Millard .
No doubt the recent surge of interest in Fillmore is due to several uncanny parallels between Millard ’s career and recent occupants of the White House .
Fillmore , who had the forethought to be born in a log cabin ( thus ensuring that one day he would become president ) , was a political nonentity when he was chosen as the Whig Party ’s vice - presidential candidate in 1848 , sharing the ticket with Zachary Taylor .
Fillmore was selected to give the ticket balance–not , in this case , geographic , but aesthetic .
Taylor , a Mexican War hero , was short , fat , grubby , and crude .
Millard was athletic , handsome , and polite .
Taylor won the election by taking advantage of a squabble between the Democrats and the " Free Soil " Party over the slavery question .
He refused to say anything about the issues at all , anticipating the technique of modern politics by over one hundred years .
But sadly , Taylor died in office after eating too many strawberries on a warm day .
This left the ship of state in Millard Fillmore ’s trembling hands .
Millard faced up to the responsibilities of his new office by doing , as far as anyone could tell , nothing at all .
But every dog has his day , and Fillmore ’s Mayaguez came when he settled an historic dispute between American businessmen and the Peruvian government over the exploitation of Peru ’s guano resources .
( Guano , mined from the mountains of dried sea - gull droppings along the Peruvian coast , made an excellent fertilizer . )
A relieved America showed Fillmore its gratitude .
Fillmore prepared to run for another term , but his party passed him over in favor of another Mexican War hero , Winfield Scott .
A disappointed Fillmore died in 1874 .
His last words , on being given a spoon of soup by his doctor , were the legendary " The nourishment is palatable . "
His greatness , obviously , was with him to the end .
Many people today believe that Fillmore ’s greatest accomplishment while in office was the installation of the first bathtub in the White House .
Alas , this turns out to have been a cruel hoax , perpetrated by newspaperman H.L. Mencken .
On December 28 , 1917 , he included the Fillmore yarn in a column he wrote for the New York Evening Mail .
So many people believed the column , a bogus history of plumbed bathtubs , that Mencken was forced to write a second and third column denying the first one .
Unfortunately , people preferred the hoax to the truth , and to this day trivia books and even a few encyclopedias perpetuate the error .
Cecil is glad to set the record straight here .
The Fillmore legend has no need of embroidering .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
This set features 28 creamy , blendable colors to pair with 7 highly pigmented mattes .
In order to view the gallery , please allow Manage Cookies
~~ New Book : Polynomial Root - Finding and Polynomiography ~~
Bahman Kalantari's book offers fascinating and modern perspectives into the theory and practice of the historical subject of polynomial root - finding .
[ Book cover 's high resolution PDF file - 3.3MB ]
( if downloaded and displayed elsewhere , proper credit must be given to Bahman Kalantari and World Scientific )
Polynomial Root - Finding and Polynomiography , World Scientific , 2009 .
" Bahman Kalantari has created a beautiful new genre of mathematical visual art , that is quite distinct from Fractal Art , and is just as beautiful .
Not only is the art beautiful , but the mathematics and the elegant algorithms that generate it .
This book can be read on quite a few levels , all very rewarding , and will inspire lots of future research and new gorgeous art . "
Doron Zeilberger
Rutgers University , Winner of the Steele Prize
http://www.math.rutgers.edu/~zeilberg/
" Polynomiography is a fascinating meeting of polynomials , iterative systems , and artistry - a great way to explore the marriage of visual and intellectual beauty . "
Ken Perlin
New York University , Winner of the Oscar Prize
http://mrl.nyu.edu/~perlin/
" This book truly is a textbook ...
This is because the author always has the reader in mind , and carefully explains what is going on ...
Although the book is not explicitly addressed to high school teachers or undergraduate students , many chapters are suitable for this readership .
Researchers in this topic might enjoy finding the long lists of references and the many historical remarks , both giving ample suggestions for further readings . "
Mathematical Reviews
What is it with Washington 's pitching ?
Talk about schizophrenic -- Esteban " Steve " Loaiza pitches a 6 - 0 no-hitter into the 5th inning against the Pittsburgh Pirates , only to collapse faster than a cameraman following Kenny Rogers .
Then it was Hector Carrasco 's turn to fumble on the mound .
Then it was Luis " I Can't Believe Frank 's Pitching Him Again " Ayala 's turn to scare the home fans .
The oft - abused Ayala is on pace to make over * one hundred * appearances in relief this season .
As my buddy Brian puts it , if we 're lucky , we may get to go to the game where Ayala 's arm flies off and sails across the plate while still clutching the ball .
Of course , I 'm calling it now , the ball will definitely be outside .
Seriously , Frank Robinson needs to find a way to give his pitchers a break , because right now he 's treating his bullpen like Zed treats his gimps .
Frank , could you please stop going medieval on your pitchers ?
Incredibly , the Nationals still defeated the Pirates by a score of 7 - 5 , earning another sweep at home .
Only this time , instead of dominant pitching the Nats needed the breathing room provided by a rare offensive explosion .
Plenty of hits and runs , and not one but two ( 2 ! ) home runs , one by Brian Schneider and another shot by Vinny Castilla , this one a boomer into the RFK Mezzanine .
A win is a win is a win , and I 'll take it .
But wow , these guys really make their fans sweat .
---
RFK Notes : Wil " Wifebeater " Cordero played first base again for the injured Nick Johnson , and he even managed to hit a double today , doubling (! ) his abysmal batting average .
While that 's certainly progress , I argued early with Brian that I still could n't understand why Frank Robinson would bat the .031 hitter * sixth * in the order , above not only the pitcher but also the decent Brian Schneider and the awful - yet - better - than - Cordero Cristian Guzman .
Brian defended the order , maintaining that the slumping Cordero represented more of a threat than even Schneider .
Next inning , Schneider hits his home run .
End of debate .
---
As thankful as I am to the Washington , D.C. government for delivering the Nationals here , they 've dependably screwed up just about everything else in the process .
Today 's example ?
The traffic into RFK was backed up all the way out onto I - 295 today .
While at 37,361 fans the game was well - attended , there was no obvious excuse for the backup .
As we drove onto the RFK access road , we learned the reason for the delay : the city was taking the time , in the middle of the day , during a baseball game , to patch up potholes in the access road , reducing the road from its - already - too - narrow two lanes to a dreadfully - insufficient single lane .
Uh , guys ?
The Nats are going on a road trip tomorrow .
If you insist on doing the work during the day , you could always wait for the stadium to be empty instead of a day where THIRTY - SEVEN THOUSAND PEOPLE are going to use the road ..
Third .
World .
Country .
Election Fraud & Vote Supression — A Historic National Pastime
Many Liberals and Democrats are concerned , with good reason , that Republicans will use electronic voting machines to steal votes or to fix the vote .
Valid issues have been raised about Diebold as a manufacturer of these machines .
An additional concern Democrats have is that voters of color will be harassed at the polls .
Such is always possible .
A mistake , however , is to assume this behavior is somehow limited to conservatives and Republicans .
Our side has been plenty guilty of these types of frauds .
The era of great liberal victories from the New Deal Era to the Great Society were won in a time when the overwhelming number of blacks were not allowed to vote .
Most liberals did little about this until black people started marching and forcing the issue .
Many Democrats also gained through vote - fixing urban political machines .
The point is here is that our crap stinks as well .
Election fraud and voter suppression are symptoms of the fight for power .
This is a fight that liberals and Democrats , for better and for worse , have fully been a part of in American history .
Update :
If you are using Ubuntu 8.04 LTS “ Hardy Heron ” or Ubuntu 8.10 “ Intrepid Ibex ” , use the packages in the If you are using Ubuntu 8.04 LTS “ Hardy Heron ” or Ubuntu 8.10 “ Intrepid Ibex ” , use the packages in the PPA of the Ubuntu Emacs Lisp team , instead of the packages referenced here .
For Ubuntu 9.04 “ Jaunty Jackalope ” and newer , use the packages in Ubuntu repositories .
Emacs is my editor of choice .
In fact , I should say it ’s my framework of choice , but that ’s for another post .
Until recently , I disliked the poor font backend of Emacs .
So , I was always using Emacs within a terminal window to get a decent looking interface .
However , this grungy font era is over , since Emacs ’s hackers added recently to my favorite editor a XFont backend , thus making possible to use good looking fonts , like Bitstream Vera Sans Mono .
I made a package that makes the installation , as painless as possible .
So , feel free to use it .
However , please note that this is an alpha release of Emacs , therefore it should only be used for testing .
( From my experience , it ’s rock solid . )
Still interested ?
Then , here the instructions .
First , add my repository into your software source list , by adding the following lines to /etc/apt/sources.list :
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/avassalotti/ubuntu feisty main deb-src
http://ppa.launchpad.net/avassalotti/ubuntu feisty main
If you are running Ubuntu 6.10 ( Edgy Eft ) or the current development version of Ubuntu ( Gutsy Gibbon ) , change feisty for edgy or gutsy .
Finally , run either apt - get or aptitude to fetch and install the packages :
sudo aptitude update sudo aptitude install emacs - snapshot emacs- snapshot-el
Now , you need to specify the font you want to use in your Xresources file .
echo " Emacs.font : Monospace - 10 " >> ~/. Xresources xrdb - merge ~/.Xresources
Here , I use the default monospace font , but any other monospaced font should work too .
For example , if you want to use Lucida Sans Typewriter instead , change Monospace - 10 for Lucida Sans Typewriter - 10 in the above command .
And that ’s it !
Now , launch Emacs and enjoy the good looking fonts .
If you need support with the package , just email me at alexandre@peadrop.com .
Update :
Il y a , maintenant , une version en français de ce guide sur le wiki de Ubuntu - fr .
Sort of a continuation of the ongoing maintainability series , it 's time to look at some of the benefits .
And rant because that 's just what I do .
After publishing My Programming Manifesto ( about the things * I* was thinking about at the time ) post , Scott Watermasysk quite correctly stated that usability was very important and completely missing from the manifesto .
The first thing that popped into my mind upon reading Scott 's post was " … it was NOT the perfect country and western song because he had n't said anything about Momma , or trains , or trucks , or prison , or gettin ' drunk " ( if you understand that reference , you are * definitely * a redneck , and I , of course , proudly had the CD in college ) .
So , back to the title , what about Usability ?
Personally , I 'm not very good with usability or GUI design in general , but what I do know from experience is that good usability and happy end users generally result from lots of user and BA feedback early and often throughout the project .
Getting feedback is the first step , but it 's worthless unless you can actually act upon that feedback .
What I do know is how to write software that is maintainable and apply development practices that further enhance maintainability .
In bullet point form , here 's how I think good code and good development practices facilitate good user experiences through the successful application of user feedback .
Slice the development work vertically instead of horizontally .
This was one of the hardest lessons I had to learn when I was new to Extreme Programming .
One of the constraints in defining a user story is that it must be a unit of work that provides observable value to the end users .
Do n't build the data layer or only infrastructure first .
Write features from end to end and get these features in front of users as quickly as possible for early feedback .
The feedback from users on the very usefulness of the project is probably more important than understanding whether or not an architectural choice is technically viable .
In the former , you may need to cancel or reconstitute the entire project .
In the latter you merely need to find a different technical strategy .
Okay , in the latter you may need to cancel the project too .
It 's disappointing sometimes that black and white rules just do n't seem to exist .
You need to be able to push incremental changes of the system for demonstrations to the users , analysts , and designers quickly , reliably , and repeatedly .
A solid Continuous Integration infrastructure and strategy is the best way I know of to make rapid deployment of development builds possible .
You need a maintainable software ecosystem .
Invest in this infrastructure early , because it 'll get harder the longer you wait .
From Scott 's post :
" You need to think early and often about how users will use your software and make sure the code can accommodate that experience and not the other way around .
It is definitely possible to write killer code and then apply it to a killer UI and then refine both as necessary .
However , real world schedules and business practices make this a utopia . "
Actually , to answer Scott 's quote here , look back at bullet number one again about building complete features first .
Simply do n't allow any divergence in schedule between the user interface and the rest of the system if you can possibly help it .
I 'm going to partially disagree with Scott about the code though , or maybe just specifically define " killer " code to mean code that is easy to understand and change .
Say you 've just finished a batch of features and successfully demonstrated these features to the users or user representative .
After using the early version of the UI , the users ask for some changes to the user interface — even though these same people might have quite happily " signed off " on the UI design in some sort of specification or even a mock up .
You do want to make your users happy after all , so you have to break open that existing code and change the user interface without breaking the user interface .
A meticulous attention to separation of concerns ( some flavor of Model View Controller ) in your user interface code can isolate those changes , and make the code changes much smaller than they would be if you jumble display , behavior , navigation , validation , and business logic all in one massive file .
I really do believe that writing orthogonal code will help you create more usable code by giving you much more ability to safely adjust your user interface without breaking its behavior .
From Scott again : " If people love your software they will ask for more … which is when having unit tests / etc becomes that much more important . "
Ditto , and loudly .
Automated tests , and preferably multiple layers of automated tests from the unit level to acceptance testing , do a great deal to enable change .
Not just changes after your first release either .
Automated tests will enable you to more safely change code to accomodate the usability feedback you get from the user representatives during the project .
There 's a persistent , and false , rumour that you cannot write automated tests for the user interface .
You can automate testing for the user interface , but the conventional wisdom and my own experiences say that the best way is to remove as much of the user interface functionality away from the actual view machinery .
It 's worth your time to go learn about , and apply , design patterns like Model View Controller and Model View Presenter to separate the concerns ( validation , behavior , flow control & navigation , security , etc. ) within your user interface layer .
The secret to testability in the user interface layer is to isolate as much as possible into " Plain Old Object " classes that are easy to test while keeping your View classes as thin as possible .
You can apply tools like NUnitForms , NUnitASP , Selenium , and Watir to test the actual UI , but again , you 're probably better off if you have sliced the View code thinly so you can write granular tests against a user control at a time .
End to end testing through the client is an order of magnitude harder than writing unit tests .
your user interface layer .
The secret to testability in the user interface layer is to isolate as much as possible into " Plain Old Object " classes that are easy to test while keeping your View classes as thin as possible .
You can apply tools like NUnitForms , NUnitASP , Selenium , and Watir to test the actual UI , but again , you 're probably better off if you have sliced the View code thinly so you can write granular tests against a user control at a time .
End to end testing through the client is an order of magnitude harder than writing unit tests .
Go read up , or listen to , any paper , book , or podcast from 37 signals .
My short list of most admired software companies , besides Finetix of course , goes something like 37 Signals , ObjectMentor , Google , and JetBrains .
One of my former employers is an obvious omission to that list , but I 'm subscribing to the Groucho Marx theory on them .
A mini-rant here .
Do n't treat the structure and design of the user interface code as less important than the server side .
UI 's will need to change the same way that business logic does , and need the same qualities of orthogonal code and infrastructural support from build and test automation .
Moreover , user interface code , especially when it 's heavily event driven , can easily be more complicated than the server side .
UI code is very frequently the largest source of bugs because it has to interact with extremely unpredictable modules ( humans ) .
Do n't put the very most junior developers on " mere " GUI coding .
You 'll need just as much architecture work on the client to achieve a good separation of concerns as you do in the rest of the system .
I 'm eagerly awaiting Martin Fowler 's sequel to the PEAA book that deals with patterns for user interface clients .
Mini rant # 2 : Do n't fool yourself into believing that you know anything just because it's in a specification document .
All a specification document is is a snapshot of what somebody thought at the time it was written , and it 's very likely you 'll learn something as you go along that invalidates or illuminates part of that document .
By no means does the existence of a " spec " give you a license as a team to turn your brain off .
I 'm very rapidly coming around to the increasingly common opinion that functional specification documents do more harm than good .
More on this later someday .
Mini rant # 3 : Code behind 's in the .
Net world are View code , not controllers or presenters , period .
Treat them accordingly .
Wait , there 's more !
I 'm not sure about the timing or order , but the next two maintainability posts are going to be about tradeoffs between maintainability and performance optimization and a timely for me post on the " Do n't Repeat Yourself " principle and the closely related Wormhole Anti-pattern .
文章の練 習1 . 消えた文字
Gerald Weinberg / 青木靖 訳
2006 年4月9 日 日曜
これを読んでくれている上達に努める作家たちのために、このブログでときどき文章の練習問題を提供しようと思っている。これらの練習問題は｢ワインバーグの文章法｣( Weinberg on Writing : The Fieldstone Method ) にある練習問題 を補うものとなるだろう 。
今回の練習問題は、言葉の選択に対してより意識的になることを狙いとしてデザインされている。
消えた文 字
文字を１つランダムに選ぶ。 その文字を使わないで文章を書くか、あるいは書き直してみる。
( 文字 " e " を使わずに書かれた小説というのがある。だからそんなの不可能だと言ってこの練習問題から逃げるわけにはいかない。たとえば、次の文章を見てほしい。
スタンパー ｢ Eのない小説 ｣
Eが難しすぎるようなら、もっと簡単なQとかXから始めて、それからもっと難しい文字に挑戦するといい。
例. 元の文章
Anger , for a consultant , is a costly luxury , and I am by nature somewhat of a cheapskate .
By eliminating there - then - them anger , I cut my angry outbursts in half .
By noticing my pattern of anger escalation , I dampen nine - tenths of the remaining half to the point where it does n't interfere with my consulting practice .
That leaves only about 5 per cent of the angry episodes I used to have , just one in twenty .
Although this seems a dramatic improvement in frequency , it does n't result in an equally dramatic improvement in the cost of my angry outbursts .
(コンサルタントにとって怒りは高くつく贅沢品だが、私は生来けちんぼなのだ。そこ/そのとき/彼らに対する怒りをなくせば、怒りの爆発は半分に減らせる。自分の怒りが増幅するパターンに気付くことで、残りの半分の9割は削ることができ、コンサルティングの仕事に差し障りがないようにできる。残るのは怒りの発作のほんの5パーセント、20分の1だ。これは頻度の点では劇的な改善に見えるが、怒りの爆発のコストという面ではそこまで劇的な改善とはならない。)
文 字 " n" を使わずに書き直した文章
At my job , rage is a costly luxury , yet I am by temper somewhat of a cheapskate .
If I remove place - time - creature rage , I reduce my irate outbursts by half .
If I observe the growth of my fury , I am able to muffle most of the residue so I am able to do my job without obstacle .
That leaves very few of the wrathful episodes I used to have , about three out of sixty .
Although this seems to be dramatic progress , it fails to produce equally dramatic progress with the cost of my furious outbursts .
(私がしている仕事では怒りは高く付く贅沢であるが、私は生来けちだ。対象が他所/他時/他者である怒りを削れば、怒りを爆発させることは5割方減る。怒りが増幅していく
動きを自ら意識できれば、他も9割方削ることができ、顧客へアドバイスする仕事も差し障らず進められる。あとは怒りが起こす発作が5分あるだけで、100回が5回へと減っ
ている。これは割合としては相当向上していると見えるが、怒りが爆発するコストということで言うと、向上はもっと小さい。)
※訳は元の文章を｢な行｣と｢ん｣を使わずに書き直してある。
挑戦
さあ、あなたの番だ。自分で書いてみた文字抜きのパラグラフをコメントに投稿してほしい。アルファベットのすべての文字を網羅できるかやってみよう。私はnをやった。" a" をやる人は ?
( aなし の 文章が出てきたら、bなしのを試して。そうやってアルファベットの最後まで続けていこう。)
I recently found that the Array class of Ruby has a zip method , which works much like Haskell ’s zip function , except that it allows multiple arguments .
For example :
$ irb -- simple - prompt
>> [ 1,2,3].zip [ 4,5,6 ] , [ 7,8,9 ]
= > [ [ 1 , 4 , 7 ] , [ 2 , 5 , 8 ] , [ 3 , 6 , 9 ] ]
The night after I did this little experiment I suddenly realized : this is a transpose function !
I quickly got out of bed to document my little discovery :
def transpose ( matrix )
matrix [ 0 ].zip * matrix [ 1..-1 ]
end
It ’s the little things that make me like this language so much .
Update : I forgot the asterisk before matrix [ 1.. - 1 ] in the above method .
Poverty ; development ; infrastructure : the areas the World Bank deals in are hardly the stuff of laughs .
Its president , however , has got caught in a controversy that sounds like a bad joke .
A man who was bundled into the job by the Bush administration , which could no longer find a use for him , blustered about educating borrower nations in the ways of good governance - and was found wanting in this area himself .
Thanks to Mr Wolfowitz , the salary of his partner , Shaha Riza , is higher than Condoleezza Rice 's earnings .
At just under $ 194,000 , it would make a respectable prize on a gameshow .
As the American satirist Stephen Colbert says : " He knows corruption is the enemy ; and Mr Wolfowitz fights fire with fire . "
No wonder that there is now a mutiny among staff and some ( primarily European ) donor nations .
The turmoil has already driven out the bank chief 's PR man , Kevin Kellems .
He resigned saying that " given the current environment ... it is very difficult to be effective in helping to advance the mission of the institution " .
The same logic obviously applies to his boss .
Mr Wolfowitz has fought off calls for his resignation , each time with weaker ammunition .
First he declared that an investigation by the bank 's executives would exonerate him .
Instead it found him guilty of " questionable judgment and a preoccupation with self - interest " .
The bank chief said he thought he had been asked to arrange Ms Riza 's pay , a claim the report says " simply turns logic on its head " .
His last defence is one of acting in good faith .
Yet he reportedly threatened bank staff with retaliation if they revealed the pay rises and promotions won for his partner .
The bank 's executive board , which met Mr Wolfowitz last night , is due to make a statement later this week .
It could reprimand the bank president , or issue a vote of no confidence .
But Mr Wolfowitz has been found guilty of the sort of conflict of interest that would normally lead to the dismissal of any other of the bank 's 10,000 staff , and neither measure would calm the storm .
So it should either sack him or arrange the terms for his departure .
His role as an architect of the Iraq war meant that Mr Wolfowitz was never going to get an easy ride at the bank .
If he does go , his critics will doubtless be in celebratory mood .
They will have won a prized neocon scalp .
But bringing down one of President Bush 's inner circle for violating an institutional code of conduct is a bit like nabbing a mafia boss for tax evasion .
They should take this opportunity to push for reform of the system that put such a divisive figure at the helm of what is , after the UN , the world 's most important development organisation .
The job of World Bank president is traditionally the gift of the US , just as the head of the International Monetary Fund is a European appointment .
This is the legacy of an antiquated system .
So far Europe has resisted any change of this cosy arrangement for retiring politicians .
The IMF 's managing director , for instance , is Rodrigo Rato , a Spanish rightwinger whose main qualification for the job seemed to be that he needed one .
This is the time to reshape the system .
Even before this controversy , the bank was passing the cap around for funding .
The least donor countries should extract in return is the promise of reformed behaviour .
Mr Wolfowitz must leave , but his departure should be the start of change , not the end of it .
Europeans are abandoning cannabis but turning to cocaine and drink , new figures from French customs reveal .
According to a report by the Central Narcotics Office , after more than a decade of rapid growth , seizures of cannabis resin in Europe dropped by a fifth last year , to 831 tonnes .
At the same time , seizures of cocaine grew by 15 per cent .
The apparent trend is reinforced by British figures which show that the popularity of cannabis in the UK has plummeted , with 600,000 fewer people smoking or eating marijuana than three years ago .
The Home Office statistics , released last week , also show that consumption of cocaine in Britain has risen .
The figures will help the British government and other European nations with more liberal drug laws such as Holland and Switzerland rebut claims that their approach to cannabis leads to increased use of the drug .
The growing cocaine use will , however , worry European anti-narcotics police and many politicians .
' Seizures in Europe have increased over the last several years , confirming the maturing of the cocaine market in western Europe , ' said Interpol , the transnational police agency .
' Recent reports , particularly from northern [ European ] countries , suggest young adults are increasingly using cocaine rather than amphetamine - type stimulants .
This change is likely to be the result of the increased availability and lower price of cocaine , as well as government campaigns against amphetamines . '
Despite apparent success by police - Bernard Petit , head of France 's anti-Narcotics squad claimed last week that 90 of the 250 tonnes of cocaine imported onto the continent were seized - the price of the drug is lower than it has ever been .
' Drugs gangs know where the profits are and can afford to lose most of their shipments , ' said one former senior British customs officer .
' They are focusing more and more on cocaine .
No one serious traffics or deals cannabis any more . '
Possible explanations for the decrease in cannabis use include the growing awareness that cannabis can cause mental health problems , and the fact that in the UK and France marijuana abuse is being replaced by binge - drinking .
In France , cannabis use has levelled out while heavy drinking sessions have become more common , with almost half of all teenagers in a study this summer saying that they had had more than five drinks in one evening in the last month .
' This consumption pattern corresponds to the phenomenon of " binge - drinking " seen in Britain and America , ' said Jean - Michel Costes , of the National Observatory of Drugs and Addicts .
Frederic Rouillon , a French drug expert , told Le Monde last week that ideas that Americans used stimulants whereas Europeans used sedatives were outdated .
' The fashion for cocaine has eroded that distinction , ' he said .
Fifty years old this month , the album chart has tracked the history of pop .
But only a select few records have actually altered the course of music .
To mark the anniversary , Kitty Empire pays tribute to a sublime art form , and our panel of critics argues for 50 albums that caused a revolution .
To see the 50 , click here
A longside film , the pop album was the defining art form of the 20th century , the soundtrack to vast technological and social change .
Once , sets of one - sided 78rpm phonograph discs were kept together in big books , like photographs in an album .
The term ' album ' was first used specifically in 1909 , when Tchaikovsky 's Nutcracker Suite was released on four double - sided discs in one package .
The first official top 10 round - up of these newfangled musical delivery - modes was issued in Britain on 28 July 1956 , making the pop album chart 50 years old this month .
Singles were immediate , ephemeral things .
Albums made pondering pop and rock into a valid intellectual pursuit .
Friendships were founded , love could blossom , bands could be formed , all from flicking through someone 's album collection .
Owning certain albums became like shorthand ; a manifesto for everything you stood for , and against : the Smiths ' Meat is Murder , Public Enemy 's It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back .
Before lasers replaced needles , albums had sides .
They were a game of two halves , building towards an intermission ; more than the sum of their constituent songs .
At least , the good ones were .
Some of them still are , except they can now last 70 - plus minutes , over twice as long as their vinyl forebears .
Is this bloat , or value for money ?
The debate rumbles on .
Entire lifestyles built up around albums , smoking dope to albums , having sex to albums .
You lent your favourite albums out with trepidation ; you ruefully replaced them , on CD , when they did n't come back .
Getting hitched paled into insignificance next to merging record collections with your loved one .
Getting rid of the doubles made divorce unthinkable .
Elastica once sang , of waking : ' Make a cup of tea , put a record on . '
That 's how generations of hip young ( and not so young ) people have lived .
But for how much longer ?
Downloading favours the song , not the album .
MP3 players favour personal playlists or shuffling .
Listeners are already tiring of keeping company with an artist for an hour or more , as an album meanders beyond mere singles .
The album as we know it might not last another 50 years , maybe not even another 10 .
But just as artists show groups of paintings in galleries , songs will continue to be written in clumps , connected by theme or time , and presented to a public , just as the Nutcracker Suite once was .
On these pages are 50 clumps of songs , in descending order of importance , that we think caused a sea change in pop music , not always for the good , but without which many bands or entire genres would not exist .
They are the sets of songs which have had the greatest lasting influence on music .
It was agonising , having to pick only 50 .
Why did we include NWA , but not Public Enemy ?
Probably because their influence was more pervasive .
Why Fairport Convention and not The Incredible String Band ?
Because we had to plump for the single most influential album in British folk rock .
And why no Rolling Stones ?
Because , brilliant though they are , they picked up an established musical idiom and ran with it rather than inventing something entirely new .
Our panel : James Bennett , Kitty Empire , Dave Gelly , Lynsey Hanley , Sean O'Hagan , Elle J Small , Neil Spencer .
· To see the 50 , click here .
Contessa Brewer uses Whitehouse . org to describe Falwell 's influence in the White House ...
Her producer gave her this :
Download Download
Dr. Falwell has earned his role as the defacto Executive Director of Domestic and Global Policy for the White House .
How much influence did he have over George Bush ...
The only problem with that is it 's a satire site .
Brewer tries to correct herself , but still makes it seem like they are a legitimate site .
Chris Matthews comes to the rescue by saying :
It sounds like a nasty shot to me . "
Jamie made the video and says that it 's registered at SatireOnline .
Some believe that an ear staple will suppress a person 's appetite .
Some call it body piercing .
Some call it acupuncture .
Some call it absurd .
Over the last 10 years , a purported weight - loss method that involves getting your ear stapled has slowly picked up steam to the point that states have begun to regulate the practice .
The procedure itself is pretty straightforward .
A practitioner uses a specialized staple gun to pierce a slightly protruding piece of cartilage just above and to the left of the tragus portion of the external ear .
If you 've ever gotten your ear cartilage pierced , you know that it hurts , but it 's not like , say , getting shot in the stomach .
The surgical - grade , very thin staple remains in the ear from anywhere from six weeks to three months , and the basic idea is that it suppresses the appetite while it 's in there .
Once the body gets used to the staple , it needs to be repositioned , which means returning to the practitioner to have the ear re-stapled in a slightly different location .
Practitioners charge anywhere from $ 35 to $ 60 per ear , and some recommend stapling both of your ears to achieve the maximum weight loss effect .
All ear - stapling practitioners will tell you it works wonders ( especially if you combine it with a good diet and exercise regimen ) .
How it supposedly works wonders is a hazier area .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Most believers point the ancient Chinese practice of acupuncture for the source of the effect , while some attribute it to underlying physical connections in the body .
According to some sources , the outer ear and the abdominal organs are right next to each other during fetal development in the womb , and the physical connection between these body parts remains via nerve pathways even after they are no longer in close proximity .
In this explanation , stimulating a part of the external ear also stimulates the abdominal organs , including the stomach .
Other practitioners claim that piercing this particular area of the ear releases endorphins -- chemicals released by the brain during pleasurable activities that make you feel good .
And because the staple stays in the ear , the endorphin effect is maintained , reducing a person 's stress and anxiety levels , which for many people are a big part of the reason they over - eat .
But most people look at ear stapling as a derivative of acupuncture .
The basis of acupuncture is the concept of qi , or life force ( see How does acupressure work ? ) .
In ancient Chinese practices ( and many modern derivatives of the ancient form ) , stimulating specific points on the body using needles or finger pressure can open or clear certain channels that run throughout the body that are crucial to overall health and wellbeing .
Ear stapling calls specifically upon auricular acupuncture , or acupuncture that focuses entirely on the ear as a microcosm of the entire human body , for its supposed efficacy .
Believers in ear stapling claim that by continuously stimulating the Zero Point location , which is said by some to include the Stomach point presented above , they can curb appetite , reduce stress and increase metabolism , among other benefits .
Some people who have undergone the procedure say it also eliminates migraine headaches , nicotine craving and insomnia .
But is there scientific evidence to support these claims ?
Read on to find out .
Mr. Backus was a bit of a maverick even as a teenager .
He grew up in an affluent family in Wilmington , Del. , the son of a stockbroker .
He had a complicated , difficult relationship with his family , and he was a wayward student .
In a series of interviews in 2000 and 2001 in San Francisco , where he lived at the time , Mr. Backus recalled that his family had sent him to an exclusive private high school , the Hill School in Pennsylvania .
“ The delight of that place was all the rules you could break , ” he recalled .
After flunking out of the University of Virginia , Mr. Backus was drafted in 1943 .
But his scores on Army aptitude tests were so high that he was dispatched on government - financed programs to three universities , with his studies ranging from engineering to medicine .
After the war , Mr. Backus found his footing as a student at Columbia University and pursued an interest in mathematics , receiving his master ’s degree in 1950 .
Shortly before he graduated , Mr. Backus wandered by the I.B.M. headquarters on Madison Avenue in New York , where one of its room - size electronic calculators was on display .
When a tour guide inquired , Mr. Backus mentioned that he was a graduate student in math ; he was whisked upstairs and asked a series of questions Mr. Backus described as math “ brain teasers . ”
It was an informal oral exam , with no recorded score .
He was hired on the spot .
As what ?
“ As a programmer , ” Mr. Backus replied , shrugging .
“ That was the way it was done in those days . ”
Back then , there was no field of computer science , no courses or schools .
The first written reference to “ software ” as a computer term , as something distinct from hardware , did not come until 1958 .
Tags
[ Excerpt from Chapter 1 of Economics for Real People , available through Mises.org and Amazon.com . ]
[ Economics ] is universally valid and absolutely and plainly human .
— Ludwig von Mises , Human Action
When we first approach a science we want to know , " What does it study ? "
Another way of approaching the same issue is to ask , " What basic assumptions does it bring to its examination of the world ? "
As a first step in tackling a new subject , you usually try to gain an idea of what it is all about .
Before buying a book on biology , you determine that you will be reading about living organisms .
At the beginning of a chemistry course , you learn that you can expect to study the ways in which matter combines in different forms .
Many people feel that they are generally familiar with economics .
However , if you ask around , you will find that people have difficulty in defining the subject .
" It 's the study of money , " some might tell you .
" It has to do with business , profit and loss , and so forth , " someone else asserts .
" No , it 's about how society chooses to distribute wealth , " another person argues .
" Wrong !
It 's the search for mathematical patterns that describe the movement of prices , " a fourth insists .
Professor Israel Kirzner points out , in The Economic Point of View , that even among professional economists , there are " a series of formulations of the economic point of view that are astounding in their variety . "
The primary reason for this confusion is that economics is the youngest of the sciences known to man .
Certainly there has been a proliferation of new branches of existing sciences in the several centuries since economics came to be recognized as a distinct subject .
But molecular biology , for example , is a division of biology , not a brand - new science .
Economics , however , is different .
The existence of a distinct science of economics can be traced back to the discovery that there is a predictable regularity to the interaction of people in society , and that this regularity emerged without being planned by anyone .
The inkling of such regularity , standing apart from both the mechanical regularity of the physical universe and the conscious plans of any specific individual , was the first emergence of the idea of spontaneous order into the Western scientific consciousness .
Before the emergence of economics as a science , it was simply assumed that if we found order in things , then those things must have been put in order by someone —
God in the case of physical laws , and specific humans in the case of man-made objects and institutions .
Earlier political philosophers proposed various schemes for organizing human society .
If the plan did not work out , the plan 's creator generally assumed that the rulers or the citizens had not been virtuous enough to execute his plan .
It did n’t occur to him that his plan contradicted universal rules of human action and could not succeed no matter how virtuous the participants were .
The increase in human freedom that began in Europe during the Middle Ages and culminated in the Industrial Revolution exposed a tremendous gap in the existing scheme of knowledge .
Increasingly , Western European society was not being explicitly ordered by the command of a ruler .
One by one , restrictions on production were falling .
No longer was the entry into trades strictly controlled by a guild .
Yet somehow there seemed to be about the right number of carpenters , blacksmiths , masons , and so on .
No longer was a royal license necessary to enter into some line of manufacturing .
And yet , although anyone could open a brewery , the world was not flooded with beer .
Once again , the amount made seemed just about right .
Even without anyone creating a master plan for a city ’s imports , the mix of goods that showed up at the city gates seemed roughly correct .
In the nineteenth century , French economist Frédéric Bastiat remarked on the wonder of that phenomenon by exclaiming , " Paris gets fed ! "
Economics did not create that regularity , nor is it faced with the task of proving that it exists — we see it in front of us every day .
Economics , rather , must explain how it comes about .
Many scholars contributed to the dawning realization that economics was a new way of looking at society .
The origins of economic science stretch back earlier than is frequently thought , certainly back to at least the fifteenth century , when work done by the Late Scholastics at the University of Salamanca in Spain later prompted Joseph Schumpeter to dub them the first economists .
Adam Smith may not have been the first economist , as he is sometimes called .
But more than any other social philosopher he popularized the notion that human beings , left free to pursue their own goals , would give rise to a social order that none of them had consciously planned .
As Smith famously put it in The Wealth of Nations , free man acts as if " led by an invisible hand to promote an end which was no part of his intention . "
The Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises said in his magnum opus , Human Action , that this discovery left people filled with
stupefaction that there is another aspect from which human action might be viewed than that of good and bad , of fair and unfair , of just and unjust .
In the course of social events there prevails a regularity of phenomena to which man must adjust his actions if he wishes to succeed .
Mises described the initial difficulties in determining the nature of economics :
In the new science everything seemed to be problematic .
It was a stranger in the traditional system of knowledge ; people were perplexed and did not know how to classify it and to assign it its proper place .
But on the other hand they were convinced that the inclusion of economics in the catalogue of knowledge did not require a rearrangement or expansion of the total scheme .
They considered their catalogue system complete .
If economics did not fit into it , the fault could only rest with the unsatisfactory treatment that the economists applied to their problems .
( Human Action )
For many , the feeling of stupefaction was soon replaced by one of frustration .
They had ideas for reforming society , and now they discovered that the emerging science of economics stood in their way .
Economics advised these reformers that some plans for social organization would fail regardless of how well they were carried out , because the plans violated basic laws of human interaction .
Stopped in their tracks by the achievements of the early economists , some of these reformers , such as Karl Marx , attempted to invalidate the entire subject .
Economists , Marx contended , were simply describing society as they found it under the domination of the capitalists .
There are no economic truths that apply to all men in all times and places ; most specifically , the laws formulated by the classical school , by writers such as Smith , Thomas Malthus , and David Ricardo , will not apply to those living in the future socialist utopia .
In fact , said the Marxists , these thinkers were merely apologists for the exploitation of the masses by the wealthy few .
The classical economists were , to phrase it in the style of the Chinese Marxists , running dog lackeys of the imperialist warmonger pigs .
The extent to which Marx and like - minded thinkers succeeded in their goal of undermining the foundations of economics reflected the fragility of those foundations .
The classical economists had discovered many economic truths , but they were plagued by certain inconsistencies in their own theories , such as their inability to construct a coherent theory of value .
( We will address this specific difficulty in more detail later . )
It was Mises , building on the work of earlier Austrian economists such as Carl Menger , who finally reconstructed economics " upon the solid foundation of a general theory of human action . "
For some purposes it might be important to differentiate between the general science of human action , which Mises called praxeology , and economics as the branch of that science that deals with exchange .
However , since the term praxeology has not gained widespread use , and a sharp delineation of economics from the rest of praxeology is unimportant in an introductory book , I will use economics as the name for the entire science of human action .
Mises himself often uses it in this manner : " Economics . . . is the theory of all human action , the general science of the immutable categories of action and of their operation under all thinkable special conditions under which man acts " ( Human Action ) .
What does Mises mean by " human action " ?
Let him tell us :
Human action is purposeful behavior .
Or we may say : Action is will put into operation and transformed into an agency , is aiming at ends and goals , is the ego ’s meaningful response to stimuli and to the conditions of its environment , is a person ’s conscious adjustment to the state of the universe that determines his life .
( Human Action )
In a similar vein , the British philosopher Michael Oakeshott described human action as the attempt to replace what is with what ought to be , in the eyes of the person acting .
The wellspring of human action is dissatisfaction , or , if you want to see the glass as half full , the idea that life might be better than it is at present .
" What is " is judged to be deficient in some way .
If we are completely satisfied with the way things are at this moment , we have no motivation to act — any action could only make matters worse !
But as soon as we perceive something in our world that we judge to be less than satisfactory , the possibility of acting in order to remedy this situation arises .
For example , you lie on a hammock , perfectly happy with the world , letting everything pass you by .
But your idle is disturbed by a buzzing sound .
It occurs to you that you would certainly feel more relaxed if this sound stopped , in other words , you can envision circumstances that you feel ought to be .
You are experiencing the first component of human action , dissatisfaction .
However , in order to act , dissatisfaction is not enough .
First of all , you must understand the cause of the uneasiness .
Well , the noise , of course .
But we can not simply wish noises away .
We must discover what is causing the noise .
In order to act , we must understand that each cause is the effect of some other cause .
We must be able to follow a chain of cause and effect until we reach a place where we feel our intervention , our action , will break the chain and eliminate our dissatisfaction .
We must see a plan for moving from what is to what ought to be .
If the buzzing is from an airplane passing overhead , you will not act .
( Unless your house has an anti-aircraft gun installed , there is nothing that you ’ll be able to do about the plane . )
You must believe that your action can cause an effect in your world .
In order to act , it ’s not necessary that you are correct in your belief !
Ancient man often believed that performing certain rites could improve his environment , perhaps bringing rain during a drought or causing the herds he hunted to increase .
As far as I know , those approaches did not work .
But the belief that they would was enough to lead people to act on them .
So you look around to find the cause of the noise and see a mosquito .
Perhaps you can do something about the buzzing — you can swat the little bugger .
You are contemplating an end , that of being rid of the mosquito .
You see that achieving the end will bring you a benefit — the noise will be gone , and you can rest undisturbed .
So , you could get up and kill the mosquito .
But you had come outside with another end in mind — just loafing around on the hammock .
You are now grappling with another component of human action — you have to make a choice .
Being rid of the mosquito would be grand , sure — but you ’ll have to get up .
And that ’s a bummer .
The benefit you expect to receive from being rid of the mosquito comes at the cost of getting up .
If the benefit from your action exceeds your cost , you will profit from the action .
Although we often use profit to refer to monetary gain , it also has a wider sense , as in , " How does it profit a man to gain the world but lose his soul ? "
We perform all of our actions , whether buying a stock or retreating to a mountain to meditate , with an eye to profiting in this psychic sense .
As the above quotation indicates , if we choose to lead a pious life in poverty , it is because we expect the end result to benefit us more than the cost of surrendering the pursuit of worldly goods : we expect to profit from the choice .
Choices involve considering the means necessary to achieve our ends .
I would n’t mind being the strongest man in the world .
But if I contemplate pursuing this end , I must also think about what I would have to do to achieve it .
I would need to have access to strength - training equipment , to buy nutritional supplements , and I would have to spend many hours each day in training .
In our world , everything we desire does not appear simply by wishing for it .
Many things that we want , even things that we need to stay alive , can be had only after an expenditure of time and effort .
Strength - training equipment does not simply fall from the sky .
( Thank God ! )
And if I ’m spending several hours a day weight lifting , I ca n’t spend those hours writing a book , or playing with my kids .
For mortal man , time is the ultimate scarce item .
Even for Bill Gates , time is in short supply .
Although he can afford to charter private jets to both Aruba and Tahiti on the same morning , he still ca n’t fly to both places simultaneously !
To be human is to know that our days on Earth are numbered , and that we must choose how to use them .
Because we live in a world of scarcity , the use of means to pursue an end involves costs .
To me , the cost of spending my time weight training is determined by how much I value the other ways I could spend that time .
For economics , the value of the particular ends we might choose is subjective .
No one else can tell me whether an hour spent weight lifting is more or less valuable to me than one spent writing .
Nor is there any possible way to objectively measure the difference in my valuation of these activities .
No one has invented a " value - ometer . "
Expressions such as " That dinner was twice as good as last night ’s " are simply figures of speech .
They do n’t imply an actual ability to measure satisfaction .
As Murray Rothbard pointed out , the way to verify this is to ask , " Twice as much of what ? "
We do n’t even have a unit by which we might measure satisfaction .
The subjective nature of value was one of Carl Menger ’s major insights .
For the classical economists , value was a paradox .
They attempted to base their theory of value on the labor involved in producing a good or the usefulness of the good , by some objective measure .
But consider such a simple case as finding a diamond lying on the ground during a stroll .
No labor was required to produce the diamond , nor is it more useful , at least to directly maintaining life , than a cup of water .
And yet a diamond is generally considered much more valuable than a cup of water .
Menger cut this Gordian knot by basing his theory of value on just that fact — things are valuable because acting humans consider them to be so .
Economics does not attempt to decide whether our choice of ends to pursue is wise .
It does not tell us that we are wrong if we value a certain amount of leisure more than some amount of money .
It does not view humans as being only worried about monetary gain .
There is nothing " noneconomical " about someone giving away a fortune , or turning down a high - paying job to become a monk .
The question of whether or not there are objective values does not concern economics .
Again , that should not be taken to mean that Austrian economics is hostile to any religion or system of ethics .
I personally know of Austrian economists who are Catholics , atheists , Orthodox Jews , Buddhists , Objectivists , Protestants , and agnostics , and , if I only knew more economists , I ’m sure I could mention Muslims , Hindus , and so on .
Economics should , quite properly , leave comparing values to ethics , religion , and philosophy .
Economics is not a theory of everything , but simply a theory of the consequences of choice .
In studying economics , we take human ends as an ultimate given .
People , somehow , do choose ends and do act to pursue them .
The goal of our science is to explore the implications of these facts .
Mises said in the introduction to Human Action :
Choosing determines all human decisions .
In making his choice man chooses not only between various material things and services .
All human values are offered for option .
All ends and all means , both material and ideal issues , the sublime and the base , the noble and the ignoble , are ranged in a single row and subjected to a decision which picks out one thing and sets aside another .
Nothing that men aim at or want to avoid remains outside of this arrangement into a unique scale of gradation and preference .
The modern theory of value widens the scientific horizon and enlarges the field of economic studies .
Why Should We Study Economics ?
Once we have an idea what our subject is , the next question is whether it is worth studying .
Given that you are reading this essay , you must have some notion that it could be useful .
But if you do n’t intend to become a professor of economics , what can you gain from learning about it ?
One of the benefits of studying economics is a deeper understanding of our own situation as acting humans .
For instance , people often fail to properly account for the cost of their choices .
Once we understand that our costs are measured in terms of our foregone alternatives , we might have a very different view of some common choices .
Let 's look at a mundane example .
We all know someone who has spent a great deal of time on some home improvement project .
Perhaps this person undertook the project for sheer enjoyment .
Economics will not attempt to recommend something else that would have been more enjoyable — it is not a self - improvement guide !
But often , the " do - it - yourselfer " will say that he is doing the work to " save money . "
" Look , " he ’ll tell you , " it would have cost me $ 5,000 to get my roof done professionally .
I managed to do it for only $ 1,000 in materials . "
An economist is able to point out that his calculation is faulty , and that he may have acted contrary to his own purpose .
He has not taken into account the cost of his foregone opportunities .
If the job took him 100 hours , and he could have put this time in at work and earned an additional $ 8,000 , he has actually suffered a large monetary loss by doing the job himself .
This example turns on dollars and cents , but in other cases , it is psychic costs that we fail to account for properly .
When a philanderer cheats on his wife , we may wonder if he has fully considered the costs involved .
Perhaps he has , in which case economics can turn the problem over to ethics and religion .
But all too often , people take account of the immediately visible profit from an action and fail to account for the less visible , more distant costs .
Bastiat referred to this as the problem of what is seen and what is not seen .
He felt that it was an important task of economics to teach us " not to judge things solely by what is seen , but rather by what is not seen . "
Another benefit of an understanding of economics is that it is crucial to evaluating questions of public policy .
Should we raise the minimum wage , leave it alone , or even eliminate it ?
Can we lift our standard of living by protecting domestic industries ?
What would be the result of privatizing Social Security ?
These are all economic questions .
Some people feel that these questions should be answered on a " practical , " case - by - case basis .
They claim to disdain the use of theory in resolving them .
The English economist John Maynard Keynes saw the error in such thinking :
Why do Advertising executives think that a blurry photo of five 30 foot horses on the side of the road is going to make me drink beer ?
Or why do they think that I ’d even attempt to remember the phone number of a fat greasy lawyer while I ’m attempting to simultaneously finish my crossword puzzle puzzle , eat a waffle , and change from 4th to 5th ?
Due to the abundance of bad roadside ads , I typically admire cool , funny , or just amazingly creative billboards while driving .
Below are my choices for top 10 real billboard advertisements :
10 . Bic ad :
Apparently located in England .
However , this is the only one of the ten that I can’t independantly confirm as being real ( if you ’ve seen it , let me know where ) .
Picture via
9 . Moving and storage ad :
I saw a few of these in New York last time I was there .
At the time , I thought it would have been much funnier if the adjacent billboard read : “ Why store your doll collection ?
There ’s plenty of freaky people on eBay ! ”
Picture via Billboardom
8. Max Factor mascara :
This cool billboard changes from an attractive model to a make - up nightmare when it rains .
Not sure how this is supposed to help sell more mascara though .
Picture via Frederik Samuel
7. Sign from God :
Funny and a clever play on words – definitely more amusing than the other dozen or so “ Billboards from God ” dotting our highways .
Picture via
6. Ikea –
The page cannot be displayed :
This electronic billboard was supposed to be showing a real advertisement , but it looks like Windows ( or their network ) pooped out .
While almost certainly not intentional , something tells me this would make a great ad for a Microsoft competitor .
Picture via
5. Gain – Irresistible Scent :
3d billboard ads are popping up everywhere , particularly in big cities .
This is one of my favorites , probably because it ’s the first laundry detergent ad that was both effective and made me laugh .
Picture via
4. Ford Mustang Blurred Motion :
This simple Ford Mustang billboard is n’t painted – it was actually created using a special type of semi- transparent material that blurs the scene behind it to make it look like you ’re moving really fast , regardless of weather .
UPDATE : looks like this was just a concept by Ian Hart , would have been a great ad though .
3. Nike 10 k in Buenos Aires , Argentina
Another new trend is interactive billboards .
In this ground level billboard , passersby can walk or run on the enclosed treadmill .
For every kilometer run , Nike will donate a certain amount to UNICEF .
Picture via Briefblog
2. Massive 3d Adidas goalkeeper :
To make sure they were n’t upstaged by Nike or other rivals , Adidas constructed this massive 3d advertisement at the Munich airport for the 2006 World Cup .
Defining this as a billboard may be a stretch , but it was too cool not to include .
Picture via
1. Summer 2006 Cartoon Network :
These funny ads showed up in the summer of 2006 all over the country .
Most people had no idea what they meant , and the uncertainty heightened the buzz .
After a few weeks ,
The Cartoon Network revealed characters on each ad ( bottom right panel ) .
Pictures via
Andy little , here , here , and here
And finally , here ’s one that was just taken today … it did n’t quite make my top ten , but I thought it was pretty funny :
via
If you ’ve seen others that you think should be included , let me know and I ’ll post them here .
Quotations by Author
Oscar Wilde ( 1854 - 1900 )
Irish dramatist , novelist , & poet [ more author details ]
Showing quotations 1 to 20 of 103 total Next Page ->
Showing quotations 1 to 20 of 103 total Next Page ->
Browse our complete list of 3444 authors by last name :
By John Leyne
BBC News , Amman
For the people of Iraq , it may be the ultimate nightmare .
Iraq 's remaining doctors face a lack of basic medical equipment
Most of the best medical staff have left after being targeted by insurgents .
Many have fled the country just in the last few months .
Drugs and equipment are almost non-existent .
The notorious militias target patients inside hospitals , and doctors inside the health ministry .
All this in a country that used to pride itself on the best medical services in the Middle East .
You can reach a hospital easily , but there is no one to deal with you .
And if they do deal with you they might come and kill you afterwards
Iraqi doctor in Jordan
I walked into one Amman hospital , and immediately found four top Iraqi doctors , all British - trained and with world class skills .
They did not want to be named , because they have families in Iraq , but their stories are riveting .
" By the time I left the hospital , there was a great shortage of medicines .
Nursing staff was zero , " said a professor of neurology .
" In the college where I used to teach , five consultants were killed , assassinated .
" Before I left , I was doing a tour with my resident staff .
I looked at the ward , I looked at the beds , and I said in a very loud voice : ' This hospital is not good even for pets .
No medicines , no bed linens , the smell is very bad .
Sewage is out on the floor . '"
He said that at one point all the operating theatres in his hospital were shut down for three weeks because no oxygen cylinders were available .
Another doctor described what happens to Iraqis who go to hospital for treatment after a bomb attack .
" You can reach a hospital easily , but there is no one to deal with you .
And if they do deal with you they [ militias ] might come and kill you afterwards , " he said .
" Patients will leave because they are threatened .
" I left my hospital because two of my managers in that hospital were killed inside the hospital . "
A third doctor said : " When there is a bomb and patients are coming , services are overwhelmed .
" There are very few skilled people to deal with the patients .
So most of the wounded , the seriously wounded , will die . "
' Kidnapping risk '
Doctor after doctor described how armed gangs have now infiltrated not just the hospitals , but the health ministry itself .
Hospitals are suffering from poor sanitation
" He told us that he can't do anything , because he is sitting on one floor .
The floor above him belongs to one of the militias , the floor below belongs to another militia .
He can see people fighting inside his ministry . "
" None of the doctors can go inside the ministry of health because he will be kidnapped , " chipped in another of the doctors .
" If they go in , they will not go out . "
As for the billions of dollars spent on reconstruction , these doctors say they saw a little of it .
But most was wasted on shoddy furniture and poor decorations .
Some money has gone on high - tech machinery .
But it is useless , say the doctors , because no one knows how to use it .
They believe the equipment was only bought so that officials could siphon off part of the funds .
' Stolen medicines '
As I left the doctors , I met an Iraqi patient waiting for treatment , a pharmacist .
She described going into a filthy maternity ward in Iraq , with rats the size of cats .
Although she was only trained as a pharmacist , she could see one of the expectant mothers needed her blood pressure tested .
There was no doctor around , so she tried to help .
But there was not even the equipment for that simple test .
As for the other facilities , " there was some medication , but they were stolen by the assistant pharmacist , " she said .
" They came back in the night and want to sell me the medication . "
Later I met the doctors again .
They said that whatever horror stories they had told about the medical situation , however bad it sounded , it was actually worse .
Foxtorrent : First review of Akamai's new Firefox Bittorrent extension
Every torrent file gets downloaded via a Red Swoosh server , which makes it possible to download the content both through the regular Bittorrent protocol and the Red Swoosh P2P protocol .
It 's been only a couple of weeks since word got out about a new Firefox Bittorrent extension called Foxtorrent .
Yesterday Red Swoosh released the Fox into the wild , announcing both Mac and Linux support and version 1.0 on the same day .
I 've been testing Foxtorrent 1.0 for a couple of hours now on both Windows and OS X - and I have somewhat mixed feelings about it .
A well - done Firefox Bittorrent extension clearly has potential , and the fact that Red Swoosh is now owned by Akamai makes this even more interesting for the whole P2P space .
I just wish they had n't rushed to release this so soon .
First of all , Foxtorrent really is easy to install and requires zero configuration to run .
That 's a welcome change from most P2P programs .
It 's also surprisingly easy on the eye for a browser extension .
No busy toolbar , no sidebar that takes over valuable screen space .
Instead it just waits in the background until you click on a Torrent link .
Foxtorrent then displays the download status right within the browser .
Not as detailed as Azureus , but enough to get the job done .
And there is a little surprise : A stream button .
Red Swoosh extended the Bittorrent protocol with a progressive downloading capability that makes it possible to start watching a movie before it downloaded completely .
Or at least that 's the idea .
I never could get anything to stream .
Instead the DivX web player Red Swoosh recommends just stalled .
Unfortunately that was n't the only problem I encountered .
The windows version of Foxtorrent has some major memory leaks that require regular restarts .
Foxtorrent also has problems downloading content from some websites , a problem that can be attributed to the architecture of the software .
Unfortunately this does n't yet work for Torrents that hosted on SSL - secured servers - which essentially means that Foxtorrent users can't download anything from Bittorrent.com
This would n't be that bad if people just could download that content with another Bittorrent client of their choice .
But Foxtorrent does something really odd :
It overwrites every Torrent file you download with HTML code , effectively making it unusable and establishing itself as the only working Bittorrent solution on your system .
Now I do n't think Red Swoosh did this on purpose , even though it seems to be right out of the rulebook for the Balkanization of Bittorrent .
It 's probably just a bug .
But it 's a biggie - and not something that should have made its way into a version 1.0 .
An all - new Pacific Islands Report is currently under construction and will be launched in 2020 , featuring an improved news service along with more analysis , commentary , and voices of the Pacific .
Saturday , April 14 , 2007
Google Acquires Internet ( May 2017 )
MAY 12 , 2017 - BUSINESSWIRE .
Mountain View - based search giant Google Inc today announced they ’ve acquired the internet for the astounding sum of $ 2,455.5 billion in cash .
The deal had been rumored in various search blogs since the beginning of the year and was now confirmed by the company ’s CEO .
“ This is in line with our vision to make information more accessible to end users , ” says Eric Schmidt .
“ With the acquisition , we can increase the speed of indexing as everything will already be on our servers by the time it ’s published . ”
In a conference call earlier today , Larry Page explained the strategy behind the acquisition .
“ We realized it ’s not very cost - effective to buy the internet in smaller portions . ”
During the past two decades , Google had acquired YouTube for $ 1.65 , DoubleClick for $ 3.1 billion , AOL for $ 12.5 billion , and last year , Microsoft for the record sum of $ 120 billion .
Questioned on the first steps the company would take integrating the internet onto their servers , Eric Schmidt announced immediate plans to redirect Yahoo.com to Google ’s own search engine .
“ From an end user perspective , having two search engines is just bad usability , and [ causes confusion ] .
While we appreciate Yahoo ’s recent advances in search technology , we felt this move is best aligned with the interests of our advertisers , users and shareholders . ”
Eric added , “ By leveraging third - generation mobile platforms in sustainable verticals , new monetization opportunities can manifest into an improved web experience , greatly benefiting investors and digerati alike – a true paradigm change synergizing the Web 6.0 framework on the enterprise level . ”
Accompanying Google ’s acquisition revelation , privacy groups today released a paper criticizing the move .
However , Larry Page argues that privacy is improved by Google ’s acquisition , explaining that “ [ the ] main privacy issues for users today are data leaks to third parties .
By eliminating all third parties , we closed this hole . ”
Eric Schmidt adds that Google intends to replace their current privacy policy with a “ privacy scale ” which better balances necessary compromises .
“ When you can improve the privacy of a large group of people by violating the privacy rights of a small number of people , in the end this improves overall privacy . ”
The Chinese government in the meantime congratulated Google Inc on their move .
Regarding the potentials of expanded censorship , Sergey Brin told members of the press that Google would now drop all search results filtering and instead “ address the root problem from a publisher perspective ” by directly blocking certain keywords the time they are entered in Google - owned tools such as Blogger , Gmail , Page Creator , Yahoo 360 and MSN Spaces .
Amnesty International and Reporters Without Borders were not available for comment at this time due to temporary technical problems with their web - based email clients .
>>
More posts
Advertisement
QR Code Link to This Post
That being said , my turtle does n't need any baby momma drama and since he 's pretty young in turtle years , I doubt he 's ready to commit to anything exclusive or long - term .
So I guess we 're kind of talking about casual sex here but I promise that my turtle could give your turtle more respect and pleasure than the average " special friend . "
If you think that your female turtle may be interested , please contact me .
And if you have any pictures , I can show them to my turtle and see his reaction .
Thanks !
Daniel Dolan has used Sandia ’s Z machine to compress water into ice at extreme temperatures and pressures .
( Photo by Bill Doty )
Sandia ’s huge Z machine , which generates termperatures hottter than the sun , has turned water to ice in nanoseconds .
However , do n’t expect anything commercial just yet : the ice is hotter than the boiling point of water .
" The three phases of water as we know them — cold ice , room temperature liquid , and hot vapor — are actually only a small part of water ’s repertory of states , " says Sandia researcher Daniel Dolan .
" Compressing water customarily heats it .
But under extreme compression , it is easier for dense water to enter its solid phase [ ice ] than maintain the more energetic liquid phase [ water ] . "
In the Z experiment , the volume of water shrank abruptly and discontinuously , consistent with the formation of almost every known form of ice except the ordinary kind , which expands .
( One might wonder why this ice shrank instead of expanding , given the common experience of frozen water expanding to wreck garden hoses left out over winter .
The answer is that only " ordinary " ice expands when water freezes .
There are at least 11 other known forms of ice occurring at a variety of temperatures and pressures . )
" This work , " says Dolan , " is a basic science study that helps us understand materials at extreme conditions . "
But it has potential practical value .
The work , which appears online March 11 in Nature Physics , was undertaken partly because phase diagrams that predict water ’s state at different temperatures and pressures are not always correct — a fact worrisome to experimentalists working at extreme conditions , as well as those having to work at distances where direct measurement is impractical .
For example , work reported some months ago at Z demonstrated that astronomers ’ ideas about the state of water on the planet Neptune were probably incorrect .
Closer at hand , water in a glass could be cooled below freezing and remain water , in what is called a supercooled state .
Accurate knowledge of water ’s behavior is potentially important for Z because the 20 - million - ampere electrical pulses the accelerator sends through water compress that liquid .
Ordinarily , the water acts as an insulator and as a switch .
But because the machine is being refurbished with more modern and thus more powerful equipment , questions about water ’s behavior at extreme conditions are of increasing interest to help avoid equipment failure for the machine or its more powerful successors , should those be built .
One unforeseen result of Dolan ’s test was that the water froze so rapidly .
The freezing process as it is customarily observed requires many seconds at the very least .
The answer , says Dolan , seems to be that very fast compression causes very fast freezing .
At Z and also at Sandia ’s nearby STAR ( Shock Thermodynamic Applied Research ) gas gun facility , thin water samples were compressed to pressures of 50,000 - 120,000 atmospheres in less than 100 nanoseconds .
Under such pressures , water appears to transform to ice VII , a phase of water first discovered by Nobel laureate Percy Bridgman in the 1930s .
The compressed water appeared to solidify into ice within a few nanoseconds .
Ice VII has nothing to do with ice - nine , an entirely fictional creation of author Kurt Vonnegut in his 1963 novel Cat ’s Cradle .
There , a few molecules of the invented substance acts as a precipitating seed to cause an extended chemical reaction that freezes almost all of Earth ’s water .
Ice VII , on the other hand , only stays frozen as long as it is under enormous pressure .
The pressure relenting , the ice changes back to ordinary water .
Nucleating agents , of course , are often used to hasten sluggish chemical processes , such as when clouds are " seeded " with silver iodide to induce rain .
Dolan already had demonstrated , as a graduate physics student at Washington State University , that water can freeze on nanosecond time scales in the presence of a nucleating agent .
However , the behavior of pure water under high pressure remained a mystery .
Sandia instruments observed the unnucleated water becoming rapidly opaque — a sign of ice formation in which water and ice coexist — as pressure increased .
At the 70,000 atmosphere mark and thereafter , the water became clear , a sign that the container now held entirely ice .
" Apparently it ’s virtually impossible to keep water from freezing at pressures beyond 70,000 atmospheres , " Dolan says .
For these tests , Z created the proper conditions by magnetic compression .
Twenty million amperes of electricity passed through a small aluminum chamber , creating a magnetic field that isentropically compressed aluminum plates roughly 5.5 by 2 inches in cross section .
This created a shockless but rapidly increasing compression across a 25 - micron - deep packet of water .
The multipurpose Z machine , whose main use is to produce data to improve the safety and reliability of the US nuclear deterrent , has compressed spherical capsules of hydrogen isotopes to release neutrons — the prerequisite for controlled nuclear fusion and essentially unlimited energy for humanity .
Source : Sandia National Laboratories
Explore further Researchers determined huge pressures that melt diamond on planet Neptune
This 1Mw turbine in England comes with a little something special .
If you are up to a three hundred step climb you can catch a view from just below the turbine itself .
This is a great idea , add observation towers to wind turbines so that the public can use the tower to get a nice view .
You can see more from these talented video artists here .
Studies have shown that once people live around a wind turbine they are much more likely to support the installation of others .
This is a great way to let the people of that town experience first hand , up close , what turbines are like .
Did I mention that the view is stunning ?
REFUSED ENTRY REFUSED ENTRY
Almost 900 imports of food and vitamins from China were refused entry to the USA by the Food and Drug Administration from May 2006 through April .
Types of items with most refusals : Fish / seafood - 340
Vegetable / products - 145
Vitamins / minerals - 142
Fruit / products - 85
Bean curd / sauces - 51
Note : Products with most refusals may not be riskier because amounts imported are unknown .
Source : FDA By Karl Gelles , USA TODAY Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook
The reasons some foods from China are refused entry into the USA are enough to scare anyone .
In March and April , the Food and Drug Administration rejected such things as frozen shrimp that may have contained nitrofuran , an anti-bacterial that can leave a carcinogenic residue ; fish suspected of containing salmonella ; and bean curd deemed filthy .
The safety of food from China is in the spotlight because of pet food that was contaminated by tainted ingredients .
On Monday , Sen. Evan Bayh , D - Ind. , called on the FDA to consider restricting food and drug imports from China until it knows products meet U.S. health and safety standards .
MORE FROM CHINA : A budding food industry faces scrutiny
But food safety experts and former FDA officials say China is just one of many developing countries with safety problems that affect foods sold to U.S consumers .
" There are problems in a whole bunch of different countries , including China , " says Edward Steele , a former FDA official who now advises companies as president of EAS Consulting Group .
" Nobody really knows if China is that much worse than anybody else , " says Benjamin England , a former FDA lawyer who works with foreign exporters .
In fiscal 2006 , almost 9 million FDA - regulated food imports entered the USA .
The FDA inspected about 1 % of those , given limited inspectors and rising imports .
Only 0.12 % were refused , FDA statistics show .
The FDA refuses products because they fail inspection , lack documents or had previous violations .
For the 12 months ending April 30 , it rejected almost 900 food and vitamin imports from China , records show .
Fish and seafood were refused the most , followed by vegetables and vegetable - related products .
Based on value , they are China 's leading agricultural exports to the USA , says Michael Swanson , agricultural economist with Wells Fargo Bank .
The FDA can reject foods for many reasons .
For the products refused in the past year , filth was the most common reason , followed by unsafe drug residue , most often in fish or seafood .
Other reasons included salmonella , pesticides and use of unsafe colors .
The FDA cites the same reasons when rejecting foods from other countries .
In recent months , some of the foods the FDA turned away from Mexico included chili because it contained or was suspected of containing a " poisonous " substance , basil because of salmonella concerns and peppers for pesticides .
But China stands out not only because of the pet food contamination , but because it 's growing fast as a food exporter to the USA .
Last year , China exported more than $ 2.3 billion in agricultural and food products to the USA , exports that have been growing at about a 30 % annual rate for the past four years — more than twice the combined average growth rate of other countries , Swanson says .
The Department of Agriculture , which regulates meat and poultry , requires countries to have food safety systems on par with the USA 's before they can export to this country .
The FDA , which regulates about 80 % of America 's food , does not have that requirement .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
By GORDON RAYNER and CHARLOTTE GILL
Last updated at 09:22 03 March 2007
In his youth , Tony Blair 's rebellious streak often landed him in trouble .
He was almost expelled from school for persistent rule - breaking and was once arrested as he tried to climb into his dormitory through a window .
The future Prime Minister remained equally impish when at Oxford - as this extraordinary picture of him making a lewd hand gesture demonstrates .
scroll down for more
Also see
Candles and curry at Blair family birthday party
While studying at St John 's College , Mr Blair was a member of the Archery Club dining society who posed for this group picture in 1975 .
Although the photo has been published before , Mr Blair 's hand gesture - which requires no explanation - was digitally removed from it by the press agency which supplied it , out of respect for the Prime Minister .
The uncensored version was aired for the first time on Thursday by BBC2's Newsnight , to the undoubted embarrassment of Downing Street , which refused to comment on the picture .
One of his contemporaries revealed that the young Blair was lucky to escape a second brush with the law after " flashing " from a college window as a student prank .
Peregrine Sharrock gave a vivid account of how , in his final year reading law at St John's , Blair dropped his tennis shorts in the hope of attracting the attention of female staff at a solicitor 's office across the road .
Fortunately for him , the women either failed to notice his full - frontal display or turned a blind eye to it , as no complaint was made to the college and the incident was forgotten - until now .
Mr Sharrock recalls Mr Blair coming into his third - floor room in Dolphin Quad at St John 's at around 2 pm .
" He 'd just had lunch and he and his tennis partner popped into my room for a coffee before going off to play tennis , " said Mr Sharrock .
" He pulled down his shorts and appeared to show off his private parts to women in the office over the road .
It was a solicitor 's office which was only about 35 feet away , and was mainly full of secretaries working on old - fashioned typewriters .
" He said something like , ' Here you go , girls ' and dropped them for about ten seconds .
I do n't know if anybody saw him but we never got a complaint .
" I was quite surprised .
It was quite out of character for him .
I have no idea why he did it .
He was n't drunk .
I think he was just being silly .
" Tony could have been wearing a jockstrap , I suppose .
I was standing behind him and did n't care to look .
" I have n't talked about it before because while he was politically important I did n't want to ruin his career .
Now he 's standing down so it does n't matter . "
A Downing Street spokesman described the story as " totally and utterly untrue " , but Mr Sharrock stood by his version of events .
Last month newspapers published a photo of Tory leader David Cameron in a white tie and tailcoat during his own Oxford days , leading to him being labelled a " toff " .
BBC reporter Michael Crick unearthed the photo of the Prime Minister to show that Mr Cameron is not the only party leader who might prefer to forget some of his youthful foibles and somewhat privileged background .
Mr Blair was privately educated at Fettes College in Edinburgh , where he was caned for persistently breaking school rules and was threatened with expulsion .
He was also arrested at Fettes after being mistaken for a burglar as he tried to climb back into his dormitory using a ladder , having found himself locked out after an illicit late - night excursion .
For a long time now , I ’ve been deeply frustrated and annoyed by the ongoing use of the term “ war ” to describe the situation in Iraq .
Pardon me , but the “ war ” in Iraq ended several years ago , when all of their troops surrendered .
What we have there now is a military occupation .
You might think this is an unimportant matter of semantics , but it is not .
It is a very useful matter of semantics if you happen to be a Bush - loving , neo-con Republican .
Why is a “ war ” better than a “ military occupation ? ”
“ War ” implies a threat , which makes garnering public support much , much easier .
“ War ” demands money .
“ War ” demands resources .
“ War ” demands increased military production .
“ War ” demands lives .
“ War ” is romantic , attracting both patriotic individuals who want to serve their country , and military and political leaders who want to cloak themselves in it .
Bush supporters like to call him the “ war president ” — do you think any would call him the “ military occupation president ? ”
“ War ” justifies autocratic leadership .
“ War ” justifies sacrifices in personal liberties .
“ War ” justifies espionage , both at home and abroad .
“ War ” justifies sending large numbers of soldiers to be killed or maimed .
“ War ” justifies killing people , even innocent people .
“ War ” justifies prison camps .
“ War ” sometimes even justifies torture .
When does a military occupation justify any of this ?
“ War ” creates images of valor and heroism .
“ War ” creates the myth of an innocent nation fighting back to protect itself .
“ War ” creates “ the enemy . ”
And not just any ordinary enemy ( e.g. , a terrorist hiding in an Afganistan cave ) , but a worthy enemy : “ global terrorism . ”
Who is the enemy in a military occupation ?
Insurgents .
Locals .
Nobodies .
In sum , “ war ” is what neo -con Republicans want every American to call the situation in Iraq , because this one word gives them more power than they could possibly get any other way .
It is time we stop calling it “ the war in Iraq , ” and time we start calling it what it is : the military occupation of Iraq .
This is not just semantics .
It is a matter of life and death .
Across Cambodia , residents have been engaging in a rare activity : turning off their air conditioners and stilling their fans .
Some of Phnom Penh 's intrepid moto drivers have even been seen zipping around the streets at night in puffy parkas .
It has been cold here – the coldest in 27 years of recorded history , according to Seth Vannareth , the director of meteorology at the Ministry of Water Resources and Meteorology .
As the cold settled in , she counseled this correspondent to " please take a coat with you . "
Yesterday , she had good news :
The cold spell was officially over .
Still , for Cambodians , the brief flirtation with sweater weather has been such a far cry from the norms of the cold season , which peaks in early January , that some people were even wearing socks .
The cold snap began on Jan. 30 .
Low temperatures have ranged from 7 to 15 degrees C ( mid -40s to mid-50s F. ) in the northeast and mountainous areas , far below norms of 17 to 20 degrees C .
What , if anything , this has to do with global climate change , Ms. Seth will not begin to guess .
She attributes the chill to a high - pressure front moving down from Siberia , which , she says , has cooled off greater Indochina , including Cambodia , Laos , Vietnam , and parts of Thailand .
Krang Karath , a Phnong chief in the northeast province of Mondolkiri , which has suffered some of the most extreme cold this past week , said his people had taken to drinking little cups of fish sauce and stashing hot coals under their beds to stay warm .
Inmates in Mondolkiri provincial prison complained to the prison director of a strange new sensation in their arms and legs : numbness .
The cold has not morphed into a national emergency , even though many people in the countryside live in thatch homes that offer little protection from the elements .
Uy Sam Ath , the director of the disaster - management unit of the Cambodian Red Cross , said he had not received requests for extra blankets .
But last Friday , a local charity distributed warm clothes and blankets around Phnom Penh , where many homeless have struggled with the cold .
Thirteen - year - old Seth Rom had on two long sleeved shirts and one pair of grubby pants .
" It 's too cold to take a shower , " he said .
" Too cold to fall asleep . "
Un Sophal , huddled in a Phnom Penh park , expressed appreciation for a pink sweater that she received two days ago .
Before that , she said , she had been clinging to a mosquito net for warmth .
" It was n't warm at all , " she said .
Many short - term tourists , of course , do n't find it cold at all , and some of the country 's long - term expatriates have enjoyed cozying up to some long sleeves .
" This is not cold , " says Mark Treacy , the country director of Flora and Fauna International and a Wisconsin native .
He says that he was delighted – and slightly dumbfounded – to find himself wearing a sweater the other day .
A few people have been braving the tepid waters of the elegant pool at Le Royale Hotel in Phnom Penh , but pool attendant Chan Sok said overall attendance had been down .
" I would n't get in that water , " he said archly .
But Helmut Waldheim , who was stretched out poolside , was n't thinking twice about diving in .
He 's from Vienna .
" It was zero there ! " he said , looking content .
By David Willis
BBC News , California
It takes four years to graduate from the Delancey Street foundation
Instead the residents support themselves - and each other - by running a string of businesses including a gourmet restaurant .
It is a 500 - strong family , and - much like a normal family - the punishment for those who step out of line is washing the dishes .
UK Prime Minister Tony Blair visited the place recently , prompting calls for the concept to be introduced in Britain .
Graduation
Nestling in the shadow of San Francisco 's Bay Bridge the Delancey Street Foundation looks more like an upscale Mediterranean resort than a commune for ex-cons .
Inside the place is immaculate .
James greeted me warmly , dressed in a suit and tie - the only evidence of his notorious past a necklace of tattoos peeking above a crisply - starched shirt .
DELANCEY ST FOUNDATION 14,000 offenders helped Started with a $ 1000 loan Residents pay no fees
But now James is going straight .
The first stop on our tour : a gourmet waterfront restaurant run by the residents and open to the public for lunch and dinner .
The place serves around 500 people a day , most of whom have no idea the man or woman serving them is a former car thief or a cat burglar .
James took me to meet Winfrid , the rotisserie chef , who told me he had robbed banks because he was lonely .
Winfrid was caught by the FBI attempting to transfer his ill - gotten gains into an offshore bank account and served 11 years , four months and two days in a federal prison , not that he was counting .
A year into his stay at Delancey Street he says he will never do another hold - up again .
He will remain there another three years ( it takes a total of four years to graduate ) and acquire the skills he needs to rebuild his life .
Living together
As we moved on to tour the coffee shop , car service and bookstore James told me residents live and work together , pool their income and take responsibility for each other 's welfare .
Mimi Silbert founded Delancey Street in 1971
It is a concept he believes could work well elsewhere .
In the canteen and the common room gang members rubbed shoulders with hit men , Mafiosi chewed the cud with con men , and white - collar criminals shot the breeze with white supremacists .
There was no hint of tension ; the residents all seemed far too busy for that , either acquiring an education or learning new job skills .
Then it was back to the restaurant for high tea with Mimi Silbert , the founder of Delancey Street , and the only person in the place who is not a former criminal .
Which is not to say she has not been to jail - plenty of times in fact , in the course of her work as a criminal psychologist .
Glowing with pride
She founded Delancey Street in 1971 with four residents and $ 1000 ( £ 507 ) loan and has since turned a decrepit warehouse into a lavish residential and retail centre , a place which has seen more than 14,000 multiple offenders transformed into law - abiding citizens .
Mimi says Delancey Street does not accept former sex offenders or psychiatric patients , simply because they require special care .
With such care she believed the concept could work for them too .
I told her what James had told me - that Delancey Street is the family he never had - and she glowed with pride .
James , she said , was now one of her recruiters .
He goes into jails to spread the word about Delancey Street .
Plenty has changed for James in recent years .
He told me the last time he arrived at the county jail he was mistaken for a lawyer .
If ever there were a spectacular example of how the logic of authoritarianism inexorably creeps from A to D and ultimately Z , John Yoo is it .
Mr. Yoo , the torture - adoring , Geneva Convention - denying , law professor servant of " unitary executive " power has put his mind to work on the U.S. Attorney scandal and finds it all a mere " hubbub " :
Would n't things be simpler if we just extended the president 's virtually unfettered war - making and foreign - policy powers to the domestic realm as well ?
Spectacularly simplistic and simple - minded also come to mind .
But , for the right , simple is good .
Simple is understandable .
Simple sells .
The Wall Street Journal is always a willing vendor , and Thursday it published Mr. Yoo 's simplistic and simple - minded " think - piece " that is , simply , a bunch of hooey .
First , according to Mr. Yoo , the scandal is just politics -- neglecting that more than a handful of Congressional Republicans are less than amused .
But what the hell .
That sort of complication only complicates ; better to sweep it under the rug so we can keep arguments tidy -- and simple .
And how reassuring it is to simply snicker about those notoriously political Democrats simply wanting to watch " Karl Rove squirm before a congressional committee " while " placing bets on Attorney General Alberto Gonzales 's tenure in office , " all of which " is great political sport . "
Well , frankly , yes it is , Mr. Yoo .
But so was Watergate , which also happened to double as something of a real problem .
But then , Mr. Yoo gets serious .
He furrows his brow in preparation for making us wake up and realize that " much more than partisan circuses is at stake . "
Are you ready ?
Are you now as sober as Mr. Yoo ?
Good .
We 've had our fun , but it 's time to recognize that dark , incendiary forces loom and " those who toss more fuel onto the fire threaten the nation 's unifying force in law enforcement and well - run government -- the president 's core constitutional prerogative to fire his subordinates . "
Which government is that ?
Is there some " well - run " outfit around here we have n't noticed ?
And has n't this president repeatedly soiled himself precisely because he did n't fire every Tom , Dick , Donald and Brownie as boneheaded as he ?
Still , all of that " constitutional prerogative " garbage was just filler for Mr. Yoo .
To justify an article of respectable length he had to write something other than that one word , the object of his political affection and the mere thought of which really pumps him erect : and that one word was , of course , unitary -- meaning , once disrobed , " dictatorial . "
There is nothing , no national ill , which in the opinion of Mr. Yoo 's ilk can not be cured by one - man rule .
From singlehandedly interpreting treaties to launching preemptive wars to deciding the contours of prosecutorial matters -- if only we had just one authority , we'd have no fuss , no muss .
Simple as that .
I saw John Dean in a cable - news interview the other night and he was recalling that when he became a conservative , conservatism meant limiting one man 's rule .
He seemed genuinely perplexed as to what 's happened .
Mr. Yoo happened , Mr. Dean .
But I 'll end where Mr. Yoo began : " Since the very beginnings of the Republic , presidents have always had the constitutional right to remove their political appointees , for any reason or no reason at all . "
What that historical overview profoundly failed to take into account is that " since the very beginnings of the Republic " most presidents have n't abused their constitutionally granted powers , invented new ones , elbowed all other constitutionally limiting authorities and generally made an absolute mess of everything .
I 've got some news for yoo .
The " hubbub " really is as simple as that .
Thursday , December 08 , 2005
Imitation is Not Strategy , or Why Yahoo is Living in the Uncanny Valley
One of Yahoo's vital points - perhaps it 's definitive vital point - is that it does n't innovate ; it imitates .
Even hyperimitates , if you like ; soaking up like a sponge more and more corporate versions of cool ideas floating around the Net .
What it almost never does is improve on them in any meaningful way .
Remember Yahoo Maps ?
Shoposphere ?
360 ? MyWeb ?
These were all imitations ( of Google Maps , Wists , MySpace , Delicious , etc ) .
I could go on , but you get the point : Yahoo's versions of these services were / are like wax dummies , lacking any life , missing the whole point of openness , anarchy , decentralization , etc being sources of very real value creation .
It 's like Yahoo 's stuck in a strategic uncanny valley .
This should be intuitive , but let me be a beancounter for a sec :
" ... The combined average revenue per page view and search increased by approximately 5 percent and 8 percent , respectively , in the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2005 compared to the same periods in 2004 . "
That 's from Yahoo's latest quarterly report .
Case in point , Yahoo Answers ( or , secondarily , Messenger ; despite the gushing , this too is simple imitation ) .
This is not innovation ; it 's an imitation , pretty obviously , of models like Ask Mefi , or perhaps Wondir - a play I 've talked about a great deal .
It 's not just that that 's lame - it's that imitation ( plus perhaps dressing something up in nicer garb ) is not a sustainable strategy ;
The emperor still has no clothes , in markets dominated by first - mover advantage .
Why does Yahoo keep imitating ?
The implication is that it does because it can't innovate .
Which begs the question : why so little innovative capacity ?
I 'm not sure .
Certainly , it 's not for any lack of smart people , money , technology , or other resources .
Unfortunately for Yahoo , the market can feel what I 'm saying - this lack of innovative capacity is clearly reflected in it 's market cap vis a vis Goog .
To extend Mark P's killer analogy , if Google is like Wal - Mart , I suppose Yahoo is trying to be Target .
Either one leaves me equally unexcited these days .
Of course , the standard rejoinder to my argument is that Yahoo is assembling resources and building competencies .
I do n't buy that .
Yahoo seems to be chronically unable to derive any serious supply or demand side scale , scope , or specialization economies ( as I 've partially shown ) .
This tells us all these resources are not translating into real economic value , let alone serving as sources of advantage .
I know this is a harsh post - so apologies in advance .
My goal is not to offend anyone , most of all the folks at Yahoo that worked hard on these projects .
I just want to offer this critique of what I see as Yahoo 's ongoing anti-strategy .
YMMV .
-- umair // 10:26 AM
// -- umair // 10:26 AM
// 12 comments
Comments :
Yahoo's market cap is half of Google 's for a reasons which has nothing to do with innovation around peripheral products .
It has * everything * to do with inferior valuation with one of Yahoo's core products , in this case search advertising .
Google sees more searches than Yahoo , and Google 's ad auction and relevancy - based ranking does a better job of monetizing each search than Yahoo's .
Simple as that .
I also think you overestimate the value of early innovation .
The earliest pioneers usually get killed .
They blaze the trail , define a successful product or category -- essentially do all the early proof of concept work to both skeptical users and skeptical press .
Later entrants -- as long as they 're not too late -- can sometimes enter well before the product has crossed the chasm and been discovered by the mainstream .
With their massive distribution and audience , they are able to grow their share quickly , even with a slightly inferior product .
And make no mistake , Yahoo's big asset ( and the bulk of its market cap ) is in its audience .
It is a massive distribution outlet for content and services -- and that 's an asset these little startups do n't have .
Bottom line :
For many categories of technology products and services , Yahoo does n't have to be there first ( ask AOL ) .
Neither does Microsoft ( ask Apple or Netscape or Borland or Lotus or Novell or ... ) or Google ( ask AltaVista ) .
Yahoo can't afford to be a slow follower -- else it 's audience will eventually erode .
Nope .
You 're making this too complicated .
Yahoo's market cap is half of Google 's for a reasons which has nothing to do with innovation around peripheral products .
It has * everything * to do with inferior valuation with one of Yahoo's core products , in this case search advertising .
Google sees more searches than Yahoo , and Google 's ad auction and relevancy - based ranking does a better job of monetizing each search than Yahoo's .
Simple as that .
I also think you overestimate the value of early innovation .
The earliest pioneers usually get killed .
They blaze the trail , define a successful product or category -- essentially do all the early proof of concept work to both skeptical users and skeptical press .
Later entrants -- as long as they 're not too late -- can sometimes enter well before the product has crossed the chasm and been discovered by the mainstream .
With their massive distribution and audience , they are able to grow their share quickly , even with a slightly inferior product .
And make no mistake , Yahoo's big asset ( and the bulk of its market cap ) is in its audience .
It is a massive distribution outlet for content and services -- and that 's an asset these little startups do n't have .
Bottom line :
For many categories of technology products and services , Yahoo does n't have to be there first ( ask AOL ) .
Neither does Microsoft ( ask Apple or Netscape or Borland or Lotus or Novell or ... ) or Google ( ask AltaVista ) .
Yahoo can't afford to be a slow follower -- else it 's audience will eventually erode .
Yahoo's stuff works , scales well and is there 24 - 7 , but sometimes people are too busy refreshing their Google Analytics pages with 8 - day - old data and waiting to sign up for Google WebAccelerator that might have an uptime of 2 - 3 % .
I think you 're confusing innovation with releasing a half - baked product that crashes with JavaScript errors after user # 5 decides to simultaneously visit the site , and introducing a revolutionary transit service that does n't work anywhere except Portland , Oregon .
Yahoo's stuff works , scales well and is there 24 - 7 , but sometimes people are too busy refreshing their Google Analytics pages with 8 - day - old data and waiting to sign up for Google WebAccelerator that might have an uptime of 2 - 3 % .
You also seem to be ignoring the fact that Google ( which you seem to imply has a higher valuation because of innovation ) is itself a follower , and other than introducing an ajax interface to webmail it has n't offered one original idea since the founders were in grad school .
Google has bought innovation and integrated it well ( e.g. Keyhole & Blogger ) , but sometimes it has failed miserably even when trying to copy the flavor of the month ( e.g. Orkut . )
I would have to agree that both Yahoo ! and Google are not all that innovative .
For the most part they are followers and scooping up small companies or imitating what has already been done .
However , that is just part of the life .
Most entrepreneurs that love to innovate like to pursue their dreams on their own terms vs. working for one of the big boys .
Mike
At least in some cases - say , Flickr - Yahoo's been able to dodge having to innovate by picking up the innovators for what , to Yahoo , is peanuts .
Should see another example of this very , very shortly , I think .
My conclusion is that the deck is stacked against innovation in a large company .
Come up with an innovation and the first question you will be asked is , " how much money will you make next quarter ? "
You either make it up , or say that you do n't know .
Either way it 's hard to get budget approval against projects that are making money .
You have to spend and enormous amount of energy selling your management .
Large companies are about maximizing the return on what they already know .
An individuals success in that organization is measured against that ( i.e. I increased sales from x to x or marketshare from y to y ) .
The penelalty for failure is high with inovations .
Most large companies have the attitude that if any innovation works in the market , they can either move into it or buy it at lower risk than trying it .
Yahoo is simply acting like a large company .
I think it has more to do with the nature of large companies .
I recently went through the transition from small to large through an aquisition .
My conclusion is that the deck is stacked against innovation in a large company .
Come up with an innovation and the first question you will be asked is , " how much money will you make next quarter ? "
You either make it up , or say that you do n't know .
Either way it 's hard to get budget approval against projects that are making money .
You have to spend and enormous amount of energy selling your management .
Large companies are about maximizing the return on what they already know .
An individuals success in that organization is measured against that ( i.e. I increased sales from x to x or marketshare from y to y ) .
The penelalty for failure is high with inovations .
Most large companies have the attitude that if any innovation works in the market , they can either move into it or buy it at lower risk than trying it .
Yahoo is simply acting like a large company .
Dude , what are you doing ?
Why on Earth would you advise Yahoo or any other GAMEY constituent to innovate .
It 's the startups that innovate , it 's YAHOO who buys them .
It 's the great circle of life and I outright take issue with any attempts to short circuit it .
Unless you are trying to push the argument that Yahoo should lead , innovate earlier and buy more startups - I fail to see the benefits of your analysis .
;)
Umair !!!
Dude , what are you doing ?
Why on Earth would you advise Yahoo or any other GAMEY constituent to innovate .
It 's the startups that innovate , it 's YAHOO who buys them .
It 's the great circle of life and I outright take issue with any attempts to short circuit it .
Unless you are trying to push the argument that Yahoo should lead , innovate earlier and buy more startups - I fail to see the benefits of your analysis . ;)
This is the same old , " why do n't big companies innovate ? " meme that is the mainstay of business schools and armchair pundits .
Search Innovator 's Dilemma on Amazon .
Does it really matter whether big companies innovate or not ?
If you judge success by market cap and revenue , clearly not .
Fast follower strategies that mass market innovation to broad consumer bases generally work pretty darn well .
If you judge success by having a bunch of cool widgets that only the tired Wired - 1998 crowd use to be hipper than the other , well , then , you 're right :
The big companies suck .
But thank goodness , they do .
Now how a company reacts to the impact of a lack of innovation and creativity upon its brand reputation and resulting customer relationship ... that 's a bit more interesting .
Yawn .
This is the same old , " why do n't big companies innovate ? " meme that is the mainstay of business schools and armchair pundits .
Search Innovator 's Dilemma on Amazon .
Does it really matter whether big companies innovate or not ?
If you judge success by market cap and revenue , clearly not .
Fast follower strategies that mass market innovation to broad consumer bases generally work pretty darn well .
If you judge success by having a bunch of cool widgets that only the tired Wired - 1998 crowd use to be hipper than the other , well , then , you 're right :
The big companies suck .
But thank goodness , they do .
Now how a company reacts to the impact of a lack of innovation and creativity upon its brand reputation and resulting customer relationship ... that 's a bit more interesting .
Are you suggesting that companies with large market caps and huge number of share - holders should ship lots and lots of crap to see what sticks ?
Can you imagine the class - action lawsuits ?
There are things that ONLY the big guys can innovate on - and you do n't even give them credit for those .
Can you even see them ?
Sometimes , innovation is getting an idea that failed at small scale to work at large scale .
ALL ideas are built on top of other ideas .
It seems that by your definition all innovation is copying if it is done by a large enough company .
As a mutltiple - time small - company innovator and resulting road - kill , I think your definition of " innovation " is way too narrow - or you are n't correctly pointing out that a lot of " innovation " is pure unmitigated crap .
Are you suggesting that companies with large market caps and huge number of share - holders should ship lots and lots of crap to see what sticks ?
Can you imagine the class - action lawsuits ?
There are things that ONLY the big guys can innovate on - and you do n't even give them credit for those .
Can you even see them ?
Sometimes , innovation is getting an idea that failed at small scale to work at large scale .
ALL ideas are built on top of other ideas .
It seems that by your definition all innovation is copying if it is done by a large enough company .
The 100 % original / innovative movie would be unwatchable and get a large studio exec rightfully fired .
Yahoo !
bought del.icio.us today .
new products is very difficult for large companies .
Yahoo has definitely had it 's moments of innovation , but that 's not really what it 's known for .
I use Yahoo religiously because they always release extremely high - quality products .
The latest version of
Bah !
Innovatingproducts is very difficult for large companies .
Yahoo has definitely had it 's moments of innovation , but that 's not really what it 's known for .
I use Yahoo religiously because they always release extremely high - quality products .
The latest version of Messenger is miles ahead of AIM and MSN .
Yahoo Music Engine rocks .
Yahoo
Mail has always been awesome and the new Beta will be a huge leap forward .
Best of all , Yahoo's products all link together .
Because of their huge user - base , Yahoo seems to understand the value of community .
My songs play can be seen by my friends on Yahoo Messenger and I can see when they update their blogs .
Google tends to release ( copycat ) products way too early , not complete them ( like Froogle ) , and create no integration among their products ( why does n't News integrate Blog results ? ) .
Geeevil !
Recent Tweets
input portfolio contact
About two miles below the ground in a South African gold mine , co-author Duane Moser stands next to the fracture zone ( white area ) where the one - of - a - kind bacteria were found .
Credit : Images courtesy Li-Hung Lin and Duane Moser
Researchers have discovered an isolated , self - sustaining , bacterial community living under extreme conditions almost two miles deep beneath the surface in a South African gold mine .
It is the first microbial community demonstrated to be exclusively dependent on geologically produced sulfur and hydrogen and one of the few ecosystems found on Earth that does not depend on energy from the Sun in any way .
The discovery , appearing in the October 20 issue of Science , raises the possibility that similar bacteria could live beneath the surface of other worlds , such as Mars or Jupiter 's moon Europa .
" These bacteria are truly unique , in the purest sense of the word , " said lead author Li-Hung Lin , now at National Taiwan University , who performed many of the analyses as a doctoral student at Princeton and as a postdoctoral researcher at the Carnegie Institution 's Geophysical Laboratory .
As Lin explained : " We know how isolated the bacteria have been because our analyses show that the water they live in is very old and has n't been diluted by surface water .
In addition , we found that the hydrocarbons in the local environment did not come from living organisms , as is usual , and that the source of the hydrogen ( H 2 ) needed for their respiration comes from the decomposition of water ( H 2 O ) by radioactive decay of uranium , thorium , and potassium . "
Humans and most other land - dwelling organisms ultimately get their energy from the Sun , with photosynthetic plants forming the base of the food web .
But in dark places where sunlight does n't reach , life has to depend on other energy sources .
Other communities of " chemoautotrophs " - - a word chained together from Greek roots meaning " chemical self - nourishment " -- have been found in exotic places such as aquifers , petroleum reservoirs , and vents linked to deep - sea volcanoes .
Yet these communities all depend at least in part on nutrients that can be traced back to photosynthetic plants or bacteria .
The international team led by T. C. Onstott of Princeton University , which also includes Carnegie staff scientist Douglas Rumble and former Carnegie postdoctoral researcher Pei-Ling Wang , also now at National Taiwan University , found the community in a rock fracture that intersects the Mponeng gold mine near Johannesburg , South Africa .
Water trapped in the fracture is home to the otherworldly bacteria .
Using genetic tools , the team discovered that there is very little species diversity in the rock fracture community .
Compared with bacteria in the water used for mining , the fracture water is dominated by one type of bacteria related to Desulfotomaculum , which is known to get energy from the reduction of sulfur compounds .
" We also believe that the sulfate used by these creatures is left - over from ancient groundwater mixed with ancient hydrothermal fluid .
We can detect that because the chemical signature arises from interacting with the fracture 's wall rock , " commented Rumble .
" It is possible that communities like this can sustain themselves indefinitely , given enough input from geological processes .
Time will tell how many more we might find in Earth 's crust , but it is especially exciting to ponder whether they exist elsewhere in the solar system . "
Source : Carnegie Institution
Explore further Researchers propose conceptual device for solar - powered water sanitation
Coloured Smoke
These pictures are of smoke released by a burning incense stick .
Smoke is grey to the human eye , but with a little post processing in Photoshop or similar editor the underlying colour can be revealed .
For the technically minded , change the colour temperature and increase the saturation to see what I mean .
Smoke photography is tricky , not least because it is hard for the camera to focus on the smoke .
With practice and a lot of trial and error some interesting results can be produced .
Not all incense sticks are created equal .
If you find the type where the incense is bonded to a wooden core two types of smoke are created , one from the incense and one from the core .
Being chemically different they give rise to differently coloured smoke .
In the picture opposite you can clearly see both blue and gold colours .
Neat
Thanks to Grant for emailing me a picture of the AdSense Christmas Gift for some publishers .
( Click to enlarge ) .
It is a :
carrying case with embossed google logo .
zipper closure
wireless mini mouse , with scroll wheel
usb charger for mouse with retractable cord
usb 4 port hub
usb gooseneck led light
128 mb usb flash drive with wrist strap
headset with retractable cord .
has two plugs ( one for mic and one for earbud ) so it is for a computer , not a mobile phone .
Aaron ’s Patented Demotivational Seminar
Thousands of people out there are willing to give you a motivational seminar , but only Aaron ’s Patented Demotivational Seminars are going to actually admit they demotivate you .
I ’ve collected thousands of actual facts from real scientists and the verdict is in : people do n’t matter , except for a couple of rare exceptions , and you ’re not one of them .
Sorry .
Let ’s start at the beginning , shall we ?
The universe is a bunch of random particles shooting through space following a handful of simple laws .
Through completely random and unintentional properties , some of those particles bounced together to form you .
But , I swear , it was a total accident .
They did n’t even realize they were doing it at the time and if they knew they ’d probably feel kind of guilty about it .
For a long time , it was pretty clear that most people did n’t matter .
The average person did n’t leave their town or village and so only interacted with a small handful of people who lived near them , most of whom found them annoying .
The Internet has changed all that .
Now the average person does n’t leave their computer and so only interacts with a small handful of spammers who read their LiveJournal , most of whom find them annoying .
Luckily for posterity , their LiveJournal will probably disappear within their lifetime due to a hard drive crash or some other kind of poor server maintenance .
But let ’s say you want to make a difference in the world .
You can learn a skill and go into a profession , where you get bossed around and told exactly what to do by people more powerful than you .
( Obeying them is called “ professionalism ” . )
It ’s completely futile ; had you not gone into the professional ( or if you decide to disobey orders ) they would have found someone else to do the exact same thing .
The same is true even if you ’re the one giving orders .
Imagine about the most powerful job you can think of .
Let ’s say you ’re a US Supreme Court Justice , able to change the laws of the world ’s only superpower with the stroke of your pen .
Well , big deal .
Had you not been appointed to the Supreme Court the President who appointed you would have found some other judge who would have made the same changes to the law .
Yeah , you get to wear a robe and feel powerful , but when you look at the cold , hard , scientific facts , you ’re not making a lick of difference in the world .
Want to actually make a difference ?
You ’ll have to buck the system instead of joining it .
You should follow me on twitter here .
March 27 , 2007
April 11 , 2012
This Week 's Finds ( Week 319 )
John Baez
This Week 's Finds ( Week 319 )
It 's not a realistic model ; we 're just getting started .
But some programmers in the Azimuth Project team are interested in making more such models — especially Allan Erskine ( who made this one ) , Jim Stuttard ( who helped me get it to work ) , Glyn Adgie and Staffan Liljgeren .
It could be a fun way for us to learn and explain climate physics .
With enough of these models , we'd have a whole online course !
If you want to help us out , please say hi .
Allan will say more about the programming challenges later .
But first , a big puzzle : how can small changes in the Earth 's orbit lead to big changes in the Earth 's climate ?
As I mentioned last time , it seems hard to understand the glacial cycles of the last few million years without answering this .
Are there feedback mechanisms that can amplify small changes in temperature ?
Yes .
Here are a few obvious ones :
Water vapor feedback .
When it gets warmer , more water evaporates , and the air becomes more humid .
But water vapor is a greenhouse gas , which causes additional warming .
Conversely , when the Earth cools down , the air becomes drier , so the greenhouse effect becomes weaker , which tends to cool things down .
.
When it gets warmer , more water evaporates , and the air becomes more humid .
But water vapor is a greenhouse gas , which causes additional warming .
Conversely , when the Earth cools down , the air becomes drier , so the greenhouse effect becomes weaker , which tends to cool things down .
Ice albedo feedback .
Snow and ice reflect more light than liquid oceans or soil .
When the Earth warms up , snow and ice melt , so the Earth becomes darker , absorbs more light , and tends to get get even warmer .
Conversely , when the Earth cools down , more snow and ice form , so the Earth becomes lighter , absorbs less light , and tends to get even cooler .
Carbon dioxide solubility feedback .
Cold water can hold more carbon dioxide than warm water : that 's why opening a warm can of soda can be so explosive .
So , when the Earth 's oceans warm up , they release carbon dioxide .
But carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas , which causes additional warming .
Conversely , when the oceaans cool down , they absorb more carbon dioxide , so the greenhouse effect becomes weaker , which tends to cool things down .
Planck feedback .
A hotter world radiates more heat , which cools it down .
This is the big negative feedback that keeps all the positive feedbacks from making the Earth insanely hot or insanely cold .
A hotter world radiates more heat , which cools it down .
This is the big negative feedback that keeps all the positive feedbacks from making the Earth insanely hot or insanely cold .
Cloud feedback .
A warmer Earth has more clouds , which reflect more light but also increase the greenhouse effect .
A warmer Earth has more clouds , which reflect more light but also increase the greenhouse effect .
Lapse rate feedback .
An increased greenhouse effect changes the vertical temperature profile of the atmosphere , which has effects of its own — but this works differently near the poles and near the equator .
See week302 for more on feedbacks and how big they 're likely to be .
On top of all these subtleties , any proposed solution to the puzzle of glacial cycles needs to keep a few other things in mind , too :
A really good theory will explain , not just why we have glacial cycles now , but why we did n't have them earlier .
As I explained in week317 , they got started around 5 million years ago , became much colder around 2 million years ago , and switched from a roughly 41,000 year cycle to a roughly 100,000 year cycle around 1 million years ago .
Say we dream up a whopping big positive feedback mechanism that does a great job of keeping the Earth warm when it 's warm and cold when it 's cold .
If this effect is strong enough , the Earth may be bistable : it will have two stable states , a warm one and a cold one .
Unfortunately , if the effect is too strong , it wo n't be easy for the Earth to pop back and forth between these two states !
The classic example of a bistable system is a switch — say for an electric light .
When the light is on it stays on ; when the light is off it stays off .
If you touch the switch very gently , nothing will happen .
But if you push on it hard enough , it will suddenly pop from on to off , or vice versa .
If we 're trying to model the glacial cycles using this idea , we need the switch to have a fairly dramatic effect , yet still be responsive to a fairly gentle touch .
For this to work we need enough positive feedback ... but not too much .
( We could also try a different idea : maybe the Earth keeps itself in its icy glacial state , or its warm interglacial state , using some mechanism that gradually uses something up .
Then , when the Earth runs out of this stuff , whatever it is , the climate can easily flip to the other state . )
We must always remember that to a good approximation , the total amount of sunlight hitting the Earth each year does not change as the Earth 's orbit changes in the so - called ' Milankovich cycles ' that seem to be causing the ice ages .
I explained why last time .
What changes is not the total amount of sunlight , but something much subtler : the amount of sunlight at particular latitudes in particular seasons !
In particular , Milankovitch claimed , and most scientists believe , that the Earth tends to get cold when there 's little sunlight hitting the far northern latitudes in summer .
For these and other reasons , any solution to the ice age puzzle is bound to be subtle .
Instead of diving straight into this complicated morass , let 's try something much simpler .
Let 's just think about how the ice albedo effect could , in theory , make the Earth bistable .
To do this , let 's look at the very simplest model in this great not - yet - published book :
Gerald R. North , Simple Models of Global Climate .
This is a zero - dimensional energy balance model , meaning that it only involves the average temperature of the earth , the average solar radiation coming in , and the average infrared radiation going out .
The average temperature will be \ ( T\ ) , measured in Celsius .
We 'll assume the Earth radiates power square meter equal to $ $ \displaystyle {
A + B T }$$ where \ ( A\ ) = 218 watts / meter2 and \ ( B\ ) = 1.90 watts / meter2 per degree Celsius .
This is a linear approximation taken from satellite data on our Earth .
In reality , the power emitted grows faster than linearly with temperature .
We 'll assume the Earth absorbs solar energy power per square meter equal to
Here :
\( Q\ ) is the average insolation : that is , the amount of solar power per square meter hitting the top of the Earth 's atmosphere , averaged over location and time of year .
In reality \ ( Q\ ) is about 341.5 watts / meter 2 .
This is one quarter of the solar constant , meaning the solar power per square meter that would hit a panel hovering in space above the Earth 's atmosphere and facing directly at the Sun .
Why a quarter ?
That 's a nice geometry puzzle : we worked it out at the Azimuth Blog once .
: that is , the amount of solar power per square meter hitting the top of the Earth 's atmosphere , averaged over location and time of year .
In reality \ ( Q\ ) is about 341.5 watts / meter .
This is one quarter of the , meaning the solar power per square meter that would hit a panel hovering in space above the Earth 's atmosphere and facing directly at the Sun . \ ( c( T ) \ ) is the coalbedo : the fraction of solar power that gets absorbed .
The coalbedo depends on the temperature ; we 'll have to say how .
Given all this , we get
where \ ( C\ ) is Earth 's heat capacity in joules per degree per square meter .
Of course this is a funny thing , because heat energy is stored not only at the surface but also in the air and / or water , and the details vary a lot depending on where we are .
But if we consider a uniform planet with dry air and no ocean , North says we may roughly take \ ( C\ ) equal to about half the heat capacity at constant pressure of the column of dry air over a square meter , namely 5 million joules per degree Celsius .
The easiest thing to do is find equilibrium solutions , meaning solutions where \( \frac{d T}{d t} = 0\ ) , so that
Now \ ( C\ ) does n't matter anymore !
We 'd like to solve for \ ( T\ ) as a function of the insolation \ ( Q\ ) , but it 's easier to solve for \ ( Q\ ) as a function of \( T\ ) : $ $ Q = \frac{ A + B T } { c ( T ) }$$
To go further , we need to guess some formula for the coalbedo \ ( c ( T ) \ ) .
The coalbedo , remember , is the fraction of sunlight that gets absorbed when it hits the Earth .
It 's 1 minus the albedo , which is the fraction that gets reflected .
Here 's a little chart of albedos :
If you get mixed up between albedo and coalbedo , just remember : coal has a high coalbedo .
Since we 're trying to keep things very simple right not , not model nature in all its glorious complexity , let 's just say the average albedo of the Earth is 0.65 when it 's very cold and there 's lots of snow .
So , let
be the 'icy ' coalbedo , good for very low temperatures .
Similarly , let 's say the average albedo drops to 0.3 when its very hot and the Earth is darker .
So , let $ $ c_f = 1 - 0.3 = 0.7 $ $
be the ' ice - free ' coalbedo , good for high temperatures when the Earth is darker .
Then , we need a function of temperature that interpolates between \( c_i\ ) and \( c_f\ ) .
Let 's try this :
If you 're not a fan of the hyperbolic tangent function \( \tanh\ ) , this may seem scary .
But do n't be intimidated !
The function \( \frac { 1} { 2 } ( 1 + \ tanh ( \gamma T ) ) \ ) is just a function that goes smoothly from 0 at low temperatures to 1 at high temperatures .
This ensures that the coalbedo is near its icy value \ ( c_i\ ) at low temperatures , and near its ice - free value \ ( c_f\ ) at high temperatures .
But the fun part here is \ ( \gamma\ ) , a parameter that says how rapidly the coalbedo rises as the Earth gets warmer .
Depending on this , we 'll get different effects !
The function \ ( c( T ) \ ) rises fastest at \ ( T = 0\ ) , since that 's where \( \tanh ( \gamma T ) \ ) has the biggest slope .
We 're just lucky that in Celsius \( T = 0\ ) is the melting point of ice , so this makes a bit of sense .
Now Allan Erskine 's programming magic comes into play !
You can slide this slider to adjust the parameter \ ( \gamma\ ) to various values between 0 and 1 :
You can see how the coalbedo \ ( c ( T ) \ ) changes as a function of the temperature \( T\ ) .
In this graph the temperature ranges from - 50 °C and 50 °C ; the graph depends on what value of \ ( \gamma\ ) you choose with the slider :
Here 's the insolation \ ( Q\ ) required to yield a given temperature \( T\ ) between - 50 °C and 50 °C : It 's easiest to solve for \ ( Q\ ) in terms of \( T\ ) .
But it 's more intuitive to flip this graph over and see what equilibrium temperatures \ ( T\ ) are allowed for a given insolation \ ( Q\ ) between 200 and 500 watts per square mater :
The exciting thing is that when \ ( \gamma\ ) gets big enough , three different temperatures are compatible with the same amount of insolation !
This means the Earth can be hot , cold or something intermediate even when the amount of sunlight hitting it is fixed .
The intermediate state is unstable , it turns out .
Only the hot and cold states are stable .
So , we say the Earth is bistable in this simplified model .
Can you see how big \ ( \gamma\ ) needs to be for this bistability to kick in ?
It 's certainly there when \( \gamma = 0.05 \ ) , since then we get a graph like this :
green line
red line
Why is the intermediate state unstable when it exists ?
Why are the other two equilibria stable ?
To answer these questions , we 'd need to go back and study the original equation :
and see what happens when we push \ ( T\ ) slightly away from one of its equilibrium values .
That 's really fun , but we wo n't do it today .
Instead , let 's draw some conclusions from what we 've just seen .
There are at least three morals : a mathematical moral , a climate science model , and a software moral .
Mathematically , this model illustrates catastrophe theory .
As we slowly turn up \ ( \gamma\ ) , we get different curves showing how temperature is a function of insolation ... until suddenly the curve is n't the graph of a function anymore : it becomes infinitely steep at one point !
After that , we get bistability :
\( \gamma = 0.00 \)
\( \gamma = 0.00 \)
\( \gamma = 0.01 \)
\( \gamma = 0.02 \)
\( \gamma = 0.03 \)
\( \gamma = 0.04 \)
\( \gamma = 0.05 \)
This is called a cusp catastrophe , and you can visualize these curves as slices of a surface in 3d , which looks roughly like this picture :
Wolfram Mathworld , Cusp catastrophe .
( Includes Mathematica package . )
As far as climate science goes , one moral is that it pays to spend some time making sure we understand simple models before we dive into more complicated ones .
Right now we 're looking at a very simple model , but we 're already seeing some interesting phenomena .
The kind of model we 're looking at now is called a Budyko - Sellers model .
These have been studied since the late 1960's :
It also pays to compare our models to reality !
For example , the graphs we 've seen show some remarkably hot and cold temperatures for the Earth .
That 's a bit unnerving .
Let 's investigate .
Suppose we set \( \gamma = 0\ ) on our slider .
Then the coalbedo of the Earth becomes independent of temperature : it 's 0.525 , halfway between its icy and ice - free values .
Then , when the insolation takes its actual value of 342.5 watts per square meter , the model says the Earth 's temperature is very chilly : about - 20 °C !
Does that mean the model is fundamentally flawed ?
Maybe not !
After all , it 's based on very light - colored Earth .
Suppose we use the actual albedo of the Earth .
Of course that 's hard to define , much less determine .
But let 's just look up some average value of the Earth 's albedo : supposedly it 's about 0.3 .
That gives a coalbedo of \(c = 0.7 \ ) .
If we plug that in our formula :
we get 11 °C .
That 's not too far from the Earth 's actual average temperature , namely about 15 ° C .
So the chilly temperature of - 20 °C seems to come from an Earth that 's a lot lighter in color than ours .
Our model includes the greenhouse effect , since the coeficients \ ( A\ ) and \ ( B\ ) were determined by satellite measurements of how much radiation actually escapes the Earth 's atmosphere and shoots out into space .
As a further check to our model , we can look at an even simpler zero - dimensional energy balance model : a completely black Earth with no greenhouse effect .
Another member of the Azimuth Project has written about this :
Tim van Beek , Putting the Earth in a box , Azimuth , 19 June 2011 .
, 19 June 2011 .
Tim van Beek , A quantum of warmth , Azimuth , 2 July 2011 .
As he explains , this model gives the Earth a temperature of 6 °C .
He also shows that in this model , lowering the albedo to a realistic value of 0.3 lowers the temperature to a chilly - 18 ° C .
To get from that to something like our Earth , we must take the greenhouse effect into account .
This sort of fiddling around is the sort of thing we must do to study the flaws and virtues of a climate model .
Of course , any realistic climate model is vastly more sophisticated than the little toy we 've been looking at , so the ' fiddling around ' must also be more sophisticated .
With a more sophisticated model , we can also be more demanding .
For example , when I said 11 °C is " is not too far from the Earth 's actual average temperature , namely about 15 ° C " , I was being very blasé about what 's actually a big discrepancy .
I only took that attitude because the calculations we 're doing now are very preliminary .
Finally , here 's what Allan has to say about the software you 've just seen , and some fancier software you 'll see in forthcoming weeks :
Your original question in the Azimuth Forum was " What 's the easiest way to write simple programs of this sort that could be accessed and operated by clueless people online ? "
A " simple program " for the climate model you proposed needed two elements : a means to solve the ODE ( ordinary differential equation ) describing the model , and a means to interact with and visualize the results for the ( clearly ) " clueless people online " .
Some good suggestions were made by members of the forum : use a full - fledged numerical computing package such as Sage or Matlab which come loaded to the teeth with ODE solvers and interactive charting ;
use a full - featured programming language like Java which has libraries available for ode solving and charting , and which can be packaged as an applet for the web ;
do all the computation and visualization ourselves in Javascript .
While the first two suggestions were superior for computing the ODE solutions , I knew from bitter experience ( as a software developer ) that the truly clueless people were us bold forum members engaged in this new online enterprise : none of us were experts in this interactive / online math thing , and programming new software is almost always harder than you expect it to be .
Then actually releasing new software is harder still !
Especially to an audience as large as your readership .
To come up an interactive solution that would work on many different computers / browsers , the most mundane and pedestrian suggestion of " do it all ourselves in Javascript and have them run it in the browser " was also the most likely to be a success .
The issue with Javascript was that not many people use it for numerical computation , and I was down on our chances of success until Staffan pointed out the excellent JSXGraph software .
JSXGraph has many examples available to get up and running , has an ODE solver , and after a copy / paste or two and some tweaking on my part we were all set .
The true vindication for going all - Javascript though was that you were subsequently able to do some copy / pasting of your own directly into TWF without any servers needing configured etc. , or even any help from me !
The graphs ought to be viewable by your readership for as long as browsers support Javascript ( a sign of a good software release is that you do n't have to think about it afterwards ) .
There are some improvements I would make to how we handle future projects which we have discussed in the Forum .
Foremost , using Javascript to do all our numerical work is not going to attract the best and brightest minds from the forum ( or elsewhere ) to help with subsequent models .
My personal hope is that we allow all the numerical work to be done in whatever language people feel productive with , and that we come up with a slick way for you to embed and interact with just the data from these models in your webpages .
Glyn Adgie and Jim Stuttard seem to have some great momentum in this direction .
Or perhaps creating and editing interactive math online will eventually become as easy as wiki pages are today — I know Staffan had said the Sage developers were looking to make their online workbooks more interactive .
Also the bright folks behind the new Julia language are discussing ways to run ( and presumably interact with ) Julia in the cloud .
So perhaps we should just have dragged our feet on this project for a few years for all this cool stuff to help us out !
( And let 's wait for the Singularity while we 're at it . )
No , let 's not !
I hope you programmers out there can help us find good solutions to the problems Allan faced .
And I hope some of you actually join the team .
By the way , Allan has a somewhat spiffier version of the same Budyko - Sellers model here .
For discussions of this issue of This Week 's Finds visit Azimuth .
And if you want to get involved in creating online climate models , contact me and / or join the Azimuth Forum .
Thus , the present thermal regime and glaciations of the Earth prove to be characterized by high instability .
Comparatively small changes of radiation — only by 1.0 - 1.5 % — are sufficient for the development of ice cover on the land and oceans that reaches temperate latitudes .
- M. I. Budyko
© 2012 John Baez
baez@math.removethis.ucr.andthis.edu
So the guardian is reporting that Bush is going to do a big ass U - turn on his stance on global warming .
Did Bush just give Tony Blair that pony he has been wanting for so long ?
Is this why Blair is trying to stay in office so that his legacy can be causing the sleeping giant that is America to wake up and smell the global warming coffee ?
All I know is that everything Bush seems to touch turns bad .
Look for a lot of “ clean coal ” and hydrogen fluff that sounds green but really helps the fossil fuel crowd .
If the hidden agenda does n’t mess up any policy Bush rolls out , his incompetence will .
from here
George Bush is preparing to make a historic shift in his position on global warming when he makes his State of the Union speech later this month , say senior Downing Street officials .
Tony Blair hopes that the new stance by the United States will lead to a breakthrough in international talks on climate change and that the outlines of a successor treaty to the Kyoto agreement , the deal to curb emissions of greenhouse gases which expires in 2012 , could now be thrashed out at the G8 summit in June .
In a cabinet made up of old oil industry insiders it is unlikely that anything even approaching a comprehensive renewable energy policy will emerge .
But hey maybe I am wrong and everything is going to work out .
Maybe the smack down the American voter gave Bush Co. during the midterms shook someone up , but do n’t count on it .
Edit : Seems that the white house is in fact never going to give Blair that pony .
CERA is one of the best known names and the industry , and they are well - respected .
In the past few years , they have struck a perpetually defiant note against the growing chorus promoting the peak oil theory , and this new publication appears to be their definitive reply on the topic .
And their introduction does include fighting words :
CAMBRIDGE , Mass. , November 14 , 2006 - In contrast to a widely discussed theory that world oil production will soon reach a peak and go into sharp decline , a new analysis of the subject by Cambridge Energy Research Associates ( CERA ) finds that the remaining global oil resource base is actually 3.74 trillion barrels -- three times as large as the 1.2 trillion barrels estimated by the theory 's proponents -- and that the " peak oil " argument is based on faulty analysis which could , if accepted , distort critical policy and investment decisions and cloud the debate over the energy future . (...)
" The `peak oil ' theory causes confusion and can lead to inappropriate actions and turn attention away from the real issues , " Jackson observes .
" Oil is too critical to the global economy to allow fear to replace careful analysis about the very real challenges with delivering liquid fuels to meet the needs of growing economies .
This is a very important debate , and as such it deserves a rational and measured discourse . "
" This is the fifth time that the world is said to be running out of oil , " says CERA Chairman Daniel Yergin .
" Each time -- whether it was the `gasoline famine ' at the end of WWI or the `permanent shortage ' of the 1970s -- technology and the opening of new frontier areas has banished the specter of decline .
There 's no reason to think that technology is finished this time . "
Their arguments are not , on the face of it , unreasonable : we 'll squeeze more oil from existing fields thanks to better technology , and we 'll start exploiting new , " unconventional " reserves like ultra - deep offshore , extra heavy bitumens ( in Venezuela ) , oil sands ( more conveniently in Canada ) and oil shales ( even better , in the USA ) .
Additionally , there will not be a " peak " , but rather a " plateau " , as decline will be much slower , overall , than announced by peak oil theorists .
Their full report is not public ( you can get it for $ 1,000 at the first link above ) , but their basic thinking is clear from the above press release .
There have been several high profile reactions to that report , including from the Oil Drum ( here and here ) , from the Association for the Study of Peak oil ( here , via the Energy Bulletin , the best place to find all related stories ) , and even from the US Congress , via a joint press release by Roscoe G. Bartlett ( R - MD ) and Tom Udall ( D - NM ) , cofounders and cochairmen of the Congressional Peak Oil Caucus ( here ) .
They all have excellent arguments that I encourage you to read in full if you 're interested in the topic ( especially the ASPO one , with its quite explicit title : Peddling PetroProzac : CERA ignores 10 warning signposts of peak oil ) , but i'd like to focus on just one argument .
Do you seriously find that the above graph disproves the idea that oil production will peak and then decline ?
This is meant to be the optimistic version , and all it says is that ( i ) the peak will be in 2030 , not 2010 , and ( ii ) the decline after that will be slow , not fast .
But it does say pretty damn explicitly that in the best case , oil production will reach a maximum in less thna 25 years .
Now that sounds to me like a full fledged confirmation of peak oil , not a rebuttal of it .
In 25 years , many of us will ( hopefully ) still be alive .
In 25 years , we 'll be living , for the most part , with infrastructure built or planned today or in the next few years .
So the question of how to adapt to a decreasing oil production is , in the best scenario , something that we need to worry about right now ( as pointed out in the links above , all serious studies on how to transition from our current oil - dominated economy , including the Hirsch report ( pdf ! ) from the US Department of Energy ) say t.hat it is likely to require 10 - 20 years if a sustained effort is put into it ) .
And yet , these optimistic scenarios , with their aggressive titles , point in the exact opposite direction , i.e. that no effort is necessary and that markets will provide all the oil that we ( the wide ' we ' which includes China and the rest of the emerging world alongside the West ) demand .
How insane is that ?
We know the problem is there .
Even its official deniers put it barely 25 years away .
WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR TO ACT ?
: : ::
Earlier " Countdown Diaries " :
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 34 ) - Oil major CEO calls for demand reduction
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 33 ) - Below zero
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 32 ) - peak oil is , like , so over .
Not !
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 31 ) - $ 15 oil ?
The cornucopians are fighting back
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 30 ) - senior politico fears looming oil wars
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 29 ) - Alaska joins axis of evil ( unreliable oil suppliers )
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 28 ) - New records suggest more to come
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 27 ) - ' Mission Accomplished ' - High oil prices are here to stay
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 26 ) - Time to bet again ( eurotrib )
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 26 ) - Time to bet again ( dKos )
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 25 ) - Iran vows that oil prices will not go down
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 24 ) -
What markets are telling us about future energy prices
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 23 ) - Running out of natural gas in North America
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 22 ) - gas shortages in the UK - 240$ / boe
Countdown to $ 100 oil ( 21A ) -
The 4 biggest oil fields in the world are in decline *
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 21 bis ) - long term vs short term worries ( dKos )
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 21 ) - 8 - page extravaganza in the Independent : ' we 're doomed '
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 20 ) - Meteor Blades is Da Man in 2005
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 19 ) - Your bets for 2006 ( Eurotrib )
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 19 ) - Your bets for 2006 ( DailyKos )
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 18 ) - OPEC happy with oil above 50 $
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 17 ) - Does it matter politically ?
A naked appeal for your support
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 16 ) - We 'll know on Monday
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 15 ) - the impact on your electricity bill
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 14 ) - Greenspan acknoweldges peak oil
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 13 ) - Katrina strikes / refinery crisis
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 12 ) - Al - Qaeda , oil and Asian financial centers
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 11 ) - it 's Greenspan 's fault !
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 10 ) - Simmons says 300 $ soon - and more
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 9 ) - I am taking bets ( eurotrib )
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 9 ) - I am taking bets ( dKos )
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 8 ) - just raw data
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 7 ) - a smart solution : the bike
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 6 ) - and the loser is ...
Africa
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 5 ) - OPEC inexorably raises floor price
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 4 ) - WSJ wingnuts vs China
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 3 ) - industry is beginning to suffer
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 2 ) - the views of the elites on peak oil
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 1 ) ( eurotrib )
Countdown to 100 $ oil ( 1 ) ( dKos )
A Rube Goldberg machine or device is any exceedingly complex apparatus that performs a very simple task in a very indirect and convoluted way .
Rube devised such pataphysical devices .
The best examples of his machines have an anticipation factor : the fact that something so wacky is happening can only be topped by it happening in a suspenseful manner .
New research by the University of Warwick should have gardeners and commercial growers competing for both recycled paper and organic waste composts .
The University 's plant research department , Warwick HRI , is finding that recycled paper based composts are proving to be a major weapon in the fight against a range of plant diseases .
A University of Warwick research team under Professor Ralph Noble has recently shown that the use of composts can reduce the incidence of some important plant diseases by as much as 72 % .
That research , funded by the UK government 's Waste and Resource Action Programme ( WRAP ) , found that the replacement of around 20 % of the volume of soil or peat by compost gave major disease control benefits .
Professor Ralph Noble 's latest research appears to add another ecological benefit .
Early results from trials with conifers using compost made from paper waste shows that it is providing much the same disease suppressing effect as green compost made from plant waste .
This provides an obvious additional commercial use for the vast amount of paper waste generated by offices and homes .
Professor Noble said : " During paper recycling production a large proportion of the fibres cannot be recycled .
The useable fibres are taken out to make new newsprint , and the small fibres are no longer usable , they 're a waste by - product .
In Britain , about half a million tonnes of these small , unusable fibres are produced each year .
They have a potential use in growing media because they hold a lot of water , just like peat and , being a waste product , they have no other value .
Obviously materials that are going to replace peat have to be very cheap or waste by - products .
So , paper wastes fit this bill in terms of being cheap and they also hold a lot of water , which is what you need for plant growth " .
The suppression of plant diseases was particularly noticeable when the green and recycled paper composts were added to peat .
Peat is used by many growers as it provides a clean and uniform material that is suitable for plant growth – but its very cleanliness makes the plants growing in it susceptible to quickly spreading plant diseases .
In contrast compost contains a diversity of microbes that can suppress plant diseases .
The ecological benefits of this are obvious : less fungicide has to be applied to plants , less peat is required thus preserving peat bogs , and green waste and paper waste that would otherwise be land - filled is recycled .
Professor Ralph Noble says : " This research shows that the use of such compost could provide clear commercial benefits to growers and ecological benefits for us all .
There should be no additional costs involved but we must still test the reliability of using composts for a wide range of commercial crops .
Those growers who do change from using 100 % peat could literally reap significant rewards "
Source : University of Warwick
a+0 =a , a+b=b+a , a +( b+c ) = ( a+ b ) +
c
a 1=1 , a( bc ) = ( ab )
c
a ( b+c ) = ab+ac and ( a+b ) c = ac+bc .
T -> [ [ T ] ] ( by trivial inclusion of generators )
[ [ [ [ T ] ] ] ] -> [ [ T ] ] ( by above argument )
[ [ [ [ T ] ] ] ] -> [ [ T ] ]
> import Control .
Monad .
List
> flatten x = concatMap ( map concat . sequence ) x
> x = [ [ [ [ 'a ' ] ] , [ [ ' b ' ] ] ] , [ [ [ 'c ' ] ] , [[ 'e ' , 'f ' ] , [' g ' , 'h ' ] ] ] ]
> test1 = flatten x
> x ' = ListT [ [ ListT [ [ 'a ' ] ] , ListT [ [ 'b ' ] ] ] ,
> [ ListT [ [ 'c ' ] ] , ListT [ [ 'e ' , 'f ' ] , [' g ' , 'h ' ] ] ] ]
> test2 = runListT $ join x '
ListT
join
ListT [ ]
flatten
ListT [ ]
ListT [ ]
ListT [ ]
( a+b+a+b ) *( a+b+a+b )
= a*a+a*b+a*a+a*b+…
( a+b ) *( a+b ) +( a+b ) *( a+b ) +( a+b ) *( a+b ) +( a+b ) *( a+b )
= a*a+a*b+b*a+b*b+…
ListT [ ]
> u = ListT [ [ " a " ] , [ " b " ] ]
> v = ListT [ [ u ] , [u ] ]
> w = ListT [ [ v , v ] ]
join
> expanded1 = join $ join w
> go1 = runListT expanded1
> expanded2 = join $ fmap join w
> go2 = runListT expanded2
fmap
go1
go2
expanded1
expanded2
join .
join = join .
fmap join
ListT [ ]
ListT [ ]
[ ]
ListT [ ]
Well I 'm back from my vacation .
But this is n't my personal blog so I think it 's time to dive right in .
Anything to take my mind off these mosquito bites ... So consider the free semiring R generated by some set S .
In other words , S consists of finite sums and products of 0 , 1 and elements of S and where the only simplification rules allowed areFor example , consider a term like ab + c( ef+gh ) .
We can use distributivity to multiply this out to ab+cef+cgh .
There 's not much else we can do to simplify this .
Now notice that if you multiply out all of the brackets wherever you can , ie .
use distributivity until you can no longer , you end up with an expression that is a sum of terms and each term is a product of generators from S. ( The sum of terms may be empty , in which case it 's zero , and each of the terms may be a product of zero generators , in which case it is 1 ) .
This allows us to write elements of R in a canonical form : as a set of terms where each term is an ordered list of generators .
For example , we could write ab+ cef+cgh as { [ a , b ] , [c , e , f ] , [c , g , h ]} .
Notice how the commutativity of addition is represented by the fact that we 're using a set of terms , but each term is a list of generators because we 're making no assumption about the commutativity of multiplication .
In Haskell it 's more convenient to work with lists .
Se we 'll represent our running example as [ [ 'a ' , 'b ' ] , [ 'c ' , 'e ' , 'f ' ] , [ 'c ' , 'g ' , 'h ' ] ] .
So if S is the Haskell type corresponding to our set of generators , then [ [ S ] ] can be thought of as the free semiring generated by elements of S , with the proviso that we consider two elements equal if one can be reordered to the other .
Note that [ ] =0 and [ [ ] ] =
1 . Now suppose that S is itself a free semiring generated by T . Then R = [ [ [ [ T ] ] ] ] , modulo ordering .
If you think about it , there 's a nice way to use the algebraic structure to ' flatten ' an element of [ [ [ [ T ] ] ]] down to an element of [ [ T ] ] .
R is freely generated by elements of S , in other words it consists of sums of products of elements of S .
But the elements of S are themselves sums and products .
So we have sums of products of sums of products .
I emphasised two words in that sentence .
This is because R contains subparts that are products of sums .
If we multiply these out in the usual way , we get sums of sums of products of products .
Group the sums and products together , and we get back to sums of products .
Here 's an example : any element of T trivially gives an element of S .
So if a , b , c,e , f , g and h are all in T , then a , b , c and ef+gh are all in S and hence are generators of R , so ab + c( ef+gh ) is in R. Multiply out and we obviously have the element ab+ cef+cgh of S .
It 's not hard to see how this generalises to map any element of S back down to T .
So we have mapsLook to you like a monad ?
Of course it does ! :-)
But what monad is it ?
First , let 's implement the map .
After tinkering I came up withWe can test it out
It multiplies out exactly the way we want .
Now compare with running this :
In other words , apart from thefluff , foris .
So if we consider lists as a mechanism to represent sets , is revealed as the monad of semirings .
I 'm not sure , but I think that historically this is where monads originally came from .
Certainly there are many papers on the relationship between monads and algebraic structures like semirings .
And now I can answer my original question .
In a semiring , addition is commutative , so the order of terms does n't matter .
But in , we 're using lists , and order does matter in a list .
So if we do take order into account , then reallyis the monad of semirings where both addition and multiplication is non-commutative .
And here 's the problem : in general , there is no such thing as a freely generated semiring with non-commutative addition .
Here 's why : consider the expression ( ( a+b ) +( a+b ) ) *( ( a+b ) +( a+b ) ) .
Multiply out the inner parentheses first and we getNow multiply out the outer parentheses first and we get
The terms are coming out in a different order .
Essentially distributivity does n't work in a semiring with non-commutative addition .
This translates directly into failure of one of the monad laws .
First write our expression as an object of typeu = a +bv = ( a+b ) +( a+b ) w = ( ( a+b ) +( a+b ) ) *(( a+b ) *( a+b ) ) multiplies out parentheses .
So working from the outer parentheses inwards we can use : Working outwards from the inner parentheses we get : ( Note how I useto ' duck down ' through the outer layer of parentheses so as to multiply out each of the subexpressions first . )
Evaluateandand you 'll see that they corresponds to the two ways of multiplying out that I gave above .
And more importantly , the values ofandare n't equal , meaning thatis n't satisfied .
You may recognise this : it 's one of the monad laws .
( At least it 's one of the monad laws written the way category theorists write them . )
So we ain't got no monad .
I think this is now a fairly complete analysis of whatis all about .
So one obvious remaining question is : where do games come into all this ?
The answer is that games form a semiring in a way that I have n't seen documented anywhere ( though is surely common knowledge ) .
I 'd explain but I 've run out of time ... Note that the reasonis n't a monad is thatis n't commutative , in some sense .
This has been observed many times in the past .
Two papers mentioning this are this and this I actually figured out all of this stuff before this .
I realised that the trees I was scribbling on the backs of my envelopes to represent elements of semirings could actually be generalised to just about any kind of tree , so I wrote about the general case first .
I prefer my example offailing to be a monad to the examples given here .
The latter make use of the IO monad so they are n't quite as ' pure ' .
Labels : haskell , mathematics
You do n’t have to be a famous researcher or engineer to come up with the next big invention .
These ten student projects prove just that .
They range from a homemade nuclear reactor to a 300 mph electric vehicle .
Continue reading to see them all .
10 . Spokesless Bicycle
Engineering students at Yale University wanted to build a bicycle unlike any other , so what did they do ?
Go with a single - speed , spokeless design of course .
To be more specific , they “ used two cranks and two bottom brackets in the front to gear up the ratio ; it goes from ( IIRC ) 53 to a 13 , which is connected to the second crank and another 53 which connects to the rear hub . ”
[ Source ]
9. Wireless Automatic Drink Mixer
Making a mimosa ( champagne and orange juice ) just got easier , with this nifty wireless automatic drink mixer , built by University of Washington students .
It features a “ remote touch screen allowing users to pick from preset drinks or customize their own . ”
8. Cell Phone - Controlled Tractor
Two students from India have developed an innovative cell phone - controlled tractor .
Basically , the steering , clutch , and brake were mapped to a handset , allowing you to control the tractor ’s every movement by pressing the appropriate buttons .
7. Robotic Desk Lamp
Built by MIT student Nathan Linder , the LuminAIR is a robotic lamp that essentially “ combines a Pico - projector , camera , and wireless computer in a compact form factor . ”
The LuminAR robotic lamp “ sees ” what you ’re doing through its webcam and augments your actions accordingly .
It displays information , like web pages , videos , and more .
[ Source ]
6. Semi-Automatic NERF Longshot Gun
This awesome semi-automatic NERF Longshot gun was built by engineering student — and TechEBlog reader — Philip H. specifically for his university ’s Humans Vs. Zombies game .
Though it may not be the first ever made , it certainly is one of the best to date .
Its creator “ would classify this as a prototype . ”
[ Source ]
5. Laser Backpack
Students at UC Berkley have built a laser backpack capable of generating instant 3D maps .
The system uses “ a suite of laser scanners and positional sensors that enable it to capture images of building interiors as a fleshy assistant roams their halls . ”
[ Source ]
4. Roller Coaster
This awesome student - built roller coaster just might be one of the craziest homemade contraptions we ’ve seen .
It drops “ its riders vertically , then turn [s ] them face down as they skim 2 feet above the ground , face down and strapped with their backs to the cart . ”
[ Source ]
3. Automatic Dishmaker
Created by MIT student Leonardo Bonanni , this incredible device “ can actually replace cabinets worth of dishes by storing them as flat disks . ”
According to its creator , “ if the Dishmaker ever becomes a reality , you will never have to worry about dishes again ; you just make dishes on demand and try to put all the extra free cabinet space to good use . ”
[ Sources 1 | 2 ]
2. Buckeye Bullet
Built by student engineers at Ohio State University ’s Center for Automotive Research , the all - electric Venturi Buckeye Bullet “ achieved an average speed of 307.7 mph during a two - run pass at the Bonneville Salt Flats on Tuesday . ”
[ Source ]
1. Nuclear Fusion Reactor
Thiago Olson , a high school student , managed to build a fully - functional nuclear fusion reactor in just two years .
Now that ’s a cool gadget not many can make at home .
According to Wired , “ Olson ’s nuclear reactor is pretty bad - ass , producing 200 million - degree plasma at its core – or , as Olson points out , ‘ several times hotter than the core of the sun . ' ”
[ Sources 1 | 2 ]
Honorable Mention – Robotic Drummer
A group of college students ( Matthew Webster , John Vernon , and ShengZhu Wu ) created a robotic drumming system , called Monster , for their final project .
Their system works using general MIDI , allowing connection to MIDI controllers ( keyboards , etc. ) and also sequencer software ( Pro Tools , etc . )
WASHINGTON , April 23 —
In a vivid display of their new power , Democrats across Capitol Hill approved a flurry of subpoenas today to fuel a series of investigations of the Bush administration .
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform issued three subpoenas in quick order .
One was to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to answer questions about the administration ’s prewar claims about Iraq ’s weapons programs and two were to the Republican National Committee and its chairman to be questioned about whether the party ’s e-mail system was used by Bush officials to conceal some of their actions .
The Senate Judiciary Committee authorized but did not issue a subpoena for Sara Taylor , the deputy to Karl Rove , President Bush ’s chief political adviser .
The committee wants to question her about the White House role in the dismissal of eight United States attorneys .
And in what could be a significant development in the investigation of those dismissals , the House Judiciary Committee moved toward granting a form of immunity from prosecution to Monica Goodling who was a senior aide to Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales until her recent resignation .
This graphic illustrates the idea that the black hole at the center of the Milky Way is like an extremely powerful particle accelerator , revving up protons in the surrounding magnetic plasma and slinging them into lower - energy protons with such energy that high - energy gamma rays result from the collision .
The yellow line depicts a high - energy proton flung into a lower - energy proton in the hydrogen gas cloud .
The green arrow represents the high - energy gamma ray that results from the proton collision .
( Art credit : Sarah Ballantyne )
Scientists were startled when they discovered in 2004 that the center of our galaxy is emitting gamma rays with energies in the tens of trillions of electronvolts .
Now astrophysicists at The University of Arizona , Los Alamos National Laboratory and the University of Adelaide ( Australia ) have discovered a mechanism that might produce these high - energy gamma rays .
The black hole at the center of our Milky Way could be working like a cosmic particle accelerator , revving up protons that smash at incredible speeds into lower energy protons and creating high - energy gamma rays , they report .
" It 's similar to the same kind of particle physics experiments that the Large Hadron Collider being built at CERN will perform , " UA astrophysicist David Ballantyne said .
When complete , the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland will be able to accelerate protons to seven trillion electronvolts .
Our galaxy 's black hole whips protons to energies as much as 100 times higher , according to the team 's new study .
That 's all the more impressive because " Our black hole is pretty inactive compared to massive black holes sitting in other galaxies , " Ballantyne noted .
Ballantyne collaborated with UA astrophysics Professor Fulvio Melia in the new study published in Astrophysical Journal Letters .
For the last several years , Melia has been developing a theory of what may be going on very close to the Milky Way 's black hole .
Melia and his group find that powerful , chaotic magnetic fields accelerate protons and other particles near the black hole to extremely high energies .
" Our galaxy 's central supermassive object has been a constant source of surprise ever since it 's discovery some 30 years ago , " Melia said .
" Slowly but surely it has become the best studied and most compelling black hole in the universe .
Now we 're even finding that its apparent quietness over much of the spectrum belies the real power it generates a mere breath above its event horizon --- the point of no return . "
The Milky Way black hole " is one of the most energetic particle accelerators in the galaxy , but it does this by proxy , by cajoling the magnetized plasma haplessly trapped within its clutches into slinging protons to unearthly speeds , " Melia said .
Ballantyne used detailed , realistic maps of interstellar gas extending 10 light years beyond the black hole in modeling whether accelerated protons launched from the galactic center would produce gamma rays .
" We calculated very exactly how the protons would travel in this medium , taking into account specifically the magnetic force that changes the protons ' trajectories , " he said .
The team calculated 222,000 proton trajectories for a statistically solid study .
Even though the protons move close to the speed of light , their motion is so random that it takes several thousand years for the particles to travel beyond 10 light years of the black hole .
After the high - energy protons escape the black hole environment , they fly off into the interstellar medium , where they collide with low - energy protons ( hydrogen gas ) in a smash - up so energetic that particles called ' pions ' form .
These particles of matter quickly decay into high - energy gamma rays that , like other radiation , travel in all directions .
Ballantyne , Melia and and their colleagues found that this process can explain the energy spectrum and brightness of gamma-ray emission that astronomers observe .
Researchers detect the high - energy gamma-ray emission with ground - based telescopes at Namibia , Africa , at Whipple Observatory in southeastern Arizona , and elsewhere .
" Ironically , even though our galaxy 's central black hole does not itself abundantly eject hyper- relativistic plasma into the surrounding medium , this discovery may indirectly explain how the most powerful black holes in the universe , including quasars , produce their enormous jets extending over intergalactic proportions .
The same particle slinging almost certainly occurs in all black - hole systems , though with much greater power earlier in the universe , " Melia said .
Only 31 percent of the 222,000 proton trajectories in their sample produced gamma rays within 10 light years of the black hole , Ballantyne said .
The other 69 percent escape to greater distances , where presumably they , too , will interact in gamma ray - generating collisions .
" Astronomers do , indeed , observe a glow of very - high energy gamma-rays from the inner regions of the galaxy , " Ballantyne said .
" It 's possible that this emission is also caused by protons accelerated close to the central black hole . "
Ballantyne holds UA 's Theoretical Astrophysics Program Prize Postdoctoral Fellowship .
The university 's Theoretical Astrophysics Program , organized in 1985 , is an interdisciplinary program of the UA departments of physics , astronomy and planetary sciences .
Source : University of Arizona
Explore further Squeezed light makes Virgo 's mirrors jitter
キーボードと 鞍
生産性にこだわる職人は、自分の道具を選びます。現代のコンピュータ職人が最も接する道具といえば、キーボードではないでしょうか。今月はハッカーのキーボードへのこだわりについて考察します。
ハッカーのキーボードとして最も有名なものはHappy Hacking Keyboardでしょう。これは国内ハッカーの「はしり」とでも呼ぶべき、東京大学の和田英一名誉教授*の監修で企画された商品であり、「UNIXハッカーのためのキーボード」と高く評価されています。特徴としては、こだわりのキースイッチ、Sun Type3キーボード*互換のキー配列、最小限のキー数*とそれによるサイズの削減などがあります。和田教授のキーボードへのこだわりは、以下のような談話からもうかがえます。
米国西部のカウボーイたちは、馬が死ぬと馬はそこに残していくが、どんなに砂漠を歩こうとも、鞍は自分で担いでいく。馬は消耗品であり、鞍は自分の体に馴染んだインタフェースだからだ。今やPCは消耗品であり、キーボードは大切な、生涯使えるインタフェースであることを忘れてはいけない。
最近では 、PCは数年で性能が陳腐化します。CPUが遅い（遅くなるのはCPUではなくソフトウェアなのですが）、HDDの容量が足りないなどの不満から、どうしても買い替えてしまいます。しかし、手になじむ高品質のキーボードは、PC本体を買い替えても、ずっと使える大事なインタフェースであるというのは分かる気がします。日常接する時間の長いインタフェースであればこそのこだわりであると言えるでしょう。
十人十色
キーボードに対するハッカーのこだわりは、いろいろな形で現れます。知人のPerlハッカーは、アルファベット入力にDvorak配列*を使い、日本語入力にT-Code*を使っています。キーボードやキー配列にこだわる知人は多いですが、DvorakとT-Codeの両方を使っているのは彼だけです。
これまたハッカーとして知られる産業総合研究所の増井俊之さんは、キーボードの配列を変更しているようです。Rubyist Magazine*第5号のインタビューによれば、最近あまり使わなくなったセミコロン（;）をEnterキーと置き換えてしまったのだそうです。
増井 それから、最近気がついたことは、セミコロン打たなくていいですよね、あんまり。キーボード入力してる時、セミコロンって小指にあるじゃないですか。これは非常にいいポジションなんだけど、CとかPerlでは打つけど、Rubyでは打たなくていいですよね。で、使わないキーがこんないいところにあるのはもったいないから、これリターンにしちゃったんですよ。
一同 （爆笑） 増井 だから、わたしの機械は今全部、右手の小指がリターンなんです。すると手を全然動かさなくていけるんですよ。普通の人は、バックスペースで右手を動かすし、リターンでも動かすから、かなり無駄なんですよ。日本語を入力しててもかなり手が動いてるはずです。でも、ここをリターンにしてから、ほとんど手を動かさずに舐めるように入力できるようになりましたよ。
Rubyに合わせてキー配列を変えるというのも、「ブレーキが壊れている」ハッカーらしい態度ですね。このインタビューには、ほかにも増井さんのハッカー的人格の原点がうかがえるエピソード*がたくさん載っていますから必読です。
このページで出てきた専門用語 和田英一名誉教授 和田教授は、パラメトロン計算機の開発 やAlgol Nの設計、また和田研フォントの開発などでも知られている。
http://www.ipsj.or.jp/katsudou/museum/pioneer/e-wada.html
Sun Type3キーボード わたしも学生時代に愛用していた名作。その後、SPARC
Stationに付属していたType4キーボードはガクンと品質が下がっており、がっかりしたことが記憶に残っている。 最小限のキー数 初期 のHappy Hacking Keyboardには、カーソルキーすら存在しなかった。どうしても必要なときには、ファンクションキーと併用することで代用。さすがに「使いにくい」との声が上がったのか、Happy
Hacking Keyboard Lite以降は小さなカーソルキーが追加されている。
Dvorak配列 August Dvorak博士が開発したキーボード配列 。Dvorak Simplified Keyboard（DSK）と呼ばれることもある。これに対して、一般のキーボード配列は上段の並びからQwerty配列と呼ばれる。Dvorak配列は図1のような配列で、母音が左手に集中しているため、学びやすく打ちやすいと言われている。
図 1 Dvorak配列 T - Code 無連想2ストロークによる日本語入力方式。2つのキーの組み合わせに漢字、ひらがな、カタカナが割り当てられていて、それらを直接入力する。変換作業がないため、高速に入力できるが、「覚えていない文字は打てない」のが弱点。ただし、ひらがなさえ覚えていれば変換による入力は可能で、変換した文字のストロークを教えてくれる。
Rubyist Magazine 「 日本Rubyの会」の有志が発行しているWebマガジン。Rubyist Hotlinksという連載では、Rubyに関連する有名人のインタビューを掲載している。
原点がうかがえるようなエピソード わたしが一番印象に残ったのは 、IC チップをつないでマイコンを作った話。1970年代後半にはマイコンキットが（小さな）ブームになったが、それを見て「そんなキットを買ってるやつは『なんと生ぬるいんだ』とか『回路なんかできてるじゃん、面白くないな』とか思ってた。自分で回路を考えて、チップを全部そろえて、配線して、それを制御するプログラムを全部書いて、というのがコンピュータの自作だと思ってた」というのは尋常ではない。
関連キーワード キーボード | ハッカー | Ruby | まつもとゆきひろ | まつもとゆきひろのハッカーズライフ | オープンソース | プログラミン グ
1|2 次のページへ
Copyright © ITmedia , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
March 9 , 2007
" ... the chief end I propose to myself in all my labours is to vex the world rather than divert it . "
- Jonathan Swift
ANOTHER BROWNE BOMB
Go to a specific location on Robert Lancaster ’s powerful “ Stop Sylvia Browne ” site to read the full account of yet another cruel , callous , blunder by Sylvia Browne , who is fast approaching the status of Most Failed Psychic .
It ’s found at tinyurl .com /354pcn , and it will put Browne at the top of her class .
On the March 13th , 2002 , Montel Williams Show , Browne was asked by the daughters of Lynda McClelland about her disappearance , which had been reported to the police on March 27th , 2000 .
Browne assured the inquirers that the woman was alive , that she ’d wandered off after having a nervous breakdown , and she ’d had been taken to Orlando , Florida by a man with the initials " M.J. "
She said that her daughters would find her soon , in a mental asylum in Florida .
No , Sylvia was wrong again .
Very wrong .
This woman had already been murdered the same day she ’d disappeared – more than one year , seven months previously – and she ’d been buried less than two miles from her home in Pennsylvania , almost 1,000 miles away from Orlando .
Neither her murderer , nor the man who buried her , had the initials M.J. – their initials were D.R. and D.W. – and her body was not found for another year after Sylvia announced these revelations .
It would be difficult to find another equally bad example of a divination .
Everything about it was wrong .
Browne brought grief and pain to Lynda ’s family , leading them to expect a good outcome to their problem .
But what totally damns Browne ’s pretensions to psychic power is the fact that David Repasky , the murderer of Lynda McClelland , the mother of these children , was sitting there in the audience right in front of Browne when she came up with this callous declaration on the Montel Williams Show , Browne did n’t even know – or “ sense ” – that fact !
How much evidence has to be presented before this fatuous fraud is finally recognized as such ?
Will Montel Williams insist on continuing to advertise and promote her and make excuses for her bungling ?
HOW WRONG DOES SYLVIA BROWNE HAVE TO BE BEFORE MONTEL WILLIAMS WAKES UP ?
Or is he just plain stupid ?
MORE ON AQUAMANTRA
When I ran the item at www.randi.org/jr/2007-02/021607failure.html#i14, I thought that it was as silly a bit of twaddle as I ’d ever seen .
Now I ’ve heard from Alexandra Teklak , the genius behind this farce , who has invited me to have a “ conversation ” with her .
I declined .
I ’ve no time to exchange the usual “ Just try it and you ’ll be convinced ” nonsense with Alexandra ; she can apply for the JREF prize , just like anyone else .
Now , reader “ Russ ” in Houston , Texas , has provided us with a further insight on just how inane this woman is .
He writes :
I found your comments about Aquamantra interesting .
I have been a fan of your site for a while , and feel somewhat guilty for not participating or subscribing .
So , assuming you will allow me to relay one more bit of trivial and curious information , I 'd like to direct you to the following site : tinyurl.com /2ccgff .
Do a search for “ Teklak . ”
She is the founder of Aquamantra , and revealed an interesting audio interview with her recorded ( according to the site ) on May 5 , 2006 .
I did not go so far as to research the " Dr. " and " RN " degrees from the interviewers , but evidently they are impressed by the " molecular change " and the great taste of the water .
Interestingly , Mrs. Teklak reveals that she was limited by the entertainment industry , moved to Orange County , and started a marketing firm that was partly inspired by " holistic " medicine , " spiritualism , " and " chiropractic . "
She knew she was " destined for something really big " and needed $ 200,000 to finish her new home .
So , after watching Dr. Emoto [ see www.randi.org/jr/052303.html] and the movie that " defines quantum physics " she started up her inspired quest to label water .
Curiously , she experimented with " anger " and " sex " labels , had some label glue problems ( think " I am lucky " ) , but then settled on the " lucky " " loved " and " healthy " labels .
I 'll spare you the full review of her typical New Age rant of " No past , present , future , " " I am in the ‘ I am lucky ’ space , " and blah blah .
I 'm sure you can guess what other movie she mentions ; her latest inspiration – Yes , “ The Secret . ”
Waiting for her next product ?
I 'll leave you some giggle room here : as the interviewers point out during this interview , " If it feels hard , you ’re doing it wrong . "
Repeat , " I am lucky … I am … "
Thank you for the site .
Keep up the quality work .
Alexandra closed her e-mail to me with , “ Enjoy your remarkable life and have a FABULOUS day !
With love and gratitude , Alexandra . ”
Alex , chugalug one of those “ I am inane ” bottles of water , please …
As we submit this SWIFT , we 've received further communication from Alexandra .
We 've now actually accepted her suggestion of a test of her miracle water !
More details to follow next week .
But do n't break out the bunting and confetti just yet ..
NEWS FROM GERMANY
A clairvoyant who made off with a family fortune after promising to rid it of a curse was given a three - year - jail sentence for fraud on Thursday .
A court in the southern German city of Konstanz convicted the 60 - year - old man of cheating a metal worker and his wife out of cash and three luxury cars worth 146,000 euros [ $ 191,000 ] .
The couple had handed over their possessions to the clairvoyant in 2005 for " spiritual cleansing " in the belief the objects were under a curse and the cause of a mystery illness affecting the pair .
The fortune - teller failed to return the valuables as agreed , leaving the couple penniless and forcing them to live on social security , the court heard .
The defendant " shamelessly took advantage of a defenseless couple and ruined an entire family , " the presiding judge said when passing sentence .
The clairvoyant , who was convicted of a similar offence against a widow a decade ago , admitted to defrauding the couple , but said he was unable to pay them restitution .
What really has me wondering about this incident , however , is the closing sentence of the report :
A doctor later found out that the mystery ailment was caused by toxic varnish used in the couple 's home .
Poisonous varnish ?
Were they sniffing it …?
QUAKERS ON THE MOON ?
Reader Shaun Aisbitt from Ireland reports in again after a long illness which he says has left him crippled and has kept him away from the computer screen for a long while :
I read your piece on the Haré Krishnas ( or ISKCON as they sometimes go by ) and the Moon in Swift 23/2/07 .
No wonder they want the Moon landing to be a hoax .
You see , they believe and teach Krishna ( or Krsna ) lives on the Moon now !
So , men landing on the Moon in 1969 and for some reason not meeting Mr. Krishna up there , would show the falseness of their teachings !
My wife was a devotee for three years before she escaped the cult of Krishna , and an alarming story it is , too , involving chases across two countries and people turning up with baseball bats at 3 a .m. to sort her out shortly after her escape .
She told me many of the weird and wonderful teachings of the Haré Krishnas and that one about Krishna living on the Moon came to mind when I read your article .
It 's funny though , as a cult researcher , I found out many years ago that Joseph Smith , founder of the Mormons , believed that men seven feet tall , dressed in Quaker clothes and wearing very high hats , lived on the Moon , and he prophesied that a certain young man named Oliver B. Huntington would be a missionary to the Moon – this was around 1837 .
This false prophecy was reprinted in Oliver B. Huntington 's recollections – in “ The Young Woman 's Journal ” – a Mormon magazine , in 1892 .
They deny it to this day , and certain Mormon Apologists who do venture to mention this to those who have discovered this disturbing bit of false prophecy and who might thereby “ lose faith , ” try to play down or suppress the prophecy and say Mr. Huntington was either misquoted or had “ fanciful ideas . ”
I wonder if the Mormon church did n't try to hide this false prophecy prior to 1969 , and if it was a general teaching instead of a specific prophecy given to a young man , would they join the Haré Krishnas and also be denying the Moon landing today ?
The letter is signed , “ Your Skeptic ( but still a Christian ) fan in Ireland , Shaun Aisbitt . ”
SOMEONE WHO KNOWS
Reader Ray Trinidad , of Tauranga , New Zealand , noticed a letter - to - the - editor in " The Weekend Sun , " a free weekly newspaper distributed there , and thought it was worth sharing with us .
Written by a “ S. Murphy , ” it read :
They helped psychics “ scam the vulnerable and stupid . ”
In response to R & L Lidgard 's letter ( Feb 16 ) speaking in support of psychics and mediums :
Having worked for one of the most renowned psychics , I 'd like to state some facts .
We were expected and pressured to gather information from the audience and pass it on to the medium , prior to performances .
A number of the participating audience were known to the medium 's agent , who had also passed on information on their bereavements , prior to shows .
We all had to sign iron clad confidentiality contracts , stating we would never divulge any of the tricks , scams or techniques this charlatan used , to rip off the vulnerable and stupid .
I challenge the Lidgards to present – and I quote – " evidence from all around the world that clearly prove to us that ghosts and spirits exist . "
In fact , after all this time on the planet , and living in the most technically advanced age , there is no proof , recordings , videos etc .
I look forward to being proven wrong , and seeing their hard evidence and proof ( not just hearsay ) also any proof they may have on alien abductions , pre-lives and the Loch Ness Monster !
We are unfortunately not given the name of this “ renowned psychic , ” but I ’d really like to be able to have a long chat with this Murphy person …
I ’m sure it would be interesting !
HILARIOUS
You just have to go to tinyurl.com / 3xhajn .
The text by itself is funny and pretentious enough , but if you ’re not on the floor laughing by the time you get through the photos of the goofus who offers this material , there ’s no hope for your sense of humor …
TROUBLE SOUTH OF THE BORDER
Reader Eliézer Erosa Rosado is a psychologist working as a full - time professor for the Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico , teaching courses such as Experimental Psychology Lab , Statistics , Data Analysis and Basic Psychological Processes .
He of course has an interest in paranormal claims , and uses them as examples of what is not a scientific approach to a problem or as exercises to design experimental tests or to analyze their results .
He outlines for us the situation in regard to critical thinking – and lack thereof – in Mexico .
As a teacher at the Universidad , I felt it was – perhaps because it was seen as the University of an in - development country , and still far from some world influences – a place ( The Place ? ) where students could get an education in rational thought , becoming critical , analytical , empirically - based , thinking human beings , as many of the valuable professors I had the fortune to meet , were .
Well , there were some rotten apples , and they are rotting the good ones , with a degree of virulence that makes it almost impossible to “ rescue ” some classes , like Experimental Psychology Lab , Statistics and Data Analysis , in the Psychology curriculum .
Not officially , but by personal influence of some teachers , Transpersonal therapies based in mystical and cosmological notions , are now becoming very popular .
We have even received a thesis on the use of the horoscope as a guide to personality characterization , with zodiac - like types like Jovian , Mercurial , lunar ( moonlike ) , Marcial ( like Mars ) , etc .
There is a Dianetics - convinced - and - trained professor , and a " zodiac therapist " who wo n't perform any therapy unless the patient is sign - compatible with her .
Wisely , my friend Professor Félix Ramos suggests that every now and then , logic , experimental psychology and related topics , should be taught , as they may become forbidden in the future .
If I did n’t think it ’s a tragedy I would make jokes about all the stupidity coming from the boards in charge of making , reviewing and updating curricula and accepting courses , and , by the way , making publicity of how modern they themselves are .
However , not all of it is an original lack of brains , but an inherited one , which comes from political and directive instances , and operated for people who feel that ’s part of their jobs .
Two examples :
First : the mission statement for the career of medicine ( www.zaragoza.unam.mx/licenciaturas/mc/index.html) includes : “ ... training physicians with critical and creative thinking ... who possess THE SCIENTIFIC KNOWLEDGE ... " , but , oh my ! , it is supporting the Second National Congress of Traditional Medicine , properly coincident with both the astronomical and civil beginning of Spring , and placed in an auditorium near an archaeological site .
If it were to recognize and collect the traditional empirical knowledge about curative principles from plants and animals , endorse scientific – e.g. biochemical – pharmacology , which gave access to cheaper medicines or remedies in a country that desperately needs granted access to Health Services , perhaps even I would recommended it .
But it is not .
It is a forum to present and mutually applaud each other for their successful clinical – or investigative – works , MOST of them dealing with homeopathy , acupuncture , auriculotherapy , iridology , even palm - reading .
Many even support the magical - phenomenological thought in administering the treatment WITHOUT caring if it ’s a way to boost the placebo effect , or a way for the treatment to get accepted in a cross-cultural environment .
Of course , as cultural and “ recreative ” events , there were ceremonies with traditional Aztec dancers and , as “ Duracell ” humans , a visit , dressed in white , to the archaeological site in order to “ Charge Energy ” at the Spring equinox .
I must say that if human beings get some kind of energy charge , beyond sunburn and isolation , it is at a great expense to the archaeological site : that ’s how they became ruins .
Second : Since about 70 years ago there has been an “ Escuela Superior de Medicina Homeopatica ” –a Homeopathic Medicine Superior School – and a Homeopathic Hospital , both in Mexico City and both supported by the government .
They had more a status of polite acknowledgment of their being , than a definite impact on the education or services provided .
However , two years ago , the Secretaria de Salud – Health Secretary – created an Office called Subdireccion General de Antropologia Medica ( General Suboffice of Medical Anthropology ) , which has a Department of Natural and Alternative Medicines .
Well , they ’ve made their crusade to insert the teaching of these “ medicines , ” on the pretext of the cultural rights of the patient and the multicultural context of the practice of the medicine , not only in the curricula of physicians , but of nurses , and from now on , also of dentists , nutritionists , social workers , and psychologists .
Because of my actual position in my work , I was invited , together with some high representatives from my Faculty , to one meeting for the plan to be presented .
With a total lack of political sense , I was the only one at that very moment , not subscribing to the plan ; the “ doctor ” in charge did n’t or would n’t recognize the false analogy he made when he tried to involve me with the rhetorical question , “ Do you believe in Australia ? ” I was invited to be “ open minded , ” let them “ demonstrate ” the plan , etc .
Most of my partners , outside the building , expressed their doubts , but cleverly , no one said anything at the meeting , and now I ’m paying the price : my desk is filled with articles , references , internet addresses , of every sort of medicine - like notion .
Right now I have two more appointments for me to have a new conversation , get convinced and accept from the Psychology staff in my Faculty , their subjects in the curricula .
I feel like those visits by Jehovah ’s Witnesses , leaving The Watchtower with 20 books .
Paradoxically , the Representatives Chamber just gave the Secretaria de Salud jurisdictional power to qualify media - offered products that are announced as medical drugs or as having therapeutic effects .
Maybe that ’s a conflict of interest .
In both of the prior cases , there are two factors that keep them more important than the contribution or conceptual value of contents of the workshops , courses or whatever : 1 . There are immediate benefits , economical , material and in the way of social image , which are urged to be accepted by the Secretaries or principal .
2 . There is apparently no skeptical critical mass to counterbalance these or any other stuff of this kind , in part because of political and public relations , hierarchical pressures and because people feel they would risk their jobs , prestige , or social acceptance .
To end , a pair of comments about the role and defense of the skeptic :
Some years ago , I agreed to hold a debate in which my arguments touched sensitive fibers and were n’t liked by most of the assistants or the judge – and I was almost sure to lose because of this , not for weakness of reasoning – Dr. Arturo Aguilar nicknamed me " The Cain 's Defense Attorney . "
Well , I think that is very precisely the job that the critical thinker does .
Pointing out that very clever people like Ph.D's and Nobel laureates endorse some paranormal , UFO , etc. claims , in Mexico we have a saying that 's the equivalent to the University of Salamanca dictum : " Lo que Natura non da , Salamanca non presta , " ( " What is not given by Nature , [ The University of ] Salamanca does n’t lend " ] which you may already know .
Of course , the Mexican saying is more “ picante ” – hot – and certainly may offend sensibilities , and perhaps it could be improper to publish , but indeed applies to morons with a graduate gown : “ Lo doctor no quita lo pendejo ” : “ A doctors degree does n’t makes less of an ass . ”
We have to congratulate Professor Rosado for standing up to the pressures brought against him , and for articulating his feelings on these matters .
This is critical thinking and rationality at its finest , and he has our firm support for his actions .
History will remember his stance …
HE’S BAAAACK …!
Back in September , 2005 , at www.randi.org/jr/200509/092305northern.html#1, I did a SWIFT item on a former Canadian defense minister , Paul Hellyer .
You may want to go to that before reading on .
Now , this nut - case is demanding that governments worldwide disclose “ secret alien technologies ” that he ’s sure they obtained in UFO crashes , and that they apply those secrets to stop climate change , eliminate the burning of fossil fuels , and thus save Earth .
Hellyer – whose total conviction that extraterrestrials have visited us , is unshakable – reasons (? ) that alien spacecraft , having traveled vast distances to reach Earth , must have very advanced propulsion systems , and / or use exceptional fuels .
He persists in citing the long - discredited 1947 “ incident ” in Roswell , New Mexico , as one example of alien contact .
At least he ’s a former minister …
AND IN NORWAY
Norwegian reader Paul Eid comments :
Being an all - time skeptic , " faithful " debunker of things strange and odd , I happened to come upon a little tidbit in one of our most - read newspapers in Norway .
It 's about giving homeopathic medicine to an infant if he / she has colic .
I 'll translate it and show you how strange the treatment method is :
Homeopathy .
Many juvenile colic patients receive homeopathic medicine .
This medicine is individually made for each individual infant to treat their symptoms .
Homeopathic medicine treats colic and is without side - effects .
The treatment may last from 1 day to 3 weeks .
Since babies have n't developed any suggestive abilities yet , the treatment takes from 1 day to 3 weeks …!
I would never give homeopathic medicines to my children , but a million others would give these sugar - pills to their infant .
And give the homeopath a $ 40 fee .
Hopefully you will find this little tidbit funny .
I will try to send more of this , since the Norwegian media is relentless when it comes to unexplainable things and new - age nonsense .
Equal parts of humor and dismay , Paul .
Again , children are subjects of medical quackery , animals toyed with to satisfy the notions of the naïve … .
I WANT ONE
Reader and good friend Scot Morris tells us ….
Sister Laurie just sent me a bumper sticker that reads :
Jesus loves you .
But I 'm his favorite .
IN CLOSING …
As you read this , I ’ll be in Monterey , California , speaking at TED ( www.ted.com) – see http://tinyurl.com/yq96p5 – and it ’ll be up on their video site very soon afterwards .
I ’m honored and privileged to be a TED speaker …
On April 16 , 1861 the United States began a civil war that would have the country torn apart and , during the next four years , claim the lives of one - half million soldiers .
For a noble cause we 'd like to believe .
On that same day , seven - score and six years later , shock and incredulity covers the nation as a mentally - disturbed student mows down , without pity or external evidence of rage , the lives of thirty - two individuals at a college campus , most of them about his age - this time , a tragedy of ignoble purpose .
And barely twenty - four hours later , here we are at the campus of Virginia Tech in a ceremony transmitted for all the nation to see ; a formal invocation taking us from shock to mourning ; a ceremony of bereavement , marred in part , I am compelled to add , by the high profile presence of too many politicians . of both denominations .
All of a sudden , as if by magic , mass killings become " real " although we have had four years of horrible events of this magnitude , some much worse , occurring daily just seven or eight hours of sun east of this plateau by the Blue Ridge Mountains , and its bucolic setting .
Darfur and Iraq continue to be far away , but somehow their reality , at least to some people , does seem now closer .
and definitely far more real .
Shock from death .
and shock from fear !
Baghdad has been experiencing such horror on daily basis for well over 1000 days .
But that has been for us , in these United States , a subject of limited political discourse and little else .
But then , Blacksburg 's academic enclave receives its very own bloodbath .
For Baghdad 's neighborhoods , it 's been one suicide bomber at a time ; for the people cut down at Virginia Tech , including the perpetrator of the crimes , death was not met by way of bombs but , instead , one bullet at a time .
But regardless of method or circumstance , fate made Baghdad and Blacksburg sister - cities in suffering and pain , if just for a day .
And one can hear the anguish , and sense the helplessness , as people in both communities ask why .
why us ?!
There seems to be an order of priority in how we value human life , one we prefer to keep silent about .
On this day following the massacre at Virginia Tech , one can say that much of the nation is in mourning for the victims , including relatives and friends .
At the same time , those American soldiers who reportedly lost their lives in Iraq that same day , all seven of them , for them most Americans probably offered just a cursory thought as their number is casually added to the now approaching 3,500 military death tally in Iraq ; and as for the daily - hundred Iraqis killed , many of them children , their demise has become only a passing concern , and a continuing denial of responsibility .
Perhaps this indifference and cold - heartedness are ingrained in mankind for its survival , but I prefer to think not , holding apathy and amoral leadership as the mixture that dehumanizes us .
It is at times like these that we come to realize that America must liberate itself from the many demons that we refuse to have exorcised .
The demon of a truly unflinching and righteous sense of world dominance as exemplified by a foreign policy that make us at the very least complicit to the massacres that take place daily in Baghdad and other points of Iraq .
The demon of our purported addiction to firearms , and a deranged national policy on this issue politically and patriotically sanitized by an NRA ( National Rifle Association ) lobby dispensing an idiotic rationale that " it is people who kill people , not guns . "
But as we saw at Virginia Tech , the issue is far more complex than that .
Perhaps the most important demon to surface during this tragedy at Hokieland is our lack in this great wealthy nation of ours of a strong and deep social safety net .
If for no other reason than our great diversity , and all the demands that entails , ours should be the greatest social safety net on this earth .
Instead , ours probably ranks among the weakest in the so - called group of industrialized , first world nations .
We have become a disengaged society where we resent people because they are poor , and unable to pull themselves out of poverty by their own bootstraps .
We also seem to resent the mentally - ill , affording them hardly any counsel and extending their psychiatric help to just a few precious minutes that would allow a physician to prescribe the proper pills .
Millions of people with mental - health problems roam society as time - bombs ready to explode , hurting themselves and possibly others - many of them homeless .
Among the pictures that accompany a tragedy , such as the one in Blacksburg , there 's always at least one that we must archive in our memory .
Mine appeared this time on a television screen as a Korean - American older gentleman , Lim I believe by name , was overran by emotion as he took upon himself an act of apology on behalf of an entire ethnic group .
a group that has done this nation proud , just like so many others .
No , Mr. Lim , you need not apologize for the acts of a mentally - disturbed young man who came to America from Korea when only eight , and was raised in a society that for whatever reason (s ) was unable to provide him with the help he needed .
We in America failed this young man , just as we fail million - others crying for help .
We need to exorcise our demons and in the process prevent tragedy , be in Blacksburg , or in Baghdad or in the most recondite places of our minds and our hearts .
by Ben Tanosborn [ send him email ] , who writes a weekly socio-political column , Behind the mirror , which can be found at www.tanosborn.com and www.populistamerica.com.
After a few years in the workforce we may find ourselves with a little extra cash .
Maybe it's a delightfully large tax refund or an apartment deposit you finally got back , but it 's the first significant sum of money you 've had that does n't need to be spent paying back loans or furnishing an empty apartment .
For the first time , you want to save or invest that money , instead of spoiling yourself with a spray - on - tan .
I spoke with five financial advisers about what a young investor should do with a small windfall : $ 2,500 .
I created a profile of a twentysomething novice investor who does n't have debts and is diligently paying into a 401 ( k ) .
Investor X does n't necessarily want to lock up this money until retirement .
He or she may want to buy a house , fund a year off or have something socked away in case of a car crash or other emergency .
After each planner made a recommendation , I asked for numbers on the performance of their picks from the beginning of 2002 until this May .
( See chart . )
Set up a Roth IRA
Charles Buck , a financial planner in Woodbury , Minn. , recommends that you set up a Roth IRA , as he did for his 27 - year - old son .
The nifty thing about the Roth is that we do n't have to pay taxes when we finally withdraw the money after age 59 ½.
We do n't get a tax refund now on our contributions , but it 's likely that we 'll enter a higher tax bracket by retirement and will thus save the difference in taxes .
In special cases , like when buying a home for the first time , all of the money in a Roth IRA can be tapped pre-retirement without penalties .
We can also withdraw our contributions -- but not returns -- early without penalties .
Keep in mind
Roths are only for singles who make less than $ 110 k or marrieds who make less than $ 160 k .
Mr. Buck advises that the twentysomething investor 's Roth IRA include shares in a diversified mutual fund targeted for retirement withdrawal in 2045 .
" Target - date funds are good for young people , " he says : " Pick a fund , forget about it and it takes care of itself . "
Mr. Buck 's fund pick is the T. Rowe Price Retirement 2045 Fund .
It charges a fee of 0.76 % .
T. Rowe Price has reported returns of 17.01 % from the fund 's inception on May 31 , 2005 to April 30 , 2007 .
Buried at the bottom of this story on the Fox News debate mess is this fascinating account of the effect local grassroots had on getting the debate cancelled :
David Lublin , an American University political scientist , said the debate about the debate was about more than just Fox :
It was another way to fire up the local grass roots .
“ Bloggers are huge believers in listening to local people , ” Lublin said , “ It ’s fairly unusual for local people to say , ‘ Do not hold a presidential debate in our arena , ’ ” he said , referring to the Carson City Democratic Central Committee , which voted overwhelmingly to condemn the Fox debate .
Chris Wicker , chairman of the Washoe County Democratic Party , said that while Nevada county chairmen viewed the debate as an opportunity , local rank - and - file Democrats disagreed — vigorously .
Wicker said he was inundated from the outset with e-mails critical of the partnership .
“ People wanted to know why we would play ball with Fox and give them this varnish of legitimacy , ” he said .
“ And they were n’t just the activists . ”
The opposition included longtime precinct captains and party volunteers who threatened to step down from their posts and withdraw their support for the county party , Wicker said .
If true , then online liberals have successfully gotten the message out to party regulars : Politics is n’t just about beating Republicans — it ’s about beating their messengers , too .
I 've said a million times that I 'm not a blog triumphalist .
It 's just a medium to educate and organize progressive activists .
The real work is done on the ground .
That 's why the conservative blogosphere is considered a joke by the Republican establishment -- they 're all talk , no action .
They have their uses , of course , but ultimately , they bring nothing to the table not already offered by Fox News or Rush Limbaugh .
On our own , bloggers can do little .
But by educating and motivating grassroots activists , we can truly help effect change .
The real change is on the ground -- the heroes of this battle were those Democrats busting their ass for their party -- the precinct captains and party volunteers .
Not only are they giving their all to build their local party , but they are now savvy enough to use the influence their efforts have earned to pull their clueless leadership in the right direction .
This is what the netroots is all about -- educating , motivating , and inspiring people to turn off their computers and become grassroots activists .
The more of us do that , the bigger our influence in this process will be .
A Relational View of the Semantic Web
March 14 , 2007
Andrew Newman
As people are increasingly coming to believe , Web 2.0 and the Semantic Web have a lot in common : both are concerned with allowing communities to share and reuse data .
In this way , the Semantic Web and Web 2.0 can both be seen as attempts at providing data integration and presenting a web of data or information space .
As Tim Berners - Lee wrote in Weaving the Web [ 1 ] :
If HTML and the Web made all the online documents look like one huge book , RDF , schema and inference languages will make all the data in the world look like one huge database .
RDF is at the core of W3 C's Semantic Web architectural layers .
It is the standard specifically designed to provide a way to produce and consume data on the Web .
It sits on top of standards such as XML , URIs , and Unicode and is used as a basis for schemas and ontologies .
It consists of a set of statements that are composed of a subject , predicate , and object that form propositions of fact [ 7 ] .
How are queries performed on this " one huge database " ?
Up until recently , manipulating or retrieving RDF data has been done through vendor specific query languages or imperatively through APIs in languages such as Java , PHP , and Ruby .
The W3C 's proposed standard , SPARQL , is set to provide a declarative language to query and manipulate Semantic Web data [ 8 ] .
SPARQL consists of operations that are reasonably similar to those found in existing and mature technologies such SQL or relational algebra including : join , union , left outer join ( SPARQL's OPTIONAL ) , and comparison operators ( SPARQL's FILTER ) such as equal to , less than , greater than , etc . [ 8 ]
The current suite of existing technologies , such as SQL and the relational model , were devised without the specific requirements of disparate , uncontrolled , large - scale integration .
It is unclear whether they are flexible enough to adapt to these new set of requirements in order to enable this idea of a global database .
Advantages of Loose Structure
Before attempting to defined SPARQL and RDF in relational terms it 's useful to explore some of the reasons why you would store data in this manner .
One of the difficulties in creating this shared information space is to agree on a schema for the data .
Traditional databases require an agreement on a schema , which must be made before data can be stored and queried .
One of the great strengths of the RDF model is that it allows data to be stored and queried without first requiring a schema .
This decoupling of schema and data also allows the schema to change independently of the data without requiring any existing data to be thrown away or padded with NULLs .
It also allows a schema to be automatically generated by looking at relationships between imported instance data .
RDF also allows database design and management to be much more agile , similar to agile software development , where a schema can be designed incrementally , after the data has been collected , and it evolve over time as new requirements are encountered .
It allows data that is structured slightly differently to be stored together in the lowest common denominator of an RDF statement ( subject , predicate , and object ) .
It eliminates the decision to weigh good design against performance in order to store data that might be slightly different in structure .
For example , it allows suppliers without cities and names to be stored along alongside suppliers with that information .
This lack of padding ( not needing NULLs ) removes one of the most debated topics in SQL and the relational model ’s use of it ( see " Much Ado About Nothing " [ 5 ] ) .
The argument has generally revolved around the possibly confusing uses of NULLs and what a NULL value actually means .
This becomes especially important when one of the main tasks of the Semantic Web is to integrate data from many different sources .
A NULL value can mean different things from different data sources and may have been produced as a result of different types of queries from different database implementations .
This lack of context , which is often lost in traditional databases too , means it becomes prohibitively costly and difficult to retain the specific meaning of NULL values from the wide variety of sources available on the Semantic Web .
Removing the use of NULLs also has a positive impact when you consider the inconsistent handling that occurs across various SQL database implementations .
It can also simplify aggregate functions where a NULL value is considered when counting rows but not when performing other operations such as averaging values .
RDF Using the Relational Model
An RDF statement or proposition seems fairly abstract but it is actually familiar to most developers in the form of database management systems ( DBMS ) and the most popular relational language SQL .
These databases provide a way to represent statements of facts or propositions and to ask questions ( queries ) as to whether a given proposition is true or not .
For the purposes of storing propositions and answering queries its possible to represent RDF in an SQL or relational database and vice versa .
The advantage in storing RDF using these previous models is to allow previous work done such as formalizing query operations and query optimization to be applied to SPARQL .
It should be made clear that the work conducted here does not concern itself with specific ways of storing RDF but merely using previous models as examples of what can be applied to RDF .
There are many different approaches to creating efficient RDF stores including more efficient table structures , manipulating RDF data so that it can be stored more efficiently , and creating databases ( not based on SQL ) specifically designed to efficiently store RDF ( which is narrow , regular , and requires many joins ) .
In order to describe a relational model of RDF a familiar example is used throughout : the supplier and parts tables as used by C.J Date [ 4 ] .
Table 1 shows a typical set of data from the supplier table .
It consists of a table heading , where the columns ( or attributes ) consist of a name and type , and a body that consists of rows with values for each of these columns .
The first row of the body in Table 1 is a proposition that represents , " A supplier ' S1 ' , has a name called ' Smith ' , a status of ' 20 ' and a city of ' London ' " .
SNO sno SNAME name STATUS integer CITY char S1 " Smith " 20 " London " S2 " Jones " 10 " Paris " S3 " Blake " 30 " Paris "
Table 1 . Example of a Supplier Table
Figure 1 shows the mapping of this data ( containing the same propositions ) represented as an RDF graph .
This representation takes the table headings ( columns ) as arrows to connect the values and their data types to an identifier ( " _1 " , " _2 " , " _3 " ) .
These are RDF identifiers , called blank nodes , which are a placeholder for the other properties and values to be associated to one another , similar to a table row .
The blank nodes represent the existence of a supplier but do not describe any properties of the supplier .
Figure 1 . Example of a Supplier Graph
An alternative mapping could take a primary key ( SNO is a likely candidate ) as being the center of all the values .
However , this limits the possibility of representing suppliers without a known supplier number or duplicate rows ( ones that typically occur in SQL tables that do n't have uniqueness constraints applied ) .
Representing a supplier without a required attribute may not seem initially sensible for those used to creating data models in closed environments .
However , on the Web or any large distributed system , agreement of what is a required attribute may not be able to be reached ahead of time or perhaps an authority required to create unique identifiers may not be reachable at the time the data is stored .
Similarly , detecting duplicates is something that may have to occur after the data is recorded .
This choice between a blank node or unique identifier is similar to the surrogate vs. natural key in relational databases .
The difference is that blank nodes cannot be searched on by value in the same way a numeric surrogate key can .
The advantage is that blank nodes can be created locally and distributed globally without requiring an authority to generate them .
An RDF graph is a lot less structured than the given typical relational table , but it still has a fixed structure of the RDF statement ( subject , predicate , and object ) .
Because this structure is fixed , it 's therefore possible to represent it relationally .
This is given in Table 2 using the data represented in Table 1 and Figure 1 .
s1 subject p1 predicate o1 Object _ 1 # sno " S1 " ^^#sno _1 # sname " Smith " ^^#name _1 #status " 20 " ^^#integer _ 1 # city " London " ^^#char _ 2 # sno " S2 " ^^#sno _ 2 # sname " Jones " ^^#name _2 #status " 10 " ^^#integer _ 2 # city " Paris " ^^#char _3 # sno " S3 " ^^#sno _3 # sname " Jones " ^^name _3 #status " 30 " ^^#integer _3 # city " Paris " ^^#char
Table 2 . The Supplier Data as RDF Triples in a Relation
The types of the columns are RDF 's node types : subject , predicate , and object and are named " s1 " , " p1 " , and " o1 " respectively .
An RDF subject can be a blank node or URI , a predicate a URI and an object can be an URI , blank node , or literal .
The use of hashes ( " # " ) is merely a convention used to represent URIs with a namespace that is unimportant and literal values are composed of a value and a datatype ( which are also URIs ) that is preceded by two carets ( " ^^ " ) .
So the literals " Smith " and " 20 " are of type " name " and " integer " respectively .
This view of RDF as a relational structure is not that unique and was described in the early stages of RDF 's development by Tim Berners - Lee [ 2 ] .
RDF without NULL
RDF does not have the concept of a NULL value .
Similarly , the relational model as defined by Date dismisses the need for a NULL value too .
RDF can be stored using this version of the relational model and hence NULL values can be avoided .
This is best demonstrated by looking at the data from Table 2 and considering what if supplier S2 and S3 did n't have a status and S3 also lacked a city .
What would a flexible view be of the data look like if you did n't need to worry about agreeing on one table structure and did n't use NULLs ?
Tables 3 , 4 , and 5 shows three relations each with a different number of columns ( different types ) and Table 6 shows the merging of these relations into one , as an untyped relation .
An untyped relation is a relation that contains a set of tuples that can contain a subset of values bound to the heading 's attributes .
To return the untyped relation to a typed relation a simple project on the required columns can be performed .
There are no NULLs -- there are tuples that contain sets of values that are unbound or do n't return a value for the given column ( attribute ) .
SNO sno SNAME Name STATUS Integer CITY char S1 " Smith " 20 " London "
Table 3 . Suppliers with a name , status and city .
SNO sno SNAME name STATUS integer S1 " Smith " 20 S2 " Jones " 10
Table 4 . Suppliers with a name and status .
SNO sno SNAME name S1 " Smith " S2 " Jones " S3 " Blake "
Table 5 . Suppliers with a name .
SNO sno SNAME name STATUS integer CITY char S1 " Smith " 20 " London " S2 " Jones " 10 S3 " Blake "
Table 6 . Example of a Supplier Table
As shown in Tables 3 - 6 relations of different types can be represented by a single untyped relation .
While this may seem like a shift away from the traditional relational approach it is actually just a convenient way of representing relations of different types in one data structure .
This is especially useful when relations of different types are expected to occur frequently when integrating data from different sources such as those found in the Semantic Web .
The traditional approach to relations and relational algebra can still be used but it requires many equally typed relations to be used both as input to operations and as their outputs .
The use of untyped relations reduces the total number of relations to be handled and with the use of modified relational operations allows processing to be performed once over these untyped relations .
For example , the supplier table given in Table 6 when joined with a parts table would require three operations and results .
In an untyped system , only a single operation is performed producing a single untyped relation .
Relational SPARQL Operations
Given that RDF can be represented using a flexible , untyped relational model what modifications to relational operations are needed and how do they relate to SPARQL operations ?
A subset of SPARQL operations will be covered including : JOIN ( " . " ) , UNION , and OPTIONAL and a modified relational algebra will be given to support these operations .
The first modification required , one suggested by Richard Cyganiak [ 3 ] , is an untyped join ( SPARQL's JOIN ) .
An untyped join allows tuples in relations to be successfully joined except if a value in one relation conflicts with the value in the other .
If a value is unbound in one tuple but is bound in another then the bound value is added to the result tuple .
A formal definition of an untyped JOIN ( based on Date 's definition of Join [ 4 ] ) :
Let r and s have attributes X1,X2 , ... , Xm , Y1 , Y2 , ... , Yn , Z1 , Z2 , ... , Zp .
Where Y's are the common attributes , X's are other attributes of r and Z's are the other attributes of s .
The untyped JOIN of r and s is a relation t with a heading that is the set theoretic union of the headings r and s {X , Y , Z} and a body that consists of the set of all tuples { X x , Y y , Z z} such that a tuple appears in r with X value x or no value for X and Y value y and a tuple appears in s with Y value y and Z value z or no value for Z. Y values for r and s may both be unbound or either maybe unbound - this does not lead to a successful join .
A successful join occurs if at least one Y value y for r and s are equal and are not unbound .
This is different to SQL and some definitions of relational algebra where NULL values ( NULL being considered equivalent to an unbound value ) cause join failure .
This behavior of joining shared attributes in r and s is shown in Table 7 .
An example of an untyped join of relation r ( Table 8 ) and relation s ( Table 9 ) is shown in Table 10 .
Values of Shared Attributes Typed Join Untyped Join r{Y = y} , s{Y = y} Joined Joined r{Y = y} , s{Y = x} Rejected Rejected r{Y = {}} , s{Y = y} Rejected Y = y if Joined r{Y = y} , s{Y = {}} Rejected Y = y if Joined r{Y = {}} , s{Y = {}} Rejected Y = {} if Joined
Table 7 . Results of a Shared Attribute ( Y ) of Two Relations r and s
SNO sno SNAME Name S1 " Smith " S2 " Jones " S3 " Blake "
Table 8 . Relation r
SNO sno SNAME name STATUS integer CITY char S1 " Smith " 20 " London " S2 " Jones " 10 S3 " George "
Table 9 . Relation s
SNO sno SNAME name STATUS integer CITY char S1 " Smith " 20 " London " S2 " Jones " 10
Table 10 .
Result of Untyped Join of r and s
The second untyped operation takes the proposal by César Galindo - Legaria [ 6 ] for an outer union operator and its use in the definition of left outer join ( which is analogous to SPARQL's UNION and OPTIONAL respectively ) .
OUTER UNION provides the same semantics as SPARQL's UNION operation while being formally defined and grounded in the relational model .
Furthermore , SPARQL's OPTIONAL operation can be composed of outer union and set difference , project , and untyped join .
A formal definition of OUTER UNION :
The outer union of relations r and s is the set theoretic union of the headings of r and s with a body consisting of all tuples t such that t appears in r or s or both .
It does not require that r and s have the same attributes ( types ) as specified by the regular relational union .
Table 11 shows the result of performing an outer union of relations r and s from Tables 8 and 9 .
SNO sno SNAME name STATUS integer CITY char S1 " Smith " 20 " London " S2 " Jones " 10 S3 " Blake " S1 " Smith " S2 " Jones " S3 " George "
Table 11 .
Result of Outer Union of r and s
A formal definition of LEFT OUTER JOIN :
The left outer join of relations r and s is the outer union of the join of r and s and the antijoin of r and s .
Or formally :
R1 R2 := ( R1 R2 ) ( R1 R2 ) .
Antijoin is composed of difference and semijoin .
Semijoin is composed of join and project .
The fully expanded version can therefore be expressed as :
R1 R2 := ( R1 R2 ) ( R1 − ( π( R1 ) ( R1 R2 ) ) )
Where : " − " denotes difference and " π " denotes project .
The use of antijoin is significant from the point of view of distributing the queries efficiently across multiple sites , something that is important in SPARQL implementations .
The difference and project operations are the standard relational versions .
Table 12 displays the results of performing a left outer join with relations r and s from Tables 8 and 9 .
Left outer join is order dependent , if the left outer join of s and r are performed the result the last relation will have the name " George " not " Blake " .
SNO sno SNAME name STATUS integer CITY char S1 " Smith " 20 " London " S2 " Jones " 10 S3 " Blake "
Table 12 .
Result of Left Outer Join of r and s
Another operation defined by Galindo - Lagaria is the minimum union operator ( ⊕ ) , which has the same effect as performing outer union with the results of the antijoin of r and s .
A formal definition of MINIMUM UNION :
The minimum union of relations r and s is the outer union of r and s followed by removing subsumed tuples .
Tuple subsumption is defined as t 1 subsumes t 2 if t 1 has more values that are bound than t 2 and that the values in t 2 that are bound are equal to t 1 .
The removal of subsumed tuples in R is denoted as R ￬ .
Table 13 shows the result of minimum union performed of relations r and s from Tables 8 and 9 .
SNO sno SNAME name STATUS integer CITY char S1 " Smith " 20 " London " S2 " Jones " 10 S3 " Blake " S3 " George "
Table 13 .
Result of Minimum Union of r and s
Another definition of LEFT OUTER JOIN can then be given using minimum union :
R1 R2 := R1 R2 ⊕ R1
The result returns the same results as given in Table 12 and has the advantage over the previous definition in that it requires fewer operations .
Bagging SPARQL
The use of the relational model to query RDF provides lessons that have yet to be applied to the design of SPARQL .
One of the main criticisms that can be leveled at SPARQL is its use of multisets ( bags ) – SPARQL has a DISTINCT operator that removes duplicates .
RDF is set based .
It is often seen as a good property of query languages to retain the same data model , to be consistent , this increases the easy of use and the ease of implementation .
In SQL , one of the uses of duplicates is to provide a way to perform aggregate functions .
That is , being able to ask questions such as : " What is the sum of all salaries ? " ( using " SELECT SUM ( salaries ) … " ) .
This query is typically performed on a table representing employees and their salaries within an organization 's database .
Using set - based semantics the same query only returns the distinct salary values to be totaled , not all of them .
To get this query to work using a set - based query language a distinct entity , such as an employee , is required in combination with their salary in order to get the desired result .
The use of a set - based language requires that the results be paired with their relevant contextual information such as the combination of employee , salary and organization .
This contextual information becomes vital when the query is performed on the larger web of data .
Asking the entire web for the sum of salaries is unlikely to return the results required .
The query has to include this contextual information so that salaries , for employees , employed by a specific organization or other group is retained .
These are the parts of the query that are usually implicit locally which will need to be made explicit globally .
Using consistent set - based semantics will retain this context and allow a query to return results correctly irrespective of what it is being queried against .
Another issue is one of answer closure .
Closure allows the outputs of a function to be used as the inputs to the next .
Currently , the results of a SPARQL SELECT query cannot be used as input for further querying .
While SPARQL provides a CONSTRUCT query to return an RDF graph it is a new graph ( new blank nodes are generated , for example ) and is not restricted to only returning statements from the original .
When querying a web of data it is useful to be able to feed the result of one query into another with each query being re-executed as needed .
Ideally , the assignment of a variable to the result of a SPARQL SELECT query could be used within the SPARQL query language much like Date 's relvar [ 4 ] .
This provides a way to build up more powerful queries based on others and is another way to dynamically provide context that subsequent queries can be performed against .
Conclusion
One of the goals of the Semantic Web is to be able to achieve querying of disparate data sources across the web .
The proposed standard for querying the Semantic Web , SPARQL , can be seen as an extension of an existing formalization , the relational model .
The use of the relational model provides a way to use previous work in query distribution , optimization , and formulation .
The standard relational model is not sufficient , however , and must be extended to support untyped relations and operations in order to integrate these data sources .
Bibliography
[ 1 ] T. Berners - Lee , Weaving the Web , Orion Publishing Group , Ltd , London , United Kingdom , 1999 , pp 201 .
[ 2 ] T. Berners - Lee , Relational Databases on the Semantic Web , 1998 ; http://www.w3.org/DesignIssues/RDB-RDF.html
[ 3 ] R. Cyganiak , A Relational Algebra for SPARQL , Digital Media Systems Laboratory , HP Laboratories Bristol , Tech .
Rep , HP Laboratories Bristol , Tech .
Rep , 2005 ; http://www.hpl.hp.com/techreports/2005/HPL-2005-170.html
[ 4 ] C. J. Date , Database in Depth , Relational Theory for Practitioners , O'Reilly Media , Inc , Sebastopol , California , 2005 , pp. 11 , 17- 20 , 86-93 .
[ 5 ] C. J. Date , Relational Database Writing 1991 - 1994 , Addison Wesley Publishing Company , Inc , Reading , MA , 1995 , pp. 341-362 .
[ 6 ] C. Galindo - Legarai , " Outerjoins as Disjunctions , " Proceedings of the 1994 ACM - SIGMOD Int.
Conference on Management of Data , 1994 , pp. 348-358 .
[ 7 ]
P. Hayes , RDF Semantics , World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) Recommendation , 2004 ; http://www.w3.org/TR/rdf-mt/
[ 8 ] E. Prud'hommeaux , and A. Seaborne , SPARQL Query Language for RDF , World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) Candidate Recommendation , 2006 ; http://www.w3.org/TR/2006/CR-rdf-sparql-query-20060406/
QR Code Link to This Post
I was the man who robbed you in return .
Did you honestly expect me to just hand over my wallet to you ?
I ’m a foot taller than you .
Did you honestly expect me to be scared of your kitchen knife ?
I love how you peed yourself when I opened my trunk and cocked a shotgun in your face .
Did you honestly expect me to let you call my girlfriend a whore ?
I used the money from your wallet to buy her some New Years lingerie .
I threw your clothes in the dumpster behind Best Buy , across from the theatres .
Are you still tied with jumper cables to the handicapped sign pole ?
I hope not .
Thank you for the use of your credit card .
You can get away with not showing identification at Safeway , Chevron , and many other places .
You just saved me a fortune on alcohol for New Years , groceries for two weeks at least , and I also got a full take of gas .
I also bought myself some New Year ’s cologne from the mall , ate a sensible lunch at Subway , and my girlfriend wanted some shoes at Saks Fifth Avenue ; and I renewed both our gym passes .
Then , it was maxed out , and I was sad .
I think it was the shoes that did that .
Sorry .
I sold your gold jewelry to a pawn store in Tempe , one plaza down from the 99 cent store .
Same for your diamond ( and it was real , to think I doubted you ) stud earring .
I stuffed the money from those items in the crippled children ’s jar at 7/11 .
I think your knife might be in the street still , or the parking lot where you tried to rob me .
So , Mr. Robber , the next time you try to mug a 6 ’8 , 230 pound , man who grew up middle class white trash , please , think twice .
My kind , does n’t like your kind .
In fact we hate everything about you .
Your Friend , The man who robbed a robber .
Perhaps the most fascinating thing about North Korea conducting what U.S. intelligence now believes , on the basis of radiation sampling , was an actual nuclear test , is how little it substantively changes the strategic equation in northern Asia .
North Korea is still an isolated regime that calls attention to itself from time to time by doing something it knows will outrage most of the rest of the world .
Whether these pathetic little displays of dubious military prowess mean it wants to join the rest of the world  become a “ responsible member of the world community ” as fantasists like to put it , or simply reduce its isolation and import something besides movies and expensive Scotch  is difficult to know .
If that is so , it is at least possible that the regime poses nowhere near the threat our big thinkers believe it does , but the way the U.S. is responding to the test makes it likely that we will never know .
Our supposed experts have now pondered the evidence of what seems to have been , from an initial analysis of the seismic data , a low - grade nuclear weapon .
They did this through analysis of radiation patterns near the blast .
The North Koreans say they were careful to seal the underground test area so that no radiation escaped  which some interpreted as a possible attempt to conceal the fact that the explosion did not emit radiation .
But apparently it did .
It thus seems likely , because of the rather small seismic footprint of the explosion , that Anthony Cordesman , who holds the Arleigh Burke Chair in Strategy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , had it about right .
He suggested in the first hours after the test that the explosion could be “ a fizzle or failed test of a larger design .
It is far easier to get some yield than an efficient weapon .
Such a failure could come from either a gun or implosion device . ”
Know Not Much
The fact that we know as little as we do suggests that U.S. intelligence services , despite the billions poured into them , are not especially effective and may not be getting much better .
Even if the North Koreans did explode a nuclear device , however , that changes surprisingly little about the essential North Korean situation .
We have known for some years , in part through intelligence and in part because they say so , that North Korea seeks to be known as a nuclear power .
In some sick way  and it is hardly just the North Koreans who are afflicted by this syndrome  leaders of nation - states in the contemporary world see possession of nuclear weapons as a status symbol , a mechanism for being taken seriously by the “ world community . ”
North Korea is also quite aware that it was named one of the three countries in President Bush ’s “ axis of evil , ” and that the U.S. invaded the first country so named .
It almost certainly sees the possession of a nuclear weapon  or the widespread perception that it has one , which might be just as effective  as a deterrent against the U.S. invasion its leaders claim to believe is imminent .
We have also known for decades that North Korea lurches between being the “ hermit state ” that seeks to withdraw from the rest of the world in search of a Stalinist purity that was outdated when Stalin was still alive , and doing outrageous things to attract world attention .
For symbolic reasons , partially having to do with the fact that the Korean War was never formally ended through a peace treaty and partially because the U.S. maintains some 37,000 troops on the Korean peninsula , the country it most likes to tweak is the United States .
Few Good Choices
The problem with most of the conventional approaches , including military approaches , to North Korea is that they are unlikely to be effective .
North Korea has thousands of long - range artillery pieces trained on the South Korean capital of Seoul .
A military strike could mean hundreds of thousands of South Korean civilian casualties .
U.S. forces stationed in Korea could also be vulnerable .
Their current function is to serve as a tripwire more than a deterrent  a guarantee that if conflict breaks out the United States will be involved .
The intelligent thing for the United States to do , however , is to reduce its involvement .
Condoleezza
Rice says that her current round of diplomacy in the region is not geared to destabilizing the region or ratcheting up the sense of confrontation .
But the presence of the United States , especially taking the lead role our apparatchiks insist upon , is itself more destabilizing than almost any other imaginable course .
Insisting , as President Bush does , that a North Korean nuke is “ unacceptable ” without actually doing anything substantial about it simply increases uncertainty and almost certainly undermines stability .
Do Not Much
When you get beyond the feverish rhetoric about the dire peril of a North Korean nuke , it ’s hard not to notice that when it comes to action , most of the countries involved are concerned , but not concerned enough to take decisive action .
Even the United States , whose government leaders have a vested interest in magnifying every pipsqueak dictatorship that annoys us into a dire and imminent threat , are taking what some might view as a lackadaisical approach to the matter .
And that just might be the right approach .
Let ’s go down the list .
China , North Korea ’s chief trading partner and patron , could almost certainly have prevented a North Korean nuclear weapons program if it were near the top of China ’s priority list .
Almost all the petroleum and much of the food North Korea relies on comes from or through China .
At the same time , however , China is reluctant to apply too much pressure .
China sees North Korea as a buffer between it and U.S. troops in South Korea .
Beijing undoubtedly has ambivalent feelings about the Pyongyang regime and occasionally finds it actively annoying .
But it also fears a collapse of the regime , not only for strategic regions but because it fears a massive influx of refugees from North Korea should the regime collapse or implode .
So it chose not to apply sufficient pressure to deter Kim Jong Il ’s weapons program .
Perhaps it now believes that was a mistake , but it still is n’t doing much that ’s overtly dramatic .
South Korea has for several years pursued a “ sunshine ” policy toward North Korea , taking a long - term approach calculated to promote bringing the hermit kingdom out of its seclusion little by little , with an eye toward eventual reunification .
That policy did not prevent a nuclear test , and has caused a certain amount of soul - searching in Seoul .
But the South Koreans are unlikely to abandon the “ sunshine ” policy completely .
Over the long haul , defusing tension with the North is in its strongest interest .
Other Priorities
Preventing a nuclear test , which may or may not presage actual weapons , is a lower priority and will continue to be .
Regime change is also not high on the priority list because a collapse of the Pyongyang regime would almost certainly lead to enormous expenditures in rebuilding the North .
South Korean scholars and policymakers have studied the reunification of Germany intensively , and hope for a less expensive process .
South Korea also knows full well that while it would likely win a war eventually , North Korea ’s conventional military capability  a million - man army and all that artillery trained on Seoul  is enough to make a military conflict an unwelcome prospect .
Japan , which after all has had a North Korean missile fired over it , may be the most concerned about a North Korean nuke .
But preventing a test was not its highest priority either , though there ’s some doubt whether Japan could have taken steps effective enough to deter Pyongyang ’s nuke testers .
North Korea is almost entirely isolated economically , so economic sanctions are likely to impose little pain .
Targeted sanctions against materials that could be used in a nuclear weapons program might be marginally useful , but it seems likely they would simply raise the cost of North Korea acquiring such materiel , not cutting off the flow completely .
North Korea is run by a barbarous regime whose very existence is an affront to the ideals of liberty .
But it is not a direct threat to the United States .
Now would be a good time to inform North Korea ’s neighbors , South Korea , China , Japan , Russia , that this is their problem to confront .
Japan is already talking about starting a nuclear weapons program , though changing or reinterpreting its essentially but decreasingly pacifist constitution might take a while .
The other countries mentioned have all condemned the North Korean test but left vague just what they are willing to do .
There ’s talk of South Korea and Taiwan developing nuclear weapons as a deterrent against anything zany the North Koreans might think of doing .
If the U.S. visibly handed off the problem to the country ’s neighbors it would focus their minds on the practical .
But they might just decide that they can live with a North Korean nuke .
While Russia shares a border with North Korea , it does n’t care much whether the regime has a nuke .
Its own thousands of warheads left over from the Soviet era seem to be a sufficient deterrent .
Leave
It to the Neighbors
The United States might do well to take to heart what North Korea ’s neighbors think  judging by their action or inaction rather than their words  about the tremendous danger posed by an impoverished regime fully dependent on China for almost all necessities of life .
Maybe it ’s not a precursor to Armageddon .
Instead , of course , the U.S. is escalating concern .
Condi Rice has reassured Japan that it ’s still under the protection of the U.S. nuclear umbrella , thus extending the reach and the commitments of our country into an area where prudence might suggest scaling back our commitments .
Among the proposals I ’ve heard , my favorite comes from Ted Carpenter , vice president for defense and international studies at the libertarian Cato Institute .
Make a deal with China , he suggests , for them to take out Kim Jong Il ’s odious regime in North Korea ( China could do it whereas the U.S. probably could n’t ) in exchange for a withdrawal of U.S. troops from the Korean Peninsula ( which makes sense anyway ) .
In short , this is no time for panic .
North Korea ’s regime is despicable but not a direct threat .
There ’s plenty of time to hand the problem off to the country ’s neighbors , who will have to live with the consequences of the choices they make in the coming months and years .
There are reasons to be concerned beyond the neighborhood in that North Korea could be proliferators of weapons systems and for the right price might make weapons available to a regime like Iran or even to terrorist groups .
But the genuine threat is nowhere near so dire as the headlines and the frantic diplomacy might suggest .
At what point do these so - called conservatives out there plan to speak up against this crap ?
From CNet , then my analysis :
Attorney General Alberto Gonzales is pressing the U.S. Congress to enact a sweeping intellectual - property bill that would increase criminal penalties for copyright infringement , including “ attempts ” to commit piracy … .
The Bush administration is throwing its support behind a proposal called the Intellectual Property Protection Act of 2007 , which is likely to receive the enthusiastic support of the movie and music industries , and would represent the most dramatic rewrite of copyright law since a 2005 measure dealing with prerelease piracy … .
The IPPA would , for instance : * Criminalize “ attempting ” to infringe copyright .
Federal law currently punishes not - for - profit copyright infringement with between 1 and 10 years in prison , but there has to be actual infringement that takes place ….
* Permit more wiretaps for piracy investigations .
Wiretaps would be authorized for investigations of Americans who are “ attempting ” to infringe copyrights …. * Allow computers to be seized more readily .
Specifically , property such as a PC “ intended to be used in any manner ” to commit a copyright crime would be subject to forfeiture , including civil asset forfeiture … .
* Require Homeland Security to alert the Recording Industry Association of America .
That would happen when CDs with “ unauthorized fixations of the sounds , or sounds and images , of a live musical performance ” are attempted to be imported .
Oh where to begin ?
First off , what this legislation is really about :
The Homeland Security department getting carte blanche authorization to fish through your computer and tap your phones with impunity , whenever they want , so long as they argue that they think you might have ever tried to download even a single song via Limewire or some of other music - sharing software , or have ever copied a photo off the Internet , or even watched a single clip from any TV show on YouTube .
They ’re going to use this legislation to hunt for terrorists , and wo n’t need search warrants , etc .
That ’s what this is about .
Now to the specifics .
1 . Why change the law to an “ attempt ” to infringe ?
Copyright law has been fine until now , why change it ?
2 . As mentioned above , they can wiretap anyone who may be “ attempting ” to infringe on copyright .
That means if they suspect that you may have saved a copy on your computer of one of my orchid photos they can tap your phones , without a warrant I suspect .
They can also tap your phone if they think your teenage daughter may be “ attempting ” to download a song online .
They could also tap the phones of every YouTube user who has ever posted a clip from any TV show .
Think about that .
3 . They can seize your computer , forever , if you “ intend ” to copy even one song or one photo from the Internet .
Not if you DO copy it .
Just if you even just plan on it in your mind .
And the religious right has a problem with hate crime laws ?
At least with hate crime laws you actually have to have committed a violent crime like murder or aggravated assault .
And Bush is threatening a veto of that bill .
But he has no problem with a bill that throws you in jail for just thinking of maybe downloading music or a photo or posting a copy of a Washington Post article to your blog or putting a clip from the Daily Show or South Park on YouTube ( that too would permit Bush to tap your phones ) .
And finally , if Homeland Security does n’t have enough work to do already , and has the time to set up a hotline to the Record Industry Association every time little Suzie downloads a Christina Aguilera song , well , then we might as well just pack it in and put up a big welcome sign for Osama to hit us again .
A word processor accused of stealing damaging documents about electronic voting machine manufacturer Diebold Election Systems was arraigned Tuesday on three felony counts .
Stephen Heller was charged in Los Angeles Superior Court with felony access to computer data , commercial burglary and receiving stolen property .
He pleaded not guilty .
“ It ’s a devastating allegation for a whistle - blower , ” said Blair Berk , Heller ’s attorney .
“ Certainly , someone who saw those documents could have reasonably believed that thousands of voters were going to be potentially disenfranchised in upcoming elections . ”
The charges arise from Heller ’s alleged disclosure two years ago of legal papers from the Los Angeles office of international law firm Jones Day , which represented Diebold at the time .
Heller was under contract as a word processor at Jones Day .
Advertisement
The documents included legal memos from one Jones Day attorney to another regarding allegations by activists that Diebold had used uncertified voting systems in Alameda County elections beginning in 2002 .
In the memos , a Jones Day attorney opined that using uncertified voting systems violated California election law and that if Diebold had employed an uncertified system , Alameda County could sue the company for breaching its $ 12.7 - million contract .
The documents also revealed that Diebold ’s attorneys were exploring whether the California secretary of state had the authority to investigate the company for alleged election law violations .
The Oakland Tribune published the legal memos on its website in April 2004 .
By then , the issue of whether Diebold used uncertified systems was already receiving widespread attention , because many of its systems failed during the March 2004 primary .
As a result , poll workers had to turn away some early voters in San Diego County , and Alameda County voters had to use paper ballots .
Advertisement
A subsequent report by the secretary of state ’s office found that Diebold had marketed and sold its systems before gaining federal qualification and had installed uncertified software on election machines in 17 counties .
The company ’s AccuVote - TSx model was banned in May 2004 , but Diebold machines were conditionally recertified by Secretary of State Bruce McPherson last week for use in 17 counties for this year ’s elections .
McPherson ordered Diebold to make long - term programming changes and submit the modifications to a federal panel for recertification .
The conditional recertification follows a turbulent history for Diebold ’s electronic voting systems .
Advertisement
In November 2004 , the company settled a civil lawsuit brought by two activists and later joined by the state attorney general after he dropped his criminal investigation of the company .
Diebold paid $ 2.6 million to settle the suit , which alleged that the company had sold its touch - screen voting systems to Alameda County through misrepresentations about their security and certification .
One of the activists , Jim March , said he was the person who actually turned over the allegedly stolen documents to the Oakland Tribune and the state attorney general ’s and secretary of state ’s offices .
Sandi Gibbons , spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office , refused to call Heller a “ whistle - blower . ”
Advertisement
“ We call him a defendant , ” she said .
“ He ’s accused of breaking the law ....
If we feel that the evidence shows beyond a reasonable doubt in our minds that a crime has been committed , it ’s our job as a criminal prosecutor to file a case . ”
Although state law protects whistle - blowers from retaliation by their employers , they can still be criminally prosecuted , said Tom Devine , legal director at the Washington , D.C. - based Government Accountability Project .
“ It ’s very rare that it ’s successful , ” he said .
“ It ’s a tactic where the primary goal may be to scare other would - be whistle - blowers rather than a realistic attempt to obtain a conviction . ”
Heller ’s preliminary hearing date will be set at a trial conference April 24 .
Advertisement
If convicted on all three counts , he could face up to three years and eight months in state prison , Gibbons said .
*
Times staff writer Jean O. Pasco contributed to this report .
I 've implemented Ogg Vorbis playback in Factor .
The library is in the module ' libs / vorbis ' and supports playing Vorbis encoded audio from .ogg files and streams :
" test.ogg " play - vorbis - file " http://www.bluishcoder.co.nz/test.ogg " http-get* [ play - vorbis - stream ] keep stream - close
The audio is played back using the OpenAL wrapper I wrote last month .
Some example Ogg Vorbis files are available at the Vorbis site .
I 've been testing the library against a test.ogg file which contains Vorbis audio and Theora video .
Currently the Factor library only plays back the Vorbis audio stream but I plan to get to Theora playback eventually .
I converted test.ogg from the original Windows Media format file of James Hill playing Allegro con brio on the Ukulele .
You 'll need libraries for Ogg and Vorbis installed .
I 've packed precompiled DLLs for Windows in oggdlls.zip
The playback yields timeslices while decoding and playing to allow other Factor threads to run .
I 'm able to play music , streamed from the Factor httpd server , while playing Factor Space Invaders all from the same Factor instance quite nicely .
Carbon dioxide emissions from shipping are double those of aviation and increasing at an alarming rate which will have a serious impact on global warming , according to research by the industry and European academics .
Separate studies suggest that maritime carbon dioxide emissions are not only higher than previously thought , but could rise by as much as 75 % in the next 15 to 20 years if world trade continues to grow and no action is taken .
The figures from the oil giant BP , which owns 50 tankers , and researchers at the Institute for Physics and Atmosphere in Wessling , Germany reveal that annual emissions from shipping range between 600 and 800 m tonnes of carbon dioxide , or up to 5 % of the global total .
This is nearly double Britain 's total emissions and more than all African countries combined .
Carbon dioxide emissions from ships do not come under the Kyoto agreement or any proposed European legislation and few studies have been made of them , even though they are set to increase .
Aviation carbon dioxide emissions , estimated to be about 2 % of the global total , have been at the forefront of the climate change debate because of the sharp increase in cheap flights , whereas shipping emissions have risen nearly as fast in the past 20 years but have been ignored by governments and environmental groups .
Shipping is responsible for transporting 90 % of world trade which has doubled in 25 years .
Donald Gregory , director of environment at BP Marine , said this week that BP estimates that the global fleet of 70,000 ships uses approximately 200 m tonnes of fuel a year and this is expected to grow to 350 m tonnes a year by 2020 .
" We estimate carbon dioxide emissions from shipping to be 4 % of the global total .
Ships are getting bigger and every shipyard in the world has a full order book .
There are about 20,000 new ships on order " he said .
The estimate supports other academic studies which , until now , have been dismissed as " extreme " , because the industry fears that emissions regulations will be forced on it if it is not seen to be addressing the issue .
" The International Maritime Organisation [ IMO ] needs to come up with an emissions strategy , or it will be down to us , " said Mr Gregory .
" Aviation is in the firing line now but shipping needs to take responsibility .
There will be increasing pressure to do something . "
Dr Veronika Eyring , a researcher at the Institute of Physics and Atmosphere , calculates that the global fleet used 280 m tonnes of fuel in 2001 and that could reach 400 m tonnes by 2020 .
" People are becoming more aware of the shipping emissions problem , but there is still uncertainty as to the exact amount of fuel being used , " she said .
An IMO study of greenhouse gas emissions has estimated that emissions from the global fleet would increase dramatically in the next 20 years as globalisation leads to increased demand for bigger , faster ships .
Without action the IMO predicts that by 2020 , emissions from ships would increase up to 72 % .
Yesterday the independent Tyndall Centre for Climate Change , which has launched a two - year study into shipping emissions , said the problem needed to be addressed urgently .
" The proportion of [ greenhouse gas ] emissions from international shipping continues to receive scant regard within government .
Shipping has been missed off the climate change agenda , said researcher Alice Bowes .
Britain downplays the problem , saying that ships in UK waters emit less than 2 m tonnes of carbon dioxide a year .
But no record is kept of the fuel used and most ships take on fuel outside Britain .
Although the industry maintains that ships are more efficient at transferring freight than air , it admits improvements can be made .
Yesterday Caroline Lucas , a Green MEP , said : " [ Shipping ] has got away with doing nothing and maintained a clean image which it does not deserve . "
Drinking tea without milk could have more health benefits
A small German study found drinking black tea significantly improved the ability of arteries to relax and expand to keep blood pressure healthy .
But the European Heart Journal paper also found proteins in milk , called caseins , blocked this effect .
It is estimated as many as 98 % of UK tea - drinkers prefer milk in their favourite cuppa .
The researchers tested the effects of tea in 16 humans and on rat tissue .
They showed molecules in the tea called catechins helped dilate the blood vessels by producing a chemical called nitric oxide .
The caseins in milk prevented this effect by reducing the concentration of catechins in the tea .
Our results provide a possible explanation for the lack of beneficial effects of tea on the risk of heart disease in the UK
Professor Stangl
Senior researcher Dr Verena Stangl , professor of cardiology at the Charite Hospital , in Berlin , said : " Our results thus provide a possible explanation for the lack of beneficial effects of tea on the risk of heart disease in the UK , a country where milk is usually added . "
However , June Davison , cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation ( BHF ) , said : " It is difficult to say from this small study the impact of adding a drop of milk to your tea can make .
" The tea break is a great British tradition which provides time to relax with a cuppa in hand .
" Leaving milk out of your tea is far less likely to help protect your heart health than other measures , such as taking regular exercise , avoiding smoking and eating a healthy balanced diet . "
Tea benefits
But Ms Davison also said the study highlighted the importance of not just thinking about one food in isolation but the effect of the actual interaction between different foods .
Prof Stangl said the study was very complex and so could only be performed on a small number of people .
Professor Andrew Steptoe of UCL 's department of epidemiology and public health , who has previously carried out research into the effects of tea on recovery from stress , said that as such studies were very difficult to carry out he was not surprised that this study had been very small .
There are benefits for tea , with or without milk , so keep on drinking
Catherine Collins
On the results of the study , he added : " We would be interested to know if that sort of effect persists long - term or if it is just an acute effect of tea . "
Prof Steptoe also said that as there were about 200 bioactive compounds in tea the apparent effect of milk of vasodilation " does not necessarily mean milk negates the other effects of tea " .
Catherine Collins , a dietician and spokesperson for the British Dietetic Society , agreed that tea was a " very healthy drink " and pointed out that drinking it with milk in would boost calcium intake .
She said : " There are benefits for tea , with or without milk , so keep on drinking . "
Bill Gorman , chairman of the Tea Council , also said the study was " another very positive piece of research for tea as it's clear that the researchers recognise that tea has significant health effects " .
During a training exercise , Air Vice - Marshal David Walker put it to newly qualified pilots that they should think of flying suicide missions in a " worst case scenario " when a terrorist attack was imminent .
The head of the RAF 's elite One Group who is in operational control of Typhoon , Tornado , Jaguar and Harrier fighters and bombers , is reported to have asked the pilots : " Would you think it unreasonable if I ordered you to fly your aircraft into the ground in order to destroy a vehicle carrying a Taliban or al - Qaida commander ? "
According to reports in today 's Sun , he told them they knew when they signed up that they would have to risk their lives .
The Ministry of Defence last night confirmed that the training exercise had taken place but stressed it was a hypothetical question to provoke thoughts as to what pilots would do if they were confronted with a situation in which they might die .
" Air Vice - Marshal Walker did not say he would order his crews on suicide missions , " the MoD said in a statement .
" As part of a training exercise he wanted them to think about how they , and their commanders , would react faced with a life and death decision of the most extreme sort - for example , terrorists trying to fly an aircraft into a British city , being followed by an RAF fighter which suffers weapons failure .
" These are decisions which , however unlikely and dreadful , service people may have to make and it is one of many reasons why the British people hold them in such high esteem . "
An MoD spokesperson added that Air Vice - Marshal Walker , who saw action in Iraq , was trying to make clear that all service personnel can be asked to lay down their lives .
The comments distressed pilots who were present at the conference .
" The idea of officers ordering personnel to commit suicide is disgusting , " an unnamed officer told the Sun .
Another said : " His idea of leadership is to suggest that it is within his power to authorise the first example of an ordered kamikaze attack in the RAF 's 89 - year history .
He is subtly suggesting that if he wished he could order anyone in his command to die . "
Back in the summer of 2000 , Fortune , a highly respected publication and home to many fine pieces of journalism over the years , published an article titled " 10 Stocks to Last the Decade . "
An easy enough challenge , one might surmise -- simply picking 10 companies that would , umm ... not disappear .
Actually , the article promised more than that .
These stocks were specifically predicted to be winners , according to the piece 's introduction :
" Given the market 's recent volatility , a few of our picks could experience drops over the coming months and years .
But if you 're a long - term investor , these 10 should put your retirement account in good stead and protect you from those recurring nightmares about the stocks that got away . "
Here 's the list , and how they 've done since :
Company Returns since
August 2000 Broadcom ( NASDAQ : BRCM ) ( 78 % ) Charles Schwab ( NASDAQ : SCHW ) ( 51 % ) Enron Oops Genentech ( NASDAQ : DNA ) 121 % Morgan Stanley ( NYSE : MS ) 0 % Nokia ( NYSE : NOK ) ( 45 % ) Nortel Networks ( NASDAQ:NT ) ( 96 % ) Oracle ( NASDAQ : ORCL ) ( 53 % ) Univision ( 42 % ) Viacom Kind of hard to explain
Not so good .
All right , I 'm not here to dance upon the grave of one prediction gone bad .
Everybody in this business has had a few , and there 's no benefit gained in mocking anyone .
But let 's consider the lessons learned here , and how you can avoid making the same investing mistakes with them .
1 . All of these companies might be considered " of the moment . "
The article explicitly adopted and endorsed the term " new era " multiple times .
We 've got a biotech , the exciting wireless and telecommunications companies , software , and online brokers , among the choices .
Each of these things seemed to be fairly revolutionary at the time .
But revolutionary enterprises do n't necessarily make for very good investments , particularly if too many other people are thinking the same way at the same time .
2. Explosive growth was very clear -- in the rearview mirror .
Leading up to the summer of 2000 , these companies collectively had very strong revenue growth over the previous several years .
Now , not all of this revenue growth was leading to big earnings , but those earnings were expected to materialize sooner or later .
Investing on the hope that earnings will someday appear -- though it sometimes works out -- is not nearly as effective an investing strategy in general as investing in companies with solid earnings and free cash flows .
Also , these companies ' prices were discounting future revenue and earnings growth for upcoming years that equaled what they had enjoyed in the previous years .
Which brings us to the third point ...
3 . Apparently , attractive valuation was not a consideration for this list .
As a group , these companies practically defined stocks priced for extraordinarily high future growth .
With the exception of Genentech , that growth did not materialize as expected .
At Motley Fool Stock Advisor , we try to do things a little bit differently .
While not oblivious to the opportunities that new technologies sometimes present , valuation is always a major consideration , as is a conservative estimate of future growth opportunities .
We and our readers are up 68 % on money added to the market over the past five years , compared to 28 % in the S&P 500 .
It 's been fun so far , and if you want to join the ride , you 're welcome to a free 30 - day guest pass at any time .
Bill Barker does not own shares of any company mentioned .
Schwab is a Stock Advisor recommendation .
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
Gallery of shrooms growing and picked from the wild .
If you want help identifying your own finds , please use our Mushroom Hunting and Identification forum .
Blog Archive Apr 2015 ( 1 ) Jul 2014 ( 4 ) Jun 2013 ( 4 ) Jan 2013 ( 1 ) Dec 2012 ( 5 ) Nov 2012 ( 15 ) Oct 2012 ( 22 ) Sep 2012 ( 12 ) Aug 2012 ( 8 ) Jul 2012 ( 5 ) Jun 2012 ( 5 ) May 2012 ( 6 ) Apr 2012 ( 10 ) Mar 2012 ( 7 ) Feb 2012 ( 6 ) Jan 2012 ( 7 ) Dec 2011 ( 7 ) Nov 2011 ( 14 ) Oct 2011 ( 8 ) Sep 2011 ( 9 ) Aug 2011 ( 5 ) Jul 2011 ( 8 ) Jun 2011 ( 6 ) May 2011 ( 13 ) Apr 2011 ( 17 ) Mar 2011 ( 27 ) Feb 2011 ( 12 ) Jan 2011 ( 27 ) Dec 2010 ( 27 ) Nov 2010 ( 22 ) Oct 2010 ( 9 ) Sep 2010 ( 24 ) Aug 2010 ( 10 ) Jul 2010 ( 7 ) Jun 2010 ( 6 ) May 2010 ( 3 ) Apr 2010 ( 14 ) Mar 2010 ( 16 ) Feb 2010 ( 12 ) Jan 2010 ( 17 ) Dec 2009 ( 30 ) Nov 2009 ( 36 ) Oct 2009 ( 40 ) Sep 2009 ( 32 ) Aug 2009 ( 8 ) Jul 2009 ( 3 ) Jun 2009 ( 11 ) May 2009 ( 15 ) Apr 2009 ( 5 ) Mar 2009 ( 12 ) Feb 2009 ( 1 ) Jan 2009 ( 13 ) Dec 2008 ( 22 ) Nov 2008 ( 19 ) Oct 2008 ( 1 ) Sep 2008 ( 18 ) Aug 2008 ( 33 ) Jul 2008 ( 28 ) Jun 2008 ( 20 ) May 2008 ( 5 ) Apr 2008 ( 9 ) Mar 2008 ( 23 ) Feb 2008 ( 23 ) Jan 2008 ( 39 ) Dec 2007 ( 25 ) Nov 2007 ( 13 ) Aug 2007 ( 32 ) Jul 2007 ( 37 ) Jun 2007 ( 51 ) May 2007 ( 60 ) Apr 2007 ( 100 ) Mar 2007 ( 103 ) Feb 20 07 ( 41 ) Jan 2007 ( 37 ) Dec 2006 ( 63 ) Nov 2006 ( 80 ) Oct 2006 ( 37 ) Sep 2006 ( 23 ) Aug 2006 ( 27 ) Jul 2006 ( 1 ) Apr 2006 ( 2 ) Mar 2006 ( 1 )
May 14 , 2007 — jao
In his soon - to - be- published book , Joe Armstrong proposes the following exercise :
Write a ring benchmark .
Create N processes in a ring .
Send a message round the ring M times .
So that a total of N * M messages get sent .
Time how long this takes for different values of N and M .
and he adds
Write a similar program in some other programming language you are familiar with .
Compare the results .
Write a Blog and publish the results on the Internet !
Since i happen to be learning Erlang and , besides , know of another programming language providing Erlang - like primitives , i thought i’d take Joe ’s bait and give you a little taste of how Erlang feels to a newcomer .
This is my implementation of the ring in Erlang .
If you ’re an Erlang hacker , be prepared to be scared : this is my first longer - than - ten - lines program–but , please , do not hesitate to criticize it as deserved !.
- module ( ring ) . - export ( [ make_ring /2 ] ) .
make_ring ( N , M ) -> spawn ( fun ( ) -> sender ( N , M ) end ) .
sender ( N , M ) -> FirstPid = self ( ) , NextPid = spawn ( fun ( ) -> tunnel ( N , 2 , FirstPid ) end ) , statistics ( runtime ) , statistics ( wall_clock ) , do_times ( M , 0 , fun( I ) -> NextPid ! I end ) , NextPid !
done , receive done -> done end , {_ , Time1} = statistics ( runtime ) , {_ , Time2} = statistics ( wall_clock ) , U1 = Time1 * 1000 , U2 = Time2 * 1000 , io : format ( " Total time=~p ( ~p ) microseconds~n " , [ U1 , U2 ] ) .
do_times ( N , N , _ ) -> done ; do_times ( N , J , Fun ) -> Fun( J ) , do_times ( N , J+1 , Fun ) .
tunnel( N , N , FirstPid ) -> tunnel ( FirstPid ) ; tunnel ( N , J , FirstPid ) -> tunnel ( spawn( fun ( ) -> tunnel ( N , J+1 , FirstPid ) end ) ) .
tunnel ( Pid ) -> receive done ->
Pid !
done ; Any ->
Pid !
Any , tunnel ( Pid ) end .
Here you can see some of Erlang ’s niceties : first class , anonymous functions ( using the fun ( ) -> [ body ] end lambda constructor ) ; function definition by cases ( a la Haskell : guards are also admitted ) and pattern matching ; message mailboxes using receive ( also using pattern matching ) and the send operator !
; easy process creation with spawn ; and the pretty no - frills but extremely convenient module system ( one would write ring : make_ring ( A , B ) to call our ring launcher : the Erlang shell will find and load the ring module as long as the file is in the load path ) .
You may also have noticed that there is no variable mutations , or that lower case atoms ( like done ) are automatically interpreted as symbols .
Tuples also make an appearance : they are constructed using braces ( as in {_ , Time1} ) and you assign values to its components , again , by pattern matching .
And , oh , those tail recursive calls to tunnel and do_times are properly optimized by the Erlang interpreter .
Although the above is just a subset of the language ’s features , it ’s enough to show why i like Erlang : it reminds me of Scheme in many ways , while borrowing some interesting bits from ML languages and even Prolog .
On top of it , it fulfills Alan Perlis desideratum on programming languages : it changes the way you think , as recently noticed by one of my favourite bloggers .
( It is also worth mentioning that Erlang comes charged with a pretty nice library , excellently documented , that has recently gained a slick search interface . )
But back to Joe ’s problem .
As it happens , there ’s ‘ one other language i’m familiar with ’ ( Scheme ) that provides and Erlang - like library ( Gambit ‘s Termite ) , and rewriting the program was a breeze :
( define ( make - ring n m ) ( spawn ( lambda ( ) ( sender n m ) ) ) ) ( define ( sender n m ) ( define ( display - time msg start end ) ( display ( list msg (- end start ) ) ) ( newline ) ) ( let* ( ( fist - pid ( self ) ) ( next - pid ( spawn ( lambda ( ) ( tunnel n 2 fist - pid ) ) ) ) ( rt ( real - time ) ) ( ct ( cpu- time ) ) ) ( let loop ( ( m m ) ) ( cond ( (= 0 m ) (! next - pid ' done ) ( recv ( ' done ( let ( ( nct ( cpu- time ) ) ( nrt ( real - time ) ) ) ( display - time " CPU time : " ct nct ) ( display - time " Real time : " rt nrt ) ) ) ) ) ( else (! next - pid m ) ( loop (- m 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( tunnel n j first - pid ) ( cond ( ( = n j ) ( send - recv first - pid ) ) ( else ( send - recv ( spawn ( lambda ( ) ( tunnel n (+ 1 j ) first - pid ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( send - recv pid ) ( recv ( ' done (! pid ' done ) ) ( x (! pid x ) ( send - recv pid ) ) ) )
If you ’re a Schemer , you ’ll readily understand the code above , which uses the same primitives as Erlang : ! , recv ( since receive is taken in Gambit ) and spawn .
What about the comparison ?
Well , i love Scheme and , to my biased eyes , Gambit ’s version is more beautiful .
So let ’s move to something that is not in the eye of the beholder : speed .
Running ring : make_ring ( 5000 , 1000 ) in my laptop gives the following output :
Total time =970000 ( 1520000 ) microseconds
while typing ( make - ring 5000 1000 ) at the Gambit ’s interpreter prompt yields :
CPU time : 19.442507999999997 secs Real time : 19.780327081680298 secs
So , the Scheme interpreter is about 20 times slower than the Erlang interpreter ( the factor seems to be more or less constant when you change the number of processes or messages sent ) .
But Gambit has a secret weapon : it ’s a Scheme to C compiler ( why , it ’s actually called Gambit - C ! ) .
So I compiled my program and ran it , with the following result :
CPU time : 2.3031090000000005 secs Real time : 2.3484270572662354 secs
The interpreted Erlang code is still more than twice quicker than the compiled C code .
Not bad : the more i look at that Erlang program , the more beautiful it looks !
Of course , this is just a toy benchmark which says nearly nothing about the real performance of either Erlang or Termite .
I just thought it could be a way of whetting your appetite and get you started in these to systems that i’m just discovering .
Googling for Erlang and Termite will direct you to several recent blog entries discussing them and helping you to join the fun , but , lest you miss it , let me recommend this Termite mini-tutorial by Marc Feeley .
And again , if you discover any of the silly things i could do better in the programs above , please leave a comment : i’m just learning !
EXAMPLE OF INTEREST FEES EXAMPLE OF INTEREST FEES
An illustration of a widely used practice in the credit card industry , charging interest on debt that is paid on time but not in full , according to the investigative subcommittee of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee : Jan. 1 , bill for December charges :
• Customer owes : $ 5,020
• Paid on time ( Jan. 15 ) : $ 5,000
• Balance : $ 20 Feb. 1 , bill for January charges :
• No new purchases
• Customer owes : $ 55.21 -- $ 20 balance from January bill , $ 34.78 in interest on the $ 5,020 balance from Jan. 1 - 15 , and 43 cents interest on the $ 20 from Jan . 16-31
• Paid on time ( Feb. 15 ) : $ 55.21
• Balance : 0 March 1 , bill for February charges :
• No new purchases
• Customer owes : 38 cents -- interest on the $ 55.21 from Feb. 1 -15 Note : 17.99 percent interest is assessed on each day 's balance and compounded daily .
Source : Associated Press COSTLY CREDIT CARD FEE TRAPS COSTLY CREDIT CARD FEE TRAPS Multiple interest rates :
You 're often charged different interest rates for purchases , cash advances and balance transfers .
And most issuers apply your payments first to the balance with the lowest interest rate before applying them to higher - rate balances .
Other traps : $ 39 Late and over - the - limit fees
Card issuers charge up to $ 39 each time you pay late or exceed your account limit .
Many issuers now set cut - off times for when the payment must be received during the day , making it easier to pay late .
3 % Cash advance and balance - transfer fees
Most issuers have lifted the cap on these fees , which used to be $ 50 to $ 75 .
Issuers now generally charge 3 % of the cash advance or balance transferred .
UP 32 % Penalty rates
Your interest rate can soar to 32 % if you pay late or exceed your credit limit just once .
UP 32 % Universal default
Even if you pay your bill on time , some issuers will still raise your rate to up to 32 % if you pay late on some other creditor 's bill .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
An Ohio man whose $ 3,200 credit card debt mushroomed to $ 10,700 with interest and fees told his story Wednesday to senators who denounced the industry for confusing billing practices and shifting interest rates .
Executives of three major banks defended their credit card practices as responsible and responsive to consumers ' needs in testimony at the hearing of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs ' investigative subcommittee .
Those from Citigroup Inc. and Chase Bank USA said their companies were eliminating some practices — including the one that hit Wesley Wannemacher of Lima , Ohio , with over - limit fees on his Chase card account 47 times although he went over his credit limit only three times .
The interest charges and fees on Wannemacher 's account more than tripled his debt despite his having made payments averaging $ 1,000 a year over six years , noted Sen.
Carl Levin , D - Mich. , the subcommittee 's chairman .
" Unfair ?
Clearly , I think , " Levin said .
He said an investigation by the panel found that " sky - high interest charges and fees are not uncommon in the credit card industry .
While the Wannemacher account happened to be at Chase , penalty interest rates and fees are also employed by Bank of America , Citigroup and other major credit card issuers . "
Richard Srednicki , the chief executive officer of Chase Card Services , apologized to Wannemacher in his testimony .
" In this case , we simply blew it , " he said .
Srednicki said the company has decided it no longer will charge over - the - credit - limit fees to customers who have been in a chronic over - limit position for 90 days .
Wannemacher used a new Chase card in 2001 and 2002 to pay for expenses mostly related to his wedding .
He had $ 3,200 in purchases , interest charges of $ 4,900 , 47 over - limit charges totaling $ 1,500 , late fees of $ 1,100 , for total charges of $ 10,700 as of February .
He paid $ 6,300 , leaving a $ 4,400 balance — which Chase agreed to waive after he contacted the subcommittee staff .
" Debt seems to invoke a feeling of hopelessness unlike any other problem I 've encountered , " Wannemacher testified at the hearing .
" When a debtor calls you on the phone and you make a minimum payment , you know that you 've made no real progress and that in a month , they will be calling again . "
Sen. Norm Coleman of Minnesota , the panel 's senior Republican , said high interest rates on credit cards , " hefty fees and crippling penalties impede more and more hard - working families from pursuing their American dream . "
The problem is worsened by the " impenetrable " language of credit card disclosures provided to consumers , he said .
While the credit card practices in question are legal , Levin is threatening possible legislation to outlaw them as a spur to the banking industry for voluntary changes .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd and other Democratic senators challenged credit card executives at a hearing in January over rising late fees and other penalties and marketing practices they portrayed as predatory .
Dodd , D - Conn. , said he was putting the industry on notice that if it does n't improve practices on its own , legislation may be warranted .
Since Democrats assumed control of Congress in January , they have put a number of consumer issues on the legislative agenda .
With Americans weighed down by some $ 850 billion in consumer debt , the practices of the robustly profitable credit card industry are a compelling subject for scrutiny .
Citigroup , the nation 's largest financial institution , announced last week that it was eliminating the practice of so - called universal default — raising interest rates for card customers because of their failure to pay other creditors on time .
In addition , Citigroup said it would eliminate some types of interest rate increases that have been criticized .
Credit card issuers raise customers ' rates and fees , for example , when they believe it is warranted by conditions in the financial markets .
But under Citigroup 's new policy , rates and fees will be increased before a card expires only if the customer pays late , exceeds his credit limit or pays with a check that bounces .
Or if the rate is linked to the prime interest rate , it would rise or fall in tandem .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge By Mark Lennihan , AP Practices of some credit card companies ' keep you in debt , ' Sen. Carl Levin said .
The Senate is investigating late fees .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
HONG KONG , May 7 —
A mysterious epidemic is killing pigs in southeastern China , but international and Hong Kong authorities said Monday that the Chinese government was providing little information about it or the contaminated wheat gluten that has caused death and illness in pets in the United States .
The lack of even basic details is reviving longstanding questions about whether China is willing to share information about health and food safety issues with potentially global implications .
The Chinese government — and particularly the government of Guangdong Province , which is next to Hong Kong — was criticized in 2003 for concealing information about the SARS virus when it emerged in Foshan , 95 miles northwest of Hong Kong .
After SARS , or severe acute respiratory syndrome , spread to Hong Kong and around the world , top Chinese officials promised to improve disclosure .
But officials in Hong Kong , at the World Health Organization and at the Food and Agriculture Organization said Monday that they had been told almost nothing about the latest pig deaths and that they had been given limited details about the apparently unrelated problem of wheat gluten contamination .
SuperBot modular robotic units assemble into a circular structure able to roll like a wheel .
Credit : USC Information Sciences Institute
Wei -Min Shen of the University of Southern California 's Information Sciences Institute recently reported to NASA significant progress in developing " SuperBot , " identical modular units that plug into each other to create robots that can stand , crawl , wiggle and even roll .
He illustrated his comments with striking video of the system in action , video now posted on line .
Shen 's presentation took place at the Space Technology and Applications International Forum 2007 ( STAIF ) held in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
For the report , he first offered a description of the SuperBot work :
" Superbot consists of Lego - like but autonomous robotic modules that can reconfigure into different systems for different tasks .
Examples of configurable systems include rolling tracks or wheels ( for efficient travel ) , spiders or centipedes ( for climbing ) , snakes ( for burrowing in ground ) , long arms ( for inspection and repair in space ) , and devices that can fly in micro-gravity environment .
" Each module is a complete robotic system and has a power supply , micro- controllers , sensors , communication , three degrees of freedom , and six connecting faces ( front , back , left , right , up and down ) to dynamically connect to other modules .
" This design allows flexible bending , docking , and continuous rotation .
A single module can move forward , back , left , right , flip - over , and rotate as a wheel .
Modules can communication with each other for totally distributed control and can support arbitrary module reshuffling during their operation .
" They have both internal and external sensors for monitoring self status and environmental parameters .
They can form arbitrary configurations ( graphs ) and can control these configurations for different functionality such as locomotion , manipulation , and self - repair . "
Shen illustrated his words with SuperBot action video showing these processes .
He and his colleagues and students made the fillms in just one week , immediately after completing the mechanics and electronics hardware for the latest batch of SuperBot modules at the beginning of February .
" The fact that SuperBot can achieve so much in so short a time demonstrates the unique value of modular , multifunctional and self - reconfigurable robots , " Shen said .
Follow the links below to view .wmv files of some of the videos :
Rope climbing between buildings :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/ropeclimber.wmv
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/fastropeclimber.wmv
Rolling :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/rollingtrack1.wmv
Caterpillar on beach and in room :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/beach-caterpillar.wmv
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/rough-catapillar.wmv
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/caterpillar.wmv
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/ninja-caterpillar.wmv
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/hard-at-work.wmv
Climbing on sand dune , river bank , and in room :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/sand-climber.wmv
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/climbcreek.wmv
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/carpet-climber.wmv
Sidewindering :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/sidewinder7mod.wmv
Climbing on a fishing net :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/netclimb1.wmv
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/netclimb2.wmv
Carrying a camera :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/climberCam.wmv
Walking :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/walker1.wmv
Butterflying :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/t-swim.wmv
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/creep.wmv
Collaborations :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/synch-swim.wmv
Searching and connecting :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/docking.wmv
Shape shifting :
http://www.isi.edu/robots/superbot/movies/Feb2007/reconfigure_shape_dependent.wmv
Source : University of Southern California
War protesters interrupt WA Senate debate , Associated Press - A small group of Iraq war protesters interrupted Senate floor debate Tuesday night , standing up one by one in the public gallery , flashing the peace sign and calling for the war to end . …
The 10 protesters were peacefully removed from the gallery by security and went down to the Rotunda , where they sat down and held up their hands in the peace sign .
Kenna Stout , an 18 - year - old freshman at The Evergreen State College , said the demonstrators wanted to let lawmakers know how they feel about the war , and wanted to show support for Sen.
Eric Oemig , D - Kirkland [ who has authored the impeachment bill ] .
( Read More )
The Washington impeachment bill ( and therefore justice ) is being obstructed by Democratic members of the U.S. House ( see our previous report on this ) .
Here is a book review of no particular book but rather a class of books that has been the ruling genre in conservative nonfiction for fifty years .
Actually we can include blogs in this too , since thousands upon thousands partake of the same error .
This critique applies the nearly every tract written from the Right from Barry Goldwater 's Conscience of a Conservative to the latest publishing venture of the talk show media celebrity wing nut to the statement of principles of the local College Republican club .
Here is the argument , reduced form :
On domestic policy , the government is the enemy .
We need to scale back government spending and regulations that tie up business in red tape .
The public schools are failing and need an injection of competition .
Too many welfare programs are out of control .
Taxes are too high and complex .
Politicians and bureaucrats should n't run our lives , lest liberty be lost .
Let 's return to our founding principles and return government to the people .
On the foreign policy , we are surrounded on all sides by enemies .
Dangers lurk everywhere .
We need to strike them before they strike us .
We must not shirk our responsibilities to ourselves and the world .
We need not fear the use of power , even war , even relentless global war .
We can not cut our defenses .
Indeed , we must expand them .
Our allies need us .
We need not listen to the cowards who would recoil from this struggle against evil because freedom is n't free .
If anything we need to beef up military spending .
Do you see the contradiction ?
Apparently it is not obvious to thousands of writers , activists , and thinkers , and not just today but dating back for decades .
The problem is this .
In the first paragraph , the government is rightly presumed to be the coercive enemy that takes from the people and saps their productivity .
It cannot perform tasks as efficiently as property owners .
It helps rather than hurts .
Government does not know best .
Our choice is government or liberty .
All that is fine as far as it goes .
But when it comes to foreign policy , the analysis is entirely reversed .
The presumption that the American people and the government are unified is integral to the analysis , as summed up in the plural pronouns " our " and " we , " as if the people have direct control over the foreign - policy decisions of the political leadership .
Whereas the government is considered to be bubble - headed and ham - handed in domestic policy , in matters of foreign policy the government is suddenly imbued with virtuous traits such as courage .
Taxes , in this case , are not a burden but the price we pay for civilization .
The largest and most violent government program of all — namely war — is not an imposition with unintended consequences but an essential and praiseworthy effort at protection .
I do n't mean to pick on the Right exclusively .
The Left often offers the inverse of this recommendation .
They believe that the government can't but unleash
Hell when it is waging war and spending on military machinery .
But when it comes to domestic policy , they believe the same government can cure the sick , comfort the afflicted , teach the unlearned , and bring hope and happiness to all .
Each sides presumes that it potentially enjoys full control over the government it instructs to do this thing as versus that thing .
What happens in real life , of course , is that the public sector — always and everywhere seeking more power — responds to the demands of both by granting each party 's positive agenda while eschewing its negative one .
Thus is the Left given its welfare , and the Right given its warfare , and we end up with a state that grows ever more vast and intrusive at home and abroad .
What neither side understands is that the critique that they offer of the programs they do not like apply also to the programs they do like .
The same state that robs you and me , ties business in knots , and wrecks the schools also does the same and worse to countries that the US government invades .
From the point of view of the taxed , the destination of the money does n't matter ; it is all taken by coercion and all of it saps the productive capacity of society .
Similarly , the state that uses military power to impose its imperial will on foreign regimes — destroying property , lives , and making endless enemies — is the one the Left proposes to put in charge of our economic lives .
It is impossible to make sense of the contradictions , particularly in the American political context , where the rise of American military power parallels the rise of big government at home .
This is true from the Civil War to the present .
These two parts of the state grow together .
( Understand that this critique is not the usual libertarian rendering that you hear in the media that we supposedly agree with the right on economic policy and the left on social policy ; there are too many problems with that apparatus to go into here , but suffice it to say that it leaves foreign policy completely out of the picture . )
Now it is perfectly true that history and present reality provide many examples of government that are invasive internally but not externally .
Sweden , Canada , Italy , and a 100 other nation - states have huge welfare states but no noticeable international military presence .
However : many of the world 's welfare states were actually imposed by military conquest ( e.g. Japan after WW2 ) .
Also , the Left would do well to observe that the best guard against a warmongering state is a state that is powerless in all aspects of life .
What makes no sense at all — conceptually , historically , or politically — is the rightwing view that the state should be expansionist and imperialist abroad but otherwise do nothing at home beyond the limits set forth in the Constitution or the political writings of the founding generation .
It is undeniable that that warfare state will not restrict itself to harming and bullying foreign peoples .
It always and everywhere does the same to the domestic population .
It occupies us , attacks our property , ferrets out political enemies , and wages low - intensity warfare against us .
The suggestion of conservatives that the government engage in all - out war on the world but otherwise leave people free to manage their own affairs is completely absurd in every way .
It is akin to the demand that one 's left leg march in one direction and the right leg march in the other direction .
If we know how the human body works , we know that this suggestion is ridiculous .
So too , if we know how government works , we know that a state that is expansionist abroad will never let well enough alone at home .
Back to the leg analogy .
The person who is told to march in two separate directions faces a dilemma .
He can not do both at once so he must evaluate the priorities of the instructor .
He must discern what is the most important course .
For American conservatives , this choice is obviously clear : so important is their foreign - policy agenda to their overall worldview that they are willing to live with Leviathan at home for the duration .
One way we can discern this is the utterly non-negotiability of the interventionist position .
That the United States must wage war is surely the one point that unites the American Right .
To be sure , it was n't always so : before the early 1950s and immediately after the end of the Cold War , some intellectuals on the Right began to see that empire and liberty are incompatible .
But these were brief periods .
For the most part , the political tracts of today live with the same contradictions that stained them in the 1980s and before .
All the neconservatives contributed in the 1970s and 1980s was an embrace of the welfare state that had been previously rejected on the right ; otherwise their foreign policy position was largely the same as that pushed by the National Review crowd since the 1950s .
What 's more , the end of the Cold War changed nothing .
Whereas the fear of Communism was the great reason for expansionism and the delay of liberty back then , now there is a new enemy — radical Islam and its terrorism — that must be beaten into submission .
In all this , conservatives are men with two brains .
One sees the government as a menace , something stupid , inefficient , brutal , isolated from real life , and the enemy of liberty .
The other sees government as a smart , wise , and all - knowing , a friend to all , in touch with life around the planet , and the friend to liberty everywhere .
How these two brains are integrated is never explained .
But the truth is that Jeffersonian - Misesian - Hayekian - Rothbardian critique of the state applies in both cases .
You either embrace it or you do n't .
As Harry Browne said : " The government that 's strong enough to give you what you want is strong enough to destroy you . "
In this sense , President Bush at least has consistency on his side .
He has expanded both the domestic and international Leviathan more substantially than any president since Lyndon Johnson , who was also consistent in this respect .
Their love of the state began differently , but it has ended in the same support of the welfare - warfare state .
It is those who would keep the foreign - policy circuses but decry the domestic - policy bread who need to have their heads examined .
WASHINGTON , Feb. 7 — The television journalist Tim Russert testified today that , contrary to what I. Lewis Libby Jr. has maintained , the two of them never discussed a C.I.A. agent whose unmasking touched off a scandal .
“ No , that would be impossible , ” Mr. Russert said when the prosecutor , Patrick J. Fitzgerald , asked him if he had told Mr. Libby about the agent .
It was impossible , Mr. Russert said , because he did not know about the agent at the time of a crucial conversation with Mr. Libby .
Did Mr. Russert tell Mr. Libby that “ all the reporters ” knew about the agent , asked Mr. Fitzgerald , as Mr. Libby has maintained Mr. Russert told him .
“ No , ” Mr. Russert said , repeating the same one - word answer to several similar questions from Mr. Fitzgerald , who is trying to prove that Mr. Libby lied to investigators and grand jurors during an inquiry into who leaked the name of the covert agent .
Since Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ’ inept stonewalling before the Senate Judiciary Committee shed no light on the firing of eight U.S. attorneys , let ’s dig into one of the real reasons — the Republican effort to stop voter registration campaigns in poor neighborhoods .
The assault is an early battle of the 2008 presidential campaign .
Republicans are trying to limit registration of African - Americans and Latinos in a number of states that Democrats have a chance of carrying .
It ’s not the only reason that attorneys were fired , but it is the most reprehensible .
U.S. attorneys are political appointees .
When a new president and his party take power , the old are swept out for the new .
But once in office , the attorneys usually work with local law enforcement and lawyers and are not often micro-managed from Washington .
There have been exceptions to this .
The power of local segregationists sent Kennedy administration lawyers into action to take over some law enforcement in the South during the civil rights movement .
This operation is different .
The Kennedys wanted to give African - Americans rights guaranteed by the Constitution .
The Bush crowd is trying to exclude African - Americans and Latinos .
One of the fired attorneys is David Iglesias of New Mexico , who was dismissed after state Republican officials complained that he would n’t prosecute registration fraud allegations .
( The state produced another , unrelated , example of Republicans using the Justice Department to win elections .
Republican Sen. Peter Domenici complained that Iglesias was too slow in prosecuting a political corruption case that would have helped the campaign of Rep. Heather Wilson , a Republican who eventually won a tight race . )
In 2004 , President Bush beat Sen. John Kerry in New Mexico by just a single percentage point , 50 percent to 49 percent .
In 2008 , the state ’s five electoral votes are within Democratic grasp .
Although that ’s not a lot of votes , the Democrats ’ near success in 2004 reflects the party ’s hopes of big gains throughout the Southwest and Rockies next year .
Another U.S. attorney firing was linked to efforts to stop a Democratic registration drive in Washington state .
Kerry carried it in 2004 , but a Republican came within 129 votes of the Democratic winner in last year ’s election for governor .
U.S. Attorney John McKay , who was appointed by Bush , was dumped by Gonzales after Republican officials complained he would not investigate supposed registration fraud .
The Republicans ’ main target in New Mexico , Washington and other states is a progressive grass - roots group , the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , ACORN .
It has chapters in more than 100 cities engaged in organizing the poor for a living wage , improved housing , jobs , healthcare , better schools and child care .
What angers the Republicans are ACORN ’s voter registration efforts , mostly in poor African - American and Latino neighborhoods .
In the last few years , it has registered about 500,000 voters in poor communities .
ACORN members tend to be tough and focused .
They organize poor families ignored by the politicians , the big contributors and the reporters and pundits who dominate today ’s political dialogue .
While political writers report on the so - called money primary — the contribution competition among the top contenders — ACORN is signing up voters in neighborhoods where the major candidates and journalists seldom venture .
It ’s the hardest kind of political organizing .
The organizers — invariably low paid — must convince the overworked and poor to give up a portion of their limited time to activities such as staging marches , visiting city halls and state capitols and organizing registration drives .
Professor Peter Dreier , director of the Urban and Environmental Policy Program at Occidental College in Los Angeles , told me that “ of all the organizations in the country that represent the poor , except for the labor unions , ACORN is the most effective . ”
With a good political research operation and a grasp of local , state and national politics , ACORN targets its work in swing districts , “ registering voters who are likely to be Democrats , ” Dreier said .
ACORN ’s success woke up New Mexico State Republican Chairman Allen Weh and other state party officials .
They accused ACORN of fraud in the 2004 drive that registered 35,000 potential voters , according to The Albuquerque Tribune .
U.S. Attorney Iglesias investigated the complaints .
He formed a task force that took a close look at more than 300 of them .
In fact , some ACORN workers , who were paid for each person they registered , were n’t too fussy about whom they signed up .
ACORN fired a worker for registering a 13 - year - old boy .
But in January 2005 , The Albuquerque Tribune reported that the U.S. attorney ’s office had said most of the complaints were “ not criminally prosecutable . ”
Unhappy about this , Weh met with Iglesias over coffee .
“ I told him there were well - known instances of voter fraud and people expect them to be prosecuted , ” Weh told the Tribune .
Weh said he then took his complaint to an aide to Karl Rove , President Bush ’s political brain .
“ The next time I saw that [ Rove ] staffer , I said , ‘ Man , you guys need to get a new U.S. attorney .
This guy is hopeless , ’ ” Weh said .
When he saw Rove at a White House function a few months later , Weh asked him about Iglesias .
Rove replied that Iglesias was “ gone , ” Weh told the Tribune .
The Senate Judiciary Committee hearings revealed what had happened .
A firing list was assembled in the White House and the Justice Department , and Iglesias and McKay were on it .
The accusations were phony .
On April 12 , The New York Times reported that the Bush administration campaign had turned up virtually no evidence of an organized operation to fix elections .
In the last five years , only 120 people , most of them Democrats , have been charged .
Only 86 were convicted .
Most of the offenses involved mistakes in filling out registration forms or misunderstood eligibility rules .
Iglesias and McKay refused to use the tremendous power at their disposal to bring indictments on the basis of flimsy evidence .
Unlike the attorney general , and the president , they would not abuse their authority .
Of course they had to be fired .
By WILLIAM LOWTHER in Washington
Last updated at 11:51 08 May 2007
When you 've just made it
sound like the Queen is
more than 200 years old ,
there may be a few ways of
recovering from the gaffe .
But turning to her and giving
her a sly wink is probably not
included in any book of royal
etiquette .
Scroll down for more ...
That 's what happened
yesterday after George Bush mangled
his greeting to the Queen on her
state visit to the U.S .
Stumbling over his words , he
came perilously close to
suggesting that the monarch had toured
the States in 1776 .
And although the President's
following wink was initially
rewarded with a regal glare , the
Queen did at least seem to see
the funny side of the blunder .
After the blunder the President paused and turned to the Queen to acknowledge his gaffe , joking that she " gave me a look that only a mother could give a child . "
Ripples of laughter echoed around those gathered at the event and the President laughed off the mistake and continued his speech .
The monarch and the Duke of Edinburgh flew into the American capital for a two - day stay - the finale of their East Coast trip the other side of the Atlantic .
Scroll down for more ...
They were officially welcomed by Mr Bush and his wife Laura on the lawn of the White House in front of 7,000 guests , from members of Congress to Oval Office staff .
The Queen will deliver a keynote speech before heading to a garden party at the British ambassador 's residence with Hollywood A - listers expected to be among the 750 guests .
In the evening , Mr Bush will don his white tie and tails for the state dinner as he and the First Lady pull out all the stops to entertain the royals .
It is the first white - tie affair of the Bush administration .
But The New York Times has been pondering : " How does George W Bush , a towel - snapping Texan who puts his feet on the coffee table , drinks water straight from the bottle and was once caught on tape talking with food in his mouth , prepare for a state dinner with the Queen ?
" With tips from an etiquette guide , of course - and a little gentle prodding from his wife . "
Mr Bush is the leader who once greeted Prime Minister Tony Blair with : " Yo , Blair .
How are you doing ? "
Scroll down for more ...
It is hoped that gaffe - prone President Bush will manage to host the state visit without any hiccups .
He has n't been so successful in the past , however .
He once admitted to the Queen he was the black sheep of his family and then turned to her and asked " Who 's yours ? "
The encounter came at the White House in 1991 when his father was in power .
The Queen , wisely , did not reply .
Barbara Bush stepped in and warned the monarch : " Do n't answer that . "
President Bush is known for his Texan drawl and informal approach and the Queen 's visit to Washington is the ultimate test of his manners and grasp of royal etiquette .
USA Today remarked today : " The Yanks will endeavour to impress the Brits , the true sultans of ceremony . "
The paper added : " Bush is famous for his opposition to formality and staying up late , but he is nevertheless going all out for the Queen . "
White House aides have apparently described the dinner in the Queen 's honour as the social event of the entire Bush presidency .
George Bush 's father , George Bush Snr , branded it " the hottest ticket in town . "
The Times remarked : " It will be closely watched by the social elite for its collision of cultures - Texas swagger meets British prim .
" Dinner attire is white tie and tails , the first and , perhaps , only white - tie affair of the Bush administration .
" The president was said to be none too keen on that , but bowed to a higher power , his wife . "
Mr Bush apparently likes to be in bed by 10 pm , but the entertainment will stretch well into the evening .
The Bushes have hosted four other state dinners - for Mexico , Poland , the Philippines and Kenya - but never opted for the white - tie dress code before .
Scroll down for more ...
The star entertainment is being kept under wraps .
During the Reagan years , Frank Sinatra sang for the Queen in 1983 on her trip to California .
The Queen danced with President Ford in 1976 , but it is not known whether she will take to the floor with Mr Bush .
Vice President Dick Cheney , secretary of state Condoleezza Rice , defence secretary Robert Gates and General Peter Pace , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , will be among the select 134 guests .
Mrs Bush will be wearing an Oscar da La Renta gown and her staff have co-ordinated with the Queen 's dresser to make sure their outfits do not clash , the Washington Post reports .
Mrs Bush knows the importance of pre-planning her wardrobe .
Last year , three women showed up at a reception she was at in the same red de la Renta dress she was wearing , forcing her to rush off to change .
At the banquet , Mr Bush will sit next to the Queen at Table 12 , while Mrs Bush will join Philip at Table 11 .
The monarch 's dislike of spicy foods has been taken into consideration for the menu , personally selected by Mrs Bush .
The royal visit to DC is likely to be something of a distraction amid controversy over Mr Bush 's veto of Congress 's war funding bill which set a timetable for the withdrawal of US troops from the Gulf .
Washington has also been dealing with the fallout of the " DC Madam " sex scandal which brought the resignation of a top US State Department official who confirmed he had been a client of a woman accused of running a high - class prostitution ring .
The Queen 's last visit to the White House was in 1991 in the wake of the first Gulf War when George Bush Snr was in power .
Whether the Queen will mention Iraq in her speech remains to be seen .
The White House lawn was the site of " Podiumgate " 16 years ago .
As the Queen gave an address all that could be seen of her above the podium and microphones was her hat .
Someone forgot to put the small raised platform in place ready for the royal VIP .
The next day the Queen quipped as she made another speech : " I do hope you can see me today . "
This time , she will stand on a custom - made step .
The Queen praised Mr Bush Snr in 1991 for his " outstanding leadership " in the Gulf conflict and gave reassurances about post - war problems , saying : " great enterprises seldom end with a tidy and satisfactory flourish " .
She also presented him with the Churchill award .
It is not known if the current President Bush will get an award this time .
A Buckingham Palace spokeswoman refused to comment .
While boldly trying to rob an apartment in Hollis , Queens on Thursday , Robert Williams was arrested after a scuffle with residents .
And when police brought him to the station , a sergeant realized he was the prime suspect in the Hamilton Heights rape case , where a 23 - year - old Columbia graduate student was raped and tortured for 19 hours last weekend .
Williams was charged with kidnapping , arson , attempted murder , rape , robbery and sex abuse .
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly revealed some more details about what the rapist did .
He had been waiting for a target in the elevator of the Hamiltion Heights apartment building , saw the graduate student , and then forced his way into the apartment .
From NY1 : " Just as she 's about to fully close the door , he pushes his way in , asks her if this individual he was initially looking for lives in the apartment , " says Police Commissioner Ray Kelly .
" She says , ' no , ' starts to scream .
He puts her in a choke - hold and proceeds to attack her . "
The NY Times reports , " Over the next 19 hours , Mr. Kelly said , the man tied the woman to her bed with computer cables and taped her mouth closed , raped and sodomized her repeatedly , burned her with hot water and bleach , slit her eyelids with scissors , and force - fed her an overdose of ibuprofen or a similar pain reliever . "
And Post says that doctors feared she would need a liver transplant ; a law enforcement source said , " It was the most savage beating where the victim survived .
This is not the act of an insane man , this was the action of an evil man . "
And the rapist also set fire to the apartment , but somehow the woman , even though she was bound by coaxial cables , managed to break free and escape .
Williams was caught by Queens residents when he tried to break into an apartment .
The Daily News reports that cousins Devin Dodson and George Guadalupe ( pictured ) were at home when Williams burst into Guadalupe 's apartment with a hammer .
Other residents helped contain Williams by " beating him up " until the police arrived .
They did n't know he was the rapist until later , causing one of the residents to tell the Post , " If we had known he was a rapist , he would n't have made it off this block . "
Williams had been living in an vacant apartment in the building for the past few days .
During a court appearance , his defense lawyer said Williams did n't speak at all , but when he did mumble , a judge said , " You 'll have a chance to speak at your trial , " to which Williams exclaimed , " I do n't have a chance anyway . "
The judge held Williams without bail .
The rape victim is still scheduled to graduate next month , but she remains in the hospital in stable condition .
One student told NY1 , " Everyone at Columbia was just thinking about her and hoping for a speedy recovery , and just amazed that she was able to endure what she did and get away is just phenomenal . "
And though everyone is glad the suspect has been captured , one student told the NY Times , " I feel relief , but this does n’t mean there is n’t some other psycho out there . "
Summary of Findings
Increased public support for the social safety net , signs of growing public concern about income inequality , and a diminished appetite for assertive national security policies have improved the political landscape for the Democrats as the 2008 presidential campaign gets underway .
At the same time , many of the key trends that nurtured the Republican resurgence in the mid-1990s have moderated , according to Pew ’s longitudinal measures of the public ’s basic political , social and economic values .
The proportion of Americans who support traditional social values has edged downward since 1994 , while the proportion of Americans expressing strong personal religious commitment also has declined modestly .
Even more striking than the changes in some core political and social values is the dramatic shift in party identification that has occurred during the past five years .
In 2002 , the country was equally divided along partisan lines : 43 % identified with the Republican Party or leaned to the GOP , while an identical proportion said they were Democrats .
Today , half of the public ( 50 % ) either identifies as a Democrat or says they lean to the Democratic Party , compared with 35 % who align with the GOP .
Yet the Democrats ’ growing advantage in party identification is tempered by the fact that the Democratic Party ’s overall standing with the public is no better than it was when President Bush was first inaugurated in 2001 .
Instead , it is the Republican Party that has rapidly lost public support , particularly among political independents .
Faced with an unpopular president who is waging an increasingly unpopular war , the proportion of Americans who hold a favorable view of the Republican Party stands at 41 % , down 15 points since January 2001 .
But during that same period , the proportion expressing a positive view of Democrats has declined by six points , to 54 % .
The study of the public ’s political values and attitudes by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press — the most recent in a series of such reports dating back to 1987 — finds a pattern of rising support since the mid-1990s for government action to help disadvantaged Americans .
More Americans believe that the government has a responsibility to take care of people who cannot take care of themselves , and that it should help more needy people even if it means going deeper into debt .
These attitudes have undergone a major change since 1994 , when the Republicans won control of Congress .
In particular , 54 % say the government should help more needy people , even if it adds to the nation ’s debt , up from just 41 % in 1994 .
All party groups are now more supportive of government aid to the poor , though Republicans remain much less supportive than Democrats or independents if it means adding to the deficit .
Despite these favorable shifts in support for more government help for the poor , 69 % agree that “ poor people have become too dependent on government assistance programs . ”
Still , the number in agreement has been declining over the past decade .
More broadly , the poll finds that money worries are rising .
More than four - in - ten ( 44 % ) say they “ do n’t have enough money to make ends meet , ” up from 35 % in 2002 .
While a majority continues to say they are “ pretty well satisfied ” with their personal financial situation , that number is lower than it has been in more than a decade .
In addition , an increasing number of Americans subscribe to the sentiment “ today it ’s really true that the rich just get richer while the poor get poorer . ”
Currently , 73 % concur with that sentiment , up from 65 % five years ago .
Growing concerns about income inequality are most apparent among affluent Americans ; large percentages of lower - income people have long held this opinion .
The new survey also shows that the deep partisan fissure in values and core attitudes revealed in Pew ’s previous survey in 2003 has narrowed slightly .
But Republicans and Democrats remain far apart in their fundamental attitudes toward government , national security , social values , and even in evaluations of personal finances .
Three - in - four ( 74 % ) Republicans with annual incomes of less than $ 50,000 say they are “ pretty well satisfied ” with their financial conditions compared with 40 % of Democrats and 39 % of independents with similar incomes .
Even as Americans express greater commitment to solving domestic problems , they voice more hesitancy about global engagement .
They also are less disposed than five years ago to favor a strong military as the best way to ensure peace .
In 2002 , less than a year after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , more than six - in - ten agreed with the statement , “ The best way to ensure peace is through military strength . ”
Today , about half express similar confidence in military power .
The latest values survey , conducted Dec. 12 , 2006 - Jan. 9 , 2007 , finds a reversal of increased religiosity observed in the mid-1990s .
While most Americans remain religious in both belief and practice , the percentage expressing strong religious beliefs has edged down since the 1990s .
And the survey finds an increase in the relatively small percentage of the public that can be categorized as secular .
In Pew surveys since the beginning of 2006 , 12 % identified themselves as unaffiliated with a religious tradition .
That compares with 8 % in the Pew values survey in 1987 .
This change appears to be generational in nature , with each new generation displaying lower levels of religious commitment than the preceding one .
In addition , political differences in levels of religious commitment are larger now than in years past .
Republicans are at least as religious as they were 10 or 20 years ago , based on the numbers expressing belief in God , citing prayer as important , and other measures .
By contrast , Democrats express lower levels of commitment than in the late 1980s and 1990s .
At the same time , the survey records further declines in traditional social attitudes .
The poll finds greater public acceptance of homosexuality and less desire for women to play traditional roles in society .
Both represent a continuation of trends that have been apparent over the past 20 years , and have occurred mostly among older people .
The younger generations have changed the least , as they have consistently expressed more accepting points of view over the past 20 years .
Divides on some once - contentious issues also appear to be closing .
In 1995 , 58 % said they favored affirmative action programs designed to help blacks , women , and other minorities get better jobs .
That percentage has risen steadily since , and stands at 70 % in the current poll .
Gains in support for affirmative action have occurred to almost the same extent among Republicans ( +8 ) , Democrats ( +10 ) , and Independents ( +14 ) .
Changes nationally in the beliefs of Americans on social , political and religious values tell a revealing but incomplete story .
The proportion of voters who hold certain politically relevant core beliefs varies widely from state to state , further complicating an already complicated 2008 election campaign .
For example , politically conservative , white evangelical Christians make up 10 % of all Republicans and Republican leaners in New Hampshire — currently the first state to hold its presidential primaries in 2008 — but 39 % of all GOP partisans in South Carolina where primary voters go to the polls several days later .
On the Democratic s
ide , the proportion of Democrats who say they are politically liberal ranges from 38 % in California to 25 % in South Carolina .
( See pages 10 - 11 for a fuller ideological profiling of key primary states )
Among other key findings from the wide - ranging survey :
The public expresses highly favorable views of many leading corporations .
Johnson & Johnson and Google have the most positive images of 23 corporations tested .
At the bottom of the list : Halliburton , which is viewed favorably by fewer than half of those familiar enough with the company to give it a rating .
Views of many corporations vary significantly among Democrats along class lines .
Two - thirds of working - class Democrats have a favorable view of Wal - Mart compared with 45 % of professional - class Democrats .
Americans are worried more that businesses rather than government are snooping into their lives .
About three - in - four ( 74 % ) say they are concerned that business corporations are collecting too much personal information while 58 % express the same concern about the government .
The public is losing confidence in itself .
A dwindling majority ( 57 % ) say they have a good deal of confidence in the wisdom of the American people when it comes to making political decisions .
Similarly , the proportion who agrees that Americans “ can always find a way to solve our problems ” has dropped 16 points in the past five years .
Americans feel increasingly estranged from their government .
Barely a third ( 34 % ) agree with the statement , “ most elected officials care what people like me think , ” nearly matching the 20 - year low of 33 % recorded in 1994 and a 10 - point drop since 2002 .
Young people continue to hold a more favorable view of government than do other Americans .
At the same time , young adults express the least interest in voting and other forms of political participation .
Interpersonal racial attitudes continue to moderate .
More than eight - in - ten ( 83 % ) agree that “ it ’s all right for blacks and whites to date , ” up six percentage points since 2003 and 13 points from a Pew survey conducted 10 years ago .
Republicans are increasingly divided over the cultural impact of immigrants .
Nearly seven - in - ten ( 68 % ) conservative Republicans say immigrants threaten American customs , compared with 43 % of GOP moderates and liberals .
Democrats have long been divided along ideological lines , but the GOP previously had not been .
Roadmap to the Report
Section 1 , which begins on p. 7 , describes the striking shift in party identification over the past five years , the public ’s views of both parties , and the ideological profile of the early presidential primary states .
Section 2 , which details the public ’s views of the government safety net , success and empowerment , and personal finances , begins on p. 12 .
Section 3 ( p. 19 ) covers public attitudes toward foreign policy and national security .
Section 4 ( p. 30 ) covers opinions about religion and social issues .
Section 5 ( p. 39 ) describes changing attitudes toward race and race relations .
Section 6 ( p. 45 ) discusses the public ’s complex views about government and political participation .
Opinions about business , and ratings for individual corporations , are covered in Section 7 , which begins on p. 52 .
Section 8 covers public views about civil liberties , the environment , and science .
Brain Ethics has found an intriguing study which suggests that giving people the hormone oxytocin makes them better at reading emotion from other people ’s eyes .
Oxytocin is a hormone that also works as a neurotransmitter , and is known to be involved in bonding experiences .
It is released during sex , and also when mothers breast feed their infants .
A 2005 study published in Nature [ pdf ] suggested that oxytocin increased trustfulness in people playing a co-operative investment game .
This study , published in Biological Psychiatry , is the first to suggest that the a burst of the hormone actually makes us better at perceiving others ’ emotions .
The full text of the study is available online as a pdf file if you want to get more details about the research .
Link to Brain Ethics article ‘ Oxytocin is the window to the soul ’ .
pdf of full - text of scientific study .
Top 10 Most Common Passwords 26 May , 2006 — Stuart Brown
Users : Strong passwords ?
No thanks !
Posted in Security & Hacking , Passwords
Tagged with : password , security , thomas , top , 10 , ten , most , common , arsenal , monkey , charlie , qwerty , 123456 , letmein , liverpool , 123
Life these days has become largely dependent on passwords - whether we 're checking our emails , transferring funds or shopping online , passwords have their part to play .
We 're constantly bombarded with horror stories of security breaches , fraud , and phishing sites .
Users are consistently told that a strong password is essential these days to protect private data .
Why is it , then , that users on websites opt for the same , consistent , insecure passwords time after time ?
Taking an aggregate sample of passwords ( primarily from the UK ) , we take a look at the most commonly occurring .
If you spot your own password listed - it might just be time for a change !
10 . ' thomas ' ( 0.99 ‰ )
First off , at number 10 , is the most common format of passwords - the name .
Thomas is a perennially popular name in the UK ( 2nd most popular in 2000 ) , so it is perhaps no surprise that it makes the top 10 , with nearly 1 in 1,000 people opting for this ubiquitous forename as their password .
We can only guess that there are a lot of fans of Thomas Jefferson or Thomas Edison out there !
The high prevalence of Christian names only further reinforces the fact that loved ones are a common choice when it comes to passwords .
9. ' arsenal ' ( 1.11 ‰ )
Football teams tend to be another popular choice , and the gunners fall in 9th place .
This may or may not be reflective of the fact that the word ' arsenal ' starts with a 4 - letter swear word - another popular choice when it comes to passwords .
Arsenal are ranked 6th overall in average attendance rankings , and are the 2nd most popular football - related password .
8. ' monkey ' ( 1.33 ‰ )
Quite why the monkey makes it into 8th place is beyond me , but the fact that it 's a 6 - letter word ( 6 letters is a typical minimum length for passwords ) , is easily typed and is memorable probably helps cement its position as ideal password material .
Still , it 's quite worrying that there 's such a trend - perhaps the internet and monkeys are inextricably linked ?
7. ' charlie ' ( 1.39 ‰ )
Another name - nowhere near as common a name as No. 10 , Thomas , but it 's our most popular name - based password overall .
Could of course , be a homage to a number of famous Charlies - Chaplin , Sheen , or those of a Chocolate Factory persuasion .
Or , of course , it could just be the case that they 're referring to it 's slang usage .
6. ' qwerty ' ( 1.41 ‰ )
I wonder where the inspiration for this one came from ?
Perhaps when faced with a blinking cursor and an instruction to choose a password people will tend to look to the things closest to them - which would explain why 1 in 700 people choose ' qwerty ' as their password .
5. ' 123456 ' ( 1.63 ‰ )
Using Bloom Filters
Anyone who has used Perl for any length of time is familiar with the lookup hash , a handy idiom for doing existence tests :
foreach my $e ( @things ) { $ lookup{$e} + +
} sub check { my ( $ key ) = @_ ; print " Found $ key ! " if exists ( $ lookup { $ key } ) ; }
As useful as the lookup hash is , it can become unwieldy for very large lists or in cases where the keys themselves are large .
When a lookup hash grows too big , the usual recourse is to move it to a database or flat file , perhaps keeping a local cache of the most frequently used keys to improve performance .
Many people do n’t realize that there is an elegant alternative to the lookup hash , in the form of a venerable algorithm called a Bloom filter .
Bloom filters allow you to perform membership tests in just a fraction of the memory you ’d need to store a full list of keys , so you can avoid the performance hit of having to use a disk or database to do your lookups .
As you might suspect , the savings in space comes at a price : you run an adjustable risk of false positives , and you ca n’t remove a key from a filter once you ’ve added it in .
But in the many cases where those constraints are acceptable , a Bloom filter can make a useful tool .
For example , imagine you run a high - traffic online music store along the lines of iTunes , and you want to minimize the stress on your database by only fetching song information when you know the song exists in your collection .
You can build a Bloom filter at startup , and then use it as a quick existence check before trying to perform an expensive fetching operation :
use Bloom :: Filter ; my $ filter = Bloom : : Filter -> new ( error_rate => 0.01 , capacity => $ SONG_COUNT ) ; open my $ fh , " enormous_list_of_titles.txt " or die " Failed to open : $ ! " ; while ( < $ fh > ) { chomp ; $ filter - > add ( $ _ ) ; } sub lookup_song { my ( $ title ) = @_ ; return unless $ filter -> check ( $ title ) ; return expensive_db_query ( $ title ) or undef ; }
In this example , there ’s a 1 % chance that the test will give a false positive , which means the program will perform the expensive fetch operation and eventually return a null result .
Still , you ’ve managed to avoid the expensive query 99 % of the time , using only a fraction of the memory you would have needed for a lookup hash .
As we ’ll see further on , a filter with a 1 % error rate requires just under 2 bytes of storage per key .
That ’s far less memory than you would need for a lookup hash .
Bloom filters are named after Burton Bloom , who first described them in a 1970 paper entitled Space / time trade - offs in hash coding with allowable errors .
In those days of limited memory , Bloom filters were prized primarily for their compactness ; in fact , one of their earliest applications was in spell checkers .
However , there are less obvious features of the algorithm that make it especially well - suited to applications in social software .
Because Bloom filters use one - way hashing to store their data , it is impossible to reconstruct the list of keys in a filter without doing an exhaustive search of the keyspace .
Even that is unlikely to be of much help , since the false positives from an exhaustive search will swamp the list of real keys .
Bloom filters therefore make it possible to share information about what you have without broadcasting a complete list of it to the world .
For that reason , they may be especially valuable in peer - to - peer applications , where both size and privacy are important constraints .
How Bloom Filters Work
A Bloom filter consists of two components : a set of k hash functions and a bit vector of a given length .
We choose the length of the bit vector and the number of hash functions depending on how many keys we want to add to the set and how high an error rate we are willing to put up with – more on that a little bit further on .
All of the hash functions in a Bloom filter are configured so that their range matches the length of the bit vector .
For example , if a vector is 200 bits long , the hash functions return a value between 1 and 200 .
It ’s important to use high - quality hash functions in the filter to guarantee that output is equally distributed over all possible values – “ hot spots ” in a hash function would increase our false - positive rate .
To enter a key into a Bloom filter , we run it through each one of the k hash functions and treat the result as an offset into the bit vector , turning on whatever bit we find at that position .
If the bit is already set , we leave it on .
There ’s no mechanism for turning bits off in a Bloom filter .
As an example , let ’s take a look at a Bloom filter with three hash functions and a bit vector of length 14 .
We ’ll use spaces and asterisks to represent the bit vector , to make it easier to follow along .
As you might expect , an empty Bloom filter starts out with all the bits turned off , as seen in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 . An empty Bloom filter .
Let ’s now add the string apples into our filter .
To do so , we hash apples through each of our three hash functions and collect the output :
hash1 ( " apples " ) = 3 hash2 ( " apples " ) = 12 hash3 ( " apples " ) = 11
Then we turn on the bits at the corresponding positions in the vector – in this case bits 3 , 11 , and 12 , as shown in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 . A Bloom filter with three bits enabled .
To add another key , such as plums , we repeat the hashing procedure :
hash1 ( " plums " ) = 11 has h2 ( " plums " ) = 1 hash3 ( " plums " ) = 8
And again turn on the appropriate bits in the vector , as shown with highlights in Figure 3 .
Figure 3 . The Bloom filter after adding a second key .
Notice that the bit at position 11 was already turned on – we had set it when we added apples in the previous step .
Bit 11 now does double duty , storing information for both apples and plums .
As we add more keys , it may store information for some of them as well .
This overlap is what makes Bloom filters so compact – any one bit may be encoding multiple keys simultaneously .
This overlap also means that you can never take a key out of a filter , because you have no guarantee that the bits you turn off do n’t carry information for other keys .
If we tried to remove apples from the filter by reversing the procedure we used to add it in , we would inadvertently turn off one of the bits that encodes plums .
The only way to strip a key out of a Bloom filter is to rebuild the filter from scratch , leaving out the offending key .
Checking to see whether a key already exists in a filter is exactly analogous to adding a new key .
We run the key through our set of hash functions , and then check to see whether the bits at those offsets are all turned on .
If any of the bits is off , we know for certain the key is not in the filter .
If all of the bits are on , we know the key is probably there .
I say “ probably ” because there ’s a certain chance our key might be a false positive .
For example , let ’s see what happens when we test our filter for the string mango .
We run mango through the set of hash functions :
hash1 ( " mango " ) = 8 hash2 ( " mango " ) = 3 hash3 ( " mango " ) = 12
And then examine the bits at those offsets , as shown in Figure 4 .
Figure 4 . A false positive in the Bloom filter .
All of the bits at positions 3 , 8 , and 12 are on , so our filter will report that mango is a valid key .
Of course , mango is not a valid key – the filter we built contains only apples and plums .
The fact that the offsets for mango point to enabled bits is just coincidence .
We have found a false positive – a key that seems to be in the filter , but is n’t really there .
As you might expect , the false - positive rate depends on the bit vector length and the number of keys stored in the filter .
The roomier the bit vector , the smaller the probability that all k bits we check will be on , unless the key actually exists in the filter .
The relationship between the number of hash functions and the false - positive rate is more subtle .
If you use too few hash functions , there wo n’t be enough discrimination between keys ; but if you use too many , the filter will be very dense , increasing the probability of collisions .
You can calculate the false - positive rate for any filter using the formula :
c = ( 1 - e( - kn /m ) )
k
Where c is the false positive rate , k is the number of hash functions , n is the number of keys in the filter , and m is the length of the filter in bits .
When using Bloom filters , we very frequently have a desired false - positive rate in mind and we are also likely to have a rough idea of how many keys we want to add to the filter .
We need some way of finding out how large a bit vector is to make sure the false - positive rate never exceeds our limit .
The following equation will give us vector length from the error rate and number of keys :
m = - kn / ( ln( 1 - c ^ 1/k ) )
You ’ll notice another free variable here : k , the number of hash functions .
It ’s possible to use calculus to find a minimum for k , but there ’s a lazier way to do it :
sub calculate_shortest_filter_length { my ( $ num_keys , $ error_rate ) = @_ ; my $ lowest_m ; my $ best_k = 1 ; foreach my $k ( 1..100 ) { my $m = ( - 1 * $k * $ num_keys ) / ( log( 1 - ( $error_rate ** ( 1/$ k ) ) ) ) ; if ( ! defined $ lowest_m or ( $m < $ lowest_m ) ) { $ lowest_m = $ m ; $ best_k = $ k ; } } return ( $ lowest_m , $ best_k ) ; }
To give you a sense of how error rate and number of keys affect the storage size of Bloom filters , Table 1 lists some sample vector sizes for a variety of capacity / error rate combinations .
Error Rate Keys Required Size Bytes / Key 1 % 1 K 1.87 K 1.9 0.1 % 1 K 2.80 K 2.9 0.01 % 1 K 3.74 K 3.7 0.01 % 10 K 37.4 K 3.7 0.01 % 100K 374 K 3.7 0.01 % 1M 3.74 M 3.7 0.001 % 1 M 4.68 M 4.7 0.0001 % 1M 5.61 M 5.7
You can find further lookup tables for various combinations of error rate , filter size , and number of hash functions at Bloom Filters – the math .
Building a Bloom Filter in Perl
To make a working Bloom filter , we need a good set of hash functions
These are easy to come by – there are several excellent hashing algorithms available on CPAN .
For our purposes , a good choice is Digest : : SHA1 , a cryptographically strong hash with a fast C implementation .
We can use the module to create as many hash functions as we like by salting the input with a list of distinct values .
Here ’s a subroutine that builds a list of unique hash functions :
use Digest :: SHA1 qw / sha1 / ; sub make_hashing_functions { my ( $ count ) = @_ ; my @functions ; for my $ salt ( 1..$ count ) { push @functions , sub { sha1 ( $ salt , $ _ [ 0 ] ) } ; } return @functions ; }
To be able to use these hash functions , we have to find a way to control their range .
Digest ::SHA1 returns an embarrassingly lavish 160 bits of hashed output , useful only in the unlikely case that our vector is 2160 bits long .
We ’ll use a combination of bit chopping and division to scale the output down to a more usable size .
Here ’s a subroutine that takes a key , runs it through a list of hash functions , and returns a bitmask of length $ FILTER_LENGTH :
sub make_bitmask { my ( $ key ) = @_ ; my $ mask = pack ( " b* " , ' 0 ' x $ FILTER_LENGTH ) ; foreach my $ hash_function ( @functions ) { my $ hash = $ hash_function - >( $ key ) ; my $ chopped = unpack ( " N " , $ hash ) ; my $ bit_offset = $ result % $ FILTER_LENGTH ; vec ( $ mask , $ bit_offset , 1 ) = 1 ; } return $ mask ; }
That ’s a dense stretch of code , so let ’s look at it line by line :
my $ mask = pack ( " b* " , ' 0 ' x $ FILTER_LENGTH ) ;
We start by using Perl ’s pack operator to create a zeroed bit vector that is $ FILTER_LENGTH bits long .
pack takes two arguments , a template and a value .
The b in our template tells pack that we want it to interpret the value as bits , and the * indicates “ repeat as often as necessary , ” just like in a regular expression .
Perl will actually pad our bit vector to make its length a multiple of eight , but we ’ll ignore those superfluous bits .
With a blank bit vector in hand , we ’re ready to start running our key through the hash functions .
my $ hash = $ hash_function - >( $ key ) ; my $ chopped = unpack ( " N " , $ hash ) ;
We ’re keeping the first 32 bits of the output and discarding the rest .
This prevents us from having to require BigInt support further along .
The second line does the actual bit chopping .
The N in the template tells unpack to extract a 32 - bit integer in network byte order .
Because we do n’t provide any quantifier in the template , unpack will extract just one integer and then stop .
If you are extra , super paranoid about bit chopping , you could split the hash into five 32 - bit pieces and XOR them together , preserving all the information in the original hash :
my $ chopped = pack ( " N " , 0 ) ; my @pieces = map { pack ( " N " , $ _ ) } unpack ( " N* " , $ hash ) ; $ chopped = $ _ ^ $ chopped foreach @pieces ;
But this is probably overkill .
Now that we have a list of 32 - bit integer outputs from our hash functions , all we have to do is scale them down with the modulo operator so they fall in the range ( 1.. $ FILTER_LENGTH ) .
my $ bit_offset = $ chopped % $ FILTER_LENGTH ;
Now we ’ve turned our key into a list of bit offsets , which is exactly what we were after .
The only thing left to do is to set the bits using vec , which takes three arguments : the vector itself , a starting position , and the number of bits to set .
We can assign a value to vec like we would to a variable :
vec ( $ mask , $ bit_offset , 1 ) = 1 ;
After we ’ve set all the bits , we wind up with a bitmask that is the same length as our Bloom filter .
We can use this mask to add the key into the filter :
sub add { my ( $ key , $ filter ) = @_ ; my $ mask = make_bitmask ( $ key ) ; $ filter = $ filter | $ mask ; }
Or we can use it to check whether the key is already present :
sub check { my ( $ key , $ filter ) = @_ ; my $ mask = make_bitmask ( $ key ) ; my $ found = ( ( $ filter & $ mask ) eq $ mask ) ; return $ found ; }
Note that those are the bitwise OR ( | ) and AND ( & ) operators , not the more commonly used logical OR ( || ) and AND ( && ) operators .
Getting the two mixed up can lead to hours of interesting debugging .
The first example ORs the mask against the bit vector , turning on any bits that are n’t already set .
The second example compares the mask to the corresponding positions in the filter – if all of the on bits in the mask are also on in the filter , we know we ’ve found a match .
Once you get over the intimidation factor of using vec , pack , and the bitwise operators , Bloom filters are actually quite straightforward .
Listing 1 shows a complete object - oriented implementation called Bloom : : Filter .
Bloom Filters in Distributed Social Networks
One drawback of existing social network schemes is that they require participants to either divulge their list of contacts to a central server ( Orkut , Friendster ) or publish it to the public Internet ( FOAF ) , in both cases sacrificing a great deal of privacy .
By exchanging Bloom filters instead of explicit lists of contacts , users can participate in social networking experiments without having to admit to the world who their friends are .
A Bloom filter encoding someone ’s contact information can be checked to see whether it contains a given name or email address , but it ca n’t be coerced into revealing the full list of keys that were used to build it .
It ’s even possible to turn the false - positive rate , which may not sound like a feature , into a powerful tool .
Suppose that I am very concerned about people trying to reverse - engineer my social network by running a dictionary attack against my Bloom filter .
I can build my filter with a prohibitively high false - positive rate ( 50 % , for example ) and then arrange to send multiple copies of my Bloom filter to friends , varying the hash functions I use to build each filter .
The more filters my friends collect , the lower the false - positive rate they will see .
For example , with five filters the false - positive rate will be ( 0.5 ) 5 , or 3 % – and I can reduce the rate further by sending out more filters .
If any one of the filters is intercepted , it will register the full 50 % false - positive rate .
So I am able to hedge my privacy risk across several interactions , and have some control over how accurately other people can see my network .
My friends can be sure with a high degree of certainty whether someone is on my contact list , but someone who manages to snag just one or two of my filters will learn almost nothing about me .
Here ’s a Perl function that checks a key against a set of noisy filters :
use Bloom :: Filter ; sub check_noisy_filters { my ( $ key , @filters ) = @_ ; foreach my $ filter ( @filters ) { return 0 unless $ filter -> check ( $ key ) ; } return 1 ; }
If you and your friends agree to use the same filter length and set of hash functions , you can also use bitwise comparisons to estimate the degree of overlap between your social networks .
The number of shared on bits in two Bloom filters will give a usable measure of the distance between them .
sub shared_on_bits { my ( $ filter_1 , $ filter_2 ) = @_ ; return unpack ( " %32b * " , $ filter_1 & $ filter_2 ) }
Additionally , you can combine two Bloom filters that have the same length and hash functions with the bitwise OR operator to create a composite filter .
For example , if you participate in a small mailing list and want to create a whitelist from the address books of everyone in the group , you can have each participant create a Bloom filter individually and then OR the filters together into a Voltron - like master list .
None of the members of the group will know who the other members ’ contacts are , and yet the filter will exhibit the correct behavior .
There are sure to be other neat Bloom filter tricks with potential applications to social networking and distributed applications .
The references below list a few good places to start mining .
The protest was in some ways another challenge to the Shiite clerical hierarchy , showing that in the new Iraq , a violent young upstart like Mr. Sadr can command the masses right in the backyard of venerable clerics like Ayatollah Sistani .
Mr. Sadr has increasingly tapped into a powerful desire among Shiites to stand up forcefully to both the American presence and militant Sunnis , and to ignore calls for moderation from older clerics .
Lt. Col. Christopher Garver , an American military spokesman in Baghdad , said that American officers had helped officials in Najaf plan security for the event , but that the Iraqis had taken the lead .
Colonel Garver and other American officials tried to put the best possible light on the event , despite the fiery words .
“ We say that we ’re here to support democracy , ” he said .
“ We say that free speech and freedom of assembly are part of that .
While we do n’t necessarily agree with the message , we agree with their right to say it . ”
The protest unfolded as heavy fighting continued in parts of Diwaniya , a southern city where American and Iraqi forces have been battling cells of the Mahdi Army since Friday .
Mr. Sadr issued a statement on Sunday calling for the Mahdi militiamen and the Iraqi forces there to stop fighting each other , but those words went unheeded .
Gun battles broke out on Monday , and an American officer said at a news conference that at least one American soldier had been killed and one wounded in four days of clashes .
That fighting and the protest in Najaf , as well as Mr. Sadr ’s mysterious absence , raise questions about how much control he actually maintains over his militia .
Mr. Sadr is obviously still able to order huge numbers of people into the streets , but there has been talk that branches of his militia have split off and now operate independently .
In Baghdad , some Mahdi Army cells have refrained in the last two months from attacking Americans and carrying out killings of Sunni Arabs , supposedly on orders from Mr. Sadr , but bodies of Sunnis have begun reappearing in some neighborhoods in recent weeks .
The protest in Najaf was made up mostly of young men , many of whom drove down from the sprawling Sadr City section of Baghdad , some 100 miles north , the previous night .
They gathered Monday morning in the town of Kufa , where Mr. Sadr has his main mosque , and walked a few miles to Sadrain Square in Najaf .
Protesters stomped on American flags and burned them .
“ No , no America ; leave , leave occupier , ” they chanted .
At Sadrain Square , the protesters listened to a statement read over loudspeakers that was attributed to Mr. Sadr .
Stob Last month , Kiwi programmer David Harris officially threw in the towel .
After 17 years , he announced he was ceasing development of Pegasus Mail , the famous , free - as - in - beer , email program .
( That Mr Harris subsequently retrieved the towel , now damp in patches and covered in other people 's hairs , I will get around to in a moment .
Stop hassling me already .
You 'll make me want another puff of Ventolin . )
Now Peg and I go back a long way .
I remember the state of small company email in the early 1990s when it was creeping across faltering , coaxial - cabled LANs .
Without Peg , it was a notably unsatisfactory creeper .
One early attempt from you - know - who was called ' MS Mail ' and came bundled free with ( I think ) Windows for Workgroups .
A test message from one MS Mail client to another on our teeny 10 - PC LAN took five hours to arrive – and this with me poking and cajoling at both ends .
To mitigate this sluggishness , one could buy an expensive " post office " server component .
But as this server application ran only on OS / 2 , which at that stage Microsoft marketing people were denouncing as the OS equivalent of Polonium , one detected a lack of sincerity .
I remember we also experimented with Lotus 's market - leading cc: Mail .
The cc : Mail client was also notable for extreme slowness , and an innovative toolbar filled with many ugly , indecipherable picture - buttons called " SmartIcons " ( because you smarted with fury while you looked for the ones meaning " Send " or " Reply " , which were n't there ) .
Although it only took about 15 minutes to send mail across the LAN , cc: Mail failed Verity 's entry - level usability test for office email : even colleagues who had quarrelled badly , and could n't look at each other , would mutter a few grudging words to each other rather than use it .
Then I found Pegasus Mail for Windows .
Peg was my first experience of free software that decisively knocks its commercial rivals into a cocked hat ( my most recent , and arguably most tardy , was subverting sodding SourceSafe . )
When run up , Peg instantly sniffed out the Netware network , and knew one 's user id , and who one could write to .
When it sent an email , that email arrived at the other end right now just as it should .
An optional popup dialog prodded the recipient to read it even if the recipient did n't have Peg running ( this sounds ghastly now , but was a must - have feature in the very early days when I was struggling to get my users to read their messages ) .
Furthermore , using a fragile combination of hand - woven batch files , a dodgy email header parser written in Turbo C , and a scary Pegasus for DOS config program ( for some reason , the Windows client would n't do this bit ) , I discovered that I could yoke Pegasus into the SMTP part of our shiny - new - but - hideous - to - use Demon Internet KA9Q account .
Suddenly , email was more than just a complex and unsatisfactory alternative to leaving a Post - It note on a colleague 's VDU .
For all its slickness and efficiency , Peg never lacked the human touch .
Its signature feature , the little horsey that lives in the corner of the screen and flaps its wings when you get an email , must have been a post - Windows 95 addition .
But I think that even that first 16 - bit Windows client had a more literal signature feature : the rather cutesy ability , invariably employed by David Harris himself , of appending a random quotation to the bottom of each outgoing message .
( Actually , I have rarely used this .
The Pegasus pseudo - random number generator has a capricious streak , and delights in setting up awkward juxtapositions and inappropriate moods . )
Dear Ian , Further to our meeting this morning , I would like to record that I am extremely disappointed with my proposed pay rise .
I look forward to discussing this matter on a more sensible basis in the very near future .
Verity -- ' Masturbation ?
Do n't knock it , it 's sex with someone you love . '
– Woody Allen , Annie Hall .
After I discovered and set up Peg at my workplace , I began proselytising Peg ( and to a lesser extent its stable mate , a mail server called Mercury ) to my friends .
In the mid 1990s , I installed – in exchange for drinks or nominal sums – internet mail systems at about six or seven little companies .
Getting people to accept my labour and expertise more or less for free was a surprisingly uphill struggle .
Some of my less cerebral pals were , astonishingly , not impressed when I pointed out that you could get a Peg add - on to enable you to play chess by email .
I remember I eventually convinced a certain friend that he was being provincial only by pointing out that the very president of the United States now had his own email address , to which I , as a Pegasus user , could write whenever I chose :
To:president@whitehouse.gov
Dear Bill , Just a quick note to urge you , notwithstanding your current elevation , always to strive to be considerate to those around you .
For example : regarding that nice young intern you were telling me about : why not splash out on a dress for her ?
Verity -- ' I am parshial to ladies if they are nice I suppose it is my nature .
I am not quite a gentleman but you would hardly notice it but cant be helped anyhow . '
– Daisy Ashford , The Young Visiteurs .
Those Pegimania years ( as that period will be called when my History of Computing Studies course – a lightweight , modern alternative to the scholastically intense trio of History of Art , Computer Science and Media Studies – is rightfully accepted by academia ) lasted right up until the early 21st century .
There were occasional setbacks .
Peg for Mac was n't much cop , so one gracefully gave way to rival Eudora when dealing with the Apple - afflicted ; I lost the odd misguided punter to the vulgarity of Netscape 's HTML - obsessed Messenger ; occasionally a company allowed its BOFHish IT department to impose Notes on its unhappy users .
But none of this impacted on my Pegbase very much .
It did n't occur to me that Outlook would get anywhere .
After all , I had tried it .
What I overlooked , of course , is that age - old question : what do they know of Outlook who only Outlook know ?
Seven years of receiving undecipherable binary e-turds called ' winmail.dat ' ; of hearing about problems caused by Outlook 's susceptibility to malware , then hearing about much bigger problems caused by Outlook 's hastily revamped security ; of reading Microsoft blogs that are so assured that they can discuss the apparently - vexed issue of deleting Outlook folders without fear of getting the surely - deserved riposte " … or just use an emailer that works ' " ; these things have proved me wrong in shovels .
And so we reach this current pretty pass : where , after an extended period of sending out what amounted to begging emails to his users , David Harris decided to quit the game .
Because I told you a partial fib back there .
Pegasus Mail has never been quite free - as - in - beer ; it always came with a small uuencoded attachment of moral blackmail .
Mr Harris 's peculiar business model depended on the – frankly batty – idea that , once one had evaluated a product and invested the time learning how to use it , one would then feel the urge to buy a manual .
Apart from anything else , Peg 's help system is perfectly fine , notwithstanding pages of bad jokes and school - ma ' am - ish instruction on netiquette , and of course Vista .hlp incompatibility that is about to stuff everyone .
Mr Harris should long ago either gone shareware or open source and have done with it .
To be fair , I think he now admits this error , so we both enjoy the precious gift of 20/20 hindsight .
Another difficulty with Peg is that the years of just - one - man development have taken their toll .
I wo n't list Peg 's defects here , lest a myriad of the Outlook faithful out there pause in their futile attempts to delete their folders and pelt me with jeering hate - Winmail .dats .
However , I would like to apologise to fellow Peggers for the longstanding problem with the vertical scrollbar in the message filters listbox .
I clicked on it too vigorously in about 1998 and it came off in my mouse .
David Harris now says that , following " an absolute avalanche of mail , phone calls , faxes " wanting him to continue , he is thinking about carrying on with Pegasus .
I would like to send him a personal message , techie - to - techie , in case he happens to read this .
Everybody else : this is private , so please stop reading now , and go back to your work , and I 'll see you next time .
Dear Mr Harris
You do n't know me , but I am one of your longest - standing users and Pegasus 's keenest evangelists .
I write to urge you to ignore these siren voices encouraging you to carry on .
The truth is , though you may not feel it , you have been working at Pegasus for too long .
Give it up .
Do something else to earn your money .
By all means put Peg onto Sourceforge if you like .
But do n't try to keep control .
Be proud and content , and please accept our thanks .
It is always melancholy when you come to the end of something , but when you do , it is best to be brisk and get on with it .
Let 's do it together .
Over the next few weeks , I will be closing down our old email system and moving it across to a new one .
You have read the last words of an old Pegger ; henceforth Thunderbird Is Go. Best wishes and good luck Verity -- ' Little Willie from his mirror licked the mercury right off / Thinking in his childish error it would cure the whooping cough /
At his funeral his mother smartly said to Mrs Brown / " Twas a chilly day for Willie when the mercury went down . " '
– Anon
®
Stob on The Reg
Verity Stob book - does not include free Pegasus manual
Funny on other blogs :
Privacy Policy
World 's Craziest Body Paintings
Published on 4/4/2007
Submit to : Del.icio.us Netscape Furl Facebook Send by Email
It has all the ingredients of a Christmas miracle : not only a virginal mother but an expected late December due date .
This time , however , the mother in question is Flora , a Komodo dragon .
Flora has astonished keepers at her home , Chester Zoo , by laying a clutch of seemingly viable eggs , despite having no mate .
" Essentially , what we have here is an imminent virgin birth and , because the eggs were laid back in May , it is not beyond the realms of possibility that the incubating eggs could hatch around Christmas time , " said Kevin Buley , the zoo 's curator of lower vertebrates and invertebrates .
" We will be on the look out for shepherds , wise men and an unusually bright star in the sky over Chester Zoo . "
When Flora laid the 11 eggs , keepers discovered they contained embryos .
Tests carried out by University of Liverpool scientists showed that Flora was both the mother and the father , a system of reproduction known as parthenogenesis .
Parthenogenesis - a term combining the Greek words for virgin and birth - occurs in some inspects , such as bees , as well as a limited number of vertebrates .
A few other lizard species can reproduce without a male , but this is one of the very first times it has ever been reported in Komodo dragons .
In April , four Komodo dragons were born to a female , Sungai , who had not had a mate for two years .
Sungai later went on to have young via traditional reproduction with a male .
The products of parthenogenesis are not clones , although they have exactly the same genetic make - up as the mother .
All Flora 's young could be different .
The news , details of which will be published next week in the journal Nature , had " very important implications for understanding how reptiles are potentially able to colonise new areas " , Mr Buley said .
" Theoretically , a female Komodo dragon in the wild could swim to a new island and then establish an entirely new population of dragons .
" The genetics of parthenogenesis in lizards means that all her hatchlings would have to be male .
" These would grow up to mate with their own mother and therefore , within one generation , there would potentially be a population able to reproduce normally on the new island . "
Correction Appended
A planet around a distant star appears inexplicably puffy , astronomers reported yesterday .
The planet is wider than Jupiter .
But with half the mass , it is less dense than cork .
In a cosmic bathtub , it would float .
The astronomers said they were baffled about how the planet formed and how it remained so puffy .
“ The short answer is , I have no idea , ” said Dimitar Sasselov , a professor of astronomy at Harvard and a member of the research team .
“ It ’s a very strange planet . ”
The planet , designated HAT - P - 1 , was found orbiting a star 450 light - years away in the constellation Lacerta .
It is the second of its kind that has been located .
The first was found circling the star HD 209458 in 1999 .
Two things you need to do .
First : Contact the Attorney General 's office , and fill out a formal complaint against them , detailing everything that occurred from when you first registered the domain to now .
Here is a helpful link to the Connecticut one
They will launch an investigation into them and send several unsettling letters to the company .
This will pretty much light a fire under them and they may be more willing to stop whatever it is they are doing .
Second : Contact the Consumer Protection Agency for your area and the Better Business BureauIf this company gets a bad reputation through either of these organizations , the company will pretty much be destroyed and never be able to operate again .
If they are found of any wrong doing , these organizations will drag them through court , resulting in heavy fines and or jail time for the owners .
Just plain legal action with a lawyer is not enough , and may not even get you anywhere except for getting huge legal fees .
However , with the aid of several government and private agencies that have lots of money , lawyers , and connections you can ensure that something will be done and that this ' business ' will no longer take advantage of others .
We 've migrated most of our American Memory collections to new presentations .
For a full list of all digitized collections at the Library of Congress , please go to https://www.loc.gov/collections/
While the Internet still retains some of the “ wild wild west ” feel , increasingly Internet activity , and particular blogging , is being shaped and governed by state and federal laws .
For US bloggers in particular , blogging has become a veritable land mine of potential legal issues , and the situation is n’t helped by the fact that the law in this area is constantly in flux .
In this article we highlight twelve of the most important US laws when it comes to blogging and provide some simple and straightforward tips for safely navigating them .
Whether to Disclose Paid Posts :
Over the last five years bloggers have begun to displace traditional media outlets as individuals ’ source for reliable information and recommendations .
This development has created big opportunities for advertisers to get bloggers to endorse a product or service , primarily through posts or affiliate links .
But as the practice and influence of bloggers has grown , US law has come to govern this area .
What is the law ?
The Federal Trade Commission published a recommendation that companies who promote their product through word - of - mouth marketing must disclose these relationships .
The recommendation applies explicitly to blogging , meaning that bloggers must disclose the fact that they are being paid to promote or review a product whenever that is the case .
PayPerPost and ReviewMe are websites that link advertisers up with bloggers that want to earn money for writing about their products .
In light of the FTC recommendation , PayPerPost and ReviewMe bloggers are now required to disclose the fact that they are being paid for their endorsement .
But beyond these two sites , there is a much larger industry of “ Buzz Advertising ” which takes place through informal emails and payments between bloggers .
The letter of the FTC recommendation includes these informal payments as well , meaning that even under the table reviews must be disclosed .
But considering that to date no blogger has been prosecuted for violating the FTC ’s recommendation , it is n’t yet clear how strict the FTC is going to be or the punishments that will be imposed .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER claim that you are an objective , unbiased source if you are being paid to provide information .
ALWAYS make it easy for your readers to distinguish between advertising and editorial content .
CONSIDER that even though the FTC ’s paid review disclosure recommendation does n’t appear to apply to links , meaning that webmasters are n’t required to “ NoFollow ” the paid links they give as of now , scholars at the University of Chicago Law School are currently discussing this as a future development for e-commerce law .
Is Deep Linking Legal :
One of the biggest advantages that blogging has over traditional media is the convention to include links in an article which connect the reader directly with the source .
The links could direct the reader to a file , a different page on the same site or to a new site altogether .
Despite the generally helpful nature of linking and the internet ’s open platform , however , linking is not free from US government regulation .
What is the law ?
The biggest issues in linking right now revolve around copyright law and deep linking .
Deep linking involves a blogger who places a link on his site that leads not to the front door of a site ( e.g. AvivaDirectory.com ) , but instead to a particular page within that site ( e.g. www.AvivaDirectory.com/successful-blog-launch).
Currently , there is no law that explicitly bans all deep linking to content you do not own .
However , courts have declared that individual deep links are in violation of state law if they are not cited correctly .
Thus , it is clear that passing off someone else ’s work as your own by linking to a site in a manner in which it appears that the linked to content is a part of your site , is considered copyright infringement and it violates state laws that govern competitive business practices .
But , it also appears that if you make it clear that the deep link you are providing is n’t to your own site then you are in the clear .
The leading case in this area is Ticketmaster Corp. v. Tickets.com , Inc. where TicketMaster argued that a deep link by Tickets.com to a TicketMaster actual ticket purchase page was a copyright infringement because traffic was routed through the back door of the site .
Thus far , however , no court has found that deep linking by a blogger is a copyright infringement or trespass .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER claim that a page or site is your work unless it actually is .
ALWAYS clearly distinguish between your work and someone else ’s.
CONSIDER that deep linking is a pretty well - established blogging practice , so if you ’re deep linking to other bloggers or newspapers , you ’re probably fine .
But that does n’t mean that every other blogger knows the law , so you ’re likely to get an occasional angry email .
If you want to play it ultrasafe , consider emailing the webmaster for permission and including a front page link next to your deep link .
The Legal Use of Images and Thumbnails : Images are an important way to make your posts visually more appealing and to keep the reader interested and engaged .
Often , rather than creating the images they use themselves , bloggers simply use other images that they find or purchase online .
Because of the obvious copyright issues with just copy and pasting someone else ’s picture from their site to yours without permission ( it ’s a clear violation of US law ) , bloggers have come up with two alternative techniques for using the images of others , inline linking and thumbnails .
Inline linking is a way of linking in which the picture appears on your blog as though it were part of the page the reader is viewing , but in fact the image is pulled from another site altogether when the page is loaded .
Thumbnails , are simply smaller lower quality versions of the same image which link to the source .
What is the law ?
Unfortunately , the law on inline linking is n’t straightforward .
With image links courts are concerned both with copyright infringement and trademark infringement , which in simple terms means they want to stop bloggers from passing off someone else ’s name or trademark as their own .
At this point , the only way to be safe is to get permission directly from the creator of the work or to get your images through sites like Flickr which offers creative commons images or istockphoto where you can cheaply purchase royalty - free images .
The law on thumbnails is a bit clearer .
As long as you are actually creating thumbnails , which have standardized dimensions , and are n’t just reducing the size of an image slightly , a US Circuit court has held that thumbnailing is protected under the fair use exception of Copyright Law .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER inline link or upload images that do n’t belong to you , without the owner ’s permission .
ALWAYS purchase or use creative license pictures if possible .
CONSIDER that even though courts have stated that thumbnails CAN fall under the fair use exception , it does n’t mean that all thumbnails are necessarily legal .
There are four factors that court ’s use to decide if something qualifies for fair use , and given that only a few courts have considered the issue , do n’t be surprised if some thumbnails that do n’t meet the four factors are deemed illegal .
Laws that Protect You From Stolen Content :
There ’s nothing more infuriating than seeing the article you worked on for hours and hours appear in full on another site without any credit given .
Even worse , is when their version of the article shows up higher in search engine rankings than yours .
Thankfully , copyright law protects original expression , providing you with a legal recourse if your content is stolen .
What is the law ?
Your work is protected under copyright as soon as it ’s created .
No record or registration with the U.S. Copyright office is required for this protection .
However , you can register your work with the U.S. Copyright Office to create a public record of your claim .
If you believe that your work has been stolen , you can file a copyright infringement lawsuit against the offending party .
These cases are treated as strict liability tort , meaning you only need to prove that the copying occurred , the intent of the offense is irrelevant .
Most successful lawsuits result in monetary awards along with injunctions against future infringing uses .
Usually the important question is n’t whether you can win your case , its whether its worth enforcing your judgment .
By and large it is impractical to enforce a judgment on someone in a third - world country simply because the cost of pursuing the claim is a lot more expensive than anything you ’ll ever get out of it , that is , even if you can get jurisdiction over the person .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER simply blow off the fact that someone has stolen your work .
You may not always be able to enforce your claim , but its always at least worth a quick cease and desist letter .
ALWAYS remind would - be thieves that your work is copyrighted by making note of it on your webpage .
CONSIDER the costs and potential benefits before pursuing a copyright infringement claim .
If you ca n’t collect , it ’s a good idea to get over your ego and try non-legal remedies such as letters , reporting the offender to search engines , or just asking for a link in return .
Domain Name Trademark Issues :
If you ’re just starting out as a blogger , chances are you do n’t have a trademark yet .
However , large corporations do .
If you ’ve registered a domain name that a trademarked entity can lay claim to , you may have to give it up .
What is the law ?
In November 1999 , Congress passed the Anticybersquatting Consumer Protection Act , which makes it easier for individuals and companies to take over domain names that are confusingly similar to their names or trademarks .
However , bringing a trademark infringement case before the court can be a long , drawn - out , expensive process .
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) decided to streamline the process by creating the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy ( UDRP ) .
Under this policy , only three things need to be proven :
The trademark owner owns the trademark ,
The party that registered the domain name has no legitimate right or interest in the name , and The domain name was registered and used in bad faith .
The UDRP has made domain name disputes faster , cheaper and universal .
It also tends to favor trademark holders .
A leading case in the area of trademark disputes is Continental Airlines , Inc. v. continentalairlines.com .
In that case , the dotcom was simply re-routing visitors to a travel site where they could purchase Continental Airline tickets plus pay an extra $ 15 fee to use the service .
The court awarded the domain to the Airline on the basis of trademark infringement .
While easy cases like Continental are relatively clear , a number of bloggers have had their domains taken from them in less clear situations .
For example , the terms “ no legitimate interest ” or “ bad faith ” can be confusing and lead to honest bloggers losing domains .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER register a domain in the name of an existing trademark .
The days of profitable cyber squatting are long gone , and attempting to do so today will only cost you time and money .
ALWAYS check online to verify that there are n’t any public trademarks already registered for your domain .
CONSIDER that a free search will only reveal the registered trademarks ( and not even a complete listing at that ) .
A name need not be registered in order to receive treatment as a trademark by courts .
One of the best ways to do a free check for these “ common law marks ” is to simply do a search engine search for the name of the domain you want to use as well as some common variations .
Handling Private Data About Your Readers :
If you ’re building a readership for your blog , you may want to start an email subscription list , enable comments or create a bulletin board .
The use of these features may require your readers to disclose personal information to you , and depending on the nature of that information you can open yourself to legal issues .
What is the law ?
Unfortunately there is no single law governing the privacy of information disclosed to webmasters in the US .
Instead , bloggers must comply with what seems like a maze of legal jargon contained in acts such as HIPAA , P3P , the U.S. Code of Fair Information Practices , and the California Online Privacy Protection Act .
Given the dizzying array of laws which govern private information , it might come as a surprise that following just a few guidelines can keep you legally protected .
The easiest way to protect yourself from liability concerning the privacy of users is to post a privacy policy in a place that is easily visible on your site .
In the policy , explain exactly how you use personal information and with whom you intend to share it .
Disclose how or if you use cookies or any other kind of tracking software .
In addition to a privacy policy , you will need to provide a clear process for opting out or modifying disclosed information .
This can be as simple as providing an email address for the person to opt-out .
Further , there are additional legal landmines concerning the collection of data for minors as well as medical and criminal data .
Unless it is absolutely necessary ( in which case you should consult a lawyer to plan your data collection strategy ) just avoid this type of information altogether .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER share or sell sensitive information such as social security numbers , credit card numbers , bank account information , criminal background or health records .
ALWAYS post a clear privacy policy stating your intentions for collecting private information along with an opt - out plan .
CONSIDER that attempting to collect or sell information about your readership that you have n’t made clear in the privacy policy is not only likely to cause you legal problems , it is a sure way to lose the trust and reputation you have built up through your blogging .
Who Owns User - Developed Content and Can You Delete It : For those of you who have opened your sites up to user - driven content , be it comments , reviews , or a bulletin board , the question of who legally owns the content is an important one for deciding what you can and cannot do with it .
Thankfully , the answer is pretty straightforward , and so are the solutions for dealing with it .
What is the law ?
It may come as a surprise to many bloggers , but you do not actually own the user - driven content on your site .
Instead , it is actually the copyrighted property of the author .
The analysis is pretty straightforward ; copyright law only requires that an author create an original work and write it out in order to grant that person a copyright .
The fact that you do not own the user - driven content on your site can create a number of headaches for bloggers , such as an obligation to remove a comment whenever the author requests .
But by including a terms of service which spells out that you will have a license in all content posted in the site and more specifically that you will not have a duty to modify or withdraw posts but you may do so if you choose , you can ensure that you have effective control over the user - driven content on your site even if you do not have actual ownership of the content .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER treat comments as though you own them by manipulating them or deleting them without having included a terms of service which gives you permission to do so .
ALWAYS include an extensive terms of service that explains all of your rights with respect to user - driven content .
CONSIDER that if you are allowing anonymous posts you will have no way of verifying the true owner of a comment when someone emails you asking for you to take a comment down .
Consequently , you should make sure to at least collect basic identifying information before allowing someone to comment or post on your site .
The Duty to Monitor Your Blog Comments , and Liability : For those of you who have opened your sites up to user - driven content , be it comments , reviews , or a bulletin board , you may have had to deal with finding slanderous , libelous , copyright infringing , or just plain hateful speech content on your site .
Even though you as the webmaster did n’t have anything to do with the content , people inevitably look to you to fix the problem or even to blame when someone gets hurt .
This raises two important questions for you the webmaster ; are you required ( or allowed ) to turn the offender ’s name over to authorities , and what is your duty to monitor the user - generated content ?
What is the law ?
Section 230 of the Communications Decency
Act governs a blogger ’s liability for user - generated content .
Thankfully , Section 230 carves out broad protection for bloggers with only two exceptions .
The law was designed to encourage free speech by allowing ISP ’s , bloggers , and message board webmasters to focus on building participation rather than on the potential liability of getting sued for some user ’s crimes .
But while it protects bloggers from things like having to monitor for defamation , slander or hurtful talk , the law does not provide protection for federal crimes or intellectual property violations , meaning that you can potentially be found contributorily liable if this type of behavior takes place on your site .
When it comes to the question of whether you must ( or can ) turn over the poster ’s contact information to the authorities if a suit is brought , the answer is even less clear .
A leading case on the issue is Doe v. Cahill , in which the court required the service provider to identify the anonymous poster .
But other courts have gone the other direction , and congress is currently revisiting the issue .
At this point , the safest path is probably to explicitly state in the terms of use that you will turn over the information to any and all requesting authorities so that you will be covered if the issue ever comes up .
It is n’t a perfect solution , but until the law clears up , it is a lot better than getting sued .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER allow criminal comments or stolen content to remain on one of your sites .
Users may complain that you ’re stifling their free speech , but when it all boils down you simply cannot afford to be sued .
ALWAYS include in your terms of use that you will disclose all user personal information to requesting authorities .
CONSIDER that moderating your message boards for federal criminal behavior and intellectual property infringements is not just an important way to keep on the right side of the law , it also sets the tone for the type of content that is permissible on your site and will help foster a friendly and collegial environment .
Basic Tax Law Issues in Blogging :
If your plan is to make money while doing what you love , you may be receiving revenue from ad sales , donations and items for sale on your site .
While it is great that you ’re developing revenue through your blogging , unfortunately Uncle Sam is going to want his cut .
But because blogging for dollars and e-commerce are relatively new developments in the world of tax , the laws governing your e-business or blog can be rather confusing .
What is the law ?
If a business selling goods over the Internet has a physical presence in a state or local area , then they are required to collect sales tax from customers in that area .
Some businesses are finding a way around this by claiming that their e-commerce is a separate , unrelated entity from the physical store .
However , states are beginning to clarify their laws to combat this practice .
Thankfully , if you are just selling goods over the Internet and you do not have a physical , brick - and - mortar business , the Supreme Court has clarified in Quill v. North Dakota that you are largely exempt from collecting a sales tax .
Even if you are exempt from state sales taxes , you will almost certainly have to pay federal income taxes on any income your sites bring in .
But just because you have to pay income tax , however , does n’t mean that you ca n’t be smart ( and still legal ) in the way you pay it .
The best way to reduce your taxable income is to make sure that you are taking all of the relevant tax deductions .
For example , if you do your blogging at home , you may qualify to use portions of your internet costs , utility bills , rent , mortgage interest and insurance as deductions through business use of your home exemption .
Though you may want to play things even more conservatively by just taking other legitimate deductions such as the computer and research costs you undergo .
In addition to taking all of your deductions , you should also focus on the structure and strategy of your e-business .
One of the best ways to minimize your long - term taxes as a blogger is to make sure you hold a site for longer than a year before you sell it , so that it will be taxed at the lower long term capital gains rate of 15 % rather than as ordinary income .
Another is to make sure that you are investing up to the legal annual limit in a tax free retirement account .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER throw away business receipts , if you get audited they are the only defense to the IRS .
ALWAYS take advantage of your available deductions and factor in tax consequences into business decisions .
CONSIDER that the difference between something being taxed at the long term capital gains rate ( 15 % ) and the short term capital gains rate ( 35 % ) is so drastic that it occasionally may be worth passing up on a sale in order to make sure that you have held a domain longer that one - year so as to qualify for the lower tax rate .
Limited Liability Laws and Incorporating :
When you started blogging you probably imagined it as a pure hobby rather than a business involving serious legal issues .
That ’s why the vast majority of bloggers are currently operating their business as a DBA which is the default and which offers no legal protection .
Bloggers are often confused as to whether they need to form a legal entity for their business , what kind they should form , and how much protection it offers .
Thankfully , the answers to these questions are relatively straightforward .
What is the law ?
Forming a legal entity , whether it be a Corporation , an LLC or an LLP , all provide limited liability .
Limited liability means that when something goes wrong and someone sues the company , they can only get to the assets that are in the company and not to your personal assets such as your personal bank account .
The protection offered by a limited liability entity is n’t perfect , but if you keep your personal and business finances separate , make it clear when you are acting as a representative of the company , and otherwise act like a company , the courts will generally treat you like one as well .
Most Fortune 500 companies today are Corporations , which leads many bloggers to believe that there is something desirable about forming that model for themselves .
The truth , however , is that for almost every single blogger forming an Limited Liability Company ( LLC ) is the way to go .
An LLC carries all the same legal protections as a Corporation ( in fact courts apply the exact same statutes to both ) , while letting you avoid all of the administrative hassles and giving you a better tax arrangement .
Forming an LLC is a quick and relatively cheap process :
Choose a name for your business that complies with your state ’s LLC rules .
File articles of organization with your state ’s LLC filing office .
Create an operating agreement to set up the rules for ownership and operation among your members .
Obtain any licenses and permits that may be required for your business ( not applicable for most bloggers ) .
Additionally , some states may require that you publish a notice of your intent to form an LLC .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER mix your personal funds and company funds if you want to preserve your limited liability protection .
ALWAYS form an LLC rather than a Corporation ( Inc. ) unless there are very specific reasons which apply to your unique case .
CONSIDER the state you form your LLC in determines the law and to some degree the state taxes that apply to your company .
The vast majority of LLC’s are formed in Delaware or Nevada because of the strong legal entity caselaw in those states which tends to favor companies over individuals in lawsuits , but at a minimum creates a set of clear laws for companies to use if something goes wrong .
Spam Laws and Which Unsolicited Emails are Legal : We all hate the Viagra and Yahoo !
Lottery emails that fill up our junk folder everyday .
But what about your site ’s newsletter , that could n’t be considered spam could it ?
Unfortunately it might if you do n’t comply with all of the requirements on mass email that US law requires .
What is the law ?
The CAN - SPAM
Act of 2003 requires the labeling of unsolicited , commercial e-mail as well as opt - out instructions for recipients , including the sender ’s physical address .
False or misleading header information and deceptive subject lines are also prohibited .
Each violation of these provisions is subject to fines of up to $ 11,000 .
If you are planning to send out a mass email , you should be clear about who you are and your purpose for emailing the recipient .
Make sure that all of your routing information is accurate and do n’t get too creative with the subject line .
Include a valid physical postal address .
Finally , provide detailed instructions on how a recipient can refuse future emails from you .
You can give them a menu of choices for opting out of certain types of emails , but ultimately whatever you offer must be clear and you must offer a way for the recipient to stop receiving all commercial emails from your address .
How to stay out of trouble : NEVER use false or misleading information in the header or subject line .
ALWAYS identify the email as commercial , identify yourself , state your purpose and include information on how the recipient can opt out of future unsolicited emails .
CONSIDER that courts are n’t clear on what qualifies as ‘ mass email . ’
While almost every spamming suit brought has been against the prototypical person sending 10,000 Viagra emails a day , in theory , the person sending 150 unsolicited emails with a misleading title is also in violation .
Sometimes the House of Lords throws out speeches so interesting and radical , that you simply cannot imagine them being made in the Commons .
One such came this week from the neuro - biologist Susan Greenfield .
She asked a question that affects all of us , yet which I have never heard discussed by mainstream politicians : is technology changing our brains ?
The context is the clicking , bleeping , flashing world of screens .
There has been a change in our environment that is so all - embracing and in a way so banal that we barely notice it .
In just a couple of decades , we have slipped away from a culture based essentially on words to one based essentially on images , or pictures .
This is probably one of the great shifts in the story of modern humans but we take it almost for granted .
It is most striking when you watch children and young adults .
This is not just the obvious ageing person 's whinge because my kids can sort out computer or digital camera problems that baffle me .
It is more about the way they absorb information and entertainment .
There are the " icons " ( a word to dwell on ) of the iPod or Windows , those cute and reassuring little pictures that perform the role of Chinese ideograms rather than western culture 's words .
Then there are the winking corporate mini-logos , which are more familiar to children than national flags or famous authors .
Just watch a teenager navigate , with thumbs or fingertips , a world of instructions , suggestions , offers and threats , scrolling through songs , adverts , film clips and software .
This , of course , is only the start of the new world .
What is actually on these enticing little cubes of plastic ?
My children communicate by text and computer messaging , using the concertinaed , post - grammar , post - spelling shorthand that everyone under 30 finds normal and everyone over 40 finds menacing .
There can be little doubt that the structures , never mind the surface form , of the English language are changing fast .
But the main change is that even these shorthand sentences are surrounded by pictures .
With mobile phone cameras , digital sticks and emailing , people no longer need to describe where they are but can just point , click and show a view , a friend 's face or " happy slapping " .
Children carry portfolios of images on their mobiles and send each other more .
The latest iPods and similar gadgets are used as much for watching TV shows , film clips or music videos as for listening .
Most people are probably ambivalent about all this .
We know the world is changing and do n't want to seem fuddy - duddy or to be left behind .
We are instinctively nervous about the new culture of icons and pictures but shrink from saying it is worse than the old culture of long bored afternoons , with the rain drumming on the windows , struggling to concentrate on a book .
Pictures are easier on the eye ; why hesitate ?
The brilliance of Baroness Greenfield 's speech is that she wades straight into the dangers posed by this culture .
A recent survey of eight - to 18 - year - olds , she says , suggests they are spending 6.5 hours a day using electronic media , and multi-tasking ( using different devices in parallel ) is rocketing .
Could this be having an impact on thinking and learning ?
She begins by analysing the process of traditional book - reading , which involves following an author through a series of interconnected steps in a logical fashion .
We read other narratives and compare them , and so " build up a conceptual framework that enables us to evaluate further journeys ...
One might argue that this is the basis of education ...
It is the building up of a personalised conceptual framework , where we can relate incoming information to what we know already .
We can place an isolated fact in a context that gives it significance . "
Traditional education , she says , enables us to " turn information into knowledge . "
Put like that , it is obvious where her worries lie .
The flickering up and flashing away again of multimedia images do not allow those connections , and therefore the context , to build up .
Instant yuk or wow factors take over .
Memory , once built up in a verbal and reading culture , matters less when everything can be summoned at the touch of a button ( or , soon , with voice recognition , by merely speaking ) .
In a short attention - span world , fed with pictures , the habit of contemplation and the patient acquisition of knowledge are in retreat .
Is this , perhaps , the source of the hyperactivity and attention deficit malaise now being treated with industrial quantities of Ritalin , Prozac and other drugs to help sustain attention in the classroom ?
If so , what will these drugs do in turn to the brain ?
Greenfield points out , in some of the most chilling words heard in the Lords , that " the human brain is exquisitely sensitive to any and every event : we cannot complacently take it as an article of faith that it will remain inviolate , and that consequently human nature and ways of learning and thinking will remain consistent " .
While not suggesting a revolt by mere democracies against the corporate power of the IT industries , Greenfield suggests this is an idea that should at least be investigated further .
She wants more government funding for the scientists and educators trying to understand the impact of the digital - picture world on how children learn to think - surely a more important area for state - backed research than endless lifestyle or obesity surveys .
Politicians should be seriously concerned .
Parliamentary democracy has depended on a citizenry prepared to think logically about policies , to remember promises and to follow arguments .
Greenfield 's feared world without context is therefore also a world more prone to political illogic and fad .
At the memorial service last week for Lord Merlyn - Rees - a politician of integrity and decency - I was surrounded by many great political figures of the 70s and 80s .
But I wondered how many of their patiently made arguments would be given house room in the exciting digital wasteland .
Perhaps not surprisingly , we are not getting a worried or intelligent response from today 's politicians to this great shift in how we learn and think .
They prefer to boast about the tunes they download on to their iPods , or court publicity for their website inanities .
But they could all take a valuable 10 minutes to read and reflect on Baroness Greenfield 's fine speech .
It 's available in a hard copy of Hansard , or at internet .
Yes , really .
jackie.ashley@theguardian.com
Note : Merlyn Rees , when ennobled , became Lord Merlyn - Rees , with a hyphen ( in fact , Lord Merlyn Merlyn - Rees )
By William Horsley
BBC European Affairs analyst
Is Europe losing Turkey ?
New tensions threaten to harm a strategic bond that has long been seen as vital to the West 's security .
Turkish membership would show the EU was not just a Christian club
But a year - end deadline for Turkey to make important concessions in its talks on EU membership is casting doubt on the future of the country 's integration with Europe , which began back in 1963 .
Cyprus is the main sticking - point .
Turkey 's relations with Europe may suffer lasting damage unless a solution is found quickly .
Anti-French anger
In a recent opinion poll only one in three Turks said they definitely want their country to join the EU - about half the figure in similar polls two years ago .
France 's bill on Armenian ' genocide ' denial triggered angry protests
And last month the French parliament sought to embarrass Turkey over the nation 's past history , by voting for a bill which would make it a crime to deny Turkish responsibility for " genocide " against the Armenians in World War I .
That provoked a wave of angry anti-French demonstrations in Turkey .
In fact , Europe 's reputation for arrogance among the Turks has united the main political currents there in protest against what they see as " unfair " treatment .
Consider these recent statements by influential Turkish figures :
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he would rather see the suspension of the EU membership talks than bow to what he calls " unreasonable " demands over Cyprus .
Former Turkish president and prime minister Suleyman Demirel says EU demands for legal rights for Turkey 's Kurdish minority may threaten the unity of the state , which Turkey " will not accept . "
Onur Oeymen , deputy leader of the opposition Republican People 's Party and a former ambassador to Nato , accuses the EU of seeking excuses to delay or block Turkish membership .
He complains that Europe 's present leaders lack " strategic vision " , and fail to understand the importance of supporting Turkey , as the only secular democracy in the Muslim world .
Mehmet Ali Birand , a popular TV newscaster , says Turkey has been faithful to Europe for 45 years , but Europe has not .
Now he fears that Europe is going to " break the dream " .
Marriage hopes
In Europe , the cooling of political attitudes towards Turkey , fuelled by public fears of immigration and suspicion towards Islam , has been dramatic .
We will not do it !
Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul on an EU demand to open ports to Cypriot shipping
A turning - point was last year 's referendums in France and the Netherlands , when voters rejected the draft EU constitution .
After that , conservative leaders such as Angela Merkel in Germany and Nicolas Sarkozy in France spoke out loudly against full EU membership for Turkey , even in 15 or 20 years time .
Turkey 's Muslim make - up has also become an issue .
Hans -Joerg Kretschmer , the EU 's ambassador in Ankara , says Europe wants to see " for the first time in the history of mankind whether a Muslim country is able and willing to embrace the values of Western civilisation " .
But Turkey 's Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul says Turkish EU membership would prove that the EU " does not belong to a single religion " .
He insists his government is fully committed to a long - term political " marriage " with Europe , and speaks proudly of Turkey 's radical pro-European reforms as a " silent revolution " .
Promises
The European Commission itself has praised Turkey for abolishing the death penalty , taking action against police torture and changing the constitution to rein in the influence of the army .
" We will not do it ! " was Mr Gul 's terse reply , when asked whether his government would fulfil the EU 's demand to end its embargo on ships from Cyprus using Turkish ports .
" The Europeans must first fulfil their promises " , he said , meaning that the EU should first take steps to facilitate direct trade with the Turkish Cypriots in northern Cyprus .
In 2004 the Turkish Cypriots voted in favour of an international peace plan to unite the divided island .
The Greek Cypriots , who represent the only internationally recognised government there , voted against the plan but were anyway admitted as EU members .
Now they , like every member - state , hold a veto over Turkey 's progress .
Trade and investment
Still , a " train crash " is not inevitable .
Turkish leaders now say they may amend a much - criticised law banning insults against " Turkishness " , which has been used against authors who have written critically on Kurdish and Armenian issues .
Britain , Finland and other supporters of Turkey 's case argue that its progress must not be seriously held back .
It is clear that the EU itself could hardly escape without damage in case the relationship turned sour .
Turkey is now one of the most attractive partners for European trade and investment .
French car - makers and Austrian banks are among those profiting from Turkey 's booming economy and liberalising market .
Michael Lake , a former EU envoy to Turkey , warns that to block Turkey 's EU prospects would harm the EU 's credibility .
And Onur Oeymen says it would be a massive strategic mistake for the EU to write Turkey out of its future plans - because then , he said , " you are going to make Turkey your competitor , if not your enemy " .
Most of the hacking techniques described in the 1994 book Secrets of a Super - Hacker are now laughably out of date .
But not all of them .
A few are not only still effective , but far more effective in the current era of ubiquitous internet access .
As the author notes early in the book , some attacks are timeless :
Hacking may seem harder than before , but it really is n't .
The culture may have become more aware of security , but the individual user still lives in a world of benign indifference , vanity , user - friendliness , and friendly - userness .
Users who are in - the - know will always want to help the less fortunate ones who are not .
Those who are n't will seek the advice of the gurus .
And so social engineering and reverse social engineering live on , as you shall discover in these pages .
Ease of use will always rule .
The " dumb " password will be a good guess for a long time to come .
People just do n't choose " 6Fk%810 ( @vbM-34trwX51 " for their passwords .
Add to this milieu the immense number of computer systems operating today , and the staggering multitudes of inept users who run them .
In the past , computers were used by the techno - literate few .
Now they are bought , installed , used , managed , and even programmed by folks who have a hard time getting their bread to toast light brown .
I 'm not denigrating them -- I applaud their willingness to step into unfamiliar waters .
I just wish ( sort of ) that they would realize what danger they put themselves in every time they act without security in mind .
I do n't think there 's any better illustration of the timelessness of social engineering hacks -- and the vulnerability of unsophisticated mainstream users -- than phishing .
The results of a 2006 phishing study , Why Phishing Works ( pdf ) , are truly sobering :
Good phishing websites fooled 90 % of participants .
23 % of participants in the study did not look at the address bar , status bar , or the security indicators .
On average , the participants incorrectly judged whether a website was real or a spoof 40 % of the time .
15 out of 22 participants proceeded without hesitation when presented with popup warnings about fraudulent certificates .
Neither education , age , sex , previous experience , nor hours of computer use showed a statistically significant correlation with vulnerability to phishing .
Everyone was vulnerable .
Phishing is remarkably effective .
Bear in mind that the users in this study were told in advance to expect a mixture of real and fake websites , so these results may actually be better than real world performance , as hard as that is to believe .
Here 's a detailed breakdown of the test sites used in the study , along with the percent of users who were unable to correctly identify whether the site was real or a spoof :
% Wrong Bank of the West Spoof URL ( bankofthevvest.com ) , padlock in content , Verisign logo and certificate validation seal , consumer alert warning 91 PayPal Spoof Uses Mozilla XML User Interface Language ( XUL ) to simulate browser chrome w/ fake address bar , status bar and SSL indicators 81 Etrade Real 3rd party URL ( etrade.everypath.com ) , SSL , simple design , no graphics for mobile users 77 PayPal Spoof URL ( paypal - signin03.com ) , padlock in content 59 PayPal Spoof URL ( IP address ) , padlock in content 59 Capital One Real 3rd party URL ( cib.ibanking-services.com ) , SSL , dedicated login page , simple design 50 PayPal Spoof Screenshot of legitimate SSL protected Paypal page within a rogue web page 50 Ameritrade Spoof URL ( ameritrading.net )
50 Bank of America Spoof Rogue popup window on top of legitimate BOFA homepage , padlock in content 36 Bank of the West Spoof URL ( IP address ) , urgent anti-fraud warnings ( requests large amount of personal data ) 32 USBank Spoof URL ( IP address ) , padlock in content , security warnings , identity verification ( requests large amount of personal data ) 32 Ebay Spoof URL ( IP address ) , account verification ( requests large amount of personal data ) 32 Yahoo Spoof URL ( center.yahoo-security.net ) , account verification ( requests large amount of personal data ) 23 NCUA Spoof URL ( IP address ) , padlock in content , account verification ( requests large amount of personal data ) 18 Ebay Real SSL protected login page , TRUSTe logo 14 Bank Of America Real Login page on non-SSL homepage , padlock in content 14 Tele - Bears ( Student Accounts ) Real SSL protected login page 9 PayPal Real Login page on non-SSL homepage , padlock in content 9 Bank One Real Login page on non-SSL homepage , padlock in content 0
There 's only one conclusion you can draw from the study 's results : when presented with a spoofed web page , a large percentage of users will always fall for it .
Forever .
Once that spoofed page is up , even if we use the extraordinarily optimistic estimate that only 15 percent of users will fall for it , that 's still a tremendous number of users at risk .
Given the poor statistics , the only mitigation strategy that makes sense is to somehow prevent showing the spoofed page to the user .
The good news is that the latest versions of Firefox and Internet Explorer have anti-phishing capabilities which do exactly that : they use real - time , distributed blacklists to prevent showing known spoof sites to users .
I visited the PhishTank site to gather a set of known phishing URLs to see how well these browsers perform .
Firefox may be using PhishTank as a source ; every URL I visited showed the most severe warning , blocking the phishing site from the user behind a sort of smoked glass effect .
Unfortunately , it 's all too easy to click the little red X and use the page .
I do n't think it 's a good idea for this dialog to be so easily dismissable , like any other run of the mill dialog box .
IE7 opened some of the recent phishing sites with no warnings at all .
But a few triggered the heuristic check for " suspicious " , with a dropdown warning obscuring part of the site :
Others made the IE7 blacklist and were blocked completely behind a gateway page .
I prefer this to the Firefox approach ; once the URL is reported as a phishing site , there 's absolutely no reason to show any of its content to the user .
I 'm no fan of distributed blacklists , but I think they 're a necessary evil in this case .
Throughout the last ten years of incremental browser security improvements , users have always been susceptible to spoof attacks .
It does n't matter how many security warnings we present , or how much security browser chrome we wrap websites in .
Phishing is the forever hack .
If the phishing page is displayed at all , it invariably reels a large percentage of users in hook , line , and sinker .
The only security technique that can protect users from phishing scams , it seems , is the one that prevents them from ever seeing the phishing page in the first place .
盲点だった 。
ニコニコ動画 やRimoの派手さに目を奪われっぱなしだったのと、非営利個人サイトということで、ついつい軽視してしまっていたのかもしれない。
しかし、考えれば考えるほど、「字幕.in」はヤバイ。
本家のYouTube含め、どのサービスも軽視できないジレンマやリスクを抱える中で、「字幕in」だけがあらゆる障壁を回避できる可能性が高いという結論に達した。
satoru.netの中の人は可及的速やかにビジネス化に向けて動き出すべきだ。
私がマネーの虎の高橋がなりだったなら巨額の出資を申し出るところだ。
ヒントを与えてくれたのは、「字幕.in」に投稿されたこの秀逸作品である。
mixi経験者ならきっとお気に召すだろう。何度見ても笑える。
勘のいいユーザ達は、この作品を見ただけで
「 なるほど『字幕.in』はこうやって遊べばいいのか」
と即座に理解する 。
そして、表面上の仕様は似通っていても「ニコニコ動画」とは全く別のサービスである事に気付く。
さらに、この「面白さ」にはどこか既視感があることにも気付くだろう。
代表的なものを挙げると、以前はてなのコアユーザ達を震撼させ、笑いのどん底に突き落としたこの動画だ。
この作品の素材となった 「キーボードクラッシャー」君の動画は、他にも無数のバリエーションを生み出しちょっとしたブームとなった。
そして興味深いのは 「 字幕in」のサービスにおいても、素材となる動画が特定のものに集中する傾向があるという事だ。
これらのヒントを元に考察してみると、「字幕.in」というサービスは、他のサービスが共通に抱える問題、具体的には
1.素材コンテンツの確保
2.著作権問題
2.回線インフラ及び負荷対策
のすべての要素において、大きなアドバンテージを持つと気付いちゃったのだ。
以下、そのポイントを順に説明しよう。
1.素材となる動画のインデックス数は、少なくて良い
もちろん多くても困ることはないが、必ずしも大量の動画は必要ない。
先に述べた通り、同じ動画を使い回すことで、別の面白さが醸成されるからだ。
極端な話、字幕素材として「使える」ものが数十動画程度でも、サービスは十分可能だろう。
2.素材そのものが「面白い」必要はない
むしろ意味不明な方が、ナイスな字幕が付いた時の面白さが増幅される。
これはとても重要なポイントだ。
まず、日本語である必要は全く無いどころか邪魔になる位なので、頭の固い日本の著作権利団体を最初から相手にする必要が無い。
先の 「ミクシィ」作品はテレビドラマ「２４」のトレイラーが素材となっているがそれも必然性はそれほど無いので、その気になれば運営者側が自前で素材動画を制作して、それをお題として提供する事も可能だ。
その場合だと、ユーザのアップロードにすら依存せずにサービスは成り立つ。
フランス語やポルトガル語や中国語やスワヒリ語の映像もあると良いかな。交渉窓口さえある国なら、日米より許諾は得やすそうだ。
レアな言語の方が秀逸な字幕作品を生みやすそうだし、「空耳」部門なんかも佳作が増えるだろう。
[ 追記 ]
考えてみると 、「２４」にしてもトレイラーなんだから、許諾とれる可能性はあるよね。いろんな映画やドラマのトレイラーを積極的に素材とすれば、逆にそこから広告料収入だって夢じゃない。いずれにしても、いろいろと前途は明るい。
3.クライアント側のキャッシュが再利用される頻度が高い
上記、１，２の要素が結果的にキャッシュの再利用率を飛躍的に高める。
実際、「字幕.in」で同じ動画の複数作品を見てみると、ロードされるのは最初の作品だけだった。
整理すると 。
素材動画が少なくていいから、ぶっこ抜きとかしなくても無問題。
権利問題クリアも全然いけそう。
回線インフラも負荷も、キャッシュ利用率が高くてウマー。
すごいよ。ノープロブレムだよ。
非営利なんかでやってる場合じゃないよ。
うかうかしてると、他に横取りされちゃうよ。
文面は軽めのノリですが、内容は超マジです。
とりあえずsatoru.netの中の人にトラックバックしといたろ。
The account of being raped by five men comes from the notes of Gwendolyn Sutton , a Durham police officer who talked with the woman upon her arrival at the hospital .
Officer Sutton ’s report says the woman told her she had been dancing with three other women , “ Nikki , Angel and Tammy . ” Nikki was Ms. Roberts ’s stage name , but there may have been a misunderstanding about the role of the two other women : Tammy was a dispatcher at Angel ’s Escorts .
The reference to five rapists has not been explained .
( Ms. Roberts has given contradictory accounts .
On March 22 , she told the police that the rape accusation was “ a crock , ” and that she had been with the accuser for all but five minutes of the party .
Later , though , she revised her story to the police and told National Public Radio that a rape “ could have happened , ” but that she had not seen or heard it .
Defense lawyers argued that she changed her story to suit an opportunity : on April 17 , Mr. Nifong personally changed Ms. Roberts ’s bail status on her probation violation , reducing her bond payment by $ 1,875 . )
In her subsequent detailed accounts to doctors and detectives , files show , the accuser said she was raped vaginally , anally and orally by three men who called themselves Adam , Matt and Bret .
She said these might not have been their real names .
She said the men had called her racially pejorative names and had held , pushed and kicked her during the attack .
The woman gave a variety of accounts about what each of the men did during the alleged assault and in what order .
For example , in initial statements , she said “ Adam ” had closed the bathroom door and told her “ I ’m sorry , sweetheart , you ca n’t leave . ”
But in her April 6 written statement to the police , she said “ Matt ” told her that .
In two separate accounts , she also gave two different names of the man she said raped her orally .
Sergeant Gottlieb ’s notes recount what Tara Levicy , the sexual - assault nurse , said of her encounter with the woman in the emergency room .
“ She stated the victim came in and was very apprehensive around the officers , ” he wrote .
“ Once the officers left the room , it took her approximately 15 - 20 minutes to get her to calm down and open up .
She stated the victim from that point on never changed her statement for over the 6 - 7 hour time period they were together . ”
The nurse said the woman remained calm in her presence , but when Ms. Levicy left the room and a male nurse entered for some supplies , she reacted in a way that sexual - assault experts say is not uncommon among rape victims : she “ began to scream hysterically . ”
The Medical Evidence
The defense lawyers say there is no medical evidence that the woman was raped or assaulted .
J. Kirk Osborn and Ernest L. Conner Jr. , who represent Mr. Seligmann , filed a motion on June 7 accusing the authorities of misleading a judge about the strength of the medical evidence .
They attached , under seal , the 23 pages of medical reports received through pretrial discovery .
The first notes , by Dr. Joshua S. Broder and Duke hospital nurses , say the woman reported that she had been raped and complained of vaginal pain .
A physical examination found no tenderness of the abdomen .
She was “ well nourished , visibly upset , crying , alert , cooperative , no acute distress . ”
Blog for our Future :
( Newt Gingrich , speaking at CPAC ) blamed the residents of New Orleans ' 9th Ward for a " failure of citizenship , " by being " so uneducated and so unprepared , they literally could n't get out of the way of a hurricane . "
And he called for a " deep investigation " into this " failure of citizenship . "
Here 's the full quote :
How can you have the mess we have in New Orleans , and not have had deep investigations of the federal government , the state government , the city government , and the failure of citizenship in the Ninth Ward , where 22,000 people were so uneducated and so unprepared , they literally could n't get out of the way of a hurricane .
( emphasis original )
To listen to the audio , click here .
By Kathryn Westcott
BBC News website
Dutch children have been rated the most fortunate children in Europe .
Their parents go out of their way to please them , and teachers expect less of them than some of their European counterparts .
Dutch society is very child - centred
The study by the UN children 's organisation , Unicef , looked at relative poverty , educational and health standards , sexual behaviour and the children 's relationship with friends and parents .
" The Netherlands has always been a very child - centred society , " says Paul Vangeert , professor of developmental psychology at the University of Groningen .
" In particular , there is a lot of focus on young children . "
He says he is not surprised by the report .
" On the one hand you have objective indicators in the report like health , income and education .
The Netherlands is a very rich country .
On the other hand , and perhaps more importantly , are the subjective indicators , young people 's own subjective sense of well - being . "
CHILD WELL - BEING TABLE 1 . Netherlands
2 . Sweden 3 . Denmark 4 . Finland 5 . Spain 6 . Switzerland 7 . Norway 8 . Italy 9 . Republic of Ireland 10 .
Belgium 11 . Germany 12 . Canada 13 .
Greece 14 .
Poland 15 .
Czech Republic 16 .
France 17 .
Portugal 18 .
Austria 19 .
Hungary 20 .
United States 21 .
United Kingdom Source : Unicef
Key points at - a- glance
" If you take the percentage of young mothers in the labour force , it 's not very high in comparison to comparable countries , " Mr Vangeert told the BBC News Website .
" There is a strong tendency for mothers to raise children or take a long time off work after children are born . "
He says children are used to a " highly protective , highly positive caring environment . "
Children rule
One of the strong points of the Dutch family , he says , is that it is very open and communicative .
Relations are generally good between parents and children and they can talk about almost anything .
But , he says , the downside is that children almost rule the family .
" It 's almost a caricature that children are the ones that decide what happens within the family , " says Mr Vangeert .
" Their wishes become so strong that parents have to work very hard to give them what they want .
Sometimes , there can be a lack of balance between the happiness of the child and that of the parent . "
Relations between Dutch parents and their children are generally good
But , he said the contrast when you get to 18 can be something of a shock .
" Now I 'm left to look after myself , " he told the BBC News website .
" My parents say that I need to care for myself and to be independent .
It 's hard .
I do n't have much money as a student and to go out is expensive .
Beer , for example , is very expensive in the Netherlands . "
He says that while he has been drinking and smoking for some time , his parents have never really seen it as a big issue .
" They 've never liked it , " he says .
" But they realise that they were young once .
They are just waiting for me to give it up in my own time . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
The UK and the USA are too commercial and market driven
Kenneth Whyte , Oegstgeest , Netherlands
Send us your comments
" Because parents are more relaxed , the dynamics of the problems are less severe than in countries where they are seen as more of a serious issue , " says Mr Vangeert .
Laura Vos , a 16 - year - old schoolgirl from Amsterdam agrees .
" In this country , it 's very free , you can do anything you want , " she told the BBC's Newsnight programme .
" You can smoke at 16 , you can buy pot in the store next to the school .
You can do what you like and because it 's not illegal , it 's not that interesting for us to provoke our parents with it . "
REPORT CATEGORIES
Material well - being Family and peer relationships Health and safety Behaviour and risks
Own sense of well - being [ educational ]
Own sense of well - being [ subjective ]
Unicef report in full ( 1.5MB )
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Download the reader here
" I think in England , for example , there is a lot of pressure on teenagers .
There is something on MTV called Virgin Diaries .
Girls of 16 and 17 worry because they are still virgins .
It 's like they have to have sex to be cool , " she says .
" In Holland , it is n't that important - it does n't matter to anyone . "
Rutt Veenhoven , professor of social conditions for human happiness at Erasmus University in Rotterdam , says he was unsurprised by the report 's findings .
" Small affluent countries such as the Netherlands and Denmark are very democratic and very free .
There is also a very good education system .
People can use that freedom and education to make the right choices , " he says .
Selma el Maknouzi , a 16 - year - old student from The Hague says young people in the Netherlands have a lot to look forward to .
" I 'm very happy with the education here because it's at a very high level , " she told the BBC News website .
" Everybody has the chance and the opportunity to do whatever he or she wants to do .
There are many jobs - everyone can work and there are opportunities to build a good career in later life . "
Mr Veenhoven says that the general picture is pretty much in keeping with what he has seen in samples of the adult population .
He says that typically in Western Europe countries like the Netherlands and Denmark score particularly well .
" And we know that happy adults raise happy children , " he says .
This blog would include everything that I keep track of on the internet - from internet and web technologies to politics to humour to science to whatever I may like !!
Beeman Guest Editorial : The Journalism / Think Tank Merry - Go-Round
William O. Beeman
“ The Journalism / Think Tank Merry - Go- Round
And the Dilemma of the Academic Public Intellectual ”
‘ [ I want to address ] the question of the sad , sad state of American academics in policy formation in the United States today .
Think tanks , where no one ever has to go through peer review before publishing the most questionable material , are in the ascendancy .
Real scholars are derided as the academy is openly attacked by these quasi-intellectual bodies .
No wonder !
If the think - tankers ’ shoddy methods and ideological biases were subject to the scrutiny they deserve , 90 % of the garbage that is self - published by their house organs and pushed by their publicity machinery would never see the light of day .
It is so sad now that governmental bodies are no longer calling on academic experts for public testimony in even the most crucial matters where they have unique knowledge .
On no subject is this more true than in the Middle East area .
If you are not in a think tank in Washington , apparently your expertise matters not at all .
Never mind that that the think tank denizens were never in the region , do n’t know the languages , and never did any research in their lives .
If their ideology is in line with the White House , that is good enough .
The media bears a great deal of responsibility in this matter .
Lazy , news - cycle driven and subject to the pressure of ideology and publicity flackers , it is so much easier to just call the think tank down the street , or a PR firm like Benador Associates where someone is on call and already in suit and tie , or skirted suit to get to the studio within the next 20 minutes , than to spend the extra half - hour trying to locate an ISDN feed in . . .
Minneapolis or Austin to get the best possible expertise on a subject at hand .
For the print media a quote–any quote–is often good enough to anchor a story .
No time to wait for someone to call back after a seminar !
If the reporter ca n’t get the quotable phrase on the first phone call , its on to the next , or once again , to the on - call quotables at the think - tank around the corner .
Even when someone with real expertise can be located , the media vitiates the message by making a fetish of “ balance ” –an odd feature of American public discourse , documented by my colleague Deborah Tannen in her classic book , The Argument Culture .
This means that whatever the subject , a pro and con side must be represented –even if one of the positions is absurd , or representative of an extreme fringe opinion .
This results in match - ups like Paul Krugman debating Bill O’Reilly on economic matters and other such ludicrous pairings .
This situation has created careers for people like Anne Coulter , David Frum and Jonah Goldberg , who otherwise know very little–but they are reliable as “ cons ” ( pun intended ) on virtually any topic that requires an expansion of intellect .
No wonder the public does n’t know which way is up .
Sadly , the academy has reacted badly to this state of affairs – not by encouraging its members to shine the light on the slime and mold generated by these propaganda machines , but by fomenting retreat into its own dark little corner where it can be safe and “ uncontroversial . ”
The better not to run afoul of its more vocal and ideologically driven alumni and trustees , who believe along with Bill O’Reilly that all knowledge is just opinion anyway , so why not just tell the professoriate what they should be teaching , and what positions they should be espousing ?
Writing for the public is not only unrewarded by the academy , it is absolutely detrimental to academic careers .
Thus fine scholars who do decide to speak out are hit both ways –both by the ideological hacks for whom their truths are uncomfortable , and by their own institutions who see their public activities as controversial and undignified .
Contrast this with the situation in Japan , France , Brazil–in fact , anywhere else in the world –where academics are welcomed and respected in the field of public discourse , and move readily in and out of positions of public responsibility .
Likewise , scholars of distinction , such as the incomparable Eric Rouleau , are prized and well - compensated members of the fourth estate .
Despite these stringencies , those of us who are tenured at institutions of higher learning have a special responsibility–a sacred duty –to speak out at every turn to defend free inquiry , and solid knowledge .
We are privileged to be able to have careers in research , writing and teaching , and are in debt to society for this .
We have the obligation as patriotic citizens and seekers of truth to use , as Juan has consistently , the fruits of our research and knowledge to inform not just the dozen or so colleagues who share our academic sub-specialization , but the public who is hungry for this material , and in the current intellectual desert in America , who desperately needs it . ‘
There was fury from National Lottery distributors , who will have to contribute £ 675 m - on top of their initial £ 1.5 bn commitment - towards the cost of the Olympics , and a warning that an enduring sporting legacy from the games will be endangered by a £ 223 m reduction in funding for grassroots sport .
Arts and heritage organisations also expressed disappointment , while opposition MPs sought assurances there would be no further raids on the lottery .
The government said the Olympic Delivery Authority 's budget for building the Olympic park would be £ 5.3bn , compared with the original public sector funding package of £ 3.4bn - but the overall cost of the project has soared , mainly because of an £ 840 m tax bill , contingency funding of £ 2.7bn and a revised security bill of £ 600 m .
Tessa Jowell , the Olympics minister , accused opposition parties of not supporting the games and indulging in Victor Meldrew - style pessimism , and of " voting for Paris " as they criticised the size of the revised budget .
" We should see this as an investment not a cost , " she told the Guardian .
" It is a toxic , difficult , contaminated site in the East End of London .
It is a fantastic thing - we have the Olympics pouring in millions of pounds into this area . "
She rejected criticism from lottery distributors , saying the games were " the best catalyst for the galvanising the participation of young people in sport . "
After weeks of negotiations with the Treasury , the chancellor , Gordon Brown , has agreed that central government will contribute £ 6bn , an increase of nearly £ 5bn on the previous commitment to regeneration of the Lower Lea Valley .
The larger than expected Treasury contribution is likely to restrict Mr Brown 's room for manoeuvre in the forthcoming comprehensive spending review .
Ken Livingstone , the mayor of London , has pledged an extra £ 300 m , without further rises for the capital 's council tax payers or increased transport fares .
Hugh Robertson , the shadow Olympics minister accused the government of " massive financial incompetence " and said the two largest over - runs on VAT and contingency had been predictable at the time of the bid .
" In raiding the lottery for a further £ 675 m to make up the shortfall , the government will penalise the clubs and small organisations up and down the country that were supposed to benefit . "
Nigel Evans , a Conservative member of the culture , media and sport select committee , said the Olympic rings were " hanging like a noose over future generations " .
The most outspoken criticism came from Derek Mapp , the chair of Sport England .
He said the diversion of £ 55.9 m of Sport England 's income was " a cut too far and seriously endangers the creation of a sporting legacy from the 2012 games .
The true loss , he said , would be £ 223 m because almost £ 3 is levered in for every £ 1 invested .
He said that in the best case scenario 186,000 fewer people would be taking part in sport .
" Grassroots sport has benefits of reducing obesity and crime and the government spends £ 8.2 bn a year because we are an unfit nation .
We are the biggest tool to make a change , yet we are being cut , " Mr Mapp said .
The Arts Council is to seek an urgent meeting with the Treasury after learning that its contribution towards the games has risen from £ 49.6 m to £ 112.5 m .
Peter Hewitt , its chief executive , said : " The impact is likely to be felt across the whole of England and disproportionately by smaller arts organisations , local projects and individual artists . "
Dame Liz Forgan , chair of the Heritage Lottery Fund , which will lose £ 90 m , said : " This will impact on our ability to invest in the nation 's heritage at exactly the time it is being showcased to the world in 2012 . "
Lord Coe , chair of London 2012 , said the games would transform he East End , bringing thousands of new homes and jobs .
" We must make the most of this opportunity for the benefit of future generations , " he said .
Growing cost
In 2005 the public sector funding package totalled £ 3.4bn
£ 1.5 bn from national lottery ( £ 750 m from games and draws ; £ 340 m from sports lottery ; £ 410 m from arts , national heritage and Big Lottery Fund good causes
£ 625 m from London mayor
£ 250 m from London Development Agency
£ 1bn from the Treasury
In 2007 the revised budget total stands at £ 9.3bn
£ 5.3 m for the Olympic Delivery Authority
£ 2.2 bn programme contingency
£ 840 m for tax and VAT
£ 600 m for security
£ 390 m invested in training elite athletes and costs of Paralympics
How it will be funded
£ 6bn from Treasury
£ 675 m extra from lottery , including funds from Sport England , Arts Council England , Heritage Lottery Fund Big Lottery Fund .
£ 300 m extra from London mayor
DIGG THIS
Everyone knows that Bush ’s Iraq " surge " will not work .
Even the authors of the plan , neoconservatives Frederick Kagan and Jack Keane , have emphasized that the plan cannot work with any less than an addition of 50,000 US troops committed to another three years of combat .
Bush is only adding 40 % of that number of troops , and Defense Secretary Gates speaks of the operation being over by summer ’s end .
On January 18 a panel of retired generals testifying on Capitol Hill slammed Bush ’s surge plan as " a fool ’s errand . "
Even the easily bamboozled American public knows the plan will not work .
Newsweek ’s latest poll released January 20 shows that only 23 % of the public support sending more troops to Iraq and that twice as many Americans trust the Democrats in Congress than trust Bush .
A majority of Americans ( 54 % ) believe Bush to be neither honest nor ethical , and 57 % believe that Bush lacks " strong leadership qualities . "
Nevertheless , Bush defended his surge plan , telling a group of TV stations last week , " I believe it will work . "
Bush is correct that it will work — indeed , the surge is working .
We have to be clear about how the plan works .
It does not mean that 21,500 more US troops will bring order and stability to Iraq .
The surge is working , because it is deflecting attention from the Bush Regime ’s real game plan .
The real game plan is to orchestrate a war with Iran and to initiate wider conflict in the Middle East before public and military pressure forces the Bush Regime to withdraw US troops from Iraq .
Two US carrier attack groups have been deployed to the Persian Gulf .
US missile systems are being sent to oil producing countries to counter any incoming missiles from Iran should any survive the US attack .
Israeli pilots have been training for an attack on Iran .
US war doctrine has been changed to permit pre-emptive nuclear attack on non-nuclear countries .
US attack aircraft have been deployed at bases in Turkey .
A neocon admiral who attends AIPAC events has been made commander in chief of US forces in the Middle East .
Obviously , the ground war in Iraq and Afghanistan are not the focus of the Bush Regime ’s new military deployments .
The Bush Regime is focused on attacking Iran .
In CounterPunch ( January 16 ) Col.
Sam Gardiner reports that the Bush Regime has put into operation a group led by National Security Council staff whose mission is to create and foment outrage against Iran .
Col .
Gardiner details various signs of the Bush Regime ’s escalation and indicates some of the final deployments that will signal an imminent strike on Iran , such as " USAF tankers moved to unusual places , like Bulgaria " in order to position them for refueling B - 2 bombers on their way to Iran .
Both Michel Chossudovsky ( ICH Jan. 17 ) and Jorge Hirsch ( Antiwar.com Jan. 20 ) have recently documented evidence that the Bush Regime is orchestrating a crisis with Iran that can lead to the use of nuclear weapons to attack Iran .
Civil libertarians who have observed the Bush Regime ’s concentration of dictatorial powers in the presidency expect that war with Iran , especially if fearful nuclear weapons are used , will be accompanied by Bush ’s declaration of a state of emergency .
The Bush Regime will use the state of emergency to grab more arbitrary and dictatorial powers in the name of protecting " national security interests " and American citizens from " terrorism . "
As the Regime ’s crimes against the US Constitution and humanity will be monstrous , dissent will be throttled in ways that will make Americans afraid to speak , or even to think , the truth .
By stifling dissent , the Bush Regime will escape accountability for launching wars on the basis of blatant lies .
It will complete its destruction of the civil liberties that protect free speech , dissent , and Americans from arbitrary arrest and indefinite detention without charges or access to attorneys .
Congress is wasting precious time with non-binding resolutions and debates over cutting off war funding .
The Bush Regime is rushing the country into a war and a domestic police state .
Writing in Slate , Dahlia Lithwick reports that one of the main goals of the so - called " war on terror " ( essentially a propagandistic hoax ) is to achieve a massive expansion in unaccountable executive power .
This is a long - time goal of VP Cheney and his chief of staff , David Addington .
It is also the main goal of the " conservative " Federalist Society , an organization of Republican lawyers from whose membership Republican judicial nominees are drawn .
American public opinion is being manipulated .
In the name of protecting " American freedom and democracy , " the Bush regime rides roughshod over both as it ignores both the public and Congress and proceeds with a catastrophic policy supported by no one but the Bush Regime and a cabal of power - mad neoconservatives ..
Nothing can stop the Regime except the immediate impeachment of Bush and Cheney .
This is America ’s last chance .
The Best of Paul Craig Roberts
By By Telafree Jan 5 , 2007 in World The new House Speaker , Nancy Pelosi , celebrated her first night by throwing a party with a house band not quite everyone will recognize .
The " House Band " , which featured three members of The Grateful Dead as well as members from the band
If this is the music that the new Speaker enjoys , I have to give her props .
All of those musicians are talented musicians and I can't imagine anyone not having a good time dancing to the music .
I just hope that she does not turn out to be another blathering politician talking about what they will do and then not following through with what they promised .
I would like to hope that Nancy will use this time to set things straight and if her recent pledge to " take the House gavel away from special interests and pass it to " the hands of America 's children . " is any indication of what is fueling her then I can't wait to watch her soar .
I choose to be hopeful that this change will be a positive one .
Fortunately , or unfortunately we do n't vote for politicians in America based on the kind of music they listen to .
But , for me personally , it was a nice surprise to find out that the new House Speaker has great taste in music .
Let 's just get it out of the way now .
Nancy Pelosi is a Deadhead .
" ' Ms. Pelosi is a huge Dead fan , ' her spokeswoman said .
The Dead you say ?
Or perhaps it should say The Grateful Dead .
The remaining members of the American band the Grateful Dead played tonight for the party celebrating the new re balancing of power and the installation of Nancy Pelosi as the Speaker of the House .
The live music concert touted as " on January 4th , Nancy Pelosi Presents " wound down about 10:30 pm EST .
The " House Band " , which featured three members of The Grateful Dead as well as members from the band Phish and The Allman Brothers Band opened the show with a touching " End of the Innocence ' by Bruce Hornsby followed by " Touch of Grey " by The Grateful Dead .
Then Tony Bennet sang " The Best is Yet to Come " and " I Left My Heart in San Francisco " .
Near the end of the concert , Wyclef Jean joined the house band to close the live music with Aiko Aiko .
The encore was " You 've Got a Friend " .
If this is the music that the new Speaker enjoys , I have to give her props .
All of those musicians are talented musicians and I can't imagine anyone not having a good time dancing to the music .
I just hope that she does not turn out to be another blathering politician talking about what they will do and then not following through with what they promised .
I would like to hope that Nancy will use this time to set things straight and if her recent pledge to " take the House gavel away from special interests and pass it to " the hands of America 's children . " is any indication of what is fueling her then I can't wait to watch her soar .
I choose to be hopeful that this change will be a positive one .
Fortunately , or unfortunately we do n't vote for politicians in America based on the kind of music they listen to .
But , for me personally , it was a nice surprise to find out that the new House Speaker has great taste in music .
More about Nancypelosi , Speakerofthehouse , Music , Show , Washingtondc nancypelosi speakerofthehouse music show washingtondc thegratefuldead party
Adjust font size :
Roland S. Martin is a CNN contributor and a talk - show host for WVON - AM in Chicago .
( CNN ) -- Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani was declared the winner of Tuesday 's Republican presidential debate in South Carolina , largely for his smack down of Texas Rep.
Ron Paul , who suggested that America 's foreign policy contributed to the destruction on September 11 , 2001 .
Paul , who is more of a libertarian than a Republican , was trying to offer some perspective on the pitfalls of an interventionist policy by the American government in the affairs of the Middle East and other countries .
" Have you ever read about the reasons they attacked us ?
They attack us because we 've been over there .
We 've been bombing Iraq for 10 years , " he said .
That set Giuliani off .
" That 's really an extraordinary statement , " said Giuliani .
" As someone who lived through the attack of September 11 , that we invited the attack because we were attacking Iraq ; I do n't think I 've ever heard that before and I 've heard some pretty absurd explanations for September 11 . "
As the crowd applauded wildly , Giuliani demanded that Paul retract his statements .
Paul tried to explain the process known as " blowback " -- which is the result of someone else 's action coming back to afflict you -- but the audience drowned him out as the other candidates tried to pounce on him .
After watching all the network pundits laud Giuliani , it struck me that they must be the most clueless folks in the world .
First , Giuliani must be an idiot to not have heard Paul 's rationale before .
That issue has been raised countless times in the last six years by any number of experts .
Second , when we finish with our emotional response , it would behoove us to actually think about what Paul said and make the effort to understand his rationale .
Granted , Americans were severely damaged by the hijacking of U.S. planes , and it has resulted in a worldwide fight against terror .
Was it proper for the United States to respond to the attack ?
Of course !
But should we , as a matter of policy , and moral decency , learn to think and comprehend that our actions in one part of the world could very well come back to hurt us , or , as Paul would say , blow back in our face ?
Absolutely .
His real problem was n't his analysis , but how it came out of his mouth .
What has been overlooked is that Paul based his position on the effects of the 1953 ouster by the CIA of Iranian Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh .
An excellent account of this story is revealed in Stephen Kinzer 's alarming and revealing book , " Overthrow : America 's Century of Regime Change from Hawaii to Iraq , " where he writes that Iran was establishing a government close to a democracy .
But Mossadegh was n't happy that the profit from the country 's primary resource -- oil -- was not staying in the country .
Instead , the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company ( now known British Petroleum , or BP ) was getting 93 percent of the profits .
Mossadegh did n't like that , and wanted a 50 - 50 split .
Kinzer writes that that did n't sit too well with the British government , but it did n't want to use force to protect its interests .
But their biggest friend , the United States , did n't mind , and sought to undermine Mossadegh 's tenure as president .
After all kinds of measures that disrupted the nation , a coup was financed and led by President Dwight Eisenhower 's CIA , and the Shah of Iran was installed as the leader .
We trained his goon squads , thus angering generations of Iranians for meddling in that nation 's affairs .
As Paul noted , what happened in 1953 had a direct relationship to the takeover of the U.S. Embassy in 1979 .
We viewed that as terrorists who dared attack America .
They saw it as ending years of oppression at the hands of the ruthless U.S. - backed Shah regime .
As Americans , we believe in forgiving and forgetting , and are terrible at understanding how history affects us today .
We are arrogant in not recognizing that when we benefit , someone else may suffer .
That will lead to resentment and anger , and if suppressed , will boil over one day .
Does that provide a moral justification for what the terrorists did on September 11 ?
Of course not .
But we should at least attempt to understand why .
Think about it .
Do we have the moral justification to explain the killings of more than 100,000 Iraqis as a result of this war ?
Can we defend the efforts to overthrow other governments whose actions we perceived would jeopardize American business interests ?
The debate format did n't give Paul the time to explain all of this .
But I 'm confident this is what he was saying .
And yes , we need to understand history and how it plays a vital role in determining matters today .
At some point we have to accept the reality that playing big brother to the world -- and yes , sometimes acting as a bully by wrongly asserting our military might -- means that Americans alive at the time may not feel the effects of our foreign policy , but their innocent children will .
Even the Bible says that the children will pay for the sins of their fathers .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are those of the writer .
This is part of an occasional series of commentaries on CNN.com that offers a broad range of perspectives , thoughts and points of view .
From its beginning in 2004 , the UCS Scientific Integrity program spent the next five years collecting over 100 stories of scientific integrity abuses from a variety of government agencies .
Linked below are some of the most compelling — not to say outrageous — of these stories : tales of interference , suppression of data , muzzling of scientists , the well - traveled " revolving door " between industry and public service , and the stacking of scientific advisory boards .
GONZALES DEATH WATCH ….
Michael Isikoff reports that Alberto Gonzales has wiped his schedule clean and brought the Justice Department to a “ state of paralysis ” in order to prepare for his April 17 testimony before Congress .
Apparently it ’s not going well :
At a recent “ prep ” for a prospective Sunday talk - show interview , Gonzales ’s performance was so poor that top aides scrapped any live appearances .
During the March 23 session in the A.G. ’s conference room , Gonzales was grilled by a team of top aides and advisers — including former Republican National Committee chair Ed Gillespie and former White House lawyer Tim Flanigan — about what he knew about the plan to fire seven U.S. attorneys last fall .
But Gonzales kept contradicting himself and “ getting his timeline confused , ” said one participant who asked not to be identified talking about a private meeting .
His advisers finally got “ exasperated ” with him , the source added .
“ He ’s not ready , ” Tasia Scolinos , Gonzales ’s public - affairs chief , told the A.G. ’s top aides after the session was over , said the source .
Everyone prepares for congressional testimony , but this is ridiculous .
If Gonzales was planning to simply tell the truth , he would n’t “ keep contradicting himself ” in practice sessions and he would n’t need to bring his schedule to a standstill in order to figure out what he ’s planning to say .
He ’d just review the appropriate documents to make sure he had his dates straight and then tell Congress what happened .
Obviously , though , that ’s not quite what he ’s planning to do , is it ?
The men were seized at 1030 local time when they boarded a boat in the Gulf , off the coast of Iraq , which they suspected was smuggling cars .
The Royal Navy said the group was on a routine patrol in Iraqi waters and were understood to be unharmed .
But Iranian state television quoted the Iran foreign ministry as saying they had illegally entered Iranian waters .
The Associated Press news agency is quoting US Navy official , Commander Kevin Aandahl , as saying that Iran 's Revolutionary Guard were responsible .
Mr Aandahl is also reported as saying the naval force had told them in a radio message that the British were not harmed .
We understand that they were in two boats that were operating in Iraqi waters
Margaret Beckett , Foreign Secretary
Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett has demanded the immediate and safe return of the HMS Cornwall servicemen .
She added that she had called for a " full explanation " from Iran and had left them in no doubt that she wanted the group and their equipment back immediately .
The task force 's commander , Commodore Nick Lambert , said he was hoping there had been a " simple mistake " over territorial waters .
" There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that they [ British personnel ] were in Iraqi territorial waters .
Equally , the Iranians may claim they were in Iranian territorial waters .
" We may well find that this is a simple misunderstanding at the tactical level . "
Helicopters had reported seeing two British boats being moved along the Shatt al - Arab waterway to Iranian bases and there had been no evidence of fighting , he added .
He said that despite scant communication , the 15 people were understood to be safe and had reacted in an " extremely professional way , in line with the rules of engagement " .
HMS CORNWALL FACTS Multi-national force flagship in the northern Gulf Type 22 frigate Crew : 250 ( Max 301 ) Length : 148.1 m / 485.9ft Speed : 30 knots Source : Royal Navy
Profile of HMS Cornwall Ex-detainee ' concerned '
Mrs Beckett said : " We understand that they were in two boats that were operating in Iraqi waters in accordance with the Security Council Resolution 1723 in support of the government of Iraq to stop smuggling . "
On Friday afternoon , the Iranian ambassador in London , Rasoul Movahedian , met permanent secretary , Sir Peter Ricketts , at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office .
The foreign secretary said the meeting had been " brisk but polite " and said the British ambassador in Iran had also been speaking to officials in Tehran .
The MoD said it had contacted relatives of the group , which comprised eight sailors and seven marines .
There has been no official response so far from Iran , where many ministries and official buildings were closed for a public holiday .
However , state television has reported that the British envoy was summoned to Iran 's foreign ministry .
Servicemen would have been in boats similar to those pictured
Shadow foreign secretary William Hague and Sir Menzies Campbell , leader of the Liberal Democrats , have both backed the call for the group 's immediate and safe return .
The incident comes at a time of renewed tensions with Iran over its nuclear programme and follows claims that most of the violence against UK forces in Basra is being engineered by Iranian elements .
British army Colonel Justin Maciejewski , who is based in Iraq , said Iran was providing " sophisticated weaponry " to insurgents and " Iranian agents " were paying local men to attack British troops .
Iranian officials have in the past denied such claims .
In 2004 , Iran detained eight British servicemen for three days after they allegedly strayed over the maritime border .
The UK claimed the men were " forcibly escorted " into Iranian territorial waters .
The men were paraded blindfolded and made to apologise on Iranian TV before their release was agreed .
The BBC 's diplomatic correspondent James Robbins said the difference this time was that the present Iranian government under President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was much more hardline .
" The political climate is worse with Britain among those confronting Iran over its controversial nuclear programme , " he added .
Posted by Big Gav
Business 2.0 is continuing what seems to be a very common theme in recent weeks - the rush to develop clean energy technologies in Silicon Valley and the prospect of this ridding us of the curse of big oil - in the comprehensive " Lighting up the $ 1 trillion power market " .
There 's a missile - bunker vibe you get when walking into Solaicx , a Silicon Valley startup that manufactures the silicon wafers that are the building blocks of solar panels .
In one half of the nondescript Santa Clara warehouse , three men sit hunched on a wood platform 8 feet above the cement floor , their eyes locked on two monitors .
The screens show data and video gathered from a 24 - foot - tall steel tower .
The tower begins in a squat , gourd - shaped base and tapers to a cannon - size column with a long drum spinning slowly on top .
Thick power cables snake down its sides .
Another sci -fi-looking tower rises up off to one side of the building .
Inside the tower that has everyone 's attention , molten silicon is being added to a thin , 8 - inch - long rod , or " seed , " of silicon .
After 15 hours of precise spinning and pulling , the seed will grow to a mirror - finished ingot about 4 feet long and weighing more than 150 pounds .
If it 's perfect - and that is the point of Solaicx 's cutting - edge technology - it will form a single crystal matrix , which is then trimmed and sliced into 1,000 wafers that sell for $ 5 apiece and are used by companies like General Electric to build the most efficient solar modules on the market today .
Solaicx is one of dozens of Silicon Valley firms driving a sizzling $ 11 billion worldwide market in solar energy , part of a rapidly expanding alternative - energy economy that promises to shake up the way power is produced and consumed as profoundly as the region 's computer and Internet companies upended global communications and commerce in the late 20th century .
The signs of world - changing transformation are everywhere : Venture capitalists are pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into Valley solar startups pursuing technological breakthroughs to make sun power as cheap as fossil fuel .
Three of the largest tech IPOs of 2005 were for solar companies , including San Jose - based SunPower , a spinoff of chipmaker Cypress Semiconductor .
Other old - line Valley tech companies are also jumping into the market .
Among the most significant is Applied Materials ( Charts ) .
The world 's largest chip - equipment maker will begin producing machines to manufacture solar wafers , laying the groundwork for an industrial infrastructure that should lower the cost of producing solar cells .
For the first time in many years , high - tech manufacturing plants - yes , factories - are being built in Silicon Valley .
Why the gold rush ?
Solar is not the only alternative - energy source generating interest in the Valley : Biofuels , fuel cells , and hydrogen power are all attracting their fair share of investment .
But solar energy has just the sort of oversize potential that the titans of tech saw in computing : a free and practically inexhaustible power source that rises every day .
Fears about global warming have triggered public and political demand for renewable energy , which is expected to become a $ 167 billion global market by 2015 .
In September , California enacted landmark global - warming legislation to force the state 's largest industrial polluters to reduce their greenhouse - gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 .
The new law will likely lead to the creation of a California carbon market , allowing clean - energy producers in the world 's sixth - largest economy to sell carbon credits to polluters who can't or wo n't reduce their spew .
A similar regional market is being developed by New York and six other Northeastern states .
California is also committing $ 3.2 billion to fund a drive to install solar panels on a million rooftops by 2018 , and a November ballot initiative backed by Silicon Valley heavyweights such as venture capitalists Vinod Khosla and John Doerr and Google co-founder Larry Page would tax Big Oil to provide $ 4 billion in funding for alternative - energy research , programs , and startups .
BusinessWeek : Green architecture gets a lot of press , and smart companies are starting to see that green buildings can not only help preserve the environment , but also help a business 's bottom line — not to mention garner press .
Can businesses even push themselves beyond LEED in terms of saving the environment and their own dollars ?
Alex Steffen : Traditionally , environmentalists have been perceived as being antitech , antibusiness , and antiprosperity .
We 're now seeing a new kind of environmental movement that 's interested in embracing science and technology for better solutions , and that includes businesses .
We talk a lot about a bright green economy .
But the most negative force that has the largest environmental impact is inefficiency .
Businesses need to get smarter about delivering what people want , without wasting resources .
They need to realize that no one makes money by making more waste .
As for green architecture , LEED was the goal only a few years ago .
But now people who are on the cutting edge are going beyond LEED , such as the development of totally self - sufficient , zero- energy - footprint flats in London , developed by Yorklake and BedZed .
Businesses should realize that they will make more money if they push farther than LEED .
Some claim that buildings cost less up front by being built green — using materials from the site to cut down on transportation costs such as fuel , for example .
I think we 're now headed toward the goal of zero-energy , zero - waste buildings .
Sure , it sounds really dramatic .
But once we get a compelling , good example , the whole field of green architecture will shift .
I am going to be reposting , article by article , my How To Talk to a Climate Skeptic guide here at Grist .
Before beginning , I would like to make a correction , present a plan , offer an explanation , and make a request .
David said that after 60 or so articles the guide is a " mission accomplished . "
Unfortunately , there really is a lot left to cover !
That 's the correction .
The plan is to present these articles roughly following the Stages of Denial sorting , so it will read like a " journey of discovery . "
The explanation is prompted by a few comments I got from some of the more sophisticated contrarians I tangled with at the original site .
They complained that the arguments I was debunking were often shallow or silly -- that they were red herrings .
I would like to state clearly for the record : there is not a single argument I addressed that I have not seen being made repeatedly on blogs , usenet , or less scientifically literate venues like the op - ed page of the Wall Street Journal .
I can not defend against the charge that the denialist 's material is sometimes shallow , silly , or even downright ludicrous , but if it is good enough for the Senate floor or the congressional record , it is good enough for me to address .
Next Monday , Sir Nicholas Stern , a former chief economist with the World Bank , will warn that governments need to tackle the global warming problem head - on by cutting emissions or face economic ruin .
His findings , according to The Guardian , will turn " economic argument about global warming on its head by insisting that fighting global warming will save industrial nations money . "
The US and Australia have refused to join the Kyoto protocol because it would harm the economy .
Prime Minister John Howard told Four Corners recently " we have a lot of reservations about carbon taxes because carbon taxes are going to impose huge costs on the Australian economy . "
But Crikey has put managed to put together a rather long list of CEOs who seem to disagree with the PM .
The following business leaders are putting their money where their mouths are and demanding a stronger government response to global warming .
They 're also showing how businesses can become more profitable by responding to climate change now .
Michael Hawker , CEO , Insurance Australia Group :
Has recognised the risks to insurance industry from global warming and the business opportunities .
Recently told CEO Forum Group , “ We have a very direct interest in this ... we pay claims as a result of environmental events , such as storms , bushfires , and so on , many of which have a direct relationship to global warming .
One of the consequences of this is the increasing costs of claims in the market place ... We respond to that in two ways : ... price the cost of insurance to reflect the increased risk , but the other is to explain to the community the likely costs of environmental warming ... ”
A member of the Australian Business Roundtable on Climate Change , launched in April , which has called for Australia to have its own carbon pricing regime .
David Morgan , CEO Westpac : Westpac has created a green home loan product that distinguishes Westpac from other banks .
In June 2003 , Westpac adopted the Equator Principles , a voluntary set of guidelines which have been developed for managing social and environmental issues relating to the financing of projects .
In a joint CEO statement as part of the Business Roundtable , Morgan stated , “ ... Australia can deliver significant reductions at an affordable cost .
Furthermore , the longer we delay acting , the more expensive it becomes for business and for the wider Australian economy . ”
Paul Anthony , CEO AGL : Told the Eureka Report , " I think the biggest overhang though is the lack of any coherent policy on carbon trading ... what we 're trying to do is build a modern fleet of generating capability that 's a mix of renewable and clean - burn gas - fired generation .
So in the back of our mind , we 're assuming that there 's going to be a carbon policy in place , and every single step we take to build out our generation fleet is either clean - burn gas - fired technology or we 're looking at renewable technology . ” ...
THE Government would consider subsidising nuclear power to make it affordable , Environment Minister Ian Campbell indicated last night .
Senator Campbell said the Government would not penalise coal - burning power stations in order to make their energy more expensive and bring it on a par with nuclear - generated energy .
Asked on ABC television whether nuclear power would be uneconomic unless coal - fired power stations were penalised for polluting the atmosphere , Senator Campbell said the Government preferred incentives over penalties and taxes .
" When you realise that Australia is 1.46 per cent of global ( carbon dioxide ) emissions , creating policy measures in Australia that put up the price of energy ... that is the Labor way of doing things , " Senator Campbell told ABC television .
" The other way is to create incentives .
" Whenever you want to create an energy source that is more expensive to create infrastructure - wise than what we are doing at the moment , you will need some sort of subsidy . "
The Federal Government 's recent acknowledgment of the dangers posed by global warming continued yesterday when the Treasurer , Peter Costello , reversed a plan to abolish consumer rebates for solar energy .
The scheme , which provides incentives for installing solar power in homes , business , schools and community centres , was slashed on January 1 and scheduled for abolition by June 30 next year .
But Mr Costello said yesterday he supported the scheme and it would not be phased out .
" My own view is it should continue .
I am certainly not supporting its abolition . "
An announcement on the scheme 's future was likely to be made in the federal budget in May , but could come sooner , he said .
The about - face followed a campaign by Channel Seven 's Sunrise program and criticism from Labor .
With the polls showing most people are worried about climate change and the drought fuelling those concerns , the Government has shed its scepticism about global warming in recent weeks .
Climate change could push the world into the worst recession since the Great Depression , with many countries facing economic ruin , a comprehensive British report on the effects of global warming will warn next week .
The report , written by the former World Bank chief economist Sir Nicholas Stern and commissioned by the British Treasury , seeks to overturn conventional wisdom by insisting that fighting climate change will save - not cost - governments money .
The report 's contents have been kept secret but Sir Nicholas briefed environment and energy ministers from the world 's top 20 greenhouse gas-emitting nations - including the Industry , Tourism and Resources Minister , Ian McFarlane - in Mexico this month .
Britain's chief scientist , Sir David King , said the report indicated " that if we do n't take global action … we will be faced with the kind of downturn that has not been seen since the Great Depression and the two world wars " .
" If you look at sea level rises alone , and the impact that will have on global economies where cities are becoming inundated by flooding … this will cause the displacement of hundreds of millions of people , " he said .
Sir David described the Stern report as the most detailed economic analysis that has been conducted and said it would " surprise many people in terms of the relatively small cost of action . "
GE 's advance allows for a solid - oxide fuel cell to use coal - based fuels at costs approaching that of conventional power plants .
One of the most efficient ways to produce power at future coal - gasification power plants is with solid - oxide fuel cells , which use the hydrogen from the gas stream to generate electricity through chemical reactions .
This is more efficient than simply combusting the gas stream from coal gasification .
And unlike other types of fuel cells , the solid - oxide variety can operate at very high temperatures and efficiencies , and be scaled up to provide cities with power .
But among the various challenges to developing the technology , manufacturing cost has been a potential deal breaker .
Now , researchers at GE have demonstrated a manufacturing method that assembles layers of ceramic and electrolyte materials cheaply so that the final product can be built for about $ 800 a kilowatt , which starts to approach the $ 500 - to - $ 550 - per - kilowatt cost of building a conventional gas - fired power plant .
GE 's six - kilowatt prototype achieves 49 percent efficiency in converting fuel into electricity , which compares favorably with the 35 percent efficiency of conventional coal - burning power plants .
The conventional way to think about peak oil is collapse .
I think that the better way to view it is as a test of systemic resiliency .
Those systems that can bridge the gap through innovation will reap the benefits ( a BIG shift in wealth ) .
World production of crude oil may have already peaked , setting the stage for declining output that could lag demand , a top advocate of the " peak oil " theory said on Thursday .
Matthew Simmons , chairman of Simmons & Co. International , a Houston - based investment banking firm specializing in the energy sector , said U.S. government data showed that the world oil supply has declined through the first half of this year .
Energy Information Administration data showed world supply of crude oil has declined to 83.98 million barrels per day in the second quarter after hitting 84.35 million bpd in the fourth quarter of 2005 .
" If you basically have another six to ten months of that decline lasting , then I think for certain we would look back and say , ' Guess what ?
We actually reached a sustainable peak in crude oil production in December 2005 , ' " Simmons said at a meeting of the United States of the the Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas .
Other speakers at the conference took a more tempered view of the world 's oil capacity , arguing that peak production is still a few years out .
Ironically , the aggressive Washington foreign policy of the era of Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld since 2001 has done more to nurture the one strategic combination in Eurasia most dreaded by Washington political realists such as Henry Kissinger or Zbigniew Brzezinski , namely a strategic military and economic cooperation on a deep , long - term basis between two former Cold War foes , China and President Vladimir Putin 's Russia .
Putin has taken a number of steps in recent months to shore up relations with Russia 's most important potential strategic Eurasian partner , China .
In March he went to Beijing to discuss increased bilateral energy cooperation , a theme dear to the heart of energy - hungry China .
Top on that agenda was China 's wish that a pipeline from Taishet in Siberia be built to bring oil to Daqing in China .
In addition , the China National Petroleum Co ( CNPC ) and the Russian Rosneft oil company signed several agreements for joint energy projects .
And Gazprom and CNPC signed a memorandum of understanding to supply Russian natural gas to China .
With Sudan and the Middle East under increasing pressure from the United States , Sino - Russian energy cooperation has moved to the top of China 's foreign - policy agenda .
At the end of this month , Russia and China will meet again in Moscow to discuss further energy cooperation .
As well , Russia is a major supplier of arms to China , and military cooperation between the two states is increasing .
In 2001 the two signed the Russia - China Friendship and Cooperation Treaty , the first such bilateral treaty since 1950 .
A major point covered " joint actions to offset a perceived US hegemonism " .
That was two months before September 11 and the ensuing Iraq invasion .
In August 2005 the two countries held their first joint military exercises to increase bilateral coordination in " fighting the war on terrorism " .
In terms of overall standard of living , mortality and economic prosperity , Russia today is not a world - class power .
In terms of energy , it is a colossus .
In terms of landmass , it is still the single largest nation in the world .
It has vast territory and vast natural resources , and it has the world 's largest reserves of natural gas , the energy source currently the focus of major global power plays .
In addition , it is the only power with the military capability to match that of the United States , despite the collapse of the Soviet Union and consequent deterioration of the Russian military .
Russia has more than 130,000 oil wells and some 2,000 identified oil and gas deposits , of which at least 900 are not being exploited .
Oil reserves have been estimated at 150 billion barrels , similar perhaps to Iraq .
They could be far larger but have not yet been exploited because of the difficulty of drilling in some remote Arctic regions .
Oil prices above US$ 60 a barrel begin to make it economic to explore in those remote regions .
...
Late last month a seemingly minor dispute exploded and resulted in the revocation of the environmental permit for Royal Dutch Shell 's Sakhalin II liquefied - natural - gas project , which had been due to deliver LNG to Japan , South Korea and other customers by 2008 .
Shell is lead energy partner in an Anglo - Japanese oil and gas development project on Sakhalin , a vast Russian island north of Hokkaido , Japan .
At the same time , the Putin government announced that environmental requirements had also not been met by ExxonMobil for its
De Kastri oil terminal built on Sakhalin as part of its Sakhalin I oil and gas development project .
Sakhalin I contains an estimated 8 billion barrels of oil and vast volumes of gas , making the field a rare " super giant " oil find , in geologists ' terminology .
In the early 1990s the government of Russian president Boris Yeltsin made a desperation bid to attract needed investment capital and technology into exploiting Russian oil and gas regions at a time when the government was broke and oil prices very low .
In a bold departure , Yeltsin granted US and other Western oil majors generous exploration rights to two large oil projects , Sakhalin I and Sakhalin II .
Under a production sharing agreement ( PSA ) , ExxonMobil , lead partner of the Sakhalin I oil project , got tax - free Russian concessions .
Under the terms of the these agreements , which are typical between major Anglo - American oil majors and weak Third World countries , Russia 's government would get paid for the oil and gas rights by receiving a share of eventual oil or gas produced .
But the first drops of oil to Russia would flow only after all project production costs had first been covered .
PSAs were originally developed by Washington and Big Oil to facilitate favorable control by the oil companies of large oil projects in third countries .
The major US oil giants , working with the James Baker Institute , which drafted Dick Cheney 's 2001 Energy Task Force Review , used the PSA form to regain control over Iraq 's oil production , hidden behind the facade of an Iraqi state - owned oil company .
Shortly before the Russian government told ExxonMobil it had problems with its terminal on Sakhalin , ExxonMobil had announced yet another cost increase in the project .
ExxonMobil , whose lawyer is James Baker III , and which is a close partner to the Cheney - Bush White House , announced a 30 % cost increase , something that would put off even further any Russian oil - flow share from the PSA .
The news came on the eve of ExxonMobil plans to open an oil terminal at De Kastri on Sakhalin .
The Russian Environment Ministry and the Agency for Subsoil Use suddenly announced that the terminal did " not meet environmental requirements " and is reportedly considering halting production by ExxonMobil as well .
Researchers fear more than half the world 's coral reefs could die in less than 25 years and say global warming may [ be ] at least partly to blame .
Sea temperatures are rising , weakening the reefs ' resistance to increased pollutants , such as runoff from construction sites and toxins from boat paints .
The fragile reefs are hosts to countless marine plants and animals .
" Think of it as a high school chemistry class , " said Billy Causey , the Caribbean and Gulf Mexico director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
" You mix some chemicals together and nothing happens .
You crank up the Bunsen burner and all of a sudden things start bubbling around .
That 's what 's happening .
That global Bunsen burner is cranking up . "
Last year 's coral loss in the Caribbean waters supports predictions that 60 percent of the world 's coral could die within a quarter century , said Tyler Smith of the University of the Virgin Islands .
" Given current rates of degradation of reef habitats , this is a plausible prediction , " Smith said .
More than 47 percent of the coral in underwater study sites covering 31 acres around the U.S. Virgin Islands died after sea temperatures exceeded the norm for three months in 2005 , said Jeff Miller , a scientist with the Virgin Islands National Park .
Up to 30 percent of the world 's coral reefs have died in the last 50 years , and another 30 percent are severely damaged , said Smith , who studies coral health in the U.S. Virgin Islands and collaborates with researchers globally .
Corn raised by future Iowa farmers could look more like the corn produced by their ancestors , with more substantial stalks , biofuels industry experts said Wednesday .
As investment in biomass - based , or cellulosic , ethanol production grows , so will demand for crop residue .
He and others predicted that some sectors could be hurt by the growing industry .
Corn production may take cropland from soybeans , for instance , making soy products more costly .
Higher corn prices , driven up by demand from ethanol plants , could increase costs for many livestock feeders .
" The intersection of agriculture and energy is going to be a disruptive event , " said David Miller , director of research and commodity services for the Iowa Farm Bureau Federation .
That " can be good or bad , but it is going to be disruptive . "
Farmers are at their wits end in getting paid a living wage for producing food .
Food is kept cheap in this country at the expense of the people who grow it .
Not every year granted , but over the long haul a few bad years can drive a farmer out of business .
They are backing anything that increases commodity grain and food prices .
I disagree that people in Iowa do not understand the ramifications of using plants for fuel .
They understand very well and expect a balance to be achieved some time in the future for land being used for food , fuel or structural materials .
Currently it is only food .
When other countries have a good crop , farmers lose money or must get a subsidy ( greater subsidy ? ) from the government .
Iowa farmers would rather have everyone pay them more but have the country spend less on imported oil and subsidies .
Most people in Iowa understand this as well .
Give the farming base more money and they will be better stewards of the land and spend more money locally , that translates into jobs .
With enough income in the state you get new business development making farm equipment , service jobs and maybe even a new industrial base making real physical goods other than farm equipment .
The harsh reality is if Iowa ships more finished goods and less raw food stocks , out of state , the state nets more income .
It is all about transfer of wealth .
Where is the wealth being generated vs where do we want it to be generated ?
Right now there is a giant sucking sound of money going to oil companies and / or overseas .
This must end , either by design or after all the wealth is sucked out of the state and country .
And I am sure this means more food must be grown outside of Iowa but is n't that what the shop locally for food movement is all about ?
Domestic wind turbines are gaining in popularity in Britain , where some 80,000 homes now use small renewable power generation units to provide energy for residents , reports a recent Reuters article .
Donnachadh McCarthy , who last November earned distinction as the first Londoner permitted to put a wind turbine on his house , is using the unit and other renewable energy devices to feed surplus power back to the grid .
“ I have exported 20 percent more electricity than I ’ve imported this year , ” he boasts , noting that his carbon footprint is less than half a ton , far below the European Union average of 8.5 metric tons .
A promise earlier this year by David Cameron , leader of the UK ’s opposition Conservative Party , to install a wind turbine and solar panel on his home led to dramatically increased sales of “ microgeneration ” products — especially wind turbines — nationwide , the article notes .
Mainstream retailers , such as B&Q , a chain of hardware stores run by Kingfisher Plc. , sell domestic turbines for around 1,500 British pounds ( US $ 2,800 ) .
But the number of smaller producers is growing as well .
Futurenergy , for example , sells about 100 of its £ 695 ( $ 1,200 ) turbines each week to customers around the world , according to company director Peter Osborne .
Two laboratory breakthroughs are poised to dramatically improve how plastics are made by assembling molecular chains more quickly and with less waste .
Using such environmentally friendly substances as Vitamin C or pure water , the two approaches present attractive alternatives to the common plastic manufacturing technique called free radical polymerization ( FRP ) .
Plastics are polymers , long , potentially complex , molecule chains crafted from an array of smaller chemical units .
Using FRP , chemical engineers can create the right plastic for a range of applications , such as a specific trim for a car door or soft foam for a pillow .
Researchers from Carnegie Mellon University have discovered that adding vitamin C , glucose , or other electron - absorbing agents to a powerful plastic manufacturing method can reduce the needed copper catalyst by 1000 times .
Because the catalyst has to be removed from the end products , less of the metal means far less waste and drastically reduced costs .
Note that the plastic will still be made with petroleum .
The new technique simply improves on the manufacturing process .
Bioplastics are greener because they are made with organic materials , and are thus biodegradable .
Alex Steffen interview in Business Week on the WorldChanging book launch and related matters .
Grist is posting a step by step guide on " How To Talk to a Climate Skeptic " .
Crikey reports that concern about global warming is growing in the business world , which puts the Rodent ( one of those climate skeptics who needs a good talking to ) in a difficult position - how to do the bidding of the coal companies without getting the rest of the business sector offside .
I love reading that kind of stuff - most businesses can't afford to irrationally stick to paranoid ideologies the way some think tanks and political parties do ... Less amusingly , the Minister for Hypocrisy , Ian Campbell , shows that the government is willing to stoop as low as it possibly can when it comes to trying to solve the energy dilemna - the obvious solution - carbon taxes , which allow the market to determine the best way to produce energy cleanly ( which is supposedly in line with stated government policy and ideology ) are forbidden , but handing out subsidies to start a nuclear power industry is apparently OK - our tax dollars going to waste propping up government cronies to produce a product no one wants ...
On a positive note , the government has been shamed into retaining their small subsidies for consumers to install solar power after feeling the heat from voters .
While the polls seem to be the only thing that can make the government acknowledge global warming , one would hope that their spin that dealing with global warming is expensive is about to come to a shameful end , with more and more reports noting that its cheaper to deal with global warming than it is to let it continue to accelerate ( which is no doubt why the business community is largely starting to push for action ) .
Technology Review has an article on " A Practical Fuel - Cell Power Plant " which looks at cleaner and more efficient ways of generating power from coal in next generation power plants .
John Robb has a micro post on peak oil
While I completely agree with John , this once again makes me wish people would n't accept that the conventional belief regarding peak oil is that it means collapse ( though thats certainly true in doomer circles ) .
If everyone believes this then it will become a self fulfilling prophecy when we realise we 're past the peak ( whenever that happens ) .
Peak oil is an opportunity to move to cleaner energy sources ( or dirtier energy sources , depending on which road we take ) .
Its hard to prepare a convincing case that there will be less net energy available in 10 years time than there is today , even if we 've already passed the peak of conventional oil production right now ( a subject I 'm going to rant about at length one day - and I 'm going to rant about a little more tomorrow ) .
Dave at SPO likes to say " peak oil is an infrastructure problem , not an energy problem " , which sums it up perfectly in my view .
Reuters has a report from the ASPO USA conference , quoting Matt Simmons saying that we may have already passed the peak .
William Engdahl has a 2 part series in The Asia Times on " The Emerging Russian Giant " which has a reasonably detailed look at energy and infrastructure projects in Russia anlong with a whole lot of speculation about the geopolitical implications ( John Robb also has a post on Russian gas ) .
Past Peak has a grim post on coral dieoff
The " Des Moines Register " , from out in the corn fields , has an article on how the adoption of biofuel may alter the physical form of corn plants over time .
One commenter at TOD noted I 'm not totally enamoured of the redesign of WorldChanging - it looks nice enough , but I found the old layout a lot more information dense ( which is something I 'd like Peak Energy to be if I ever find the time to do a redesign ) .
Hopefully the new look will grow on me .
One new report is on domestic wind turbines in London TreeHugger has a post on creating plastics with Vitamin C or Water ( though oil is still involved in this process unfortunately , so its not a pure bioplastic ) .
No tinfoil tonight ( unless you count Engdahl in that category - I 'm sure you know where to find some ) ...
When you design user interfaces , it ’s a good idea to keep two principles in mind :
Users do n’t have the manual , and if they did , they would n’t read it .
In fact , users ca n’t read anything , and if they could , they would n’t want to .
These are not , strictly speaking , facts , but you should act as if they are facts , for it will make your program easier and friendlier .
Designing with these ideas in mind is called respecting the user , which means , not having much respect for the user .
Confused ?
Let me explain .
What does it mean to make something easy to use ?
One way to measure this is to see what percentage of real - world users are able to complete tasks in a given amount of time .
For example , suppose the goal of your program is to allow people to convert digital camera photos into a web photo album .
If you sit down a group of average users with your program and ask them all to complete this task , then the more usable your program is , the higher the percentage of users that will be able to successfully create a web photo album .
To be scientific about it , imagine 100 real world users .
They are not necessarily familiar with computers .
They have many diverse talents , but some of them distinctly do not have talents in the computer area .
Some of them are being distracted while they try to use your program .
The phone is ringing .
WHAT ?
The baby is crying .
WHAT ?
And the cat keeps jumping on the desk and batting around the mouse .
I CAN ’T HEAR YOU !
Now , even without going through with this experiment , I can state with some confidence that some of the users will simply fail to complete the task , or will take an extraordinary amount of time doing it .
I do n’t mean to say that these users are stupid .
Quite the contrary , they are probably highly intelligent , or maybe they are accomplished athletes , but vis - à - vis your program , they are just not applying all of their motor skills and brain cells to the usage of your program .
You ’re only getting about 30 % of their attention , so you have to make do with a user who , from inside the computer , does not appear to be playing with a full deck .
Users Do n’t Read the Manual .
First of all , they actually do n’t have the manual .
There may not be a manual .
If there is one , the user might not have it , for all kinds of logical reasons : they ’re on the plane ; they are using a downloaded demo version from your web site ; they are at home and the manual is at work ; their IS department never gave them the manual .
Even if they have the manual , frankly , they are simply not going to read it unless they absolutely have no other choice .
With very few exceptions , users will not cuddle up with your manual and read it through before they begin to use your software .
In general , your users are trying to get something done , and they see reading the manual as a waste of time , or at the very least , as a distraction that keeps them from getting their task done .
The very fact that you ’re reading this book puts you in an elite group of highly literate people .
Yes , I know , people who use computers are by and large able to read , but I guarantee you that a good percentage of them will find reading to be a chore .
The language in which the manual is written may not be their first language , and they may not be totally fluent .
They may be kids !
They can decipher the manual if they really must , but they sure ai n’t gonna read it if they do n’t have to .
Users do just - in - time manual reading , on a strictly need - to - know basis .
The upshot of all this is that you probably have no choice but to design your software so that it does not need a manual in the first place .
The only exception I can think of is if your users do not have any domain knowledge — they do n’t really understand what the program is intended to do , but they know that they better learn .
A great example of this is Intuit ’s immensely popular small - business accounting program QuickBooks .
Many of the people who use this program are small business owners who simply have no idea what ’s involved in accounting .
The manual for QuickBooks assumes this and assumes that it will have to teach people basic accounting principles .
There ’s no other way to do it .
Still , if you do know accounting , QuickBooks is easy to use without the manual .
In fact , users do n’t read anything .
This may sound a little harsh , but you ’ll see , when you do usability tests , that there are quite a few users who simply do not read words that you put on the screen .
If you pop up an error box of any sort , they simply will not read it .
This may be disconcerting to you as a programmer , because you imagine yourself as conducting a dialog with the user .
Hey , user !
You ca n’t open that file , we do n’t support that file format !
Still , experience shows that the more words you put on that dialog box , the fewer people will actually read it .
The fact that users do not read the manual leads many software designers to assume that they are going to have to educate users by describing things as they go along .
You see this all over the place in programs .
In principle , it ’s OK , but in reality , people ’s aversion to reading means that this will almost always get you in trouble .
Experienced UI designers literally try to minimize the number of words on dialogs to increase the chances that they will get read .
When I worked on Juno , the UI people understood this principle and tried to write short , clear , simple text .
Sadly , the CEO of the company had been an English major at an Ivy League college ; he had no training in UI design or software engineering , but he sure thought he was a good editor of prose .
So he vetoed the wording done by the professional UI designers and added lots of his own verbiage .
A typical dialog in Juno looks like this :
Compare that to the equivalent dialog from Windows :
Intuitively , you might guess that the Juno version , with 80 words of instructions , would be “ superior ” ( i.e. , easier to use ) than the Windows version , with 5 words of instructions .
In reality , when you run a usability test on this kind of thing , you ’ll find that
advanced users skip over the instructions .
They assume they know how to use things and do n’t have time to read complicated instructions
most novice users skip over the instructions .
They do n’t like reading too much and hope that the defaults will be OK
the remaining novice users who do , earnestly , try to read the instructions ( some of whom are only reading them because it ’s a usability test and they feel obliged ) are often confused by the sheer number of words and concepts .
So even if they were pretty confident that they would be able to use the dialog when it first came up , the instructions actually confused them even more .
Now , Juno was obviously micro-managed beyond all reason .
More to the point , if you ’re an English major from Columbia , then you are in a whole different league of literacy than the average Joe , and you should be very careful about wording dialogs that look helpful to you .
Shorten it , dumb it down , simplify , get rid of the complicated clauses in parentheses , and usability test .
But do not write things that look like Ivy League faculty memos .
Even adding the word “ please ” to a dialog , which may seem helpful and polite , is going to slow people down : the increased bulk of the wording is going to reduce , by some measurable percentage , the number of people who read the text .
Another important point is that many people are intimidated by computers .
You probably know this , right ?
But you may not realize the implications of this .
I was watching a friend try to exit Juno .
For some reason she was having quite a bit of trouble .
I noticed that when you try to exit Juno , the following dialog pops up :
She was hitting No , and then she was kind of surprised that Juno had n’t exited .
The very fact that Juno was questioning her choice made her immediately assume that she was doing something wrong .
Usually , when programs ask you to confirm a command , it ’s because you ’re about to do something which you might regret .
She had assumed that if the computer was questioning her judgment , then the computer must have been right , because , after all , computers are computers where as she was merely a human , so she hit “ No . ”
Is it too much to ask people to read 11 lousy words ?
Well , apparently .
First of all , since exiting Juno has no deleterious effects , Juno should have just exited without prompting for confirmation , like every other GUI program in existence .
But even if you are convinced that it is crucial that people confirm before exiting , you could do it in two words instead of 11 :
Without the completely unnecessary “ thank you ” and the remorse - inspiring “ are you sure ? “ , this dialog is a lot less likely to cause problems .
Users will certainly read the two words , say “ um , duh ? ” to the program , and pound the Yes key .
Sure , the Juno Exit Confirmation dialog trips up a few people , you say , but is it that big a deal ?
Everyone will eventually manage to get out of the program .
But herein lies the difference between a program which is possible to use versus a program which is easy to use .
Even smart , experienced , advanced users will appreciate things that you do to make it easy for the distracted , inexperienced , beginner users .
Hotel bathtubs have big grab bars .
They ’re just there to help disabled people , but everybody uses them anyway to get out of the bathtub .
They make life easier even for the physically fit .
In the next chapter , I ’ll talk a bit about the mouse .
Just like users do n’t / won’t / can’t read , some are not very good at using the mouse , so you have to accommodate them .
The fraud posing as a straight talker fielded a few questions on his bus in Iowa today :
Reporter : " Should U.S. taxpayer money go to places like Africa to fund contraception to prevent AIDS ? "
Mr. McCain : " Well I think it ’s a combination .
The guy I really respect on this is Dr. Coburn .
He believes – and I was just reading the thing he wrote– that you should do what you can to encourage abstinence where there is going to be sexual activity .
Where that does n’t succeed , than he thinks that we should employ contraceptives as well .
But I agree with him that the first priority is on abstinence .
I look to people like Dr. Coburn .
I ’m not very wise on it . "
Q : " What about grants for sex education in the United States ?
Should they include instructions about using contraceptives ?
Or should it be Bush ’s policy , which is just abstinence ? "
Mr. McCain : ( Long pause ) " Ahhh .
I think I support the president ’s policy . "
Q : " So no contraception , no counseling on contraception .
Just abstinence .
Do you think contraceptives help stop the spread of HIV ? "
Mr. McCain : ( Long pause )
" You ’ve stumped me . "
What is PPC marketing and What does PPC stand for ?
PPC is short for pay per click .
It is a type of internet marketing through which website owners and marketers generate traffic to their websites by having their advertisements placed on search engine results pages .
Advertisers pay each time someone clicks on their ad hence the name pay - per-click .
One of the most preferred forms of PPC is search engine marketing because it allows ad placement in the sponsored links section .
Advertisers who use this form of PPC advertising place bids for a keyword and if their bid wins , their ad is placed in that section .
Given that this area is at the top of the search engine results page ( SERP ) , advertisements feature prominently .
You can learn more about Digital Marketing by taking this PPC Certification course .
A well - crafted PPC advertisement has most , if not all of the following parts :
Headline
Product description
Link
Call to action
Benefits
Social mentions
Offer
Geotargeting ( if the business targets a specific location )
Though most adverts will usually include only some of these elements , one thing remains certain : a PPC ad should be attractive enough for people to click on it .
And as is evident in most SEO vs PPC debates , a PPC ad that is well crafted and has the right keywords is a great targeting tool .
What is a PPC Specialist 90
The most important part of being a PPC professional is to take a client ’s budget and turn a profit out of it by running successful PPC marketing campaigns .
A PPC specialist is a person who can demonstrate having achieved such a track record repeatedly .
Unlike other marketers who can have general knowledge of most online marketing areas , a specialized PPC professional must have in - depth knowledge of PPC .
A PPC consultant for instance , is a specialist because they have amassed enough work experience to offer PPC advice and handle end - to - end management of large projects .
What does a PPC Expert do ?
A PPC Expert job entails the following :
Researching keywords relevant to the client ’s business , products , niche and location ,
Selecting , not just the highest - ranking keywords , but also the most relevant
Creating campaigns based on selected keywords
Setting up and optimizing PPC landing pages
The important thing to note here is that if PPC ads are relevant , well targeted and satisfying to visitors , search engines like Google charge less .
So , before you start creating any ads , make sure you have all the skills necessary to get it right the first time .
With that said , let ’s discuss the PPC skills and tools necessary to succeed as a PPC Expert .
What skills and tools do PPC experts need ?
There is a wide range of hard skills ( some of them technical ) , and soft skills , that one should have to create a successful career as a PPC professional .
These include :
Analysis
The pre-launch analysis is a given for every campaign .
But the majority of PPC campaign management post - launch is analysis .
A lot of data is involved in each campaign , hence the ability to not only manipulate data but to also understand it and make projections , is necessary for a PPC analyst .
Without analysis , real - time campaign management would be impossible .
It would also be that much harder to make a profit .
There are quite a number of PPC tools that a PPC analyst uses to aid the performance of their job .
Some of them include :
Google analytics .
This is a free tool with payment options for enterprise - level subscribers .
Certified knowledge .
Starting at $ 79 per month , this tool is vital for data collection and analysis .
Since it is a suite of tools , it is a must - have for anyone going into PPC advertising .
Adalysis .
This is a suite of tools that do split testing , managing keywords , campaign monitoring and reports .
It saves a lot of time because it only issues alerts when it finds anything that needs changing .
It is a paid tool ranging from $ 99 to $ 549 and upwards , depending on the advertising spend .
Excel .
The sorting capabilities within excel make it a must - use for PPC managers .
Excel pivot tables , make it possible to manipulate large quantities of data to reveal patterns embedded in campaigns .
Time management
Things happen fast in the internet world .
Only by being organized and managing time properly does a PPC professional stay relevant .
A great way to manage time is by using tools like Adwords scripts .
Scripts are pre-written code that performs PPC - related tasks such as pausing keywords that are n’t getting impressions , or , fix problems such as broken URLs .
Creative
You do n’t have to an artist but at best , you should be skilful enough to create ads that people will find interesting and want to click on .
Creative ads make people feel something .
For instance , they should feel as though they will miss out if they do not click on featured ads .
There is no shortage of tools for creating visually appealing PPC ads .
Some of the best include :
Canva .
This tool allows you to drag and drop images and inlay them with text .
It is simple to use and a good choice for any level of PPC experience .
Facebook text overlay .
Facebook ads that exceed a certain word limit are likely to miss their intended audience .
Creating Facebook PPC ads with this tool removes the guesswork out of ad creation .
Industry understanding .
This skill is particularly important for PPC consultants because they act in an advisory capacity .
Since customers are drawn from diverse industries , it is important to understand the business world in general , the specifics of each client ’s industry , and , the nuances that define each business .
Such understanding will : facilitate the correct choice of keywords , advise the creation of ad copy , and direct placement decisions .
Google , Bing , Wikipedia and YouTube are reliable tools for learning about clients and the industries they operate in .
Technical skills
Though knowledge of HTML and JavaScript is important , it is possible to be effective in a PPC job with some understanding of tracking codes , tags and retargeting codes .
Adwords Scripts mentioned above is a great hack for PPC professionals who do n’t have coding skills .
Effective communicator
A good PPC manager should be good at explaining things to clients .
They should communicate to clients daily ( if not several times a day ) , about campaign progress .
If changes to the campaign are necessary , it is up to the manager to package the information in a way that will minimize panic , then pass it on to the clients .
Adaptable
Last but not least , a PPC expert must be adaptable .
Things may not always go as planned and a good PPC manager should be quick to notice such signs early and change the course of the campaign .
Being adaptable also means constantly learning and updating your PPC knowledge .
You can learn PPC from sites such as WordStream , although to become a PPC specialist , you should take a structured training course .
Online universities also offer a collection of other digital courses such as search engine marketing , that complement PPC .
Other important free and paid tools that we recommend for PPC include :
Optimizely .
For Split testing
Split testing is part of the continuous PPC ad management process .
It is not possible to know intuitively how ads will perform .
With split testing tools , managers can retarget ads or pages and deliver a more personalized experience for visitors .
Google trends .
For keyword research
Google trends tell you which keywords are most searched so that you can base campaigns around those keywords .
Adwords editor .
Working offline is sometimes inevitable and this tool allows PPC professionals to do just that .
It allows for bulk changes within minutes using functions such as copy , paste and drag .
While this tool does n’t have a lot of capabilities , it is a time saver .
iSpionage .
For competitor analysis
With iSpionage , a PPC manager can monitor the keywords that websites in any industry are bidding on .
Additionally , you can find out how relevant ads are as iSpionage shows how one website ranks vis -à - vis other websites .
What skills are a PPC specialist expected to have ?
A PPC specialist is involved in all aspects of PPC marketing campaigns .
As such , a specialist must have the following skills :
Customer service / relationship management
Good relationship management begins with understanding the client ’s business .
Upon landing a contract , fast response to requests and being painstaking with details are some ways that a PPC specialist can keep clients happy .
Sales
Customers shop around a lot before they settle on a PPC consultant .
In fact , for the first few projects , most customers are only happy to work on a trial basis .
With pre-sales skills , a PPC specialist will find it easier to sign up clients .
Post - sales skills are important for tasks such as bidding for keywords and outselling the competition .
Web development skills
Though you do n’t need to know how to write code , you should understand website related concepts such as :
Bounce rate and its related factors
Tracking - codes , their function and how to install them
Website layout and design and how it can affect conversion
Interpreting web analytics
Analysis
This is perhaps the most important skill when it comes to campaign management because a PPC manager will constantly have to analyze data vis -à - vis budget allocation .
Everything involved in PPC analysis boils down to one thing : measuring the effectiveness of the PPC advertising campaign .
PPC analysis involves :
Evaluating tools and applications used to determine their ongoing relevance to the campaign
Collecting and analyzing campaign and industry data
Preparing performance reports for clients
Budget management , including monitoring the current budget , analyzing past spend and projecting future spend
Why do companies hire PPC Specialists ?
There are quite a number of reasons why a company might decide to hire a PPC specialist .
They include :
Companies trust a PPC professional who has a lot of PPC experience and who has built a positive track record of producing results .
It is better to entrust important but time - consuming tasks such as keyword research to someone who does this type of job full time .
With everything else they have to do , business owners will not give keyword research the full attention it deserves .
No need to invest in tools .
PPC consultants work with a collection of powerful tools that assist in keyword research , analysis , data collection and report creation .
The approval process for most companies would not accommodate most of these third - party tools .
Having someone else to run campaigns means that company owners can focus on other parts of the business .
Lack of technical skills .
The technical nature of tasks such as split testing and altering code means that only a dedicated resource can handle them .
PPC consultants know what it takes for a landing page to be user - friendly , appealing and hence highly converting .
Most business owners do not know the first thing about landing page optimization .
PPC tools and methodology is always changing and companies cannot keep up unless they have a PPC specialist to keep them up to date .
Running PPC ads requires certification .
Not to mention , it has to be renewed yearly .
For most business owners , it makes sense to hire a PPC manager than to have to learn PPC .
Google support .
PPC specialists are like an extension of Google and Microsoft hence they receive a lot of technical support from both companies .
Search engine optimization ( SEO ) .
Most professionals who do PPC advertising are also knowledgeable in digital marketing areas such as SEO .
Applying SEO techniques ensures that search engine marketing campaigns attract more traffic .
Bottom line : What Do you need to get started and what are the prospects ?
When clients or employers are looking for a PPC specialist , certification and experience are what count .
Certification builds trust .
It ’s not enough for you to say you are a PPC expert .
Potential clients need proof and your certificates are it .
PPC certifications relevant for all advertisers include :
Google AdWords Certification
To claim that you are a specialist , you need to be Google Adwords Certified .
To hold this certification , you need to study all current Google Adwords material , then take and pass your fundamentals exams and any of the following four : shopping advertising , Search Advertising , Mobile Advertising , Display Advertising , and Video Advertising .
Certificates are valid up to a year , hence you will need to take yearly exams .
Bing Ads Accredited Professional ( BAAP )
Microsoft also offers PPC training .
To be PPC certified , advertisers must learn topics such as how to bid , best practices , keyword matching , optimizing ads , and more .
PPC certification by online universities
This is a more rigorous and holistic PPC training offered by industry experts like Brad Geddes .
Think of it as your PPC degree .
There ’s even a master ’s level for those willing to differentiate themselves even further .
Certification is important for anyone with dreams of advancing their career .
PPC jobs are well paying , although salaries differ depending on experience and certification .
Therefore , by comparison , a PPC specialist salary is likely to be higher than that of a beginner PPC manager .
Other factors such as industry , employer and geographic location also affect salaries .
Recent Data shows that Adwords - related jobs in the US get paid anywhere between $ 51,134 per year to $ 63,911 per year .
In the UK , PPC manager salary ranges between £ 23,000 to £ 48,000 ( approximately $ 30,000 to $ 63,000 ) .
Though employers offer bonuses , PPC specialists report higher earnings when they run their own business .
Below are 2 tables depicting PPC job salaries for UK and US markets .
Key capabilities in AllegroGraph 7 include :
Semantic Entity - Event Data Modeling
Big Data predictive analytics requires a new data model approach that unifies typical enterprise data with knowledge bases such as taxonomies , ontologies , industry terms and other domain knowledge .
The Entity - Event Data Model utilized by AllegroGraph 7 puts core ‘ entities ’ such as customers , patients , students or people of interest at the center and then collects several layers of knowledge related to the entity as ‘ events ’ .
The events represent activities that transpire in a temporal context .
Using this novel data model approach , organizations gain a holistic view of customers , patients , students or important entities and the ability to discover deep connections , uncover new patterns and attain explainable results .
FedShard™ Speeds Complex Queries
Through a patented in - memory federation function , the results from each machine are combined so that the query process appears as if only one database is being accessed , although many different databases and data stores and knowledge bases are actually being accessed and returning results .
This unique data federation capability accelerates results for highly complex queries across highly distributed data sets and knowledge bases .
Large - scale Mixed Data Processing
The AllegroGraph 7 big data processing system is able to scale massive amounts of domain knowledge data by efficiently associating domain knowledge with partitioned data through shardable graphs on clusters of machines .
AllegroGraph 7 efficiently combines partitioned data with domain knowledge through an innovative process that keeps as much of the data in RAM as possible to speed data access and fully utilize the processors of the query servers .
Browser - based Gruff
Gruff ’s powerful query and visualization capabilities are now available via a web browser and directly integrated in AllegroGraph 7 .
Gruff is the industry ’s leading Knowledge Graph visualization tool that dynamically displays visual graphs and related links .
Gruff ’s ‘ Time Machine ’ provides users with an important capability to explore temporal connections and see how relationships are created over time .
Users can build visual graphs that display the relationships in graph databases , display tables of properties , manage queries , connect to SPARQL Endpoints , and build SPARQL or Prolog queries as visual diagrams .
Gruff can be downloaded separately or is included with the AllegroGraph v7 distribution .
High Performance Big Data Analytics
AllegroGraph 7 delivers high performance analytics by overcoming data processing issues related to disk versus memory access , uses processor core efficiency and updates domain knowledge databases across partitioned data systems in a highly efficient manner .
Authored by : chaz_paw on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 11:43 AM EDT
Corrections , if any , here , please .
---
Proud Linux user since
07/26/04
Registered Linux user # 422376
Charles [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : MDT on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 11:45 AM EDT
Clickies if you have them
---
MDT [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Toon Moene on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 11:51 AM EDT
If you can call it an offer .
" Nice restaurant you 've got here .
It 'd be a shame if anything happened to it . "
I 'm sorry , but I 'm still more impressed by the following : Dino :
How many tanks you got , Colonel ?
Colonel : About 500 altogether .
Luigi : 500 !
Hey !
Dino :
You ought to be careful , co1onel .
Colonel :
We are careful , extremely careful .
Dino : ' Cos things break , do n't they ?
Colonel : Break ?
Luigi :
Well everything breaks , do n't it colonel .
( he breaks something on desk ) Oh dear .
... ---
Toon Moene ( A GNU Fortran maintainer and physicist at large ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : SilverWave on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 11:55 AM EDT
Wikipedia Quote : A protection racket is an extortion scheme whereby a powerful
organization , most often a criminal organization or gang coerces individuals ,
other criminals or businesses to pay protection money which allegedly serves to
purchase the organization 's " protection " services against various
external threats .
Hmmm no legitimate company would stoop that low ?...
... oh ... wait ...
---
Linus : " The bulk of all patents are crap ...
Spending time reading them is stupid ...
It 's up to the patent owner to do so , and to enforce them . "
:p [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 12:01 PM EDT
Those few that purchased an SCOsource license , should be pushing SCO to sue
Microsoft , saying it is damaging to " their IP " in Linux .
How 's that for Irony ? [ Reply to This | # ]
More like poetic justice - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 06:02 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 12:01 PM EDT
lest everyone forget ,
Novell indemnifies its customers also ,
in fact , they were the first ,
Red Hat is just playing copy - cat . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Tweeker on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 12:08 PM EDT
If Microsoft isnt willing to sue ( and has now even said as much ) , how can it force " alliances " and licensing from anyone willing to call its blatant bluff ?
Sun Responds to Microsoft's Patent Claims [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : magikfingerz on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 12:25 PM EDT
Excuse me if I sound so negative but , since I read This Article describing how Novell 's Engineers have access to Microsoft 's Code , I 'm continuously thinking :
What if MS is trying to somebody " accidentally " introduce some of his " protected code " to Linux kernel ?... or at least to some key apps what Novell maintains ( remember OpenOffice ?
Novell is one of the maintainers ) letting Engineers to see their code .
They alleged that is part of the arrangement between Novell and MS but , if this happens ...
What we will do when the agreement ends ?
MS will sue for sure if any of this Engineers adds at least a bit of this code protected by Microsoft to some of the apps .
Of course if this happens we will know who and when do this and we will remove the code almost immediately , but in the meantime nobody will save us from Microsoft 's wrath and FUD will rise the sky ... :(
PD .
Sorry about my English ... I speak Spanish :) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : PolR on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 12:30 PM EDT
A recent article raised the question of waivers when you know about infringements and do n't sue .
With an annual be afraid tour , do n't we have a pattern that would justify waiver ?
The thought of a mega corporation like Microsoft investing millions in a patent portfolio just to make it go poof into a puff of smoke makes my head go dizzy .
IANAL , and I have more question than answers here .
Q1 : What does it take to make the waiver incontrovertible and legally indisputable ?
I think Microsoft will dispute the waiver and makes all sorts of excuse to keep the FUD going .
But if we dig out case law and document that Microsoft actions meet the standard for the waiver ...
Q2 : Did Microsoft actions meet the standard for waiver ?
We have a quote database , why not fill it ?
Perhaps we should go year by year document the annual be afraid tour , what what said and what the response was .
We have , OIN .
We have the GPL2 and GPL3 .
Why not have a track record for a waiver defense as well ?
Q3 : Does n't a corporation has an obligation to watch the competition and protect its flagship products ?
When the bulk of your revenues come from a few products , you have an obligation to know who your main competition is , is n't it ?
You are required as part of your responsibilities to shareholders to see what they are doing and find out about patent infringement , is n't it ?
If after finding out you do n't do anything , this should be a waiver , is n't it ?
Q4 : Is mutual assured destruction a waiver or in the alternative promissory estoppel ?
We all know large software patents portfolio are not used for suing .
They are used to countersue in case someone is mad enough to sue .
But if the entire industry does n't sue for years because of MAD , does n't this become an implicit covenant that can be used in court ?
Q5 : Is all the above like waving a red flag in front of a raging bull ?
This amounts to tell Microsoft that if they do n't sue fast enough , their entire patent portfolio will go poof in a puff of smoke .
What do you expect them to do ?
But if on the other hand they still do n't sue after being waved the red flag ...
Q6 : If businesses have the choice between mutual assured destruction and waving their patent portfolio , what is the point of software patents ?
Patent as supposed to promote useful art and science do n't they ?
If they can't be enforced without destroying their owners , what good are they for ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 12:43 PM EDT
Not to be a troll , but it seems to me that a lot of the crowing in this article
hinges on the phrase " court validated " .
What does it take to get a patent " court validated " ?
Survive a
challenge to the patent itself ?
Something else ?
If it has to be challenged in
court , I would think the vast majority of patents would not fall under that
label .
And court validated or not , a patent lawsuit is not something an individual
developer can withstand on his own .
Unless , perhaps , it 's Linus .
And even
then ...
I would like to know :
Are there any legal defense organizations that would
support patent infringement cases against open source developers ?
A weak
defense might very well set precedents we would rather not see , so best we take
care and make a strong one , come the day .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 12:49 PM EDT
Eben Moglen in his statements above really proves
that Novell 's plan is working .
why do I say that ?
because the whole idea was to get Microsoft to push it too
far , and get all those banks , other major corporations to push back , and force
Microsoft into the position it now finds itself .
it 's the perfect plan .
If Microsoft proceeds to sue anyone or make threats ( now that they 've stated
they wo n't ) they look like idiots and lose credibility and they lose
if Microsoft gives in and does nothing , they lose again .
There 's no way out .
And the best part is , Novell laughs all the way to the bank with the hundreds of
millions they 've taken from Microsoft .
And in the end opensource , the GPL , and we all win .
Novell are crafty little devils .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 12:53 PM EDT
The Fortune article is quite specific that they are talking about patents owned by Microsoft , rather than just about patents that Linux may violate : " The Redmond behemoth asserts that one reason free software is of such high quality is that it violates more than 200 of Microsoft 's patents . "
So there are several options here : Microsoft has done its own new study that found more patents that the previous one ( plausible , patents are couched in such broad generalities that it must be hard to match their claims against actual code ) .
The earlier study only looked at the Linux kernel , while this new data from Microsoft looks at a much broader amount of FOSS ( Does n't quite match .
The Fortune article says 42 patents against the kernel , while the old one says Microsoft owns about 10 % of the patents in their count ) .
Fortune mis-reported the statements as claiming ownership of these patents , when the actual weasel words used were quite ambiguous .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : warner on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 01:03 PM EDT
n /t
---
free software , for free minds and a free world .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : mks on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 01:08 PM EDT
I was reading up on some of the public statements from Microsoft about the patents that it claims Linux infringes on and this one struck me as almost an exact copy of the SCO quote about copying of code : Microsoft is now making claims based on its own evidence , though it will not specify exactly what patents are infringed .
" This is not a case of some accidental , unknowing infringement , " Microsoft vice president for intellectual property and licensing Horacio Gutierrez told Fortune .
" There is an overwhelming number of patents being infringed . "
I seem to remember SCO saying similar things about it being more than just coincidental copying and how it was an overwhelming number of lines of code .
( I do n't have the quote at hand , but it really sounds so familiar that I wonder if it was written by the same person - you know , in a talking points type of paper ... ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 01:12 PM EDT
RIM 's blackberry network was almost shut down over a patent .
This seems to say
that no matter who you are or who depends on you ( US govt ) that patent problems
at a supplier can be problems for a customer .
Time to reread the Microsoft EULA .
Then look at the fact that Microsoft has
settled a number of lawsuits over patents and copyrights .
There is a definite
danger in closed source code .
Someday the provider may just not be able to
protect their customers .
In the old days once you had the OS you were free .
Beware the software as
services model being pushed by Microsoft ( monthly license checks etc ) .
These are
making a central off switch that could be applied under court order ( also by
accident or maliciously ) .
It seems to me freely auditable code is a requirement for critical systems .
The
old mantra was to second source critical elements of systems .
Barring that an
open system seems the next best option .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 01:25 PM EDT
Is there a case , anywhere , of a patent holder sucessfully suing end users for
patent infringment ?
I can see someone suing Linux distribution makers , but I
just can't see where receiving and using Linux makes the end user liable for
anything .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 01:43 PM EDT
Suppose I get a copy of Suse that can be directly traced back to Microsoft ( such
as buying a Dell computer with it ) .
I then proceed to " infect " source repositories with it ( such as by
commiting Suse 's source code followed by a diff of what has changed since the
version Suse uses ) .
As far as I can see , this could :
- Force Microsoft no not enforce patents on the " infected " projects
because of the implicit patent grant of GPL2 .
- Put Suse upstream in the source code distribution , so any attack to force a
party to not use / distribute said projects would also force Suse to cease it's
own distribution .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 01:51 PM EDT
One trouble I see with OIN is that it only protects programs specifically named
on their list of software in what they call the " Linux system " .
I
work on free software that is not on their list , even though it is official GNU
software , and so I do n't feel so reassured by their presence .
I do n't see how
one can apply to have software added to the " Linux system " list ; I did
send an email inquiring about this to their contact address , but so far there 's
been no response .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Simon G Best on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 02:26 PM EDT
I like the emphasis on lack of court - validated patents :-)
It reminds me of that old FUD propaganda about the GPL having not being tested in court .
From what I remember , the main problems with that propaganda were :-
It confused copyrights with copyright licences , as if an invalid licence would mean an invalid copyright .
Most copyright licences never get as far as being tested in court , and most never need to .
The copyrights are usually valid anyway , and that 's usually what counts .
In contrast , as you say , about half of patents tested in court turned out to be invalid , before KSR .
And now , in light of KSR , it looks like it 's going to be even worse ( from those patent holders ' perspectives ) .
It 's significantly and fundamentally different from that FUD about GPL validation .
I 'm hoping that PHBs , and the like , who tend to be susceptible to such stuff as the old GPL FUD , will pay attention to this superficially similar - sounding - but substantially different - stuff about patent validation .
What I 'm hoping is that they 'll actually stop and think about this stuff , about what 's being said by Microsoft , et al , and their opponents .
It also nicely re-emphasizes the " put up or shut up " message to Microsoft that keeps getting voiced .
There 's also a delicious hint of " by their rod shall they be measured " :-) ---
" Public relations " is a public relations term for propaganda .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 02:42 PM EDT
" Only 10 % belonged to Microsoft , and they just told us they 're not
litigating . "
Microsoft lies .
Period .
Microsoft sells lies , not software .
So NOTHING - I repeat , NOTHING - they say is to be believed until proven true by
events or third parties ( who are n't being paid by Microsoft . )
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : IMANAL on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 02:51 PM EDT
How could anyone check MS ' code if they have violated
someone elses patent ?
I guess the leaked NT code would not be permissible in
court .
-
---
--------------------------
IM Absolutely Not A Lawyer [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : John Hasler on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 03:03 PM EDT
> Nearly half of all patents that were brought to trial under
> the old patent system 's definition of obviousness were
> thrown out .
That does n't mean much .
Clearly valid patents are less likely to end up in
court .
---
IOANAL .
Licensed under the GNU General Public License [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 03:41 PM EDT
Linux is not the cleanest code on the planet .
That distinction falls only to
OpenBSD .
Linux is allowing itself to slowly be commercialized , while the OpenBSD
crown refuses on grounds of pure freedom .
Yes , the BSD license is not as
" good " as the GPL for freedom on down the road , but look to BSD for
" clean " code .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : mram on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 04:58 PM EDT
" What , you think Microsoft 's patent on IS NOT is not obvious ? "
Well , that one could patent IS NOT is definitely not obvious :)
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 05:07 PM EDT
of modern business in the IT industry .
' Dey can do dat & de law let em '
So 1st we had SCOgie , a lieutenant , who failed miserably .
Now Stevie Capone ( a
relative of big Al ) , has to step in and try to do the job properly .
" You wanna trouble , you gunna get it , we got de law to help us , but you buy
our protection , you gunna be ok .
Capice ? " .
DSM [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 05:10 PM EDT
Microsoft is using P.T. Barnums adage "
You can fool all of the people some
of the time and some of the people all of the time but not all of the people all
of the time . "
And they are using this as a intimidation tactic .
Plain and
simple .
Unfortunately there are a lot that fall into the second category and not
enough in the third category which is what Microsoft is counting on .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 05:26 PM EDT
Microsoft is in deep doo - doo with Vista .
Despite BG 's bravado and - ahem - sales
figures , it is crashing .
The SP1 may do something for it but I see that as
needing a complete re-write , not so much a service pack as a new OS .
Where do they go next ?
They are stuffed .
They could use thousands of engineers to produce another , late , bad OS .
There is
an alternative .
I am thinking that a light is starting to glow dimly over a few
heads at HQ .
It would take less engineers , less time and produce a better
product if they produced a Microsoft Linux .
Now you have done going ewwwwww , think about it .
It does make sense for
Microsoft to do that .
If they are going to do that then what should they do
about the patents - nothing .
They may need to learn to play nicely after all .
It
could be essential to survival .
Tufty
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 06:19 PM EDT
" The primary enforcement gravity of the GPL is everyone 's understanding
that anti-community behavior is bad for business . "
- Eben Moglen , November 2005
IOW " Nice restaurant you 've got here .
It 'd be a shame if anything happened
to it . "
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 06:34 PM EDT
If MS can export compiled code to be installed by manufacturers in foreign
countries where patents do n't apply due to some assumption that that code
does n't embody the practice of the patent , it is inconceivable to me how the
distribution of source code to anywhere whatsoever could be construed to embody
the practice of a patent .
So how could MS sue developers or for that matter , any subset of the FLOSS
community other than distributors ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Fredric on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 07:02 PM EDT
Now if I understand Mr. Eben Moglen correctly he claim that MS got into the Novell deal to make it possible for large and powerful corporations to buy and use Linux and still feel safe from The Patent Threat .
The idea is that these large corporations will then sit in the stands and cheer while Microsoft hunt Linux developers .
I find this idea a little absurd .
Maybe I did not get that right but would n't it be like telling a farmer that " we will shoot your cattle but do n't worry , we would never harm you or your family " .
Those banks and Fortune 500 companies will probably want to continue to enjoy the fruits of FOSS in the future and without Linux developers that may not be .
Maybe MS expect the large corporations to reason that " with the current developers gone we can just commercialize Linux and drive on " .
We all know that 's just a dream ( or rather , nightmare ) and I am pretty sure that the guys making decisions in a Fortune 500 company will also have the brains to figure this out .
Then again , maybe I got the whole thing wrong .
---
/ Fredric Fredricson
--------
-- Heisenberg was maybe here [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : webster on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 07:31 PM EDT
..
FUD works .
A lot of people are n't going to buy Linux this week .
It is n't safe .
Many do n't know if they would pay or fight , but they do n't want to be the one
that gets sued .
Best to let this thing blow over .
It must be pretty bad .
Look
at all the hysterical articles .
Even the Supreme Court is dragged into it .
The SCO FUD no longer does the job .
Monopoly FUD is awesome .
They have
billions to play around with .
They can sue , lobby for laws , manipulate
campaigns .
Maintaining Monopoly share is sacrosanct , like self - defense .
All's
fair .
By definition a Monopoly has no significant competitors .
So destruction
is necessary and fair game .
Pay or perish .
---
webster
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : pajamian on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 07:48 PM EDT
Well , they are likely getting thier Linux support either from IBM ( considering that the other platform they are switching to is AIX , this would make sense ) or HP ( because the Linux servers they are getting are HP servers ) .
IBM to my understanding supports both Red Hat Enterprise Linux and SUSE Enterprise Linux .
I think they also support YellowDog Linux on their PowerPC platforms .
I think they also support Oracle .
HP Lists the distros they support on this page as Debian , Mandriva , SUSE , Oracle , Red Hat and Red Flag .
I think we can eliminate YellowDog , Mandriva and Red Flag as possibilities , so that leaves Debian , SUSE , Oracle or Red Hat .
I think it 's likely to be one of the latter three of those .
---
Windows is a bonfire , Linux is the sun .
Linux only looks smaller if you lack perspective .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : schaste on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 08:28 PM EDT
I was just reading an article in a fine art photography magazine called View
Camera , when a line from the article made me think of the issue of software
patents .
I 've been trying to get my head around the idea of how anyone thinks
they could patent an idea , and then this line hit me ( paraphrased so there 's
hopefully no copyright issue ) :
The author was discussing his view of creating a
picture versus producing a record of the scene .
Human beings can only see a
limited range of light .
In a photo of the interior of an old church lit only by
daylight , unless there is some additional lighting , the only way to see the
detail in the shadows would be to _walk into the shadowed area_ .
This struck me as a forehead - slapping , " of course , it 's obvious ! "
moment .
Without some extra light , one can't produce a photo with more tonal
range than the human eye sees without changing position to be within the shadow
itself .
So a device , the flash , might be patented to resolve the problem of lack
of light .
But no - one could patent the _idea_ of moving from one place to another
in order to get better light ; they'd be laughed out of the patent office , I
hope .
So , how could a programming concept ( e.g. clicking on a button to open a
menu with some contextual items listed in it ) be patentable either ?
Maybe the
mouse button itself , but not what you _do_ with it !
To paraphrase the Australian patent officer to a young Albert Einstein
( " Who is this barbarian ? " " I'm a Tasmanian . " ) when the young
scientist tries to patent E=MC^2 , " A patent must be accompanied by a
working invention !
You ca n't patent an idea ! "
OK , that 's enough coffee for me .
Obviously my brain is starting to backfire .
But
if anyone else sees what I 'm trying to say here , that the comparison of software
patents to a patenting an idea in the real - world shows that patenting software
is ridiculous , then I 've hopefully made my point .
Whatever it is .
Steve S
---
- Still working on a signature ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : mashmorgan on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 08:30 PM EDT
Ahh another interesting patent , only issued in January .. amazing
## Client side , web - based spreadsheet ##
Look out google
http://www.google.com/patents?id=PIF4AAAAEBAJ&dq=smarty
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : fenris on Thursday , May 17 2007 @ 11:07 PM EDT
This afternoon , NPR's " All Things Considered " in a segment entitled
" Microsoft Royalty Claims Help Fuel Patent Backlog "
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid=10239441 interviewed Rodger
Parloff basicly presenting a rather FUD - ified version of Microsoft 's current
breastbeating .
No open source view was offered , and a statement that blatently
ignored patent holders such as the OIN was allowed to stand .
Sigh , I tend to
expect better out of NPR .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : SirHumphrey on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 02:18 AM
EDT
Silence of the SCAMS .
Where M$ refuses to be specific about the patent " violations "
Where tSCOg refuses to be specifically specific , with specified specificity ,
about the " millions of infringing lines of code "
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 02:34 AM
EDT
A What if poser .
Suppose that Microsoft ' allows '
Novell to contaminate the Linux Base code with
some patented method ( assuming that these hold up in court etc etc ) and starts
legal action against every distributor and user of Linux with that offending
code
AND
the rest of the world shuns Software Patents .
Could it be possible that the USA becomes a virtual Microsoft only zone while
the rest of the world reject Microsoft products completely .
Could the US become a technological backwater as many major IT companies leave
the US to Microsoft and its ever diminishing circle of friends .
Remember that
even 10 years ago , the US was the biggest market for IT Product .
This is no
longer the case .
The EU and increasingly Asia present bigger markets to
companies that the fairly stagnant US Market .
I think that the stranglehold that companies like Microsoft have on computing
( at least as far as most Joe Public is concerned ) is stifling innovation and
progress .
How did these thoughts come about ?
The USA has a record of protectionism that is virtually unrivalled elsewhere .
In
times like this the US ( as seen by the rest of the world ) does the Wagon Train
act or circling the wagons and repelling all threats .
As an American who has
lived and travelled outside the US for the past 30 years most of my fellow
citizens really have no idea about how the USA is perceived beyond the 50 states
although the debacle in Iraq is starting to make the current generation at least
a bit aware of what the World thinks of Bush etc .
At times I do n't let on that
I 'm American ( I hold dual US / German citizenship ) as frankly , I 'm embarrased by
my country .
As I say , just a bit of crystal ball gazing .
Ja !
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 03:32 AM EDT
If we take the estimate of 27 Microsoft patents from Ravicher 's study and Microsoft 's current claim of 42 , that is a difference of 15 .
This is an increase of 55 % ( ( 42 - 27 ) / 27 ) .
I believe that Ravicher did his study in 2004 , which would be about 3 or more years ago ( depending upon how long the study took ) .
I do n't know the kernel size that Ravicher examined , and I do n't know exactly which version Microsoft is talking about now , but assuming 55 % increase in code size in that time is not unreasonable .
It is also not too far from the actual kernel increase over the last three years ( keep in mind that this includes the transition from 2.4 to 2.6 ) .
This means that Microsoft 's claim of " 42 " could just be a linear projection of Ravicher 's estimates based on the increase in code size since then .
Their other numbers for GUIs , e-mail , etc. could be also just be an extrapolation based on code size of a selection of those projects as compared to the kernel .
When looked at in this way , I 'm not prepared to accept without evidence that Microsoft has done any genuine research at all on this subject .
These could just be quick back - of - the - envelope estimates to give to the press and there really is no " list " for Microsoft to show anyone .
There could be a lot less to this issue than there appears to be at first glance .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : fudisbad on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 04:12 AM EDT
Keyboard warning ---
" SCOs failure to provide code for the methods and concepts it claims were misappropriated is [...] a violation of this courts orders . "
- Judge Brooke Wells [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : AndyC on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 04:25 AM EDT
First off , I 'm a Brit , and an engineer / physicist to boot , so legal wheeling and
dealing is completely alien to me ( thank goodness ! ) .
I was reading something on the web ( I 've slept since then , so I can't remember
where it was ) concerning the Microsoft / Novell deal and I was wondering whether
Novell have been really crafty .
IF MS sell vouchers for SLES , don ' they , by
default , become a distributor of GPL software ?
Therefore , if I 'm right ( and I
doubt it ) wo n't the copyright holders or original writers ( say , Red Hat or FSF )
be able to withdraw their permission for MS to distribute said code ?
If MS then continue , would n't they be liable to be sued by those copyright
holders ?
Maybe this was the plan all along and it was n't about patents after all ?
AndyC
P.S. I have got SuSe9.2 installed on a partition at home .
I have n't touched it
since the deal was announced .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : KC on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 07:22 AM EDT
I have mostly lurked Groklaw for " Lo , these many years , " and being an
" old guy " I have memories of the computer world older than some of
you .
I 've used computers , and written code , but not they are merely a tool to
get my job done .
I 'll not go into the issue of patents being granted for absurd applications -
that is nothing new , though it appears to be getting worse .
And
" software " patents seem a perversion to me of the whole patent process
- a patent for an idea that cannot be realized without some external ( and
undefined ) instrumentality to actually cause something to happen !
However ,
While IANAL , I do recall that there is a Federal statutory requirement about
having proof for all the claims being made in advertising a product .
Since SCO ,
and MS ( and others ) make these sorts of claims to cause users to think they need
to buy a " license " - this seems to be , by the definition of the
statute ( as I recall it ) , ADVERTISING .
And since they make these announcements
to national , and international audiences of ' press ' representatives - this
should fall under the Federal Statutes .
As I recall the statutes require that
one have , and reveal , complete documentation to prove the claims made in
advertising .
This could force the company to reveal precisely what they think
they have in the way of patents or IP that they believe is being infringed .
Are there any lawyers out there who can speak to this ?
How does one go about getting a Truth In Advertising investigation started ?
---
KC [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Morosoph on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 08:05 AM EDT
This does n't affect the thrust of his reasoning , but there is a bug in Eben 's reasoning in one important respect :
How traders in a competitive market rate a stock is n't based upon their own interests as customers , but rather their interests as shareholders .
In fact , the opposite is likely to hold , as ownership of a stock is a reasonable partial hedge against being ripped off .
The reason why this does n't matter so much is that whilst the banks might bid up the stock ( as it now has some additional value as a hedge ) , they will vote for their larger interests when it come to shareholder meetings .
Thus , although referring to those who " determine the value of their stocks " is misleading the audience , the simple fact that the banks have voting shares is extremely relevant .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 08:34 AM EDT
" Microsoft has already begun collecting payments and gaining access to the patent portfolios of companies that use the open - source Linux operating system in their products .
The list includes Novell ( NOVL ) , Fuji Xerox , and Samsung Electronics . "
From the Business week article by Joseph La Sala
It is one thing to extort money .
It 's something else again to extort patents !
Somehow this bothers me more than the money does .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Toon Moene on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 09:16 AM EDT
Several " traditional " news media , among which the Washington Post , report the following :
To some observers , Microsoft Corp. seemed to have an odd sense of timing when it complained recently that open source projects have allegedly violated 235 of its patents .
At the same time , Microsoft 's Washington , D.C. , staff is pushing for a patent overhaul bill that would make it tougher for patent holders to sue and collect large damage awards against infringers .
That patent reform bill came up for debate Wednesday , just days after Fortune published a story in which Microsoft officials claimed widespread violation of its patents in open source software .
Make of it what you want ... ---
Toon Moene ( A GNU Fortran maintainer and physicist at large ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 09:24 AM
EDT
P.J. Please analyze this question :
What if someone like RH before making a new version of their Linux distro , wrote MS and made an official " request for disclosure " under United States Code / Title 35 / Chapter 29 / Section 287 ?
What would MS do ?
They do n't want to disclose what patents they think apply , but if they do n't disclose would the freesoftware company have some protection ?
What if everyone involved in Linux began making such requests ?
What would be the consequences for the Free software community ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 09:41 AM EDT
By chance I caught a part of ' Feedback ' on Radio 4 just now in the car ( Program
for people to praise / complain / ask questions ) and a question asked was what was
happening about the media player being developed .
That was not actually directly
answered but the brief segment highlighted two things .
One the media player is not the only internet development activity going on
within the BBC .
Two at least some senior people do grok the fact the world has changed unlike
the MPAA , RIAA and others and are actually keen on the possibilities it creates .
They actually ended up talking about ability to tag comments to programs
available for replay on the website , which was using wiki technology , and
sounded potentially rather interesting .
In the example given a presenter had
mentioned some terms program length presumeably did not allow him to detail and
someone had added a tag explaining them briefly and giving a book title for
reference .
Wikipedia and the dynamic around it was explicity mentioned and the
person was clear he saw a big role for enabling people to add to content freely
on the BBC site in a similar , in principle , fashion that enriched the experience
for everyone .
That sounds useful and enriching use to me .
So when a reporter makes a dumb statement on the BBC remember he / she is a
reporter with their own knowledge set and bias and not necessarily reflecting
what the BBC is actually doing internally and developing for web use .
Mind you
recent reporting I 'm aware of seems to have been largely pretty sound .
Richard . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 10:57 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 12:06 PM EDT
The fact of the matter is that the patent office is rubber stamping patents
without properly examining them and without properly examining obviousness or
prior art .
The result is a chilling effect on innovation and business and
commerce , contrary to the puropse of the patents system .
There is no God given right to own ideas .
In Nature as God intended ideas are
free and uncontrolled .
Patents are an artificial creation of man which is
intended to further technological innovation by granting someone with a new idea
a monopoly on it's exploitation for a limited period to allow him / her to go
public with it and seek and recover funds for research and development and
marketing the product before others enter the market .
Ideas cannot be owned -
patents are just a time limited monopoly for the R&D phase .
If patents are
granted for trivial , obvious , or non-novel ideas , then patent law has the
opposite effect of that intended - stifling innovation , stifling R&D
expenditure , and stifling free competition .
What is required to correct the patent mess is the following :
1 ) Simple and objective rules that can allow a quick and definitive
determination as to patentability .
Ie. until and unless you can define in law
exactly what is patentable and what is not , simply and unambigiously , then
exclude it from patentability , since if you do n't , the patent office will grant
loads of bogus patents which do more harm than good .
2 ) Patent protection should be limited to an appropriate timeframe - for the
time required for R&D and to bring it to the market .
20 years is too long
for software since the useful life of inventions is about 6 or 9 years max , and
the intention of patent law to grant a monopoly for the R&D phase of an
invention , not for it 's entire useful life .
Patent protection for 2 to 3 ( approx
one third of the useful life ) should therefore be all that is granted for
software if software is to be patentable .
3 ) Scientific principles or mathematical principles / techniques , pre-existing DNA
structures etc. should not be patentable no matter how they are dressed up -
these are discoveries of what is existing already - there is nothing inventive
here , and being granted a monopoly on the laws of nature or something you did n't
invent would be damaging to progress , innovation , and business in general .
4 ) Standards , and specifications for protocols , file formats , methods of
encoding and enumerating data etc. should not be patentable .
Patenting standards
is contrary to both the reason for having standards and the reason for having
patents , since patented standards would force people to use a single standard
for which the state grants a monopoly .
Because it is a standard all vendors are
expected to be able to use it on an equal basis .
Because it is protected by
patents , other vendors are supposed to invent alternatives rather than
implementing what is specified in the standard .
Patented standards are an
oxymoron .
5 ) Software should be patentable only in as much as the physical effects of the
code are patentable on their own .
For example if a mouse trap uses a spring and
a trigger is patentable , then the idea of an electronic sensor and software
controlled actuator doing something similar should be patentable .
It is the
physical behaviour initiated by the software that should be patentable , not the
code or algorithms used in the code .
This was the way that patent law was
intended to function originally .
The reason for this is :
a ) Software is abstract and apart from open source software , code is secret .
Hence it is not possible to search for prior art .
It is stupid to allow
patentability of something where it is not possible to search for most of the
prior art .
Note :
i ) it is not easy to determine the ideas thay may be present in software by
looking at the code or by looking at the software 's effects ( except for the
physical effects ) - a considerable amount of effort decoding / reverse engineering
of what the code does and how it does it , is required to find prior art .
The
patent office and nobody else for that matter has the resources to trawl through
anything like a reasonable amount of prior code to find prior art .
ii )
In addition most code is closed source and therefore is unavailable for
checking prior art .
b ) Software like writing is a creative art not an inventive one .
Both use a
basic language in different combinations to achieve something new .
Patenting
code is no different to patenting writing .
You can't patent the syntax , since
these are common to everyone .
You can't patent the algorithms because they are
basic mathematical principles .
You can't patent the ideas behind software or
writing any more than you can patent different patterns of laying bricks to
build walls - they are a creative not an inventive expression , and using them in
different ways and combinations is explicitly how languages or bricks were
intended to be used .
There is nothing novel about that .
c ) Patent protection is not necessary for software , or writing , since they are
protected by copyright .
Patent protection is crude in that it grants an
artificial monopoly , and it 's effects may be more harmful to society than good .
Therefore wherever copyright protection is possible , this and not patents should
be used for IP protection .
Other forms of protection also available are trade
marks , and design copyrights .
Patent protection is a last resort that should
only be applied to physical embodiments which have no other form of protection .
d ) In software , thinking up ideas are cheap , and requires little effort .
On the
other hand developing an idea into working software and marketing it is
expensive and difficult .
Patenting software therefore protects those that do n't
put in any effort , and allows them to extort from those who do - ie thise who
develop ( ie. coding ) and market software .
When applied to software patents have
the opposite effect intended - they stifle innovation and encourage freeloading
off those who invest money and effort to provide a useful product .
Copyright on
the other hand does protect and reward those who put in investment and effort .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 12:53 PM
EDT
The Fear Factor works both ways .
A few year back ( before I retired ) one of our
young engineers traveled to Redmond to get a driver bug fixed ( DOD shipboard
application ) .
Once he found the right guy , the Off - by - One error was quicked
patched .
Being observant , he noticed that the system prompt on the development lab's
server looked off for a M$ shop .
It was Linux .
When he asked about it , he was
told that they use Linux because they do n't want to lose their work in a system
crash ( Linux does n't crash ) .
I doubt that has changed .
If M$ pushs too hard , somebody might just do
Discovery about how many Linux system M$ is using and get a C&D order if GPL
violatons can be proved .
GPL extends not only the right to Distribute , but also
the right to USE .
GPL is your only right to use copyrighted code .
Violate GPL and you are legally
barred from using GPLed products .
If M$ loses that right , the Howl will be
heard around the world .
EK , a recovering Workaholic . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : darkonc on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 06:09 PM EDT
At the end of the First World War , things were set up to discourage another war from starting .
Among other things , most of the countries around Germany were set up with a good defensive system and a series of mutual defense pacts ( If someone declares war against you , we 'll consider it a war against us ) . ((
We should point out here , that it came out in the Justice Department against Microsoft that they think very much in warfare terms when dealing with their competition , so this analogy is rather apt . ) )
What Germany did is they isolated the various members of the european community and went after them one at a time -- sometimes arranging non-aggression treaties with other related parties so that they did n't get anxious until it was too late ( The Soviet Union being the most famous of those ) .
Of the countries that Hitler " Made peace " with , I think that only Japan was n't attacked .
Even their staunchest ally , Italy , ended up under German control by the end of the war .
By the time that the overreaching nature of Hitler 's ambition was impossible to deny , Nazi Germany controlled most of Europe and was poised to squash much of what was left Once again : peace treaties did n't do Germany 's neighbors much good -- it simply allowed Hitler to safely express aggression in other directions until he was ready to squash his erstwhile ally .
I think that anybody considering an alliance with Microsoft should consider themselves about as safe as 1938 France .
---
Powerful , committed communication .
Touching the jewel within each person and bringing it to life .. [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Alan ( UK ) on Friday , May 18 2007 @ 07:14 PM EDT
It seems that nowadays we get evidence daily that Microsoft is yesterday's
company .
This patent rant ( and I would rate it no higher ) is typical - the
company cannot even tell a consistent story - if I was a shareholder , I would be
asking , ' Where is the business plan in all this ? '
The Vista launch has been a fiasco , the media that rushed to publish the
Microsoft hype , has been quick to publish articles rubbishing the product once
they saw which way the wind was blowing .
Microsoft has relied on lies and bullying tactics to maintain its monopoly .
This
is now wearing thin ; people are beginning to see through it and some ( like Dell
- who sorely needs to pull a rabbit out of the hat ) are actually calling
Microsoft 's bluff .
The ODF / MA business has severely shaken Microsoft - they now
keep harping on about ' interoperability ' ( Billy G even mentioned it on UK TV ) ,
but eveyone who is actually concerned about it ( and you have to be a * X user to
be concerned ) knows that all the incompatibility lies on the Microsoft side of
the fence .
So where do things stand today ?
Microsoft has a problem with their end users .
They do not want Vista ' upgrades '
on existing machines and they do not want Vista at all until the problems are
sorted out .
Office 2000 worked fine and everyone could read everyone elses
files , the users do not even know what the ' interoperability ' problem is - let
alone how MSOOXML is going to solve it .
Microsoft still has the PC industry by the short hairs .
Dell is going to offer
XP for the moment but as this will be on machines that are already obsolete ,
Microsoft is not too bothered - it is still a Windows sale and if it locks in
one more customer ...
Microsoft still has one big advantage when it comes to Linux on the desktop -
the big PC firms have no idea about how to run a Linux business .
The area where , in my opinion , Microsoft is having an increasing influence is
among hardware manufacturers .
The original IBM PC was a very general - purpose
machine .
The modern PC is very much a Windows machine .
A retail DVD drive
will come with Windows software - Linux is not an option .
Most Linux
installations have to be made on machines which are not really suitable for it .
So , where do things go from here ?
Vista will get patched until it is acceptable - by which time PCs will have the
power to run it .
Users will find that Office 2007 XML , Office 2003 XML , and
Office 2000 documents are not interchangeable between systems .
Users will get
more vociferous in their complaints about Microsoft .
PC manufacturers will try small scale trials selling Linux boxes - but they will
be loaded with much proprietary code in the form of drivers , fonts , DVD and
other media players .
This will be at odds with the Linux philosophy ,
particularly of frequent updates .
The PC manufacturers will try to sell Linux
with the Windows business model ( or just sell a few unsupported systems for
hobbyists ) .
This all looks a very gloomy outlook for everyone .
The problem is that nobody
will actually be supplying the product that the market needs .
Microsoft cannot
do it , but on the other hand , they will still have such a large market share
that they will stymie any attempt by others to do it .
Now proponents of the capitalist system would say that this should not happen -
someone will always step in to fullfill a market need .
( Of course opponents of
the capitalist sytem would say that proponents of the capitalist system are more
interested in maintaining the status - quo while cashing - in on their monopoly . )
Why does someone not do the obvious thing - put together a PC with a completely
open hardware specification and install Linux on it and market it directly .
The
' someone ' needs to be someone who can muster sufficient resources to do the job
but who would find that serving perhaps one or two percent of the world PC
market to be adequately rewarding .
Above all they should be someone who has no
existing dependency on Microsoft for their business .
The basic problem will be to obtain chips with completely open specifications .
These things can be designed and there are people who will make them .
It would
probably have to be accepted that you will not be able to have a
top - of - the - range GPU suitable for game playing .
The new DTX form - factor is
claimed to be made with only four layers and leaves off a lot of the legacy
hardware support - so it should not be too difficult to design and make cheaply .
The end result should be a small , light , PC with low power consumption , that
will run circles round a Vista machine with all its cooling fans .
---
Microsoft is nailing up its own coffin from the inside .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , May 19 2007 @ 11:16 AM EDT
Adil Najam
The Pakistani community here in USA is abuzz with talk of Canadian Broadcasting Service ’s ( CBS ’s ) new comedy series Little Mosque on the Prairie .
Everyone seems to have an opinion , but few seem to have actually seen it yet ( since it appears on Canadian TV and the first episode was aired this week ) .
We at ATP wanted to change that and give you all a chance to view the first episode of the comedy program and comment on it .
The show – for its subject matter as much as anything else – is causing ripples across the world ’s media and has generally , but not always , generated good reviews .
The program ’s website describes the program :
Little Mosque on the Prairie , an unabashedly comedic look at a small Muslim community living side by side with the residents of a little [ Canadian ] prairie town .
At its heart , Little Mosque on the Pararie is a humorous look at relationships , family , love , the generation gap and balancing Muslim beliefs and traditions in a pararie setting .
The show and its humor is decidedly post 9/11 .
At its roots it is as much about the West ’s paranoia as it is about the foibles of Muslim communities in the West .
More generally it is about the immigrant experience , especially the Muslim immigrant experience .
And all of this is done through the lens of humor .
Laughing at – so that we can think about – where we are and where we have come to .
The show is written by Liverpool - born , Canada - settled , Pakistani - origin writer Zarqa Nawaz , who according to one write - up :
… has acquired a cult status with her films , which examine and demolish stereotypes associated with Muslims as terrorists , wife abusers and religious extremists .
And that too with loads of wit .
The name of her production company “ FUNdamentalist Films ” reflects her satirical bent of mind , and this streak is evident in her film trilogy – ‘ BBQ Muslims ’ , ‘ Death Threat ’ and her first feature ‘ Real Terrorists Do n’t Belly Dance . ’
While the motto of FUNdamentalist Films is to put “ fun back into fundamentalism ” the trilogy is what she calls “ terrordies ” , or comedies about terrorism .
The films have been widely acclaimed , and requests have been pouring in for copies .
So much so that Nawaz quips , “ I could spend my lifetime at the post office , mailing them ( the cassettes ) out . ”
There are plenty of Pakistani connections to the show , including the lead character – a clean cut Toronto lawyer played by Zaib Shaikh who comes to the little town to be the Imam of a makeshift mosque .
Indeed , post 9/11 there is a real thrust of young Muslims in general , including young Pakistanis in the performing arts trying to build inroads into their host communities that earlier generations of Muslim , and Pakistanis , had so neglected to build ( see ATP write - ups on Pakistanis abroad doing so in the theatre , in music ( also here ) , in documentary film - making ) .
So , here is the first episode .
What you think of it :
Thanks to Azmi and the blog Qiyas for directing us to the video .
最近考えさせられることが多く、 日々反省と精進の毎日です。 人は経験から学ぶといいますが、 成長できることを確信することによって、 何とか凌いでいる自分が居るような気がします。
しばらく以前、友人が人間の行動心理に関する本を読んでいて、
確か Petit traité de manipulation à l’usage des honnêtes gens だったと思うのですが、 それをきっかけに、人を自分がしてもらいたいと思うように動かすにはどうしたらよいかという話になりました。 私がそのときに主張したのは、やる気のない相手を動かすことはできないということでした。 聞く気のない相手に言い聞かせることは不可能です。 ですから、まずは聞いてやってもいいと思ってもらえるよう仕向けないといけません。 そこで、 カーネギーの有名な書籍 などを引用したりしていたのですが、 逆に相手の言い分を自分が聞かなければ、決して相手も聞きたいとは思わないものです。
少なくとも形式的にはキリスト教の彼に、 私のような全くキリスト教信者ではない者がこういうことを言うのは滑稽なものですが、
はるか大昔に、重要なことは聖書にほとんど書かれてしまっていると指摘しました。
例えば、 マタイによる福音書 の有名な言葉 、
「だから、人にしてもらいたいと思うことは何でも、あなたがたも人にしなさい。」です。
個人的には、絶対唯一の神の存在は受け入れ難い考え方なので、
聖書を読むのは少々苦痛に感じることもあるのですが、
示唆に富む言葉に満ちているのもまた事実です。
一般的に、聖書に登場する言葉はやや簡潔にすぎて、解釈が困難であることが多いです。
逆に、そういう曖昧さが思考を喚起し、人に興味を抱かせるから、これだけ世界中に信者がいるのかもしれません。
この文脈に適用すれば、人に自分の意見を聞いてほしいと思うならば、自分が人の意見を聞かねばならないのです。
そうして初めて、自分が聞いてもらえる可能性が芽生えるのです。
しかし、やはりこの言葉の適用は非常に難しいのが現実です。
例えば、自分一人でできると思っていることに手助けしようものなら、
余計なお世話だと思われることもあるでしょう。
あるいは、やってもらいたいと思っている方法が、自分が想像することとは若干異なる場合もあります。
メカニズムを理解したいと思っている人もいれば、ただ現在の状況を解決する手段を知りたいと思っている人もいます。
実際、福音書のこの部分の始まりは、「求めなさい、そうすれば与えられるだろう。」であって、求めているかどうかに関係なく、自分勝手に自分の価値観だけに基づいて行動してはならないのです。
でも、求めていることをうまく表現するのもまた難しいのです。
内気なので、遠慮して、言葉にできない人がいて、
あるいは、自分の欠点を認めたくなくて露骨に表現できない人がいて、
そういう側面も汲み取ってあげないといけません。
それこそ、想像力を必要とする部分であり、
P. K. ディックの言うところの感情移入能力なのでしょう。
しかし本質的に異なる特徴をもった他人同士が、完全に相手の気持ちを理解することはとても困難です。
経験的に知っていることは比較的外れの小さい想像ができます。
例えば、自分より若い人間の気持ちは、自分の若い頃を想像すれば、
ある程度の推測ができます。 しかし、自分より年を取った人間の気持ちを理解することは容易ではありません。
下ネタに走りそうなので、男女差については避けて、
体があまり丈夫ではないお年寄を考えてみますと、
私にはリューマチを患った経験はなく、 はるかに素早く動くことができ、 膝が痛んだりもしないわけです。
そこでどうするかと言うと、 比較的類似した状況から演繹するしかありません。
例えば、自分が病気でふらふらしていたり、怪我をして思うように動けないときのことを思い出します。
もしも、そういうときに階段を降りようとしたら、他人にどうしてもらいたいでしょうか。
手摺を使わないとうまく降りられません。
手摺から無理矢理離れさせられるのはひどく苦痛です。
だから、そのまま真直進めるよう、場所を空けてあげないといけません。
周りに注意があまり向けられないので、あんまり接近するとびっくりするかもしれません。
だから、十分に距離を取ってあげないといけません。
簡単なことではありますが、そういう注意を常に向けつづけるのは、言うほど容易いことではありません。
さて、新人は知らない…先輩エンジニアの黒い教育活動記
という記事がありますが、 おそらく実際の上司はかなり混ざり合った意見をもっているものでしょう。
私自身、期待すると同時に、放置している部分もあり、若いからまだそういうものだろうと達観している部分もあります。
おそらく私はがーがーうるせー奴だと思われているに違いないけれど、
何か言いたいことがあるというのは、関心をもっている証拠でもあります。
何も言わなくなったときは、いなくなってくださって結構です、と思っているのです。
それが分かっているので、私は自分に批判的な人を大切したいと思っています。
その人の中で、自分が何がしかの位置を占めている証だからです。
そして、従順な人よりも、自分自身の成長にとって、むしろ反発してくれる人の方が有益だったりするからです。
果して、若い人、新しい人が、私のように考えてくれるかどうかは分かりません。
しかし、私自身が十分に耳を傾けてあげることで、肌で理解してくれるものと願っています。
残念ながら、私は聖人からは程遠い人間ですから、
私も常にそういう素晴らしい人間として振る舞える訳ではありません。
だからこそ、反省する日が少なくないわけでして、
いろいろ思い悩むわけです。 ストレスとか、体調不良とか、空腹とか、睡眠不足とか、
さまざまな理由で八つ当たり気味になることがあります。
よくない、それは十分に承知していますが、
人間には感情があり、非論理的で、不様な側面からは完全に逃れることができません。
それを言い訳にしたいのではなく、 精進はするけど、たまには大目に見てね、と。
その代わり、こっちもたまには大目に見るから、と。
ちなみに、上の記事で非常に同意してしまったのは、
いい子ぶらないで、たまには自分の意見を熱くぶつけてほしい。
というところですね。 遠慮せずに、思ったことを口に出してほしいし、 そういうことができる雰囲気を作る努力をしたい。 過ぎたるは及ばざるが如し、とも言います。 あんまり訳分かんないことを叫びつづけられると、 終いにはこっちもキレますが、 いや、実際それであなたは要りませんと言わざるを得なかったこともありますが、 あんまり黙ってるのもよくありません。 ほどほどに、こっちの目を開かせてくれるような発想を見せてほしい...
というのは期待のしすぎなのか、何なのか。
すでに発散してしまってますが、 私の信条は、 「 one of them 」ではなく 「 the one 」 になること。 技術者には是非そこを目指してほしい。 昔のとんねるずの歌じゃないけど、 群集に埋もれたくない、埋もれてほしくない。 技術者というのは、私に言わせれば、専門家であって、 専門家というものは他人にはできない何かをでき、 それを他人に認識させないといけない。 自分に何ができるのかを見つけることは、若い頃に重大なテーマであって、 そして同時に、困難なテーマです。 しかしそこを乗り切れば、きっと自分の生き方が見えてくるはず。
‘ It ’s open warfare over there ’
About two weeks ago , we started hearing about the panic and paralysis that had taken over the [ tag ] Justice Department [ / tag ] in the wake of the [ tag ] prosecutor [ / tag ] [ tag ] purge [ / tag ] [ tag ] scandal [ /tag ] .
“ You have no idea , ” said one Justice official , “ how bad it is here . ”
How ’s the nation ’s federal law - enforcement agency doing now ?
Apparently , it ’s getting worse — the New York Daily News reports that “ Gonzales ’ closest advisers [ have ] turned on one another . ”
“ It ’s unreal – it ’s open warfare over there , ” a former Justice official with close ties to Gonzales ’ team told the Daily News .
The AG ’s ex-chief of staff Kyle Sampson will testify in the Senate tomorrow , and Gonzales ’ ex-counsel Monica Goodling pleaded the fifth and refused to talk .
[ tag ]
Gonzales [ / tag ] has blamed Sampson for mistakes in how the firings were handled .
Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty , who privately blames Goodling for misleading him on the matter , may also be jockeying to take over if Gonzales resigns , sources said .
In fact , it seems part of the administration ’s problem with this fiasco is an inability to find a convenient scapegoat .
Gonzales blames Sampson , McNulty blames Goodling , the White House blames McNulty , Republicans on the Hill blame Gonzales , and no one on the right has figured out a way to blame Dems , the media , or MoveOn.org .
It ’s a wild west , every - man - for - himself environment … and these guys are yet to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee .
Obviously , with so much finger - pointing , chances are these officials are going to contradict one another , making the whole bunch look worse .
But just as importantly , it ’s also more likely that at least one of these guys , motivated purely by self - interest , will cut some kind of deal and rat his or her colleagues out to save his or her skin .
Someone practically invented popcorn for a situation like this .
In other purge - related news :
* When Sen. Pete Domenici ( R - N.M. ) called David Iglesias to pressure him on a local federal investigation , Monica Goodling was on the call .
My mistake .
Goodling was on the call when Domenici called the Justice Department to complaint about Iglesias .
She was not on the call when Domenici called Iglesias .
* White House officials have all but given up on their official email system , preferring private , un-archived , and unaccountable email addresses .
* Rep. Pete Hoekstra ( R - Mich . ) , ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee , said Gonzales has been “ badly weakened ” by the scandal .
“ The explanation has been absolutely abysmal , ” Hoekstra told C - SPAN ’s “ Washington Journal . ”
* TPM : “ Back in January , Dan Dzwilewski , the FBI ’s special agent in charge of the San Diego field office , told the San Diego Union - Tribune that Carol Lam ’s dismissal would jeopardize on - going corruption investigations and that ‘ I guarantee politics is involved . ’
After his quotes were published , the folks back in DC told him to keep quiet . ”
* Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) sent a letter to Gonzales yesterday “ demanding to know if senior counselor Monica Goodling is still a Justice Department employee and whether other key employees remain with the agency or have hired lawyers … .
The letter also seeks the employment status of three other aides mentioned as possible witnesses . ”
* With each passing comment , McNulty ’s and Sampson ’s versions of events become more contradictory .
* And USA Today reports that Senate Republicans are experiencing “ scandal fatigue . ”
At this week ’s caucus meeting , Specter asked GOP senators to downplay Goodling ’s plan to take the 5th .
The plea received “ a lot of head shaking , a lot of eye - rolling , ” said one senator who attended .
Stay tuned .
Strength Test Search : People wonder if their password is a good password .
I often come across two distinct groups of people .
The first would fall into a " just use any word " category , which is a very bad practice for picking passwords .
The second group will mix in a few numbers in order to make the password a lot harder to guess .
But , how do you know if you have a secure passphrase ?
Good passwords / passphrases : ... should be 8 characters or longer , which forces you to use multiple words or extra symbols .
... should have upper case , lower case , symbols , and numbers ; or at least three of those four groups .
... should not be a common word and should not be a common phrase .
... should not contain a date , a name , or other things that can be associated with you .
... should be created randomly or semi-randomly .
... should not be a suggestion when you type in the first few characters into Google .
This password checker will gauge your password and give it a score based on how good of a password it is .
It will let you know if you picked a common password ( do n't do that ! ) and it will also take into account the probability of letters landing close to each other .
For instance , " Q " is almost always followed by " U " , so your password 's score wo n't increase much when you type in the " U " .
I use cryptographically - minded descriptions to describe how weak or strong a password is .
For throwaway email accounts , passwords to log into your personal machine , and other things that do n't require the most strict authentication , feel free to use a password that is deemed " Weak " or " Reasonable " .
However , be careful still ; if you plan on using a single password for multiple things , I strongly suggest a better password .
I would strongly recommend never reusing a password and rotating your passwords often .
This runs completely in your browser and sends no information back to me .
If you are paranoid , you can read the source code , unplug your machine from the internet , or just use a password that is similar to yours .
Also , please keep in mind that this is an estimate of how strong your password is , and I make no guarantee that the information shown is correct .
Enter your password or passphrase here : Loading ...
Warnings are shown if you enter a common password .
Warnings are shown if your password is very short ( 4 or less characters ) or if it is short ( less than 8 characters )
Password strength is determined with this chart , which might be a bit of a stretch for a non-critical password : < 28 bits = Very Weak ; might keep out family members 28 - 35 bits =
Weak ; should keep out most people , often good for desktop login passwords 36 - 59 bits =
Reasonable ; fairly secure passwords for network and company passwords 60 - 127 bits = Strong ; can be good for guarding financial information 128 + bits = Very Strong ; often overkill
The number of bits listed for entropy is an estimate based on letter pair combinations in the English language .
To make the frequency tables a reasonable size , I have lumped all non-alphabetic characters together into the same group .
Because of this , your entropy score will be lower than your real score when you use several symbols .
For determining the character set , letters are grouped into a-z , A - Z , numbers , symbols above numbers , other symbols , and other characters .
If your passphrase contains a character from the subset , that subset is added to the pool , increasing the size of the character set and increasing the amount of entropy in your password .
For further information , try NIST 's Special Publication 800-63 , Electronic Authentication Guideline , Appendix A : Estimating Password Entropy and Strength .
Also , C.E. Shannon's A Mathematical Theory of Communication .
I 've also written up some thoughts password security
If you really like this program and you want to include it with your software or on your site , you can download it here : passchk.zip ( 34 k ) .
The code is licensed under the GPLv3 , which may be of importance to note if you are including it as part of your custom software .
INDEX
Diceware
Generate Pass
MD5
Strength Test
Mars Rover Spirit Unearths Surprise Evidence Of Wetter Past
NASA 's Spirit rover has found a patch of bright - toned soil so rich in silica that scientists propose water must have been involved in concentrating it .
Image credit : NASA / JPL / Cornell .
by Staff Writers
Pasadena CA ( SPX ) May 22 , 2007
A patch of Martian soil analyzed by NASA 's rover Spirit is so rich in silica that it may provide some of the strongest evidence yet that ancient Mars was much wetter than it is now .
The processes that could have produced such a concentrated deposit of silica require the presence of water .
Members of the rover science team heard from a colleague during a recent teleconference that the alpha particle X - ray spectrometer , a chemical analyzer at the end of Spirit 's arm , had measured a composition of about 90 percent pure silica for this soil .
" You could hear people gasp in astonishment , " said Steve Squyres of Cornell University , Ithaca , N.Y. , principal investigator for the Mars rovers ' science instruments .
" This is a remarkable discovery .
And the fact that we found something this new and different after nearly 1,200 days on Mars makes it even more remarkable .
It makes you wonder what else is still out there . "
Spirit 's miniature thermal emission spectrometer observed the patch , and Steve Ruff of Arizona State University , Tempe , noticed that its spectrum showed a high silica content .
The team has laid out plans for further study of the soil patch and surrounding deposits .
Exploring a low range of hills inside a Connecticut - sized basin named Gusev Crater , Spirit had previously found other indicators of long - ago water at the site , such as patches of water - bearing , sulfur - rich soil ; alteration of minerals ; and evidence of explosive volcanism .
" This is some of the best evidence Spirit has found for water at Gusev , " said Albert Yen , a geochemist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
One possible origin for the silica could have been interaction of soil with acid vapors produced by volcanic activity in the presence of water .
Another could have been from water in a hot spring environment .
The latest discovery adds compelling new evidence for ancient conditions that might have been favorable for life , according to members of the rover science team .
David Des Marais , an astrobiologist at NASA 's Ames Research Center , Moffett Field , Calif. , said , " What 's so exciting is that this could tell us about environments that have similarities to places on Earth that are clement for organisms . "
Spirit and its twin rover , Opportunity , completed their original three - month prime missions in April 2004 .
Both are still operating , though showing signs of age .
One of Spirit 's six wheels no longer rotates , so it leaves a deep track as it drags through soil .
That churning has exposed several patches of bright soil , leading to some of Spirit 's biggest discoveries at Gusev , including this recent discovery .
Doug McCuistion , director of NASA 's Mars Exploration Program , said , " This unexpected new discovery is a reminder that Spirit and Opportunity are still doing cutting - edge exploration more than three years into their extended missions .
It also reinforces the fact that significant amounts of water were present in Mars ' past , which continues to spur the hope that we can show that Mars was once habitable and possibly supported life . "
The newly discovered patch of soil has been given the informal name " Gertrude Weise , " after a player in the All - American Girls Professional Baseball League , according to Ray Arvidson of Washington University in St. Louis , deputy principal investigator for the rovers .
" We 've looked at dozens of disturbed soil targets in the rover tracks , and this is the first one that shows a high silica signature , " said Ruff , who last month proposed using Spirit 's miniature thermal emission spectrometer to observe this soil .
That instrument provides mineral composition information about targets viewed from a distance .
The indications it found for silica in the overturned soil prompted a decision this month to drive Spirit close enough to touch the soil with the alpha particle X - ray spectrometer .
Silica commonly occurs on Earth as the crystalline mineral quartz and is the main ingredient in window glass .
The Martian silica at the Gertrude Weise patch is non-crystalline , with no detectable quartz .
Spirit worked within about 50 yards or meters of the Gertrude Weise area for more than 18 months before the discovery was made .
" This discovery has driven home to me the value of in - depth , careful exploration , " Squyres said .
" This is a target - rich environment , and it is a good thing we did n't go hurrying through it . "
Meanwhile , on the other side of the planet , Opportunity has been exploring Victoria Crater for about eight months .
" Opportunity has completed the initial survey of the crater 's rim and is now headed back to the area called Duck Bay , which may provide a safe path down into the crater , " said John Callas , project manager for the rovers at JPL .
JPL , a division of the California Institute of Technology , Pasadena , manages the Mars Exploration Rover project for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate .
For images and information about the rovers , visit http://www.nasa.gov/rovers .
The calorie restriction ( CR ) literature is exploding : dozens of papers are published each month , many of which are noteworthy in some way .
I ’ve been falling behind in my coverage .
Consequently , I ’m going to return to a format that I abandoned last year , the Research Roundup : eschewing commentary , I ’ll include simply titles , links , and a key abstract sentence or two to distill the key finding of each paper .
In no particular order :
Adiposity alters indication : Aging , Adiposity , and Calorie Restriction , Fontana & Klein ( in JAMA , in a section targeted at clinicians ) :
Calorie restriction in adult men and women causes beneficial metabolic , hormonal , and functional changes , but the precise amount of calorie intake or body fat mass associated with optimal health and maximum longevity in humans is not known .
In addition , it is possible that even moderate calorie restriction may be harmful in specific patient populations , such as lean persons who have minimal amounts of body fat .
CR protects the aging kidney : Adult - onset Calorie Restriction Delays the Accumulation of Mitochondrial Enzyme Abnormalities in Aging Rat Kidney Tubular Epithelial Cells , McKiernan et al. :
This dietary intervention effectively reduced glomerulosclerosis and tubular atrophy within six months , changed the rate of interstitial fibrosis formation within one year and vascular wall thickening and the expression cytochrome c oxidase ( COX ) - deficient tubular epithelial cells in 18 months …
Fertility and reproduction : Effects of mild calorie restriction on reproduction , plasma parameters and hepatic gene expression in mice with altered GH / IGF - I axis , Rocha et al . :
Fertility was not altered by CR in any of the examined groups . …
This preliminary study encourages speculation that mild regimens of CR can produce health and longevity benefits without the “ costs ” of impaired reproductive potential .
Delaying human aging : Human Caloric Restriction for Retardation of Aging : Current Approaches and Preliminary Data , Roberts & Schoeller :
These observations combined with the recent suggestion of active alterations in aging processes by antiaging genes do suggest the potential for significant beneficial effects of CR in humans consistent with the effects that are emerging in the nonhuman primate studies .
However , some theoretical analyses alternatively suggest that there may be only a limited potential of CR to extend lifespan and reduce morbidity in humans .
Evolutionary conservation : Ruminations on dietary restriction and aging , Kennedy et al .
Here we discuss the links between nutrient reduction and enhanced longevity with emphasis on evolutionarily conserved nutrient response signaling .
First - ever images of living human retinas have yielded a surprise about how we perceive our world .
Researchers at the University of Rochester have found that the number of color - sensitive cones in the human retina differs dramatically among people — by up to 40 times — yet people appear to perceive colors the same way .
The findings , on the cover of this week 's journal Neuroscience , strongly suggest that our perception of color is controlled much more by our brains than by our eyes .
" We were able to precisely image and count the color - receptive cones in a living human eye for the first time , and we were astonished at the results , " says David Williams , Allyn Professor of Medical Optics and director of the Center for Visual Science .
" We 've shown that color perception goes far beyond the hardware of the eye , and that leads to a lot of interesting questions about how and why we perceive color . "
Williams and his research team , led by postdoctoral student Heidi Hofer , now an assistant professor at the University of Houston , used a laser - based system developed by Williams that maps out the topography of the inner eye in exquisite detail .
The technology , known as adaptive optics , was originally used by astronomers in telescopes to compensate for the blurring of starlight caused by the atmosphere .
Williams turned the technique from the heavens back toward the eye to compensate for common aberrations .
The technique allows researchers to study the living retina in ways that were never before possible .
The pigment that allows each cone in the human eye to react to different colors is very fragile and normal microscope light bleaches it away .
This means that looking at the retina from a cadaver yields almost no information on the arrangement of their cones , and there is certainly no ability to test for color perception .
Likewise , the amino acids that make up two of the three different - colored cones are so similar that there are no stains that can bind to some and not others , a process often used by researchers to differentiate cell types under a microscope .
Imaging the living retina allowed Williams to shine light directly into the eye to see what wavelengths each cone reflects and absorbs , and thus to which color each is responsive .
In addition , the technique allows scientists to image more than a thousand cones at once , giving an unprecedented look at the composition and distribution of color cones in the eyes of living humans with varied retinal structure .
Each subject was asked to tune the color of a disk of light to produce a pure yellow light that was neither reddish yellow nor greenish yellow .
Everyone selected nearly the same wavelength of yellow , showing an obvious consensus over what color they perceived yellow to be .
Once Williams looked into their eyes , however , he was surprised to see that the number of long - and middle - wavelength cones — the cones that detect red , green , and yellow — were sometimes profusely scattered throughout the retina , and sometimes barely evident .
The discrepancy was more than a 40:1 ratio , yet all the volunteers were apparently seeing the same color yellow .
" Those early experiments showed that everyone we tested has the same color experience despite this really profound difference in the front - end of their visual system , " says Hofer .
" That points to some kind of normalization or auto - calibration mechanism — some kind of circuit in the brain that balances the colors for you no matter what the hardware is . "
In a related experiment , Williams and a postdoctoral fellow Yasuki Yamauchi , working with other collaborators from the Medical College of Wisconsin , gave several people colored contacts to wear for four hours a day .
While wearing the contacts , people tended to eventually feel as if they were not wearing the contacts , just as people who wear colored sunglasses tend to see colors " correctly " after a few minutes with the sunglasses .
The volunteers ' normal color vision , however , began to shift after several weeks of contact use .
Even when not wearing the contacts , they all began to select a pure yellow that was a different wavelength than they had before wearing the contacts .
" Over time , we were able to shift their natural perception of yellow in one direction , and then the other , " says Williams .
" This is direct evidence for an internal , automatic calibrator of color perception .
These experiments show that color is defined by our experience in the world , and since we all share the same world , we arrive at the same definition of colors . "
Williams ' team is now looking to identify the genetic basis for this large variation between retinas .
Early tests on the original volunteers showed no simple connection among certain genes and the number and diversity of color cones , but Williams is continuing to search for the responsible combination of genes .
One of the world ’s largest solar energy plants , covering the hills of a valley dotted with olive groves in southern Portugal , started delivering electricity to about 8,000 homes on Wednesday .
The solar panels , which are raised around 2 meters off the ground , cover an area of 60 hectares ( 150 acres ) and produce 11 megawatts of electricity in one of Europe ’s sunniest spots — Portugal ’s poor agricultural Alentejo region .
GE Energy Financial Services , a unit of General Electric , financed and purchased the project in an approximately US $ 75 million transaction last year .
PowerLight , now a subsidiary of SunPower , designed , deployed , operates and maintains the plant .
The plant uses PowerLight ’s PowerTracker ® system that follows the sun ’s daily path across the sky to generate more electricity than conventional fixed - mounted systems .
Via : Reuters and Inside Green Tech
A Post By : Darren Rowse
A few months ago I wrote a post on how curiosity is a characteristic of great photographers .
I was rereading this post earlier this week and began to ask myself a few questions :
How do some people end up more curious than others ?
Is Curiosity a personality trait or can it be learned ?
How can I be more curious ?
As I pondered these questions I thought of the images that I see each day on Flickr ’s interestingness pages ( the shots in this post come from there ) .
Some of the shots are just so unusual that I would never have thought to take them .
Obviously there are some ‘ curious ’ photographers behind them – but how do they do it ?
I ’ve never studied this but I suspect that while curiosity could well be something a personality type thing and that some of us will be more naturally curious than others – it is also that we can all probably learn how to be – to some extent .
How can you add Curiosity to your Photographic toolbox ?
10 Ways to be a more Curious Photographer :
1 . Do n’t be held Captive ‘ the Rules ’
There are a lot of ‘ rules ’ going around when it comes to photography .
Read the books ( read this blog ) and you ’ll find them .
Some of them have formal names like ‘ rule of thirds ’ and ‘ the golden ratio ’ while others are often just called ‘ the right way to …’ .
Rules are a great thing to know ( and use ) – however the curious photographer often takes great shots because they not only know the rules but because they set out to break them .
Take the Rule of thirds – sometimes the most powerful shots are those with a centered subject staring down the barrel of the lens .
2. Ask Questions
Curious photographers are always asking questions .
Questions of other photographers , questions about their own work , questions about their cameras , questions of their subjects etc
As a result they often learn things about their art ( and themselves ) that the rest of us do n’t and their work improves because of it .
Find someone with the same camera as you and ask them how they use it .
Find a photographer from a different genre to you and ask them about their techniques .
Look back over your last month ’s photos and ask yourself what you did well ( and not so well ) .
3. Ask ‘ What if …’
One of the key questions you should get in the habit of asking is ‘ what if ’?
Curious people do n’t just ask questions – they also come up with solutions .
Many of the solutions will end up being thrown away but if you ask ‘ what if ’ enough times you ’re bound to make progress eventually .
What if I held the camera on this angle … .
What if I got my subject to stand like this ….
What if I lay on the ground to take this shot … .
What if I lengthened my shutter speed …..
4. ‘ Turn Questions into Quests ’
An old teacher once used this phrase with me and it ’s stuck in my mind ever since – ‘ turn your Questions into Quests ’ .
Asking ‘ what if …’ ( and other questions ) is not enough .
Keep a record of the questions that you ask yourself and keep coming back to them from time to time to attempt to find a solution to the problems behind the questions .
Taking your questions to the next level like this may not always be fruitful but at times it ’ll lead you on journeys of discovery to unexpected places .
Set yourself quests and challenges for your photography .
I occasionally set myself a list of photos that I want to capture in an afternoon or will have a week where I explore a theme ( the assignments in our forum are great for this ) .
Get more tips and tutorials from our free weekly newsletter
5. Learn from Others
While sometimes the best way to learn is by trying , making mistakes and then trying again – sometimes it ’s more effective to find someone else who has already tried , made mistakes and tried again to help you avoid the pitfalls of photography .
Find another photographer to buddy up with when you go out on shoots .
Swap ideas , give each other tips and share the lessons that you learn .
This is actually whey I started this blog and more recently our forums – I want to learn more about digital photography and I know together we ’ll discover so much more .
6 . Put disconnected ideas together
Edward De Bono has a lot of different exercises that help people develop lateral thinking skills .
In a number of his books he talks about how one way to think outside the box is when you put random ideas together to find new solutions to problems .
Get in the frame of mind where you regularly do this and you ’ll be surprised at how your mind comes up with wonderfully creative things .
The shot above of the guy under the umbrella with capsules dropping down on him is a prime example of this .
Who would have ever thought to put drugs raining down on someone under a bright umbrella ?
7. Play
Perhaps the most curious of people are children who do a lot of what we ’re writing about here ( especially asking questions ) .
Another thing that children do is ‘ play ’ .
With no other agenda than having fun and seeing what happens next children will play with the things around them and experiment and push the boundaries of their environment .
In doing so they learn about life , themselves and their world .
I find that it ’s often when I take this ‘ playful ’ approach to life that I ’m at my most creative and make all kinds of discoveries .
Some of my best photos have come out of periods of ‘ play ’ when I just fooled around with my camera with no agenda at all .
Play with new angles , with different shooting distances , with shooting from different perspectives etc
8 . Go with the Flow
One of the biggest blockages to creativeness and curiosity are statements like :
We ’ve never done it this way before
This is Stupid
It will never work
It is often directly after such statements that ideas stop being explored , projects end and people return to the humdrum of life .
Learn to ignore such statements and follow your intuition and hunches and you might just find yourself doing something that ‘ has never been done before ’ that people wish HAD been done before .
I ’m sure many of the images in the Flickr interestingness page are the result of this evolution of ideas by people who did n’t know when to stop .
9. Get Proactive
One of the main things that I notice about curious people are that they rarely sit still and are always pushing forward and taking the initiative .
Curious photographers do n’t expect great photographic opportunities to come to them – but instead they actively search for them .
They have a mindset where it almost becomes natural to ask , seek and find the things that the rest of us hope that will one day fall in our laps .
Grab your camera , get out of the house , find some interesting subjects and start shooting .
That great shot wo n’t just come knocking on your door !
10 . Slow Down
We live in a fast paced world where we race from one thing to another , rarely sitting still .
Unfortunately it is easy to bring this way of life into our photography .
We impatiently wait for ‘ the shot ’ and when it does n’t quickly come we snap away and move on .
However in most cases photography is n’t a fast paced medium .
I learned this talking to a Pro Landscape photographer once who told me that some days he ’d sit in a spot for a full day and only take a handful of shots .
He had learned to slow down , to see the smaller subtleties of life , to be patient and the results were that his work was truly magnificent .
Set aside a few hours this week to go and sit quietly in a pace in your town or city and watch the world go by .
Do n’t set yourself an agenda – just watch and when you see something worth photographing take the shot .
Note : this post on being a curious photographer is an update of a previous post on dPS .
We hope you enjoy the refreshed version .
Michael Collins of Scoop Independent News has really been at the forefront of reporting voting irregularities .
His latest story points to why Christine Jennings 's contested results in the FL - 13 race should be opened to public scrutiny :
Congress Seats Two Clear " Losers "
Wrong Winner Chosen Twice by Same Voting Machine
Examining Florida 13th and North Carolina 8th
Congressional Districts Leaves Little Doubt
The Election Contest filed by Democrat Christine Jennings and her attorney Kendall Coffey creates complications that could blow the electronic voting world to pieces .
In the simplest terms , the Jennings Florida 13th Congressional district case requires a review of the Kissell loss in North Carolina 's 8th Congressional district .
And that spells disaster for e-voting .
Why ?
Because both the Florida and North Carolina districts used iVotronics touch screen voting machines .
These voting machines produced very similar levels of counting errors .
The errors cost both Democrats thousands of votes .
Ultimately , both Democratic candidates were denied a victory by less than 400 votes .
While Jennings makes a very strong case for a voided election and new vote in Florida , the case becomes virtually unassailable when reviewing results from North Carolina .
At the same time , the North Carolina 8th results , reviewed in the context of the election contest analysis of Florida 's 13th , makes it abundantly clear that the loser , Kissell , should have won in almost any scenario other than voting machine malfunction .
In both districts , the iVotronic touch screen voting machines produced undervote rates at or above 15 % .
What this means is that supposedly one in seven voters cast ballots but left out a choice for the most important election ( an unmarked race on an otherwise marked ballot is called an undervote ) .
The only culprit in both the Florida 13th and North Carolina 8th elections is voting machine malfunction .
The facts supporting the case for losers winning do n't allow for much debate in these Florida and North Carolina races .
They 're simple and a review leads to conclusions that devastate any trust in electronic voting .
The Florida election contest brief filed in Congress looks at data within the 13th Congressional district and data from other Florida districts .
Coffey notes that the undervote rate in Sarasota County is six times the undervote rate in surrounding counties in the same district .
How did that happen ?
These are contiguous counties and part of the same congressional district .
Coffey performs a rhetorical slam dunk by looking at undervotes for the two types of early voting in Sarasota County .
Early voting by mail required voters to mark their choices on optical scan paper ballots then mail the ballots to the elections board where they were totaled using optical scan readers .
Mail in early voting undervotes were at 2.6 % .
In person early voters came to central locations and voted on iVotronic touch screens like those used in the general election .
Undervotes by that method ran 17.6 % .
There is no reason for a difference of 15 points other than the one provided by Coffey in the Jennings case : voting machine malfunction by the iVotronics .
As a result , 14,000 Sarasota County voters lost their constitutional rights .
The election should be voided and a new one held .
Mecklenburg County , NC and the End of Electronic Voting
One might argue that this is an exaggerated claim but review the facts and decide yourself .
Any serious evaluation of the Jennings election contest by Congress leads right to North Carolina 's Mecklenburg County .
iVotronic touch screens were used in the Jennings race and three Congressional races in Mecklenburg .
That county holds the answers to both the Jennings contest and a resolution of another 2006 travesty , the loss of Democrat Larry Kissell in that North Carolina 's 8th Congressional District .
As a result of voting problems in 2004 , North Carolina requires a paper trail for touch screen voting machines .
Right now there are paper receipts for each vote cast in these three districts .
The test is simple .
Total the votes for Congress on paper trail receipts in each Congressional district and compare those totals to the vote totals from the iVotronic touch screens .
If paper receipts show more votes for Congress than reported by the touch screens , the variance points clearly to an iVotronic machine error .
If Jennings could provide such data , this would add a compelling new level of evidence added to her case .
If the paper trail receipts are available and examined , they represent a smoking gun that validates the Florida case .
Even without the paper receipts , there is strong support to argue that the same class of touch screens used in Florida , iVotronics , produced exceptional , no unbelievable rates of undervotes in North Carolina not evident in high visibility races .
iVotronic voting machines were used in Mecklenburg County in 2006 .
The county contains part of three Congressional Districts .
The graph on the left shows very high undervotes in the 8th and 12th .
In the 8th , Democrat Kissell lost by 329 votes with an undervote rate close to that in the Jennings race .
A preliminary look at 2006 and 2004 undervote rates shows that the 2006 undervote rate in Mecklenburg County , NC indicates that the iVotronic machines throw away votes .
Using the county as a whole , in 2006 the average Congressional undervote rate ( for all three races ) was 11 % .
In 2006 , the Congressional race was the lead or one of the lead races .
In 2004 , with vote totals for President as the baseline , the undervote rate in Mecklenburg was 2.6 % .
Thus , undervotes increased by a factor of four from 2004 to 2006 .
By investigating Jennings claims through the use of the highly pertinent and available data from North Carolina , it becomes abundantly clear that Democrat Kissell lost that contest due to machine malfunction - by the very same type of machines used in the Jennings race .
Since the undervote rates in these distant and disparate counties were almost the same , the data on Kissell supports Jennings claims .
Below you see the electronic nightmare created by analysis of the North Carolina race .
The graph on the left shows 3,199 undervotes ( 16.6 % ) in Democrat Kissell 's stronghold in Mecklenburg .
On the right , the victory margin district wide for Republican Hayes is shown next to the undervotes for just Mecklenburg where Democrat Kissell won by a two to one margin .
The North Carolina 9th and 12th races were blow outs .
The 8th was not .
In the very area where Kissell was strongest , le lost 3,199 voters , many of whom would have voted for him .
The undervotes in the Mecklenburg portion of the 8th were more than nine times the victory margin for the entire district and they occurred in a voting area that went 68 %
to 32 % for the Democratic Party candidate , Larry Kissell .
Let 's assume a typical rate of undevotes at a generous 3 % , or 579 votes , and Kissell 's Mecklenburg share of 68 % of the votes couted .
The math is easy .
Kissell wins .
Presume that Kissell 's undervote rate of 16.6 % is the final proof ( with or without recounting the paper trail voting receipts ) of voting machine malfunction in Jennings ' Florida district .
It 's easy , Jennings wins .
These numbers wo n't go away .
We now have two members of Congress seated as a result of elections decided by less than 400 votes .
A simple analysis of current and historical data for expected undervotes shows that the double digit undervote rates in each candidate 's stronghold resulted in lost votes ; votes that would have lead to a victory by either of the now designated losing candidates .
The first shall be last , once again .
Stay tuned .
Data Sources : Mecklenburg County Board of Elections 8th District
11/30/06
Mecklenburg County Board of Elections 9th District
11/30/06
Mecklenburg County Board of Elections 12th District
11/30/06
Screen Shots of Districts 8 , 9 , 12 Mecklenburg
This WWW page is intended to serve as a comprehensive collection of algorithm implementations for over seventy of the most fundamental problems in combinatorial algorithms .
The problem taxonomy , implementations , and supporting material are all drawn from my book The Algorithm Design Manual .
Since the practical person is more often looking for a program than an algorithm , we provide pointers to solid implementations of useful algorithms , when they are available .
Because of the volatility of the WWW , we provide local copies for many of the implementations .
We encourage you to get them from the original sites instead of Stony Brook , because the version on the original site is more likely to be maintained .
Further , there are often supporting files and documentation which we did not copy , and which may be of interest to you .
The local copies of large implementations are maintained as gzip tar archives and , where available , DOS zip archives .
Software for decoding these formats is readily available .
Many of these codes have been made available for research or educational use , although commercial use requires a licensing arrangement with the author .
Licensing terms from academic institutions are usually surprisingly modest .
The recognition that industry is using a particular code is important to the authors , often more important than the money .
This can lead to enhanced support or future releases of the software .
Do the right thing and get a license -- information about terms or who to contact is usually available embedded within the documentation , or available at the original source site .
Use at your own risk .
The author , Springer - Verlag , and the State University of New York make no representations , express or implied , with respect to any software or documentation we describe .
The authors , Springer - Verlag , and the State University of New York shall in no event be liable for any indirect , incidental , or consequential damages .
Other information on this site
Oct. 23 , 2006  --
As if there were n't enough concerns about the integrity of the vote , a non-partisan civic organization today claimed it had hacked into the voter database for the 1.35 million voters in the city of Chicago .
Bob Wilson , an official with the Illinois Ballot Integrity Project -- which bills itself as a not - for - profit civic organization dedicated to the correction of election system deficiencies -- tells ABC News that last week his organization hacked the database , which contains detailed information about hundreds of thousands of Chicago voters , including their Social Security numbers , and dates of birth .
" It was a serious identity theft problem , but also a problem that could potentially create problems with the election , " Wilson said .
A nefarious hacker could have changed every voter 's status from active to inactive , which would have prevented them from voting , he said .
" Or we could 've changed the information on what precinct you were in or what polling place you were supposed to go to , " he said .
" So there were ways that we could potentially change the entire online data base and disenfranchise voters throughout the entire city of Chicago . "
" If we 'd wanted to , we could 've wiped the entire database out , " Wilson claimed .
Tom Leach , a spokesman for the Chicago Election Board , tells ABC News that the problem seems to have arisen because the city 's database allowing voters to locate their voting precinct once asked voters for detailed information such as Social Security numbers .
Approximately six years ago , Leach said , when the website was updated -- requiring only name and address -- city computer experts " never cut the links to the Social Security numbers and the dates of birth . "
Leach said he doubted the Illinois Ballot Integrity Project could have disenfranchised voters or wiped out the database , but he and the Election Board were very concerned and had taken steps to remedy whatever problems exist , including bringing in an outside computer forensic expert to verify that the database is secure and to ensure no one had already hacked the database .
" We 're also making arrangements to remove the Social Security numbers , " he added , and the Election Board was also alerting law enforcement to the problem as pointed out to them .
" Even though they could hack into the Web site , they could n't hack into the voter file , " Leach said .
" The Web site feeds into a copy file , not the actual original file . "
Leach said the issue had absolutely nothing to do with the city 's electronic voting machines , which are manufactured by Sequoia Voting Systems .
But Wilson counters that this is just one hole in a system that may be full of them .
" This is a part of the entire electronic voting program that we 're depending on -- computerized voter databases and electronic voting machines , " Wilson said .
" Any computer is subject to failure and security flaws and we have seen in electronic voting hundreds of news reports about dozens and dozens of jurisdictions where there are problems . "
Rich Skrenta , who may have written the first microcomputer virus , calls Google the start page for the Internet :
The net is n't a directed graph .
It 's not a tree .
It 's a single point labeled G connected to 10 billion destination pages .
If the Internet were a monolithic product , say the work of some alternate - future AT&T that had n't been broken up , then you 'd turn it on and it would have a start page .
From there you'd be able to reach all of the destination services , however many there were .
Well , that 's how the net has organized itself after all .
From this position , Google derives immense and amazing power .
And they make money , but not only for themselves .
Google makes advertisers money .
Google makes publishers money .
Google drives multi-billion dollar industries profiting from Google SEM / SEO .
Most businesses on the net get 70 % of their traffic from Google .
These business are not competitors with Google , they are its partners , and have an interest in driving Google 's success .
Google has made partners of us all .
But what happens when the start page for the internet -- the source of more than 70 percent of your traffic -- decides it will no longer index your web site ?
That 's exactly what happened to JavaLobby over the christmas break :
It had been aggravating to spend holiday time cleaning up the unwanted [ 50,000 spam forum messages ] , but the real problem did n't surface until we started going through our normal morning routine yesterday , having just returned to work from our holiday break .
We generally take a look at a variety of statistics in the morning before proceeding into whatever development work we 're doing .
Having been out of the office for almost two weeks , we had a lot of stats to look at .
It took no time to see that something was wrong - traffic was down .
A little more investigation revealed the problem .
We had completely disappeared from Google 's main index !
If you run a website , then you know how serious a problem this is .
On any given day over 10,000 visitors arrive at Javalobby as a result of Google searches , and suddenly they stopped coming !
We had apparently been grouped together with the spammer 's viagra and casino sites , and poof !
Suddenly we no longer existed in the eyes of Google , the world 's largest search engine .
Countless thousands of well - ranked pages gone in a blink .
Perhaps you now understand why I would commit a violent crime if I caught those forum spammers ?
In essence , they have wiped out strategic positioning that we took years to build .
Google 's response in this situation is arguably justified .
They can't have query results redirecting users to sex sites ; the public good requires that rogue or defaced websites get removed from their index as soon as they 're discovered .
Google 's Matt Cutts , in response to a similar Google delisting incident posted on Slashdot , wrote an entire blog post documenting exactly how Google handles hacked websites :
But let 's take a step back .
This site was hacked and stuffed with a bunch of hidden spammy porn words and links .
Google detected the spam in less than 10 days ; that 's faster than the site owner noticed it .
We temporarily removed the site from our index so that users would n't get the spammy porn back in response to queries .
We made it possible for the webmaster to verify that their site was penalized .
Then we emailed the site , with the exact page and the exact text that was causing problems .
We provided a link to the correct place for the site owner to request reinclusion .
We also made the penalty for a relatively short time ( 60 days ) , so that if the webmaster fixed the issue but did n't contact Google , they would still be fine after a few weeks .
Ultimately , each site owner is responsible for making sure that their site is n't spammy .
If you pick a bad search engine optimizer ( SEO ) and they make a ton of spammy doorway pages on your domain , Google still needs to take action .
Hacked sites are no different : lots of spammy / hacked sites will try to install malware on users ' computers .
If your site is hacked and turns spammy , Google may need to remove your site , but we will also try to alert you via our webmaster console and even by emailing you to let you know what happened .
To the best of my knowledge , no other search engine confirms any penalties to sites , nor do they email site owners .
I had completely forgotten about Google 's Webmaster console until Matt mentioned it .
If you own a website , you should take advantage of these tools .
They 'll let you diagnose and fix most Google - related problems .
On top of that , they 'll even give you some basic stats on the search queries people used to get to your website .
All you have to do is prove ownership of your website by either uploading a specially - named file , or modifying a page to include a specific META tag .
But let 's put aside , for a moment , the fact that the webmaster response to Google 's delisting was a little hysterical in the face of Google 's excellent webmaster tools .
Can you blame them ?
You 'd probably be upset , too , if more than 70 percent of the website to your traffic disappeared overnight .
That 's the truly scary part .
Google 's lead over its competitors is so complete , so total , that if your website is n't in Google , it effectively does n't exist .
I 'm not sure the Microsoft monopoly has ever wielded that kind of power .
And even if they did , it would by definition be limited to desktops .
Google has shown few signs of abusing their position so far .
But I 'm not sure I 'm comfortable with a single company having such near - absolute power over the sum of all information on the internet , either .
Forced by a gay sex scandal to resign as president of the National Association of Evangelicals , the Rev. Ted Haggard now feels that after three weeks of intensive counseling , he is “ completely heterosexual , ” says an overseer of the megachurch Mr. Haggard once led .
The church official , the Rev. Tim Ralph , said in an interview published yesterday by The Denver Post that Mr. Haggard had also told the board of overseers that his only sexual relationship involving another man had been with Michael Jones , the onetime Denver prostitute who exposed that three - year affair last fall .
Mr. Jones said then that he was making it public because Mr. Haggard had acted hypocritically in promoting a constitutional amendment to bar same - sex marriage .
Mr. Haggard , who as a result of the scandal was ousted by the overseers in November as senior pastor of New Life Church in Colorado Springs , broke a three - month silence over the weekend when he contacted members of the church by e-mail to tell them that he was healing .
BAGHDAD , April 9 —
Tens of thousands of protesters loyal to the militant Shiite cleric Moktada al - Sadr took to the streets of the holy city of Najaf on Monday in an extraordinarily disciplined rally to demand an end to the American military presence in Iraq , burning American flags and chanting “ Death to America . ”
Residents said the angry , boisterous demonstration was the largest in Najaf , the heart of Shiite religious power , since the American - led invasion .
It took place on the fourth anniversary of the fall of Baghdad , and it was an obvious attempt by Mr. Sadr to show to the world the extent of his influence here in Iraq , even though he did not appear at the rally .
Mr. Sadr went underground after the American military began a new security push in Baghdad on Feb. 14 , and his whereabouts are unknown .
Mr. Sadr used the protest to try to reassert his image as a nationalist rebel who appeals to both anti-American Shiites and Sunni Arabs .
He established that reputation in 2004 , when he publicly supported Sunni insurgents in Falluja who were battling the American marines , and he quickly gained popularity among Sunnis across Iraq and the region .
But his nationalist credentials have been tarnished in the last year , as Sunni Arabs have accused Mr. Sadr ’s militia , the Mahdi Army , of torturing and killing Sunnis .
Iraqi policemen and soldiers lined the path taken by the protesters , and there were no reports of violence during the day .
The American military handed security oversight of the city and province of Najaf to the Iraqi government last December , and the calm atmosphere on Monday showed that the Iraqi security forces could maintain control , keeping suicide bombers away from an obvious target .
In March , when millions of Shiite pilgrims flocked to the holy cities of the south , Iraqi security forces in provinces adjoining Najaf failed to stop bombers from killing scores .
The Danish government today presented a proposal for a new energy plan , saying it plans to raise the use of renewable energy to 30 % from 15 % now by 2025 .
The government said it would double investment in renewable energy to 1 billion Danish kroner ( $ 173.77 million ) a year from 2010 , with the aim of cutting the use of fossil fuels by at least 15 % by 2025 .
The investment will be used partly for research into and development of second generation biofuel , highly efficient wind turbines , effective low - energy buildings , as well as hydrogen and fuel cells .
The government also said it aims to cut annual energy consumption by 1.25 % a year up until 2025 , and cover 10 % of the transport sector ’s fuel use with biofuel by 2020 .
It said it is prepared to set partial targets for biofuel use before 2020 , considering that economical , competitive and environmentally friendly technologies have been developed .
Transport and Energy Minister Flemming Hansen said : “ By doubling the use of renewable energy and with a very ambitious energy savings target , the government wants to secure a robust and environmentally just energy supply .
At the same time we send a clear signal to the E.U. that Denmark is ready to pre-empt the coming discussions about the European Commission ’s proposal for the E.U. ’s future energy policy . ”
He added he looked forward to discussing the proposal with the other political parties .
“ It is my ambition , that we will reach a broad settlement about the energy proposal , ” he said .
However , the opposition party , the Danish Social Democrats , called the proposal unambitious .
“ The government is taking a step in the right direction , but it is far from impressive targets they are setting up , ” said Kim Mortensen , energy spokesman for the Social Democrats .
Renewable energy currently represents 15 % of Denmark ’s total energy consumption , while 42 % comes from oil , 23 % from natural gas , 19 % from coal and 1 % from other nonrenewable energy sources .
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News , San Francisco
Nasa is tracking many asteroids
The document would set out global policies including who should be in charge of plans to deflect any object .
It is the brainchild of the Association of Space Explorers , a professional body for astronauts and cosmonauts .
At the moment , Nasa is monitoring 127 near - Earth objects ( NEO ) that have a possibility of hitting the Earth .
The association has asked a group of scientists , lawyers , diplomats and insurance experts to draw up the recommendations .
The group will have its first meeting in Strasbourg in May this year .
It is hoped the final document will be presented to the UN in 2009 .
" We believe there needs to be a decision process spelled out and adopted by the United Nations , " said Dr Russell Schweickart , one of the Apollo 9 astronauts and founder of the Association of Space Explorers .
Known threat
The threat of an asteroid hitting the Earth is being taken more and more seriously as more and more NEOs are found .
In the US , Congress has charged Nasa with the task of starting a more detailed search for life - threatening space rocks .
" Congress has said that Nasa 's efforts to date are not sufficient to the threat , " said the US space agency 's Dr Steven Chesley .
" They have changed Nasa 's targets so that the cataloguing and tracking of asteroids is part of its mandate . "
Congress has asked the agency to mount a much more aggressive survey .
At the moment , Nasa tracks all objects greater than 700 m ( 2,300 ft ) in diameter .
The agency 's new goal is to track all objects greater than 70 m ( 230 ft ) in diameter .
To do this , the agency needs to use a new suite of telescopes .
Alternatives include building a new Nasa - owned system or investing in other proposed telescopes such as the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope ( LSST ) or the Panoramic Survey Telescope & Rapid Response System ( Pan - Starrs ) .
Pan -Starrs is a wide - field telescope being developed at the University of Hawaii , whilst the LSST is a proposed ground - based instrument being developed by the not - for - profit LSST corporation based in the US .
Nasa estimates that there are about 20,000 potentially threatening asteroids yet to be discovered .
" Out of those thousands , there will be without question many that look like they might hit the Earth with a high enough probability that the public and everyone else will be concerned , " said Dr Schweickart .
" This has gone from being an esoteric statistical argument to talking about real events , " added Dr David Morrison , an astronomer at the Nasa 's Ames Research Center .
Future plans
The UN draft treaty would establish who should be in charge in the event of an asteroid heading towards Earth , who would pay for relief efforts and the policies that should be adopted .
In addition , it would set out possible plans to deflect the object .
Ideas could include hitting the asteroid with a spacecraft or rocket to deflect its orbit .
Other less destructive proposals include a " gravity tug " that would simply hover over the asteroid and use gravity as a " towline " to change its path .
But any decision to deflect an NEO could come with its own set of conundrums for the UN , as changing its path may simply alter its final target .
" It 's important to understand when you start to deflect an asteroid that certain countries are going to have accept an increase in risk to their populations in order to take the risk to zero for everyone , " said Dr Schweickart .
It is difficult decisions like this that can only be addressed by the UN , the Association of Space Explorers believes .
And it is under no illusion that the process can be sorted out quickly .
" You have to act when things look like they are going to happen - if you wait until you know for certain , it 's too late , " said Dr Schweickart .
Experts who will draw up the treaty include Lord Rees , the English Astronomer Royal and head of the Royal Society ; the ex-director of science at the European Space Agency , Roger Bonnet ; and former UK government advisor Sir Crispin Tickell .
The proposals were outlined at the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) annual meeting in San Francisco , US .
Many have come to believe that by living well , eating right and having “ good ” health indices , they will live longer .
A long life is viewed as the reward of exemplary living .
Conversely , of course , those who do n’t meet what is believed to be healthy are accused of risking an early grave .
These mythologies have become popular in our culture , except most are unsupported by decades of the most conscientious evidence .
What is rarely revealed , is that the measures popularly believed to be risk factors are actually not good predictors of our risks for death or disease at all .
The December issue of Archives of Internal Medicine published a study led by researchers at the University of California , San Franciscio examining things believed to contribute to premature death in older women .
They examined lifestyles , chronic diseases , medication usage , body measurements and weight , vital signs ( blood pressure and resting heart rate ) and physical fitness of 17,748 post - menopausal women .
Over nine years of followup , they looked to see who died and who did n’t .
None of the lifestyle and risk factors popularly believed to be important actually proved to make a relevant difference except for one .
The only risk factor that had a tenable correlation with increased risk of dying among post - menopausal women was a 50 - pack year history of cigarette smoking , which was associated with a nearly 4 times higher risk .
And one of the most popularly - believed risks factor for premature death proved to be associated with a 30 % lower mortality among these women — obesity .
Sure , it could be said to be a minor correlation , but if it had supported the dangers of obesity it certainly would have been shouted from the rooftops .
But since it did n’t , you never heard about this study .
Teaching Software Engineering
-- lessons from MIT
Presented at the Tenth International World Wide Web Conference ( Hong Kong ) , May 1 - 5 , 2001 .
Abstract
This is a report on what we 've learned during the first four semesters of teaching a new subject at MIT : Software Engineering of Innovative Internet Applications .
We present new ideas in teaching computer science students to build the kinds of applications demanded by society .
We discuss methods for involving alumni as teaching assistants and coaches .
We argue for the method of helping students achieve fluency by assigning five complete applications for construction in a semester rather than the traditional single problem in a software engineering semester .
Once we 've taught students how to build Internet applications , it is gratifying to observe their enormous potential .
A graduate of MIT in 1980 was , by his or her efforts alone , able to reach only a handful of users .
Before graduating , a member of the MIT Class of 2001 , however , is able to write a program that hundreds of thousands of people will use .
For example , one student team in our course built arfdigita.org , a Web service that provides a way for animal shelters to maintain a current list of adoptable pets and for users to search across all shelters for particular kinds of animals within a specified distance of their home .
Two years later , the arfdigita.org site is still running on behalf of several hundred animal shelters nationwide .
Another team built a photo sharing service launched to the users of photo.net .
Through March 2001 , the software built by the students is holding more than 50,000 photographs on behalf of roughly 4000 users .
What deep principles do they need to learn ?
object - oriented design where each object is a Web service ( distributed computing )
about concurrency and transactions
how to build a stateful user experience on top of stateless protocols
about the relational database management system
Universities have long taught theoretical methods for dealing with concurrency and transactions .
The Internet raises new challenges in these areas .
A dozen users may simultaneously ask for the same airline seat .
Twenty responses to a discussion forum question may come in simultaneously .
The radio or hardwired connection to a user may be interrupted halfway through an attempt to register at a site .
Starting in 1994 there has been a convergence of solutions to these problems , with the fundamental element of the solution being the relational database management system ( RDBMS ) .
At a school like MIT where the RDBMS has not been taught , this gives an opportunity to introduce SQL and data modelling with tables .
At a school with an existing database course , our course can be used to get students excited about using the RDBMS as a black box before they embark on a more formal course where the underpinnings are explained .
Scientists measure their results against nature .
Engineers measure their results against human needs .
Programmers ... do n't measure their results .
As a final overarching deep principle , we need to teach students to constantly measure their results against the end - user experience .
Anyone can build a Web service .
The services that are successful and have impact are those whose data model and page flow permit the users to accomplish their tasks with a minimum of time and confusion .
What skills do they need to learn ?
This sounds worrisome .
Suppose that an MIT student spends summers as a camp counselor and graduates without having learned any practical skills .
Are badly engineered systems going to be inflicted on users ?
In the old world , no .
We did n't have to teach computer science students any skills because they 'd graduate into a job at Hewlett Packard or IBM .
Sitting next to an experienced engineer , our graduate would learn his or her craft over a six - year period and emerge , at age 28 , to lead a project or become the chief technologist at a small company .
With the Web explosion , however , came an explosion in the number of organizations engaging in software development .
Teams are smaller , deadlines are shorter , and there are n't enough qualified project leaders to go around .
In the superheated job markets of 1999 and 2000 we noticed a surprising number of our graduates starting off as CTOs of startup companies or in lead engineering roles on Web projects for larger organizations .
Thus we are hoping to teach some of the more important skills of an experienced engineer , notably rapid application development and dealing with extreme requirements .
We 'd like our students to be able to take vague and ambitious specifications and turn them into a system design that can be built and launched within a few months , with the most important - to - users and easy - to - develop features built first and the difficult bells and whistles deferred to a second version .
We 'd like our students to know how to test prototypes with end -users and refine their application design once or twice within even a three - month project .
Business decision - makers are no longer shy about presenting software engineers with extreme requirements , e.g. , " build a new accounting system for a mid-size company within three months " or " build a publishing system with a customized workflow within one month and , by the way , we 'll change our mind mid-stream about how we want it to work . "
We teach two methods of dealing with extreme requirements .
The first is via automatic code generation .
Perhaps the system requirements can be represented in a machine - readable form .
Then a portion of the software can be generated by a computer program .
If the requirements change mid-stream , we need only run the code generator again .
The second method of dealing with extreme requirements is via use of a toolkit .
For example , in the case of the three - month accounting system project , starting with a toolkit such as SAP or Oracle Applications is probably a much better idea than trying to write all the code from scratch .
But using a toolkit requires students to develop the skill of not reading all the documentation and being judicious about which parts of the toolkit they study and adopt .
Survey courses considered helpful ?
Students in a traditional computer science curriculum will
spend a term learning the syntax of a language
spend a term learning how to implement lists , stacks , hash tables
spend a term learning that sorting is O( n log n )
spend a term learning how to interpret a high - level language
spend a term learning how to build a time - sharing operating system
spend a term learning about the underpinnings of several different kinds of database management systems
spend a term learning about AI algorithms
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs
Survey courses have been similarly successful on the electrical engineering side of our department .
In the good old days , MIT offered 6.01 , a linear networks course .
Students learned RLC networks in detail .
But they forgot why they 'd wanted to major in electrical engineering .
Today the first hardware course is 6.002 , where students get to play with op - amps even though they do n't yet know what a transistor is !
One of the most celebrated courses at MIT is the Aeronautics and Astronautics department 's Unified Engineering .
Here is the first semester 's description from the course catalog :
Presents the principles and methods of engineering , as well as their interrelationships and applications , through lectures , recitations , design problems , and labs .
Disciplines introduced include : statics , materials and structures , dynamics , fluid dynamics , thermodynamics , materials , propulsion , signal and system analysis , and circuits .
Topics : mechanics of solids and fluids ; statics and dynamics for bodies systems and networks ; conservation of mass and momentum ; properties of solids and fluids ; temperature , conservation of energy ; stability and response of static and dynamic systems .
Applications include particle and rigid body dynamics ; stress and deformations in truss members ; airfoils and nozzles in high - speed flow ; passive and active circuits .
Laboratory exposure to empirical methods in engineering ; illustration of principles and practice .
Design of typical aircraft or spacecraft elements .
Unified Engineering
U.S. News
Experiences like these led us to develop 6.916 , Software Engineering of Innovative Internet Applications , a survey course in building computer systems for collaboration .
We 've taught it for four semesters and are currently revamping it .
In this paper we 'll call the original version " 6.916 Classic " and the next revision " Nouveau 6.916 "
Our survey course
problem sets provided the core knowledge
teaching assistants , oftentimes alumni , worked side - by - side with students in a supervised twice weekly lab to help with design issues and questions of taste
projects ran the entire length of term , starting with application design and ending with intense software development
by the end of the semester , each student had built four or five database - backed Internet applications
We spent three hours per week in a traditional classroom .
We used this time to teach background principles , explain the inner-workings of substrate systems , and encourage thinking about usability .
We spend portions of some early classroom sessions on public reviews of student - authored code .
But the most important use of the lecture podium was by the students themselves .
We devoted approximately one quarter of the classroom time to student groups presenting their projects .
Each project was presented first as an application design and development plan , second as a skeletal prototype , and finally as a completed application .
The average quality of the presentations got much higher toward the end of the semester .
Much more important than the classroom time was the work that students did on problem sets .
Software engineering is a craft and can only be learned by practice .
Ideally any craft is learned via apprenticeship to a master .
Consequently , we invited alumni who were working as professional software engineers to return to campus on Tuesdays and Thursday evenings to coach students during the 6 hours of supervised laboratory time per week .
There are perhaps 10 alumni out there for every current MIT undergraduate .
Very few universities would find it practical to pay teaching assistants to sit next to students during the design and implementation of custom software .
Students report that one of their favorite aspects of 6.916 has been that they get feedback on their work before they submit it for grading , when there is still time to improve their designs .
During the four times that we taught the course at MIT we elected to start the project phase of the class earlier every semester .
It seems that the best practice is to automatically drop any student from the course who does not complete the first problem set on time .
Thus , approximately two weeks into the semester we were able to assign students to teams with a reasonable expectation that all team members would be present at the end of the term .
Project work ran concurrently with problem sets during the middle portion of the course .
At the end of the semester , a student in 6.916 could look back upon four or five completed Internet services .
The first ones that he or she built had been done for the problem sets .
They wo n't have been complex .
They may not have been built to a very high standard of polish .
But their existence enabled nearly all students to become fluent in the arts of designing a data model , specifying a page flow , and implementing the designed system in SQL and a procedural language .
Our experience contrasts with typical software engineering courses in which a student builds only one application ( or a piece of one application ) during the entire semester .
Research on simple word association tasks has demonstrated that people who learned to perform quickly but not accurately would have remarkably good recall even months later and , with a bit of practice , could always be made to perform accurately .
Whereas people who were slow but accurate forgot all of their skills within a month or two .
An alternative data set may be collected in your local Starbucks .
Ask the people behind the counter how many times they made a Cappuccino before they got it right reliably .
Usually the answer is at least 10 .
So how can we expect our graduating students to be fluent at the job of building software systems unless they 've built at least 10 ?
Let 's look at some of the elements of 6.916 Classic in more detail .
Problem Sets
At MIT all of the students are in one room during their work on the first problem set .
Each student has a computer running an ssh client , an X server , and a Web browser .
As it happens all of the desktop computers are MIT Athena workstations ( built on low - end commercial Unix machines , such as the Sun Ultra 10 ) .
They use this workstation to connect to one of four servers in a machine room .
Each server is a pizza - box Sun server running Solaris , the Oracle RDBMS , one Web server process per student , and one GNU Emacs text editor process per student .
Typically we can comfortably support 1 student for every 128 MB of RAM on the server .
The course materials have been translated by teachers at other universities to work in Microsoft SQL Server .
Most of the important thinking in the course is done during data modelling , page flow design , and SQL transaction design .
Development of abstractions may be done in procedural languages that run inside the RDBMS , e.g. , the Oracle system can execute PL / SQL and Java code .
However , there is also a mechanical step of building code for presentation , i.e. , wrapping the results of an SQL query in an HTML template .
The course materials were available for students to develop presentation layer code in Java Server Pages ( JSP ) and also for students to develop presentation layer code in the Tcl scripting language .
Portions of the course materials were also translated to work with the Microsoft .NET system , which favors a presentation layer using Visual Basic .
Of the three options , students report that they are able to develop pages fastest in Tcl and this is what we 've used primarily at MIT ( though as noted below in 6.916 Version 2.0 we 're not going to mandate any particular set of tools ) .
See http://philip.greenspun.com/teaching/psets/ps1/ps1 for the full problem set ( Oracle / AOLserver version ) .
In the second problem set ( " reservation system " ) , students built a collaborative conference room scheduling system .
This raises the problem of concurrency in a natural manner .
Every student can understand that you do n't want to book two people into a room at overlapping times .
The problem set is designed so that nearly every student can get the basic scheduler working quickly .
That 's V1.0 .
Exercise 5 in the pset asks the students to build version 2.0 , in which powerful " uber users " can bump regular users out of their reserved slots and in which for some rooms the reservations must be approved by a room administrator , who is notified by the server sending email upon someone requesting a room .
In the final exercise of the problem set , we ask the students to mark certain rooms as requiring fees .
Users who wish to book those rooms must supply a credit card number .
At MIT we hook up the servers to a live merchant account at CyberCash .
Thus our better students will be able to open their credit card statements in the middle of the semester and discover a few dollars in charges made by their own Web server .
For students who can't get this far during the 10 days that we allot for the problem set , they are still left with a working V1.0 or V2.0 reservation system .
Thus do the students learn the virtues and satisfactions of incremental development and rapid prototyping .
See http://philip.greenspun.com/teaching/psets/ps2/ps2 for the complete problem set .
During the second problem set we introduced them to the idea of using a toolkit when developing Internet services .
Instead of building their own registration , user management , and user group system for the conference room schedule , the students install the free open - source ArsDigita Community System .
This toolkit was originally developed at the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and thus the authors had some personal affection for it .
As noted below , however , we 've concluded that using a toolkit was a mistake and have designed Nouveau 6.916 differently .
After the first two problem sets , instructors are free to mix and match problem sets .
We have a " family tree " problem set that teaches students to build a collaborative authoring environment for structured multi-media data .
They learn the unfortunate intricacies of storing and indexing large objects ( photographs and stories ) in the Oracle database while building an application that all of their relatives can use to upload facts about their family tree .
If you pay Federal Express $ 6 to deliver a letter , you get visibility .
Using a Web browser , you can find out where in the system your package is .
If you pay MIT $ 120,000 to educate your child , why should n't you be able to see what is happening in the classroom ?
Well , in 6.916 Classic the students ' parents could !
Students said that the " metadata " problem set was very valuable for speeding work on their projects .
Students were asked to build a knowledge management system by writing a computer program to write all of the computer programs .
I.e. , we gave them a machine - readable language for representing the system capabilities and user experience and asked them to write a program to generate the SQL data model and then the scripts to support the user experience .
See http://philip.greenspun.com/teaching/psets/ps4/ps4 for details .
The " SOAP / SDL " problem set teaches students about using emerging Web standards for services that invoke procedures on other services .
Students write programs that read Service Description Language ( SDL ) contracts and generate SOAP requests .
Students learn to describe their own services in SDL .
During the Fall 2000 semester Microsoft Research provided a SDL / SOAP - compliant version of the Terraserver satellite imagery service and our students were able to build systems that seamlessly integrated Terraserver data .
See http://philip.greenspun.com/teaching/psets/services/tcl/.
Content management is a serious problem at most large Web sites .
Fundamentally the problem is one of computer support for a collaborative workflow .
We specify a workflow and approval process and ask the students to implement a system that supports them .
This is a difficult problem set and should be assigned last .
See http://philip.greenspun.com/teaching/psets/ps3/ps3.
Projects
For making sure that projects stay on track , one valuable technique was to have each student group , with its TA , present privately to the lecturers once per week during the evening lab hours .
The best projects were ones with clients who had the wherewithal to extend and maintain the service after the course is over , possibly by hiring the students who built it .
For example , we 've had students build a volunteer matching and event coordination system for a group within MIT .
The group was already up and running doing a dozen or more events every year and managing thousands of volunteer - days .
So they had a real interest in a better computer support for their work and the ability to launch the system within the MIT community .
At the end of the semester we drill into the students ' heads the cold hard facts of the world : nobody owes them attention .
We have each student group prepare an overview page that is a single HTML document , with a few screen shots , that demonstrates the major functions of the Internet service that they 've built .
Visit http://philip.greenspun.com/seia/gallery/ to see these pages .
Exams
The 6.916 Classic mid-term is a one - week take - home exam .
A student who is really up - to - date with all of the reading might be able to complete it in one or two hours .
We test a student 's ability to go from vague business requirements to a reasonably specific set of Web service requirements and explain why the resulting service is an effective use of the Internet .
The final exam was given ex-camera .
We say
You can take it where you want to and use any resources you like , except that you must do the exam by yourself .
In order to do the exam , you will need access to a Web browser .
We suggest that you find a place to take the exam where you have quiet , private use of a web browser , a text editor , and email .
Running a final exam with public Internet services yields surprising results .
For example , in one question we asked the students to visit carnival.com and try to figure out if they offered gay - friendly cruises ( they do ) .
But the carnival.com site went down for many hours during the afternoon that we gave the exam .
A follow - up question asked the class to
Visit http://boards.gay.com and see if you can find any information on gay - friendly Caribbean cruises ( hint : start in the " travel " category ) .
Adoption by other universities
We wrote three textbooks for the course , plus lecture notes , handouts , and problem sets .
Our preferred word processor is the Emacs text editor and we like writing directly in HTML .
Thus the natural place to author course content was on a Web server and we simply left the materials in place for student access .
The two authors having been steeped in the open - source software tradition for a combined total of five decades , it seemed natural to include explicit statements permitting reuse .
The result ?
Students at about 15 universities worldwide have substantially taken 6.916 , with students at another few hundred schools having been pointed to our textbooks .
A lot of the students who 've taken an exported 6.916 are studying at a " usual suspects " school , e.g. , Caltech , University of California Berkeley , UCLA , University of Massachusetts , University of Michigan , University of Pennsylvania .
But we 've had surprise interest and success at schools in unlikely spots such as Australia , Guatemala , Israel , and Spain .
Use in Industry
More than 5,000 industrial programmers have trained themselves using the problem sets , either in boot camps on - site at companies such as Hewlett - Packard , at home with their personal computer , or at free boot camps run by ArsDigita Corporation .
Lessons from MIT labs and ArsDigita University
Another data point comes from ArsDigita University .
This is a one - year post - baccalaureate program in computer science .
Instead of dispersing after class , the 36 students do all of their work together in one room full of desks .
Instructors who 've taught the same material at MIT and ArsDigita University report that the ADU students perform better on examinations and seem to have learned more , despite having generally come from a non-technical background .
We attribute the success of ADU in large part to the fact that the students are constantly available to each other and also that teaching assistants are available most of the time in the same room .
In 6.916 we think that the shared supervised laboratory is the most valuable part of the course at the beginning of the semester .
Students might otherwise have gotten stuck because they did n't know where to find the error log or some other such simple mechanical fact .
Warts in 6.916 Classic
The project aspect of 6.916 Classic has been both its greatest glory and its greatest failing .
Learning on projects was not very uniform .
Some students ended up with projects that exposed them to a big range of challenges but others skated by doing something trivial .
Because each project had different goals that were client - dependent , the students were n't able to have very meaningful exchanges concerning their projects amongst themselves .
Suppose student group A was presenting something with a clumsy interaction design .
The other students could n't be absolutely sure that it could be done in a more user - friendly fashion because they 'd not had to build anything similar .
Furthermore , the students attending the presentation did not have full information about what the client might have specified or requested .
Finally , professors at other universities complained that , while they were attracted to the 6.916 course materials , they could n't see how the project aspect was manageable in their 300 - person classes .
We symphathized because even with 30 students it was a bit of a challenge every semester to make sure that every student team had a reasonable client and every client had a reasonable student team .
Though as noted above the authors had some personal affection for ArsDigita Community System ( ACS ) , it turns out that its use in 6.916 Classic has been problematic .
On the plus side , the use of ACS on projects often meant that students were able to build sophisticated systems very quickly .
ACS 3.4 , for example , provides out - of - the - box capabilities that are a superset of what you see at the 100,000 - user online community photo.net .
However , the downside was many students did n't reflect carefully on what the user experience ought to be for , say , discussion forums , or user registration .
They just accepted the ACS - imposed data model and page flow uncritically .
This was a serious problem because the ability to think critically about data model and page flow are the most important skills for an Internet service developer .
We 've never been happy with the amount of distributed computing that we 've been able to include in 6.916 Classic .
We touch on this subject in the first problem set ( " basics " ) and return to it in the SOAP / WSDL problem set but the core of the course was building standalone database - backed Internet services .
This might not be such a bad thing .
Students need to crawl before they can walk and run .
However , many of the most interesting and challenging problems of the coming decades will center around the Internet and Web as a distributed computing environment .
An " island " site such as amazon.com or photo .
net is probably less representative of the future than http://philip.greenspun.com/WealthClock ( Bill Gates Personal Wealth Clock ) .
On a purely practical level , we have to consider that five years from now people will laugh if a student shows someone an application that can only be used from a Web browser .
An engineer should know how to build an application that is useful from the Web , from a mobile phone ( WAP ) , and to a human who wishes only to speak and listen .
Many of our students have already built projects with WAP interfaces and the adaptation to WAP usually only takes an evening or two .
We 've as yet only done one student project with a voice interface .
All the students need to become , uh , conversant with VoiceXML and more advanced speech processing systems ( see http://philip.greenspun.com/seia/voice/).
Finally , we 've not been 100 percent happy with our information systems for course management .
In partnership with the MIT Sloan School , we 've been improving our systems that keep track of ( 1 ) who is teaching which courses , ( 2 ) who is taking which courses , ( 3 ) what are the assignments for a course and when are they due , ( 4 ) what grades and comments has a student received , etc .
One nice feature of the systems that we 've launched so far is that students can go to a single Web page and see a unified calendar of all their obligations .
But much more important is that these kinds of systems theoretically enable alumni tutors to see what is going on in an MIT course and offer useful assistance to current students .
One of the most important aspects of 6.916 Classic is that we 've been able to bring alumni back to campus to share their industrial software engineering expertise .
But the process of tutoring has n't been very structured .
So we 've not been able to incorporate TAs that are n't local to the students and able to meet face - to - face .
Nouveau 6.916
First , let 's discuss the projects .
We want all the students to be working on projects that are vaguely similar .
We 've settled on the challenge of online learning communities .
An online learning community is any system where users are attracted by a body of magnet tutorial content , can post their comments on that content , and can ask and answer questions of each other .
Examples of these communities are public sites such as photo.net and corporate knowledge sharing systems .
The most successful ecommerce sites , e.g. , Amazon , have strong similarities to the best online learning communities , with users able to collaborate via reader reviews , lists of favored items , uploaded portraits and self - descriptions , and rankings of users according to magnitude of contribution to the community .
For Nouveau 6.916 the attractions of settling on online learning communities are ( 1 ) the problem area is infinitely rich and challenging due to the idiosyncracies of human beings and the learning process , ( 2 ) it is easy to find small non-profit organizations that want to operate public online learning communities , ( 3 ) it is easy to find medium - sized enterprises that want to operate knowledge sharing systems , and ( 4 ) in a class of 300 or 400 at a public university where it is n't practical to find 100 + clients the student teams can build sites related to personal interests and passions .
Second , Nouveau 6.916 does not mandate the use of a toolkit .
We still think that students should learn how to engineer using a toolkit .
And a portion of the lecture time and student presentations will be devoted to how widely used toolkits solve some of the same problems that students are attacking .
But if a student wants to build something idiosyncratic using a toolkit that should be done in a second semester special projects course .
Or as a senior thesis project .
Because we 're no longer using a toolkit the student projects will proceed more slowly .
Each problem set will treat the construction of a module of their project in a deliberate and careful fashion ( see syllabus below ) .
Third , because all of the projects have a predictable shape we 'll be able to introduce distributed computing challenges merely by having students offer services to each other .
Fourth , introduction into the problem sets / projects of WAP and speech interfaces will be straightforward .
Students without mobile phones can use WAP emulators to debug systems that they 've developed .
Free services such as tellme.com will allow students to debug voice applications written in VoiceXML .
It would be nice to provide students with practical exposure to superior conversational speech interfaces but these are research systems ( see JUPITER at http://groups.csail.mit.edu/sls/applications/jupiter.shtml) and right now are probably impractical for use in a tight survey course .
Finally , we will no longer mandate that all students in a given class use the same tools .
If two students have used PostgreSQL , Apache , and mod_perl during their summer job and want to do their coursework using the same infrastructure , fine .
If a student wants to use Windows , SQL Server , Microsoft .NET , and C# , fine .
If a student wants to use Linux , Oracle , and AOLserver / Tcl , fine .
If a student wants to use Solaris , Oracle , and Tomcat / Java , fine .
Students who want to use course - provided infrastructure rather than their own machines will have a more limited choice ( at MIT we 'll probably offer them Unix / Oracle / AOLserver and Microsoft .NET ) .
And there is no guarantee that the teaching assistants will be able to understand student - authored Perl .
But except for the stipulation that the source of persistence must be an ACID - compliant RDBMS , we will impose no technology restrictions on students .
The new syllabus
Basics : more or less the old pset 1 but remove references to specific technologies and put those into a supplement .
On MIT calendar : 1.5 weeks .
Global Competitive Analysis : write down some usage scenarios and work through them on some other sites on the Internet that have similar objectives .
On MIT calendar : 0.5 weeks .
User registration and management .
Support grouping of users .
Include the issue of whether or not to implement a party system .
On MIT calendar : 1 week .
Content management .
Need to capture authorship , approval , moderation , reference ( " X is a comment on Y " or " A is a reponse to B " ) .
On MIT calendar : 2 weeks .
Software Modularity .
Need a way to group all the code for a module , record the docs , publish APIs to other parts of the system , read configuration parameters .
On MIT calendar : 1 week .
Discussion .
The most basic
Web service , built on top of the content management system .
Support categorization , moderation , breakout and reassemble .
Include a user test .
On MIT calendar : 2 weeks .
WAP and voice interfaces .
Build a WAP interface that lets someone on a mobile phone participate in the community .
Build a voice interface that lets someone on a regular phone participate in the community .
In 2001 this will most likely use VoiceXML and the tellme.com infrastructure , though it would be nice to use a more sophisticated conversational system such as LCS JUPITER .
On MIT calendar : 1 week .
Distributed Computing .
The world of Web services .
Introduces protocols such as SOAP , WSDL , and UDDI .
On MIT calendar : 1 week .
Scaling gracefully .
Geospatialization .
An " interesting person " system .
On MIT calendar : 1 week .
Full - text search .
On MIT calendar : 1 week .
Personalization .
Users picking subject areas of interest , categorization of content .
Then getting more advanced with full - text comparison tools to measure similarity and dissimilarity to items previously marked by a user as good or bad .
On MIT calendar : 1 week .
Goodbye to all that ( manual coding ) .
Autogeneration of data model and user experience scripts .
Either building a structured knowledge management system within the subject area of the site ( a la problem set 4 ) or finding some similar challenge that is idiosyncratic to the service being developed .
On MIT calendar : 1 week ( make it a bit easier than the old pset 4 ) .
Writeup .
A final overview paper with screen shots illustrating the most important aspects of the Web service built .
Designed to be no more than 5 pages ; one continuous Web document that can be entirely consumed by scrolling .
Exams : easy mid-term and harder final .
Concentrate on ability to think critically about the user experience plus some RDBMS fundamentals .
Early results with the new course
Students at ADU chose the following infrastructures , in declining order of popularity :
Microsoft .NET ( beta 1 ) , usually with Microsoft SQL Server underneath
AOLserver Tcl pages querying from Oracle 8.1.7 on Linux
Apache plus Java Server Pages , Python , or Ruby ( an object - oriented scripting language ) querying from PostgreSQL on Linux
Conclusions
challenging students to build four or five applications over a 13 - week semester ( note that these applications can be submodules in a single online learning community )
drawing on the alumni to bring professional software engineers onto the campus to coach students
a terminal room where students can work together on a scheduled basis
projects with real clients
an emphasis on oral and written presentation of results
Finally , it has been fun to watch our students graduate and go onto the job market .
During job interviews they are able to point their interviewer to the URL of the running Web service that they developed during 6.916 .
Oftentimes , the student - built service is more sophisticated and is running on a more reliable infrastructure than most of the Internet applications launched on the public Internet by the interviewer 's company !
Acknowledgments
We did not teach those four semesters alone .
The students ' most valuable partners were the teaching assistants , most of whom were MIT alumni volunteering their time : David Abercrombie , Tracy Adams , Ben Adida , Eve Andersson , Mike Bonnet , Christian Brechbühler , James Buszard - Welcher , Bryan Che , Jack Chung , Randy Graebner , Bruce Keilin , Jesse Koontz , Chris McEniry , Henry Minsky , Neil Mayle , Dan Parker , Richard Perng , Jon Salz , Lydia Sandon , Mike Shurpik , Steve Strassman , and Jessica Wong .
Michael Dertouzos , and Andrew Grumet were our partners on the lecture podium .
Michael gave us an early push into voice applications .
Andrew provided leadership in the mobile browser ( WAP ) arena .
We 've gotten valuable feedback from instructors at other universities using these materials , notably Aurelius Prochazka at Caltech .
philg@mit.edu
Reader 's Comments
If the Nouveau 6.916 is taught standalone as AD University did , " completion of a standard software engineering course as a prequisite " will keep out a number of people who would otherwise benefit .
In that case , it would be helpful to provide a preliminary some - weeks ' bootcamp ' style software engineering course before the one - year ordeal began .
Such a course would also serve to weed out those from other fields with weaker tree building anhd debugging skills .
-- David R. Levitt , August 27 , 2001
I worry about the RDBMS side here ; it looks to me a bit as if it 's being treated as a dumb data store , and is ignoring the integrity and logical aids that the relational model gives you .
In particular , comments such as " No students discovered the table inheritance features of PostgreSQL , for example , and some built data models that could have used these features to great advantage , " are very disturbing ; that particular feature is not only a failed experiment in a non-relational data management style that 's simply never been removed from the source , but is actively broken , allowing things such as duplicate keys .
In doing " enterprise " applications , many of them with large web - based components , I 've found the hardest part is producing a logical model of the business or service , yet that model is one of the most valueable things for both technical and business development .
It 's the relational model of data management that 's given me the ability to work out and specify these models .
Building a relational model compares to developing in a non-relational way on an SQL DBMS in the same way that working in LISP compares to working in PHP3 .
All code in PHP3 is going to be bad anyway , due to the lack of power in the language , but the LISP programmers will at least do all that the language is capable of , whereas the PHP3 hackers will just produce a sad , illogical mess .
-- Curt Sampson , September 27 , 2005
Related Links
Aug. 9 , 2006  --
When bats go out to hunt , they send out sonar signals at such high frequencies and in such rapid bursts that they can hear the signals bounce off mosquitoes in midair .
They then zero in on the insects like laser - guided missiles .
Dolphins use the same technique to find their dinners .
It 's called echolocation , a technique that uses sound to identify objects by the echoes they produce .
Fourteen - year - old Ben Underwood of Sacramento , Calif. , is one of the few people known to use echolocation as a primary means of navigating the world on land .
There 's not even a hint of light reaching his brain .
His eyes are artificial , but his brain has adapted to allow him to appraise his environment .
He makes a " clicking " sound to communicate with objects and people around him .
Scientists have discovered that in the brains of the blind , the visual cortex has not become useless , as they once believed .
When blind people use another sense -- touch or hearing , for example -- to substitute for sight , the brain 's visual cortex becomes active , even though no images reach it from the optic nerve .
Echolocation creates its own images .
" I can hear that wall behind you over there .
I can hear right there -- the radio , and the fan , " Ben says .
Ben says every object in his life talks to him in ways that no one else can hear or understand .
Forty - year - old Daniel Kish of Long Beach , Calif. , also uses echolocation , and has become an expert on it , founding the World Access for the Blind , an organization that teaches others how to echolocate .
Kish leads other blind people on mountain biking tours and hikes in the wilderness , visualizing and describing the picturesque sights around him through echolocating .
Clicking to Do Anything
If you listen closely to Ben or Kish , you can hear how they find their way .
Ben says he can distinguish where the curbs are as he cruises his neighborhood streets .
He can find the pole and the backboard on a basketball goal , and tell which is which by the distinctive echo each makes .
Even though he can't see the goal he 's aiming for , he can sink a basket .
Ben does n't remember how or when he began clicking , but he 's developed his abilities to such an extent that aside from echolocation , he can rapidly discriminate the sounds in video games .
Ben lost his sight when he was 2 .
He was diagnosed with cancer in both eyes , and when chemotherapy failed , his mother , Aquanetta Gordon , was left with one option :
For her son to live , both his eyes had to be surgically removed .
Gordon remembers her son after the operation .
" He woke up and he said , ' Mom , I ca n't see anymore , I ca n't see anymore . '
And I took his hands and I put them on my face and I said , ' Baby , yes , you can see . '
I said , ' You can see with your hands . '
And then I put my hand on his nose and I said , ' You smell me ?
You can see with your nose and your ears .
...
You ca n't use your eyes anymore , but you have your hands and your nose and your ears . "
In a house already filled with three other children , Ben 's mother decided not to treat his blindness as a handicap .
In school , Ben recognizes his classmates by their voices .
With the help of Braille books and a talking laptop computer , Ben attends the same classes as sighted students .
Rich Mental Images , Without Visual Elements
Like Ben , Kish also lost his eyesight to cancer at age 2 .
He was raised to believe he could do pretty much anything , and he discovered clicking by accident as a child .
" I have mental images that are very rich , very complex .
They simply do not possess the visual element , " Kish says .
In retrieving those pictures , Kish varies the pace and volume of his clicks as he walks along ; and what he can tell you about an object 's qualities is sometimes astonishingly thorough .
If bats can distinguish prey as small as mosquitoes with echolocation , and some dolphins can detect small targets a hundred yards away , what are the ultimate capabilities of human beings like Ben and Kish ?
Peter Scheifele , who studies hearing and sound production in animals and people at the University of Connecticut , analyzed samples of the clicks that Ben and Kish make .
" Ben clicks , looks to me like once every half second , whereas a dolphin is actually making 900 clicks per second .
And the bat is even faster than that , " Scheifele says .
The bottom line : Human beings send out sounds at much slower rates and lower frequencies , so the objects people can picture with echolocation must be much larger than the ones bats and dolphins can find .
DIGG THIS
" First they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . "
~ Mohandas Gandhi
As I was listening to neocon Glenn Beck 's radio show on Wednesday , I tried to figure out how he made the jump from step 2 to step 3 so quickly .
Following the first Republican Presidential Debate , Beck was contented with dismissing Dr. Ron Paul as " crazy " and wondering " How did this guy get on stage ? "
He did n't seem too threatened — not enough at least to fear that anyone important would notice his blatant and no doubt intentional misrepresentation of Paul 's response to a question posed by a reader of Politico.com .
" As president you need to make critical decisions , " the reader wrote , " What critical decisions have you made in your career that have affected many people ? "
Beck carefully selected a portion of Paul 's response :
I guess , in medicine , I made a lot of critical decisions .
I mean , you ’re called upon all the time to make critical , life - saving decisions .
But I ca n’t think of any one particular event where I made a critical decision that affected a lot of other people .
Doing his best to make Paul out to be a bumbling fool , Beck responded :
That`s got to be one of the worst answers I ’ve ever heard to the question , “ Have you ever made a critical decision ?
Tell us how you made a critical decision where it affected a lot of people . ”
The guy ’s been in Congress now for how many years .
Every decision he makes affects 300 million people , and that was his answer ?
No , Mr. Beck that was only a part of his answer that you selected .
In the first part of the answer ( MSNBC transcript ) , Paul stated :
I wonder if he ’s referring to a political decision like running for office , or something like that .
( Laughter ) I guess , in medicine , I made a lot of critical decisions .
I mean , you ’re called upon all the time to make critical , life - saving decisions .
But I ca n’t think of any one particular event where I made a critical decision that affected a lot of other people .
With the added context , we can see that Paul was trying to figure out how to answer this extremely vague and overly broad question posed by an amateur by dividing his response into decisions he made in private life and later , those made in public life .
Now that we know he only dealt with one patient at a time in his medical practice ( the horror , Mr. Beck , the horror ) , we can now turn to what Paul said about his political career .
But I think all our decisions we make in politics are critical .
My major decision , political decision , which was a constitutional decision , was to urge for ( inaudible ) years that this country not go to war in Iraq .
There you go , Mr. Beck .
He said exactly what you said he should have a full three seconds after you blasted him for not saying it .
That has got to one of the worst attempts to smear someone I 've ever seen .
But the day after the Paul - Giuliani exchange during the second Republican debate , things turned more serious .
Beck was no longer engaged in mere dismissal and misrepresentation .
He launched into a shrill diatribe against Paul , a tirade worthy of the most hate - filled leftists .
Calling Paul a " dope , " he declared , " If Republicans start thinking like this , WE'RE DEAD . "
For Beck , leaders in the Middle East use the Western World , and the United States in particular , as a scapegoat to distract their populations from the misery they are facing domestically .
While this may be superficially true , can any rational thinker honestly deny that the United States government 's interventionist foreign policy has been instrumental in the popularity and growth of organizations like al - Qaeda — exactly what the CIA , the 9/11 Commission , and Osama bin Laden himself tell us ?
No .
And the public is realizing this because it's not too hard to consider the perspective of our enemy .
As Dr. Paul himself argued , " It would be like if the Chinese had their navy in the Gulf of Mexico and bases in New Hampshire and in Texas and they think we would n't pull out our guns and do some shooting ? "
Sean Hannity , not surprisingly , was even more obtuse in the aftermath of the debate the night before .
He demanded to know what America did to cause 9/11 .
Paul responded ,
Americans did n’t do anything to cause it , but policies over many years caused and elicited hatred toward us [ so much so that ] somebody was willing to commit suicide [ to fight us ] .
For instance , the occupation with our military troops on their holy land in Saudi Arabia ; bombing a Muslim country for 10 years ; putting on sanctions that killed hundreds of thousands of people — that caused the anger .
Not having any intelligent response on hand , Hannity shifted focus and demanded to know ,
Are you saying then that the world has no moral obligation , like in the first Gulf War , when an innocent country ’s being pillaged , and people are being raped and murdered and slaughtered , or in the case of Saddam , he ’s gassing his own people , are you suggesting we have no moral obligation there ?
Do you stand by and let that immorality happen ?
He then compared a non-interventionist foreign policy to standing by and doing nothing while a woman was being raped .
I wonder then Sean , why it was okay in 1998 when you opposed Clinton 's purely " humanitarian " intervention in Kosovo ?
The fact is that it is not humanitarian when the intervention costs tens of thousands , if not hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths .
( See here for info on the debate over the numbers of dead in Iraq . )
Plus , this is n't even counting the indirect effects ( see the writings of Christopher Preble for an overview ) .
Besides inciting hatred that can lead to further conflict and terrorism , the United State 's hegemonic role as " world policeman " leads to the diminishment of local centers of security .
Foreigners start to think , if the U.S. is going to invade our enemies , why should we even bother with our own defense ?
For whatever reason — perhaps out of fear or power lust — neocons have abandoned conservative skepticism of government in favor of a blind ideology of American exceptionalism .
Beck , Hannity , and Giuliani have jumped on Dr. Paul relentlessly because they are beginning to realize that many conservative voters are dissatisfied with the spendthrift , Wilsonian mainstream of the Republican Party .
As the base shrinks and moderates start voting Democratic , they know and fear that true conservatives who believe in the ideals of the Old Right might wake up from their post - 9/11 slumber and leave the neocons as well .
In their attempt to hold their floundering movement together , they have resorted to shouting down and ostracizing the " crazed dope " Ron Paul , hoping to push him " way out " of the presidential race .
Dr. Paul and his supporters must be doing something right to raise such fear and ire from the neocons ; let us keep it up .
May 19 , 2007
The Best of Eric Phillips
New research from Columbia University Medical Center may explain why people who are able to easily and accurately recall historical dates or long - ago events , may have a harder time with word recall or remembering the day ’s current events .
They may have too much memory – making it harder to filter out information and increasing the time it takes for new short - term memories to be processed and stored .
Published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( March 13 , 2007 issue ) , the research reinforces the old adage that too much of anything – even something good for you – can actually be detrimental .
In this case , the good thing is the growth of new neurons , a process called neurogenesis , in the hippocampus , the region of the brain responsible for learning and memory .
Results of the study , conducted with mice , found that the absence of neurogenesis in the hippocampus improves working memory , a specific form of short - term memory that relates to the ability to store task - specific information for a limited timeframe , e.g. , where your car is parked in a huge mall lot or remembering a phone number for few seconds before writing it down .
Because working memory is highly sensitive to interference from information previously stored in memory , forgetting such information may therefore be necessary for performing everyday working memory tasks , such as balancing your check book or decision making .
" We were surprised to find that halting neurogenesis caused an improvement of working memory , which suggests that too much memory is not always a good thing , and that forgetting is important for normal cognition and behavior , " said Gaël Malleret , Ph.D. , a research scientist at the Center for Neurobiology and Behavior at Columbia University Medical Center and the paper ’s co-first author .
" Altogether , our findings suggest that new neurons in the hippocampus have different , and in some cases , opposite roles in distinct types of memory storage , and that excess neurogenesis can be detrimental to some memory processes . "
" We believe these findings have important implications for diverse disciplines ranging from medicine to artificial intelligence , " said Dr. Malleret .
" In medicine , these findings have significant implications for possible therapeutic interventions to improve memory – a careful balance of neurogenesis would need to be struck to improve memory without overwhelming it with too much activity . "
Many scientists had believed that neurogenesis in the hippocampus , and specifically , the dentate gyrus region , was wholly beneficial to memory .
Previous research by Dr. Malleret with co-first author Michael D. Saxe , Ph.D. , who was at Columbia when the research took place and is now at the Salk Institute in San Diego , Calif. , found that reducing neurogenesis causes long - term memory deficits .
Based on this research , Drs. Malleret and Saxe hypothesized that the growth of too many new neurons could actually be more harmful than helpful to working memory .
To examine this hypothesis , they designed working memory tests for two independent groups of mice in which neurogenesis in the hippocampus regions was suppressed .
Results of the tests , in which mice had to locate food within specific areas of a maze , showed that mice in which neurogenesis had been halted made more correct choices and found the food faster .
" In our world , we are constantly bombarded by new information so we are constantly filtering –and if we did not do this , we would be overwhelmed , " said Dr. Malleret .
" Our research indicates that those with better working memory may have fewer new neurons being developed in their hippocampus , which helps them forget old and useless information sooner and enable them to take in new information faster . "
Source : Columbia University Medical Center
Explore further
The controversy of adult hippocampal neurogenesis in humans : suggesting a resolution and way forward
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook WASHINGTON 
States may not regulate mortgage - lending subsidiaries of national banks , the Supreme Court ruled Tuesday in a decision that undercuts state efforts to curb predatory practices but ensures that lenders wo n't be subject to a mix of state and federal rules .
By a 5 - 3 vote in a Michigan case , the justices said subsidiaries of federally chartered banks can be regulated only by the U.S. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and are shielded from states ' licensing rules .
States and consumer advocates had argued that federal law alone was not sufficient to protect borrowers from abusive lenders .
And on Tuesday , some , including the National Community Reinvestment Coalition , said the court 's decision was a blow to consumers .
The decision , which rejected arguments by all 50 states , affirms numerous lower - court rulings .
Dissenting justices noted that " consumer protection is quintessentially " a state field and said they found it " especially troubling that the court so blithely pre-empts Michigan laws designed to protect consumers . "
The case arose amid concerns about predatory mortgages and escalating delinquencies in " subprime " loans to borrowers with impaired credit .
Michigan Attorney General Mike
Cox said the ruling will make it harder for the states , which are in a position to monitor local mortgage foreclosures , to supervise lenders and weed out potential problems .
Edward Yingling of the American Bankers Association countered that " avoiding a patchwork of duplicative and conflicting federal and state regulations makes it easier for national banks to grant credit to customers across state lines . "
From 1997 to 2003 , Wachovia Mortgage followed Michigan law requiring lenders to open their books to state examiners .
In 2003 , when it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Wachovia Bank ( WB ) , it said it no longer needed to meet state rules .
National banks are regulated by federal law and are exempt from state rules .
State officials said that without registering , Wachovia Mortgage could no longer lend in Michigan .
But the Supreme Court made clear that subsidiaries of federally chartered banks are protected from state regulation .
Robert Long , a Washington lawyer who argued the case for Wachovia Bank , said it 's now clear that " when the bank chooses to make mortgage loans through an operating subsidiary , it 's subject to the same regime . "
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
In Getting Data | The REST Dialogues , Duncan Cragg conducts an interview with an imaginary eBay architect .
While I do n't play one on TV , I am a real eBay architect and would love to participate in this dialogue .
As the first two parts are complete , I felt I should post my follow ups here and hopefully invite Mr. Cragg to conduct the remaining 7 parts with me .
I must make the standard disclaimers though .
I am not speaking for eBay .
None of my comments reflect on current or future products .
This is purely a technical discourse on the merits of REST vs SOAP styles of interaction , whether eBay ever chooses to offer such an interaction or not .
Duncan Cragg :
So - let 's get straight to my argument : I claim that your SOAP APIs , as instances of the SOA style , wo n't scale or interoperate as well as they would if they were implemented in the REST style .
Which , in the form of the Web , has largely proven scalability and interoperability .
Dan Pritchett :
The scaling argument is an interesting position .
Most of the data that would be returned by eBay interfaces will involve structure that is best captured in XML .
From a scaling perspective , XML is XML .
Parsing is definitely more expensive than generation and there is little argument that REST can reduce the parse load placed on our resources but this is only a portion of the overall processing load .
Interoperability would depend largely on the relatively similarity between the eBay entities and other Web 2.0 entities .
To the extent there is overlap , I would concur that a standardized format improves interoperability .
I would also assert that the most interesting entities at eBay are unique to eBay .
DC : That 's true now , but if the Web 2.0 vision comes together , you may care : your API traffic could increase dramatically .
It would be better to be the one prepared for the scale of the API - Web !
Can you really argue in your company that you do n't need to be scalable ?
What if your port 80 traffic needs to be routed to your APIs for some reason ?
DP : While my imaginary co-worker may state that scalability is not a concern for eBay , I would never make such a claim .
Scalability is always an architectural consideration .
Rather than expecting that port 80 traffic would be routed to the API though , I would expect that future traffic growth might come from applications that leverage the API .
DC : As for interoperability , you could be excluded from Web 2.0 industry - boosting consortia , or excluded from perhaps hugely popular Web 2.0 applications in the future ...
Interoperability raises the level of the market as a whole .
Market players should n't differentiate on what 's common to them , they should differentiate on the level above .
It also depends on the value you place on having happy customers who do n't have to do the same thing multiple ways or multiple times .
DP : This comes back to defining what operations and entities are common between eBay and other market players .
There are probably subsets of entities that are common ( e.g. messages or users ) but even in that context , there are structured components that require extensions from a common base entity to prove useful .
This becomes the substance of the conversation and I also believe the largest challenge that the semantic web currently faces .
DC : OK , let 's look at your SOAP API .
There are 72 function calls in there that begin with ' Get ' .
Each one specifies a particular piece of data that you can fetch .
DP : Go on
DC : Sure , but you do n't need a new function call for everything you can get from your system : you can just use HTTP GET !
DP : Sure , I just need to parameterize the GET operation to differentiate what data you 're requesting .
But are n't we largely debating syntax and mechanism , not semantics ?
DC : It 's not just any ' data going in ' : the URI can be passed around for anyone to re-use .
This URI is more interoperable because so much deployed software understands it .
No-one understands ' GetSearchResults ( ) '!
DP : Okay , fair enough .
URI oriented requests can be more easily saved and shared .
DC : Another example of how the URI can glue things together is that the data returned from your GETs can have more URIs in them , ready to go !
You wo n't get data from your Web Service with ' GetItem ( ) ' in it ..
DP : Another fair point .
DC : REST also talks about the formats of the data behind a URI .
In a GET , the response data is given a Content - Type , and there 's an expectation that clients will understand the types of data being returned : interoperability comes from broad standardisation of return data .
DP : But now we 're back to the point I 've made earlier .
Standardization assumes common entities .
We certainly have entities that can be declared common at a high level ( e.g. users , products , messages ) .
These entities become somewhat less common as you dive into the details .
We also have several entities that are not common ( e.g. items , bids ) .
DC : The explicit statement of Content - Type reflects a culture of agreement forced by the sharability of URIs : your URIs are more sharable when more clients understand the data they dereference to .
On the other hand , the culture of SOA is to declare custom WSDL and custom XML schemas .
Like I said , one day you may care about interoperability , and having an architecture that puts a high value on content type and schema standardisation , as REST does , puts you one step ahead .
DP : So the suggestion is that all vendors are going to agree on a common set of entities and their detailed schemas ?
I suppose that might happen for a subset of the entities but I think even that will prove challenging .
I was at Sun in 1992 when we proposed an industry standard format for calendar appointments .
Fourteen years later there are still competing standards and trying to give a Mac iCal appointment to an Outlook user is harder than it should be .
If there are REST standards around the entities that we publish , then it would make sense for us to consider them .
To the extent that our entities are unique , then is n't the format we publish the standard by definition ?
DC : You can also gain scalability by partitioning on those URIs .
DP : We partition along many dimensions , URI 's just being one of them .
DC : Yes , but URI partitioning cuts right through the system in a very simple way : your partitioning is an application - specific optimisation which has to be hand - coded behind the SOAP interface .
DP : Our partitioning does n't follow the model you 've imagined but I can't really share all of our partitioning magic with you .
DC : Another benefit of using HTTP over using SOAP is that you get cacheing built in to the architecture , which you can start using as soon as you ask for it in the headers .
This boosts scalability .
DP : Caching dynamically generated content is considerably more difficult than you think .
There are portions of our results that can be cached but rarely the entire result set from a single request .
We already to caching where it can be done and still provide correct results to the interface .
Bear in mind that you are talking about a system with more than 5,000 state changes per second .
DC : Which is where you 're potentially inefficient .
DP : Correctness must always override efficiency , especially where money is concerned .
DC : Again - it 's application - specific .
So - even in the simple cases of fetching data , REST has given you much greater scalability and interoperability than your SOAP interface - as well as a simpler , more generic approach .
DP : In many cases our caches have to be application specific .
The correctness of the data can only be insured by understanding the logic used to generate it .
We 've studied caching opportunities extensively and apply caching where it can be done safely , with no risk of producing inconsistent or incorrect results .
REST is n't going to change the business rules or our customer 's expectation of accuracy .
DC : And we 're only one - ninth of the way through our conversation !
DP : Great , this has been fun !
Technorati Tags : architecture , atom , ebay , engineering , http , identity , programming , protocol , rest , scalability , security , services , soa , software , to_read , toread , web
A little birdie told me today that NASA has given up entirely on Internet Explorer .
Now , if you are an employee of NASA , every time you go to a page using IE , you get up to three prompts telling you how risky it is to run scripts .
The official line is that the newest IE vulnerability was the proverbial straw , and now NASA ’s standard internal browser is Firefox .
That NASA has taken this step is n’t all that surprising — NASA has been odd man out for many years , encouraging innovation instead of pushing for standardization in their IT systems .
But this is interesting because I do n’t know of another government agency that has recently standardized ( internally ) on any browser besides IE for …well , it ’s been a long time .
Years .
Time was Mozilla ( Netscape ) was standard at NCI , but even that holdout has given up the ghost .
Maybe this will give them precedent so they can move to a good browser .
Update 9:24 AM
12/5/05 : Perhaps this rumor is just that — a rumor .
See one of the comments below , from someone with a .ru address but who says they ’re coming from NASA .
Update 10:24 AM
12/5/05 : And another , below , from ( apparently ) NASA software contractor .
Update 4:27 PM
12/5/05 :
And a couple more , below , from more apparent NASA employees .
I think it ’s time to put this rumor to rest .
There are three options :
It ’s completely false and my NASA employee ( aka “ little birdie ” ) was flat - out wrong .
It ’s true for his part of NASA .
It ’s true for all of NASA but a bunch of people have n’t heard about the policy shift yet .
The only way to resolve it is for someone to corroborate my birdie ’s story , or for the furor to die down …
In another low moment for American justice , a federal appeals court ruled on Tuesday that detainees held at the prison camp at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , do not have the right to be heard in court .
The ruling relied on a shameful law that President Bush stampeded through Congress last fall that gives dangerously short shrift to the Constitution .
The right of prisoners to challenge their confinement  habeas corpus  is enshrined in the Constitution and is central to American liberty .
Congress and the Supreme Court should act quickly and forcefully to undo the grievous damage that last fall ’s law  and this week ’s ruling  have done to this basic freedom .
The Supreme Court ruled last year on the jerry - built system of military tribunals that the Bush administration established to try the Guantánamo detainees , finding it illegal .
Mr. Bush responded by driving through Congress the Military Commissions Act , which presumed to deny the right of habeas corpus to any noncitizen designated as an “ enemy combatant . ”
This frightening law raises insurmountable obstacles for prisoners to challenge their detentions .
And it gives the government the power to take away habeas rights from any noncitizen living in the United States who is unfortunate enough to be labeled an enemy combatant .
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , which rejected the detainees ’ claims by a vote of 2 to 1 , should have permitted the detainees to be heard in court  and it should have ruled that the law is unconstitutional .
What Professor Murphy 's story tells us about the no-fly list
JB
I wanted to make some points about Professor Murphy 's experiences with the no-fly list that are probably obvious to many readers of this blog but may nevertheless be useful to state explicitly .
First , I have no reason to believe that Professor Murphy has not accurately reported what airport personnel told him about the reasons why he was placed on what is colloquially called the " no - fly " list ( or , more correctly , the set of terrorist watch lists the government maintains .
In some cases persons on these lists may still fly if they submit to further procedures .
Professor Murphy was apparently on a " selectee list " that allowed him to fly rather than a " no - fly " list that banned him from air travel entirely . )
Second , assuming that this is so , it is possible that airport personnel were mistaken about the government 's no-fly list policies or were reporting second or third hand accounts of the government 's policies that may not be correct .
Third , a likely cause of someone 's being put on the no-fly list is bureaucratic incompetence , or a flawed policy of rejecting names that are similar to ones found on the no-fly list , as opposed to a deliberate policy of punishing or silencing critics of the Administration .
It is also possible that particular individuals in the bureaucracy have overzealous views about threats to national security that are not generally shared within the Administration ; their reports and decisions might be transmitted through the compilation process without sufficient checks and balances , leading to many mistaken additions to the no-fly list .
Fourth , even if Professor Murphy 's experience was not due to a deliberate policy of punishing persons who spoke out against the Administration , the secrecy of the no-fly list creates abundant potential for bureaucratic incompetence and abuse , for some of the reasons I have suggested .
For this reason , Professor Murphy 's experience is worth paying attention to as evidence that there is something seriously wrong with the way that the government and the airlines are compiling and using the no-fly list .
Professor Murphy 's story suggests that both the press and Congress should look more closely into the way that the Administration and the nation 's airlines work together to construct and implement the no-fly list .
There are many ways that the list could be mismanaged , and many ways that bad information could travel through the system without being corrected .
When this happens , the consequences are visited on innocent persons without any corresponding advantage to the security of our country .
The presence of mistakes and snafus in the no-fly list undermine the program 's ability to do what it was designed to do , which is to keep Americans safe .
As NNadir , who does not hide his ( pro-nuclear ) biases , I 'll start by stating mine : I 'm favorable to nuclear , as it is vastly superior in all respects to the coal - fired plants that dominate the industry in many countries , but I think we should focus policy first on conservation , then on renewable energy ( in particular wind power , the sector I finance ) , and then only on nuclear .
But that does mean that I consider nuclear to be invitable and thus necessary .
I would like to note also that I am influenced by the French experience , which is highly successful , and has a number of traits which I think are desirable for the industry ( strong State involvement , including for the financing of the sector , strong and independent regulation ) and which may reflect my personal biases ( the engineers that built and run the sector are alumni of the same university as me ) .
I 've been meaning to do a big nuclear energy diary for a long while , but Real Life constraints have prevented me from doing so .
In the meantime , NNadir has been providing a steady stream of informative diaries on various aspects of the nuclear energy technology ( read them all here ) .
The macro-issues surrounding nuclear that I can see are as follows :
is it safe ?
In particular , can it withstand a major terrorist attack ?
what do we do with the waste ?
do we have enough uranium anyway ?
is it cost effective ?
And do the announced costs include everything ?
are n't there better options to pursue before nuclear ?
Is it safe ?
I 'll answer that one simply : nuclear energy can theoretically lead to much worse accidents than other industrial activities , but it can also be made safe .
The risks are understood , the required procedures and technical standards are defined and can be adapted to effectively eliminate the risk of large scale incidents .
The circumstances that would lead to a large scale incident are quite remote and they require more effort , planning and resources than could likely take place .
More importantly , should any group with murderous intent ever have access to that kind of resources , they are many much simpler acts that would have a bigger impact than an attack against a nuclear power plant with military grade protection .
Which brings us back to ensuring that safeguards and procedures exist and are actually enforced .
That 's a task that can only be run and managed by a public body with the ability to retain competent personnel and to impose rules on the industry .
That requires clear laws , a strong culture of regulatory enforcement , and the necessary high level political support and funding for the relevant body .
To me , this is the single most important element to ensure that nuclear is viable , and to make it possible for the public to trust the industry , something that a culture of secrecy and occasional contempt for the public has damaged .
That said , it has to be noted here that we tend to hold the nuclear industry to much higher standards than other bits of the power industry .
I fail to understand why the public does not hold the coal industry to the same kinds of requirements , and tolerates amazingly high levels of pollution and other damage to the environment from coal mining and burning operations - and a proven high level of avoidable deaths in the general population every year .
Coal ( just like roads ) seems , for some reason , an acceptable killer .
Two wrongs do not make a right , so there is no reason to argue for similarly sloppy supervision of the nuclear industry , but the double standard has to be noted , in particular with respect to the impact on the cost of each form of generation .
A fair requirement would be to apply equivalent rules to all sectors on safety , pollution , and internalisation of all externalities .
What to do with the waste
The very long term , apparently open - ended need to take care into the distant future of what are potentially highly dangerous materials is the other big argument brought forward to show that nuclear energy is an unreasonable proposition .
Again , the technical solutions are , to a large extent , known .
The volumes of material , their dangerosity and how they should be handled are known .
The technical requirements for safe storage can be met .
If done properly , it is possible to say that we are not leaving boig ticking bombs to our descendants .
Two important requirements should be that ( i ) storage be reversible , so that , as we discover new technologies and new uses for nucleotides , we reduce the volume of waste stored and ( ii ) the cost of storage should be as transparent as possible and fully taken into account in the price of the energy .
Again , these are requirements that can be met with strong regulatory supervision of the industry .
And again , these are requirements that are simply not applied to other power generation sources , except for wind power ( which is currently obliged to pay for its decommissioning costs , something that I have never seen for any industrial activity , and certainly not for coal - fired plants or chemical factories ) .
Can we make sure that the carbon dioxide spewed out into the atmosphere for the rest of eternity by gas - fired plants is not around to destroy our descendants 's livelihood ?
Can we make sure that the mercury sent in the atmosphere by coal - burning plants - also for eternity - will not be around to pollute what our descendants eat and breathe ?
Mercuty kills and hurts more people every year than nuclear waste ever has .
Same with carbon dioxide .
How much uranium is there
I 'll admit quite frankly that this is the question for which I have the least visibility .
I have seen arguments that convincingly demonstrate that uranium is not an issue in the foreseaable future , and I have seen others that point to a looming shortage in a relatively small number of decades .
Uranium is a relatively plentiful element , and so is thorium , which could be used in reactors of a slightly different ( but known ) design , but what matters is how much it costs to bring about the requisite volumes at the necessary concentration .
I cannot answer that question myself right now , but would note that the pessimistic scenarios seem to put a " peak uranium " date pretty close to the expected date for peak coal ( see this diary : Even coal ( clean or not ) will not save the US way of life ) .
is it cost effective ?
Ultimately , all these requirements bring us back to the issue of how much it costs to provide for our needs .
I discussed the issue of what influences the cost of electricity in this fairly detailed diary last year ( The real cost of electricity - some numbers ) which I can only encourage you to read .
With respect to nuclear , as an industry with a combination of high upfront investment costs , low ( even if increasing ) fuel costs , and high , but far away decommissioning and waste management costs , the fundamental driver of electricity cost is going to be the discount rate used - i.e. the long term cost of money .
Low interest rates mean that initial investments can be spread easily over the long term , thus bringing about vastly lower production costs .
That means one simple thing : nuclear will always be much cheaper if financed by the State - and that holds true even if ( especially if ) the State financed all possible technologies .
Similarly , the impact on production costs of decommissioning and waste storage requirements will depend on public decisions about the acceptable lifetime of plants .
While there are objective technological constraints there , there will always be room for political decisions there .
Finally , the cost of catastrophic insurance cannot be borne by the private sector and will always be borne ( whether by law as in the US via the Price Anderson Act , or in practice in all countries ) by governments , the only entity able to act should a large scale accident happen .
How that insurance is priced is to a large extent a political decision , and it will depend fundamentally on the quality of the regulatory oversight imposed on the industry .
This may sound convenient for someone who frequently praises the positive role that government can and should play , but the above shows that nuclear is an industry that can only be viable with heavy governmental involvement , and its competitiveness will hinge on decisions by public authorities , in particular with respect to the cost of financing .
Those that argue for nuclear should make that point explicitly , and recognize that investing in nuclear energy requires governmental consent , supervision and involvement , and thus democratic support .
once that step is made , the case for a government - run industry is quite strong , provided that the same government is able to put in place independent regulatory oversight at the same time .
What makes nuclear different from other sectors in power generation is that every angle requires government involvement .
Wind would benefit from public funding for its high initial investment costs , but requires only limited oversight after that .
Coal requires tough regulation of emissions and pollution , but public funding would help it only little .
Are n't there better options to pursue before nuclear ?
With all that said , I 'll restate here the order in which things would be done , in an ideal world :
first , conservation and energy efficiency .
" Negawatts " are the cheapest and most underexploited resource we have ;
. " Negawatts " are the cheapest and most underexploited resource we have ; second , renewable energies , starting with wind .
They are proven technologies , are scalable and wind is already competitive , price wise ;
.
They are proven technologies , are scalable and wind is already competitive , price wise ; third , nuclear .
it 's the least bad way to provide the base load capacity we 'll need in the foreseeable future ;
. it 's the least bad way to provide the base load capacity we 'll need in the foreseeable future ; fourth , gas - fired plants .
Gas is less polluting than coal , gas turbines are very flexible to use .
Such plants will probably be needed ( in places that do not have sufficient hydro ) to manage the permanent adjustment of supply to demand that electricity requires ;
.
Gas is less polluting than coal , gas turbines are very flexible to use .
Such plants will probably be needed ( in places that do not have sufficient hydro ) to manage the permanent adjustment of supply to demand that electricity requires ; last , coal should be dismantled as quickly as possible from its current high levels of use - and new construction should be stopped .
I often have a discussion about wind with the pro-nuclear crowd ; whereby they point out that wind is still providing an insignificant share of our needs , and that its intermittent nature will impose the presence of some other form of baseload capacity to ensure certainty of supply .
To me , the first argument is not one , and we should make all efforts to ensure that wind reaches the 20 % of production that are acknowledged as the level that can be absorbed at little cost by the networks .
The second one is very real , and barring a breakthrough in storage technology ( something not to be discounted ) or in some smart combination of wind turbines with other on - demand technologies at a reasonable cost , it is true that wind will not be able to provide for all of our demand , and thus , the least damaging source available is , indeed , nuclear .
Solar is still very expensive , and large scale use ( again , barring major technology breakthroughs ) is likely to involve massive pollution ( and depletion ) risks as the materials used for now are highly polluting and some are quite scarce .
Biomass can play a role within sustainably harvested forestry programmes .
Other biofuels and waste will always remain marginal ( given the limited supply sources ) .
Thus , I expect nuclear to be pursued , but it would be better if it were done with the following conditions fulfilled :
strict public oversight ( which should exclude a number of countries from pursuing it ) ;
full transparency in waste management and accounting ;
democratic support , and
ideally , public funding .
In fact , these conditions should apply to all forms of power generation , starting with coal - fired plants .
But will the public have the stomach for full cost accounting of our current energy use ?
If , in all likelihood , the answer is no , then we will have an energy policiy that focuses on the exact opposite order : coal will come first , followed by nuclear and some renewables .
And we 'll keep on dying from air pollution and global warming while worrying about nuclear waste .
Some further diaries :
Is Nuclear Power a Viable Option for Our Energy Needs ? > by Martin Savior here at the Oil Drum
NNadir diaries over at European Tribune
How Sweden deals with nuclear waste by Starvid
Nuclear renaissance in Europe , part 2 by Starvid
Nuclear renaissance in Europe , part 1 by Starvid
The Nuclear Skeptic Part 2 : Megaprojects vs Micropower by DeAnander
The Nuclear Skeptic , Part 1 : Sketching the Playing Field by DeAnander
Chernobyl +20 : retrospectives and dispatches ( long ) by DeAnander
Chernobyl 's Downplayed Victims by DoDo
Case for nuclear energy ' overwhelming '? by Jerome a Paris
Government works .
The exemple of power generation by Jerome a Paris
A Nuclear Lobby Lie by DoDo
Nuclear energy in France - a Sunday special by Jerome a Paris
On waste , the English version of the site of the French nuclear waste management agency is a good place to start .
New !
Testimonials page : Read words of high praise from professionals around the world
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
April 6 , 2006
Howe & Ser Moving Company has completed its latest job : moving a Spanish - American War cannon from the pits of Pasadena , CA to sunny Cambridge , MA .
The cannon arrived with one addition : a giant Brass Rat , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology class ring .
In the past , the cannon graced the front yard of Caltech and took a brief vacation to Harvey Mudd College .
However , Howe & Ser Moving Co. has yet to be contracted to move the cannon back to Caltech , suggesting it has taken up long - term residence at MIT .
Howe & Ser Moving Co. is an accomplished national moving firm known for its excellent customer service .
It has been described as , " assertive , low - key , and really willing to go the extra 3,000 miles to ensure a bang - up job . "
T - shirts commemorating the event were available for sale here .
More information about the cannon 's first vacation from Caltech is available here .
In the latest study conducted by the Pew Internet and American Life Project , over 700 technology experts were asked to evaluate an assortment of scenarios in an attempt to determine potential trends for the year 2020 .
With responses from representatives of the World Wide Web Consortium , ICANN , the Association of Internet Researchers , and major corporations like Google and IBM , the report reflects the perceptions of " Internet pioneers , " more than half of whom " were online before 1993 . "
The highly speculative scenarios presented to respondents are all vaguely reminiscent of various themes commonly found in contemporary science fiction .
From artificial intelligences dominating humanity to disgruntled Luddites engaging in violence , the poll looks more like an abandoned script by Michael Piller than a serious exploration of the future .
Let 's examine some of the more colorful quandaries , and see how many of the concepts have been prominently featured in Star Trek :
Attack of the Amish
Expressing belief that some who reject technology will perpetrate terrorist attacks against technological infrastructure , almost 60 percent of respondents agreed with the following scenario :
" By 2020 , the people left behind ( many by their own choice ) by accelerating information and communications technologies will form a new cultural group of technology refuseniks who self - segregate from " modern " society .
Some will live mostly " off the grid " simply to seek peace and a cure for information overload while others will commit acts of terror or violence in protest against technology . "
Will disenfranchised LoTeks wreak havoc on society ?
Comparing future anti-technology vigilantes to modern day " eco-terrorists , " Internet education expert and poll respondent Ed Lyell pointed out that " Every age has a small percentage that cling to an overrated past of low - technology , low - energy , lifestyle . "
Respondent Thomas Narten , a member of IBM's Internet Engineering Task Force , believes that " by becoming valuable infrastructure , the Internet itself will become a target , " and FirstGov developer Martin Kwapinski feels that " random acts of senseless violence and destruction will continue and expand due to a feeling of 21st century anomie , and an increasing sense of of lack of individual control . "
Some of the respondents sympathized with the Luddites .
Respondent Denzil Meyers said , " we need some strong dissenting voices about the impact of this technology in our lives .
So far , it 's been mostly the promise of a cure - all , just like the past ' Industrial Revolution . ' "
This particular theme is examined at length in Star Trek Deep Space Nine season two , episode fifteen , " Paradise , " in which Captain Sisko and Miles O'Brien become stranded on a planet populated by the followers of an extreme Luddite philosopher who believes technology is detrimental to human growth .
One is also reminded of season five , episode two , " Let He Who is Without Sin ... , " in which a group of " Essentialists " sabotages the weather control system on the planet Risa in order to convince vacationers that dependence on technology has weakened them .
Strung out on fantasy
Over half of the poll respondents believe that immersive fantasy worlds will completely absorb users , leading to virtual reality addiction .
Fifty - two experts agreed with the following scenario :
" By the year 2020 , virtual reality on the internet will come to allow more productivity from most people in technologically - savvy communities than working in the " real world . "
But the attractive nature of virtual - reality worlds will also lead to serious addiction problems for many , as we lose people to alternate realities . "
Although some self - described MMORPG " addicts " might be inclined to argue that this particular prediction has already come to pass , compulsive gaming has yet to become a widespread phenomenon with clear societal implications .
Technology consultant Robert Eller responded , " we may see a vast blurring of virtual / real reality with many participants living an in - effect secluded lifestyle .
Only in the online world will they participate in any form of human interaction . "
Virtual reality addiction is a prominent theme in Star Trek the Next Generation season three , episode twenty - one , " Hollow Pursuits , " in which Lieutenant Barclay 's severe holodeck addiction interferes with his ability to work and relate to others .
Oh no !
Cylons and Skynet !
Just under half of the respondents worry about artificial intelligence run amok , leading to the potential subjugation of humanity .
42 experts agreed with the following scenario :
" By 2020 , intelligent agents and distributed control will cut direct human input so completely out of some key activities such as surveillance , security and tracking systems that technology beyond our control will generate dangers and dependencies that will not be recognized until it is impossible to reverse them .
We will be on a " J - curve " of continued acceleration of change . "
Will we become slaves to our own inventions as intelligent computer systems evolve to the point where they can control our society ?
Earlier this year , I predicted the coming Roomba insurrection .
Start stockpiling ammunition now , because it's only a matter of time before those evil little circular dust busters figure out that the best way to keep the house clean is to dispose of the filthy flesh - bags that make it messy in the first place .
Elle Tracy , president of The Results Group , comments , " until testing , bug fixing , user interfaces , usefulness and basic application by subject - matter experts is given a higher priority than pure programmer skill , we are totally in danger of evolving into an out - of - control situation with autonomous technology . "
Many respondents , like Rob Atkinson of the Progressive Policy Institute , believe that the significant advantages of autonomous technology far outweigh the potential risks .
Atkinson says , " The more autonomous agents the better .
The steeper the ' J curve ' the better .
Automation , including through autonomous agents , will help boost standards of living , freeing us from drudgery . "
The implications of artificial intelligence is a frequent recurring theme in Star Trek , and it is featured prominently in many of the best episodes .
The concept is most effectively embodied in the juxtaposition between the android Data , and his morally uninhibited twin Lore , but occasional holodeck incidents also convey the concept of out - of - control AI .
In season six , episode 12 , " Ship in a Bottle , " a sentient holographic representation of Professor Moriarty seizes control of the Enterprise .
Language , privacy , and equalization
Although the rest of the scenarios are less colorful , they are still relatively interesting .
52 percent of respondents agree that the " free flow of information will completely blur current national boundaries as they are replaced by city - states , corporation - based cultural groupings and / or other geographically diverse and reconfigured human organizations tied together by global networks . "
46 percent of respondents believe that " transparency builds a better world , even at the expense of privacy , " and 42 percent agree that " worldwide network interoperability will be perfected " by 2020 , making mobile communication " available to anyone anywhere on the globe at an extremely low cost . "
52 percent agree with the assertion that " The Internet opens worldwide access to success , " and 42 percent believe that " English will displace other languages " by 2020 .
I 'm honestly surprised that question made it on the list at all .
In a world with sophisticated artificial intelligences and immersive virtual realities , one assumes that the Universal Translator would be invented somewhere along the way .
Are these scenarios really indicative of future trends ?
Given the prevalence of many of these concepts in science fiction content , it is obvious that the ideas themselves are at least relevant enough to warrant consideration .
That said , the nature of the survey and the way that the scenarios are presented makes the entire thing seem less plausible .
In looking at classic science fiction films of the past , from Blade Runner to Soylent Green , one realizes that few of them really predict with any accuracy the world we live in today .
Culture and technology can change in radically unpredictable ways , and today 's experts may lack the foresight to perceive the future with the clarity of Hari Seldon .
Which scenarios do you think are the most plausible ?
Share your predictions with us in the discussion thread .
Why would anyone of the millennial generation take time to contemplate the magical significance of wine ?
A great question , which , if reader will allow , will be answered in the following sentences :
Wine is profoundly important in a way most of us ca n’t imagine .
Reasons being : wine inhabits the same realm as literature and art .
Literature and art are the only two things that separate man from beast .
Literature and art save mankind from destruction and brutality , think that whenever a fascist regime comes to power first they outlaw the writers and the poets , and from there all other personal liberties crumble .
The artist and the writer are the people who set us free and by implication , wine , being in the same realm as art and literature , is also an agent of freedom .
Think of it this way , Budweiser and Miller represent corporate hegemony , whilst wine represents the individual and old - fashioned craftsmanship .
One has to ask whether they would prefer a world that was ruled by mass markets and homogenized products ; or whether they prefer an old - fashioned , time - honoured ritual that provides unique flavours free to be sought after and consumed by the individual that is so inclined .
Think about it , literature and art ( and wine ) are the only aspects existing in mankind that do n’t exist in beasts .
We have entrepreneurial animals ; brave dogs ( Lassie ) ; birds and ants who weave and construct architecturally brilliant homes ; elephants and monkeys that consume fruit that has become alcoholic and become aggressive ; murderous monkeys ; affectionate dolphins and the list of anthropomorphic attributes goes on and on .
You name it , love , loyalty , humour , sadness , murder , happiness , bravery , persistenceâ€ ¦ pick a quality , any quality , and trust me , if you watch the Discovery Channel long enough you ’re going to see some aspect of it in animals , everything except literature and art .
Art and literature are the only two things that raise man above beast .
If we are to survive as humans we ’re going to need every inch of humanity we can find , because if one thing is certain there is an entire industry out there promoting anti-humanity .
Beer companies , FHM magazine , Hustler and Jenna Jameson , Oil companies , the CIA , fast food chains , MTV , Lockhead Martin , pick any array of multi-billion dollar organizations and chances are they are not advocating the furtherment and benefit of mankind .
Most all big businesses provide a service that is generally detrimental to the world at large .
Wine is not big business yet .
In many respects the winelands of France , Italy and Spain are some of the last culturally pure and non-malicious organizations in the world whose soul purpose is to provide a sophisticated level of pleasure and enjoyment to the consumer .
The only way this industry can survive is with the support and understanding of people in their mid twenties , who need to understand the wealth of benefits that wine can provide them , and more importantly , what may happen if they do n’t start becoming discerning consumers .
As young intelligent people it is our duty to make informed consumer decisions .
There are two types of company , one that would sell and market cigarettes with a smile ( an item that is proven to kill you ) ; and the people who would take time to inform and promote a product with anti-oxidant healing power .
We need to start actively supporting the people who support us because there are people in this world that would have you believe that the death penalty is correct ; that two people of the same sex that are in love do not have the right to commit ; that it is justified for more Iraqi children under 5 at the hands of the American nation than the amount of people over 30 who died in an attack conducted by an independent group ; that children in Africa should not receive anti-retroviral , and I ’m going to stop there because the list goes on .
These people I talk of are not wine drinkers , they know nothing of literature and have no understanding of art or philosophy .
They are just glorified animals posing as humans who seek the destruction of our species .
Susan Orlean , in ‘ The Orchid Thief ’ relates a process whereby if a person focuses on and becomes obsessed with and truly understands one small part of life , it becomes possible that many other confusing components fall into place .
What I intent to show in this blog is that wine is just such a component .
The entire world of wine is a microcosm whose intricacies mimic and go on to effect the world at large .
In wine there are aspects of globalization , environmental issues , political debates , personal taste , family feuds , bad guys , heroes , villains , capitalist pigs , irreverent artists and every other kind of thing one can imagine .
Moreover , I firmly believe that if any young person can learn to enjoy wine , they will learn to enjoy one of life , culture and society ’s greatest pleasures , and I am willing to bet that they will understand life and the world we live in better with a fuller appreciation .
Wine has been a part of my life in so many ways and I ’m so excited to express how it can help our world .
If there is one beverage that could sustain a lifelong and interesting dialogue , it is definitely wine .
I ’ll be making weekly posts and coming back to answer questions some of you may be confused as to what wine has to do with people dying in Iraq ; or how it can save the world , and I have my own answers to all these questions .
This blog is intended to be a discussion , and online cocktail party that brings a diverse set of opinions to the floor with wine as the unifier .
Thanks for reading !
cheers .
– Ruarri
Read more : The Beginning
Tags : Culture
THE orange message light on my cellphone started blinking as I was getting ready for bed .
Barely an hour had passed since our quick kiss goodnight at the subway , and I was surprised to see the screen light up with the initials I 'd just entered into my phone .
It was n't voice mail ; it was a text message , and it made me smile .
U miss me ? ;-)
I 'd met him a week before at my usual Wednesday night hangout .
He was alone but gregarious , and he seemed to be pals with the female bartender -- a tacit vote of confidence .
He chatted with my friends and me and then left with a wave from the door , and when my friend Kate and I ordered our next drinks , the bartender said this round was on the guy we'd been talking to .
Surprised , we debated his motivations .
I insisted that perfectly normal people sometimes buy strangers drinks just to be nice .
Kate thought he was way too aggressive .
When I saw him at the bar the next Wednesday , I thanked him for the drink .
He asked if he could take me to dinner sometime ; I said I 'd think about it .
He walked me to the subway and we exchanged numbers , but I thought it would be days before I heard from him , if ever , making this late - night text message all the more unexpected .
( Note that all of the following quotes were extracted from the representatives ' official press releases and statements as found on www.house.gov)
U.S. Representative John Hostettler ( R - IN )
" the Internal Revenue Code and regulations add up to one million words and is nearly seven times the length of the Bible " U.S. Representative Rob Portman ( R - OH )
" The income tax code and its associated regulations contain almost 5.6 million words -- seven times as many words as the Bible .
Taxpayers now spend about 5.4 billion hours a year trying to comply with 2,500 pages of tax laws .... "
U.S. Representative J.C. Watts , Jr. ( R - OK )
" The heart of IRS abuse lies in the existing tax code .
Most of the folks who work for the IRS are good people just trying to do their job , but they are caught in a bad , overextended tax system .
At 3,458 pages , twice the length of the Bible , it 's impossible for the average taxpayer to know , understand , and accurately apply its provisions .
The length is twice that of the Bible !
Even tax experts cannot do so reliably . "
U.S. Representative Spencer Bachus ( R - AL )
" With its 6,000 pages and 500 million words , the complexity of our tax code is the prime source of frustration and anger felt by millions of Americans toward their government . "
U.S. Representative Bill Archer ( R - TX )
" The Internal Revenue Code and regulations now come in at one million words and 9000 pages . "
U.S. Representative Jo Ann Emerson ( R - MO )
" The Bible , the guide of our lives , is 1,291 pages and contains 774,746 words .
But the Tax Code and its regulations which are referred to by some as , ' a person 's worst nightmare come true ' is 9,471 pages and over 7 million words . "
U.S. Representative Vito Fossella ( R - NY )
" the tax code runs 17,000 pages and contains a mind - boggling 5.5 million words .
By way of comparison , War and Peace is only 1,444 pages and the Bible checks in at 1,291 pages . "
U.S. Representative Jim DeMint ( R - SC )
" The federal tax code with its 44,000 pages , 5.5 million words , and 721 different forms is a patchwork maze of complexity and a testament to confusion over common sense . "
U.S. Representative Walter Jones ( R - NC )
" The IRS tax code is 44,000 pages and growing " U.S. Representative Bobby Jindal ( R - LA )
" The current tax code is almost 60,000 pages , longer than the Bible " U.S. Representative Dave Hobson ( R - OH )
" the current tax code , which at 1.3 million pages is twice the length of Tolstoy 's War and Peace " U.S. Representative Nick Smith ( R - MI )
" the federal tax code has about four times as many words as the bible .
Accompanying the law are a staggering two - and - a - half million pages of regulations " ... and President George W. Bush ( courtesy of Professor Paul Caron of the TaxProf Blog )
" The tax code is a complicated mess .
You realize , it 's a million pages long . "
Coral clearance : Bottom - trawling and its bycatch
In pictures
A quarter of the world 's oceans will be protected from fishing boats which drag heavy nets across the sea floor , South Pacific nations have agreed .
The landmark deal will restrict bottom - trawling , which experts say destroys coral reefs and stirs up clouds of sediment that suffocate marine life .
Observers and monitoring systems will ensure vessels remain five nautical miles from marine ecosystems at risk .
The South Pacific contains the last pristine deep - sea marine environment .
It extends from the Equator to the Antarctic and from Australia to the western coast of South America .
The high seas encompass all areas not included in the territorial sea or in the internal waters of a country .
' Precautionary measures '
The agreement reached in the coastal town of Renaca in Chile will come into force on 30 September .
It will close to bottom - trawling areas where vulnerable marine ecosystems are known or are likely to exist , unless a prior assessment is undertaken and highly precautionary protective measures are implemented .
Bottom - trawling : How it works
The delegation from New Zealand , whose fishermen are responsible for 90 % of bottom - trawling in the South Pacific high seas , said the restrictions would " severely constrain " its fishing vessels .
" Because of the cost implications of the necessary research and assessment and observer requirements , it may even have the effect of putting an end to bottom - trawling , " it said .
The Deep Sea Conservation Coalition , an alliance of leading environmental and conservation groups , welcomed the agreement .
Because of the cost implications of the necessary research and assessment and observer requirements , [ the agreement ] may even have the effect of putting an end to bottom - trawling
New Zealand delegation
Sea fish ' gone in 50 years '
" This is a major step forward in the protection of biodiversity on the high seas , " Matthew Gianni , a spokesman for the group , said .
Mr Gianni said the deal was the first step taken towards implementing a UN resolution passed in December , which urged the adoption of unilateral " precautionary measures " to ensure bottom - trawlers do not cause significant damage .
" This is the most significant meeting of fishing nations since the UN General Assembly resolution and it has done what the resolution required .
" It can be done , it has been done , and it 's time for all countries to do the same in all other ocean regions . "
In addition to the weighted nets and rollers which crush coral reefs , bottom - trawling targets slow - growing species of fish , such as orange roughy , which take decades to reach breeding age .
Such species are especially vulnerable to overfishing because the population replenishes itself very slowly .
Last November , leading scientists warned there would be no sea fish left in 50 years if current practices continued .
Return to story
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Wow , I have never seen such developers all over the world so unanimous on any issue .
If anything , I underestimated how much people hate job boards clogged with anonymous posts put up by commission - and resume - fishing recruiters .
The jobs board policy will remain :
We will continue to require a company name and take down posts that do n’t disclose the actual company .
Recruiters can use it if they post the name of the company that is actually hiring .
This , I think , will only be of interest to recruiters doing exclusive searches ( also known as “ retained searches ” ) .
Finally , summer intern Noah has added a feature to display the Joel Test score on the main page for companies that choose to fill it out , which seems to be quite a lot of them .
Thanks , summer intern Noah !
The younger generation is opposed to the war in Iraq , right ?
Wrong .
Actually , they 're divided on the war , far more so than their grandparents , according to a New York Times / CBS News Poll in March .
Seems younger people are more supportive of the war and the president than any other age group .
Forty - eight percent of Americans 18 to 29 years old said the United States did the right thing in taking military action against Iraq , while 45 percent said the United States should have stayed out .
That is in sharp contrast to the opinions of those 65 and older , who have lived through many other wars .
Twenty eight percent of that age group said the United States did the right thing , while 67 percent said the United States should have stayed out .
This is nothing new , said John Mueller , author of " War , Presidents and Public Opinion , " and a professor of political science at Ohio State University .
" This is a pattern that is identical to what we saw in Korea and Vietnam , younger people are more likely to support what the president is doing , " he said .
A review of the March poll suggests Mr. Mueller has a point .
Overall , 34 percent of Americans said they approved of the way the president was handling his job , and 58 percent disapproved .
But younger Americans were more approving than older Americans .
Forty percent of 18 - 29 year olds said Mr. Bush was doing a good job , while 56 percent said he was not .
While 29 percent of people 65 and older said they approved of the way Mr. Bush was handling his job as president , 62 percent said they did not .
The Bishop of London , the Right Reverend Richard Chartres , said that the purchase of large cars or even holiday flights was an environmentally " selfish choice " .
But Edmund King , executive director of the RAC Foundation , said decisions over what car to buy were " practical " and not moral choices .
The bishop , who has helped form Church of England policy on the environment , said there was now an " overriding imperative " to " walk more lightly upon the earth " .
He said people had to make lifestyle decisions with environmental consequences in mind .
" Making selfish choices such as flying on holiday or buying a large car are a symptom of sin , " he told the Sunday Times .
" Sin is not just a restricted list of moral mistakes .
It is living a life turned in on itself where people ignore the consequences of their actions . "
Mr King said : " You can not just point the finger in that way .
Some people have larger cars for perfectly legitimate reasons , so I do n't think morality comes into it .
Yes , climate change is a problem , but we need an overall strategy to tackle it .
This is rather a knee - jerk reaction from the Church , maybe they should stick to what they know best . "
The comments from the Bishop of London come ahead of the publication of a Church booklet advising Christians on practical action towards being more eco-friendly .
The bishop also recently led the launch of the Church 's Shrinking the Footprint scheme aiming to cut the " carbon imprint " caused by inefficient energy use in its own buildings .
Mr King said yesterday : " I do n't think it is particularly helpful to have such gross generalisations . "
A spokesman for Mr Chartres said : " What we are trying to do is to put our own house in order first . "
I have an ingenious idea for a company .
My company will be in the business of selling computer games .
But , unlike other computer game companies , mine will never have to hire a single programmer , game designer , or graphic artist .
Instead I 'll simply find people who know how to make games , and ask them to donate their games to me .
Naturally , anyone generous enough to donate a game will immediately relinquish all further rights to it .
From then on , I alone will be the copyright - holder , distributor , and collector of royalties .
This is not to say , however , that I 'll provide no " value - added . "
My company will be the one that packages the games in 25 - cent cardboard boxes , then resells the boxes for up to $ 300 apiece .
But why would developers donate their games to me ?
Because they 'll need my seal of approval .
I 'll convince developers that , if a game is n't distributed by my company , then the game does n't " count " -- indeed , barely even exists -- and all their labor on it has been in vain .
Admittedly , for the scheme to work , my seal of approval will have to mean something .
So before putting it on a game , I 'll first send the game out to a team of experts who will test it , debug it , and recommend changes .
But will I pay the experts for that service ?
Not at all : as the final cherry atop my chutzpah sundae , I 'll tell the experts that it 's their professional duty to evaluate , test , and debug my games for free !
On reflection , perhaps no game developer would be gullible enough to fall for my scheme .
I need a community that has a higher tolerance for the ridiculous -- a community that , even after my operation is unmasked , will study it and hold meetings , but not " rush to judgment " by dissociating itself from me .
But who on Earth could possibly be so paralyzed by indecision , so averse to change , so immune to common sense ?
I 've got it : academics !
Everything I described with computer games would work even better with academic papers .
For then it would n't be the academics themselves who were footing the bill , but their universities ' libraries .
So , under the academics ' noses , I could gradually gain control of much of the world 's scientific output -- a unique and irreplaceable resource , worth almost any price I 'd care to name .
Alas , my idea has already been taken , by Elsevier and the other publishing conglomerates .
At the risk of stating the obvious , we in the academic community create the ideas in our papers .
We write the papers .
We typeset the papers .
We review the papers .
We proofread the papers .
1
We accept or reject the papers .
We electronically archive and distribute the papers .
If commercial publishers once played an essential role in this process , today their role is mostly to own the copyrights and to collect money from the universities .
In the past few years , there have been many detailed analyses of the rise in journal prices over time , the cost per page of one journal versus another , the tactics of the publishing companies , and so on .
A website by John Baez and an open letter by Donald Knuth provide excellent starting points for those who are interested .
In my view , what 's missing at this point is mostly anger -- a justified response to being asked to donate our time , not to Amnesty International or the Sierra Club , but to the likes of Kluwer and Elsevier .
One would think such a request would anger everyone : conservatives and libertarians because of the unpaid labor , liberals because of the beneficiaries of that labor .
But scientists , despite ( or because of ) their professional virtues -- understatement , self - criticism , respect for academic tradition -- seem prone to a peculiar anger deficiency .
Not only do many of them continue to work pro bono for outrageously - priced journals , some of them even criticize colleagues who do n't !
Lance Fortnow recently defended Elsevier 's Information and Computation , a subscription to which costs a jaw - dropping $ 3000 per year , as follows :
We all have a responsibility to do our fair share of refereeing and it takes no more effort to referee a paper for I &C than for any other journal .
If you truly dislike a certain publisher then do n't submit your papers to their journals .
But to take a symbolic stand by not refereeing papers only hurts the authors and our community .
In my view , once we 've mustered a level of anger commensurate with what 's happening , we can then debate what to do next , which journals are overpriced and which are n't , what qualifies as " open access , " and so on .
But the first step is for a critical mass of us to acknowledge that we are being had .
This article is supposed to be a review of a book called The Access Principle by John Willinsky ( MIT Press , 2006 ) .
So let me now turn to reviewing it .
The Access Principle is a paradox : on the one hand , its stated goal is to make the case for open access to research and scholarship .
Its thesis is that " a commitment to the value and quality of research carries with it a responsibility to extend the circulation of such work as far as possible and ideally to all who are interested in it and all who might profit by it " ( p. xii ) .
On the other hand , the book is printed in hardcover and sells for $ 34.95 .
Recognizing what he calls the " all - too - obvious irony , " Willinsky explains that while much of the book 's content is available for free online , he 's chosen to collect it in book form , first , to reach a wider audience ; second , because of his " admitted attachment to the book 's becoming look and familiar feel " ; and third , because " the book remains the medium that best serves the development of a wide - ranging and thoroughgoing treatment of an issue in a single sustained piece of writing " ( p. xiv-xv ) .
Fair enough -- in any case , my review copy was free .
For me , the most important idea in the The Access Principle is that scholars have a duty to make their work available , not only to their colleagues , but ideally to anyone who wants it .
As Willinsky writes : Open access holds the promise of moving knowledge from the closed cloisters of privileged , well - endowed university campuses to institutions worldwide .
Such an approach also opens a new world of learning to those outside the academic realm , to dedicated professionals and interested amateurs , to concerned journalists and policymakers .
In this way , an open access approach to scholarly publishing is not simply a side issue , a matter of business plans and delivery systems , in the pursuit of truth .
( p. 33 ) Today , many journal articles are online , but are accessible only from schools , companies , and research centers that have bought exorbitantly - priced " institutional subscriptions " to services like Elsevier 's ScienceDirect .
I 've always been amazed by the arrogance of the view that this represents an acceptable solution to the problem of circulating research .
Even if the subscriptions cost a reasonable amount ( they do n't ) , and even if the researchers who were " entitled " to them could easily access them away from their workplaces ( they can 't ) , who are we to say that a precocious high - school student , or a struggling researcher in Belarus or Ghana , has no legitimate use for our work ?
Or if our work is intended only for a small circle of colleagues , then why even bother writing it up ?
Why invest months of boring , painstaking effort to express , in elegant LaTeX form , what would probably take fifteen minutes to explain to a colleague on a blackboard ?
How serious are we about scholarship being an eternal conversation that transcends time and space ?
The first time I saw a college library , I was eleven years old and attending a summer program at Bucks County Community College .
If you remember the scene from Disney 's " Beauty and the Beast " where the provincial Belle sees the endless shelves of books in the Beast 's library , you 'll know roughly how I felt .
Even though the Bucks library was tiny by research standards , nothing had prepared me for it -- certainly not my school library or the local public one .
I never knew that so many words had been written about such esoteric topics .
When I picked up a recreational math journal , and found an article about generalizing the Fibonacci sequence to " Tribonacci " and higher - order sequences , I felt like I was entering a secret world .
Granted , it might not be feasible for every elementary school on Earth to stock journals containing articles about the Tribonacci sequence .
The point is that today , in the Internet age , they should n't have to .
And yet , even as I write , much of the serious content on the Internet remains sequestered behind pointless , artificial walls -- walls that serve the interests of neither the readers nor the authors , but only of the wall - builders themselves .
If I have a medical problem , why can't I download the full text of clinical studies dealing with that problem ?
Why do so many researchers still not post their papers on their web pages -- or if they do , then omit their early papers ?
When will we in academia get our act together enough to make the world 's scholarly output readable , for free , by anyone with a web browser ?
Since this is a book review , at this point I have to level with you .
Apart from an excellent final chapter -- which describes the founding of the Transactions of the Royal Society of London , the world 's first scientific journal -- The Access Principle is an almost unreadably boring book .
Rather than try to explain why it 's boring , I 'll simply ask you to read the following two sentences .
The current state of serial indexing presents a particularly good reason for research libraries and professional associations , as well as individual researchers and journal editors , to work together on developing compatible distributed systems that greatly improve the comprehensiveness of indexing and promote universal access to research by placing at least this initial , discovery phase of scholarship squarely within the public sector of the knowledge economy .
Comprehensive indexing may be an area in which commercial and open access interests can coexist peacefully , complement one another , and even thrive and serve one another , as the future of scholarly publishing sorts itself out within this new digital medium .
( p. 187 ) Now imagine 243 pages of prose like the above , and you 'll understand why The Access Principle is n't going to fly off the shelves , despite the timeliness and importance of its message .
And yet , even if he seems physically unable to write one subordinate clause where five would do , I 'm grateful to Willinsky all the same -- for in The Access Principle , he 's given the open - access movement its first attempt at an intellectual foundation .
Now it 's up to the rest of us to supply the anger .
1 . Most journals do offer a proofreading service ; some of these have achieved legendary status for introducing more errors than they fix .
Maybe Grindhouse strayed too far from its base .
( See below for UPDATE . )
I received some very interesting info this weekend from the owner & programmer of the Clinton Street Theater , detailing how he tried in vain to convince The Weinstein Co. to allow his venue to play the pic .
The Clinton is a unique single - screen indie art house considered a true Grindhouse in Portland , Oregon .
( It just ran a film series that included original 35 MM prints of Switchblade Sisters , Crazies , and Spook Who Sat By The Door . )
Looking at the email exchange , I can see that TWC ’s branch sales manager Keir Gotcher kept giving The Clinton the run-around .
“ I wanted to give you some insight into Grindhouse being a flop , ” Seth Sonstein ( photo right ) emails me .
“ We begged The Weinstein Company for a print of this film .
In the end they would not give us a print .
Also , Dan Halsted runs the Grindhouse Film Festival out of The Hollywood Theater in Portland , and Weinstein would also not release a print to him .
( Dan knows more about Grindhouse films then anyone in the country . )
So I attest that the distribution was botched on this film .
When your local Grindhouse is n’t allowed to screen the Grindhouse , then you KNOW that there is trouble . ”
Sonstein said his theater and its audience were psyched when they first heard about Grindhouse and followed its progress from Day One .
“ Tarantino has been quoted many times as saying that everything he knows about film he learned in the Grindhouses of his youth .
When the release dates were announced , we started calling The Weinstein Company every week trying to secure the film .
At first they seemed interested , but soon after they stopped returning emails and calls and eventually [ gave it to ] Regal Cinemas , the largest corporate movie theater chain in the country , and the CineMagic , which is known for Sub Run and Bollywood films .
The Grindhouses across America are the exact opposite .
While people may need Regal so they can go see films like Wild Hogs and Norbit , they will never catch a double feature of Foxy Brown and Black Samurai at the local Regal Cineplex .
Grindhouse , a film that is a throwback to the great Grindhouse films of yesterday , will not be playing in a Grindhouse . ”
I agree with Sonstein .
To not just ignore a movie ’s base , but actually rebuff it , makes no sense .
Nor can this be blamed on MGM .
Distribution for Grindhouse was taken over by TWC and the pic itself went out under the labels of both Dimension and TWC , the first time since the company ’s inception in 2005 .
( In fact , Bob Weinstein lamented to the trades that “ It ’s too bad it ’s not Miramax . ” )
Not only is Portland home to some of this country ’s great independent movie houses , but The Clinton has great street cred .
Built in 1914 , it ’s said to be the oldest continually operating movie house west of the Mississippi .
For crissakes , Gus Van Sant is a regular .
“ There is a passion at The Clinton to make sure the right films get their due , ” says Sonstein , who once threw a pie in the face of a local film critic .
“ Maybe we will have a Pam Grier double feature to make us feel better . ”
Later , Dan Halsted , organizer of the Grindhouse Film Festival , emailed me about his fruitless attempts to book an advance screening of Grindhouse .
“ I had a two day event lined up of 35 mm prints and trailers of some of the greatest Grindhouse movies .
The plan was to screen Grindhouse as the highlight and focus of the weekend .
I was paying for the entire event , so it would have been free promotion for the movie .
I bugged the TWC about it for months , but they passed on it .
I ended up just running a double feature on March 24th of some Grindhouse classics , and TWC said they still wanted to promote at the event .
They ended up just sending a couple of small posters , some passes to give away for an advance screening at a multiplex , and a trailer for the movie on DVD ( not even on 35 mm ) .
I went to the Grindhouse premiere at the multiplex a week later .
The auditorium was quiet , and people seemed bored and uninterested .
After the screening , I listened to the film critics talk of how boring it was , and I sat there knowing they would have had a completely opposite reaction if they had seen the movie at the screening I had originally planned .
This is a movie that is meant to be seen with an excited audience at a Grindhouse theater ! ”
USA TODAY / Gallup Poll Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,010 National Adults , aged 18 + , conducted May 4 - 6 , 2007 .
1 . Do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion of the following people ?
A. Hillary Clinton Favorable Unfavorable No opinion 2007 May 4-6 50 47 3 2007 Apr 2 -5 47 49 4 2007 Mar 2 - 4 54 42 3 2007 Feb 9-11 58 40 1 2006 Nov 9-12 53 42 5 2006 Jul 28-30 50 44 7 2006 Jun 23-25 51 44 5 2005 Jul 25-28 53 43 4 2005 Feb 25 -27 53 41 6 B. Al Gore Favorable Unfavorable No opinion 2007 May 4 - 6 49 43 8 2007 Apr 13-15 48 47 5 2007 Apr 2-5 50 44 6 2007 Mar 23-25 56 38 6 2007 Mar 2 - 4 55 39 6 2007 Feb 9-11 52 45 3 2006 Jun 23-25 48 45 8 C. John McCain Favorable Unfavorable Never heard of No opinion 2007 May 4 - 6 50 30 10 10 2007 Apr 13-15 51 32 6 10 2007 Apr 2-5 57 26 8 9 2007 Mar 23-25 51 28 9 12 2007 Mar 2 -4 57 25 9 9 2007 Feb 9-11 57 26 9 8 2007 Jan 5 - 7 48 24 13 15 2006 Nov 9-12 54 23 10 13 2006 Jun 23-25 56 25 8 11 2005 Jul 25-28 51 22 16 11 D. Mitt Romney Favorable Unfavorable Never heard of No opinion 2007 May 4- 6 24 22 39 15 2007 Apr 13-15 23 24 36 17 2007 Apr 2-5 25 21 37 17 2007 Mar 23-25 22 18 37 22 2007 Mar 2-4 23 19 41 17 2007 Feb 9-11 18 18 47 18 E. Fred Thompson Favorable Unfavorable Never heard of No opinion 2007 May 4 - 6 27 11 50 12 2007 Apr 13-15 25 13 48 13 2007 Apr 2-5 24 11 53 12 F. John Edwards Favorable Unfavorable Never heard of No opinion 2007 May 4 - 6 49 31 9 9 2007 Apr 13-15 52 31 6 11 2007 Apr 2-5 53 30 9 9 2007 Mar 23-25 55 25 8 11 2007 Mar 2-4 51 28 9 12 2007 Feb 9-11 49 31 12 8 G. Barack Obama Favorable Unfavorable Never heard of No opinion 2007 May 4- 6 50 24 13 12 2007 Apr 13-15 52 27 10 10 2007 Apr 2-5 49 24 14 12 2007 Mar 23-25 53 24 14 9 2007 Mar 2-4 58 18 15 9 2007 Feb 9-11 53 19 16 12 H. Rudy Giuliani Favorable Unfavorable Never heard of No opinion 2007 May 4 - 6 61 24 7 8 2007 Apr 13-15 57 29 6 8 2007 Apr 2-5 61 27 6 6 2007 Mar 23-25 60 26 6 7 2007 Mar 2 - 4 64 21 6 9 2007 Feb 9-11 66 22 7 5 2007 Jan 5 - 7 62 17 10 10 I. Tommy Thompson Favorable Unfavorable Never heard of No opinion 2007 May 4 - 6 14 15 55 16 2 . ( Asked of Republicans and independents who lean to the Republican Party )
Which of the following candidates would you be most likely to support for the Republican nomination for President in the year 2008 ?
BASED ON 427 REPUBLICANS AND REPUBLICAN LEANERS May 4 - 6 , 2007 Apr 13-15 , 2007 Apr 2 - 5 , 2007 Mar 23 - 25 , 2007 Mar 2 - 4 , 2007 Feb 9-11 , 2007 Jan 12 - 14 , 2007 Rudy Giuliani 34 35 38 31 44 40 31 John McCain 20 22 16 22 20 24 27 Fred Thompson 13 10 10 12 N/A N/ A N/ A Newt Gingrich 8 7 10 8 9 9 10 Mitt Romney 7 9 6 3 8 5 7 Tommy Thompson 2 1 2 2 2 2 2 George Pataki 1 2 2 * 1 1 3 Chuck Hagel 1 -- 1 * * 1 1 Sam Brownback 1 1 1 3 1 3 1 Mike Huckabee 1 2 1 1 * 2 1 Duncan Hunter 1 * 1 * 1 1 * Jim Gilmore 1 2 * * * 2 2 Tom Tancredo 1 * 2 1 1 1 N/ A Ron Paul * 2 2 1 N/A N/ A N/ A Other * 1 1 2 2 1 3 None 3 2 2 3 3 2 3 All / any -- -- * 1 * -- --
No opinion 7 3 4 9 8 7 10 Republican Presidential Nomination Preference ( Without Newt Gingrich ) : May 4 - 6 , 2007 Apr 13- 15 , 2007 Apr 2 - 5 , 2007 Mar 23 - 25 , 2007 Mar 2 - 4 , 2007 Feb 9-11 , 2007 Rudy Giuliani 36 38 42 34 49 42 John McCain 21 24 18 22 21 25 Fred Thompson 14 11 12 13 N/ A N/ A Mitt Romney 9 10 7 4 10 6 Tommy Thompson 2 1 3 2 2 2 George Pataki 1 2 2 * 1 1 Mike Huckabee 1 2 1 2 1 2 Chuck Hagel 1 -- 1 * * 1 Sam Brownback 1 1 1 3 1 4 Duncan Hunter 1 1 1 1 1 2 Jim Gilmore 1 2 * 1 * 2 Tom Tancredo 1 * 2 1 1 2 Ron Paul * 2 2 1 N/A N/ A Other 1 1 1 2 2 2 None 3 2 2 4 3 2 All / any -- -- * 1 * -- No opinion 8 4 5 9 8 8 3 . Who would be your second choice ?
BASED ON 427 REPUBLICANS AND REPUBLICAN LEANERS May 4 - 6 , 2007 Apr 13-15 , 2007 Apr 2 - 5 , 2007 Mar 23 - 25 , 2007 Mar 2 - 4 , 2007 Feb 9-11 , 2007 Rudy Giuliani 55 61 62 57 64 62 John McCain 37 41 39 38 42 47 Fred Thompson 21 19 16 16 N/ A N/ A Mitt Romney 20 15 12 9 14 11 Newt Gingrich 16 16 19 15 21 18 Tommy Thompson 5 4 6 5 4 3 George Pataki 2 6 4 2 5 4 Mike Huckabee 2 4 3 3 3 3 Sam Brownback 2 1 2 4 2 4 Chuck Hagel 2 * 2 1 1 1 Ron Paul 1 3 5 2 N/A N/ A Jim Gilmore 1 2 * 1 1 2 Duncan Hunter 1 1 1 1 1 4 Tom Tancredo 1 1 3 1 2 2 Other 2 2 3 3 3 5 None 9 6 4 7 1 3 All / any * -- * 1 -- -- No opinion 7 3 4 9 10 9 4 . ( Asked of Republicans and independents who lean to the Republican Party ) Suppose the choice for the Republican presidential nomination narrows down to former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and Arizona Senator John McCain .
Which one would you prefer the Republican Party nominate for president ?
BASED ON 427 REPUBLICANS AND REPUBLICAN LEANERS Giuliani McCain No opinion 2007 May 4 - 6 56 38 6 2007 Apr 13-15 57 39 4 2007 Apr 2-5 57 38 6 2007 Mar 23-25 54 39 7 2007 Mar 2 - 4 58 34 8 2007 Feb 9-11 57 39 4 2007 Jan 5 - 7 50 42 8 5 . ( Asked of Democrats and independents who lean to the Democratic Party )
Which of the following candidates would you be most likely to support for the Democratic nomination for President in the year 2008 ?
BASED ON 491 DEMOCRATS AND DEMOCRATIC LEANERS May 4 - 6 , 2007 Apr 13- 15 , 2007 Apr 2 - 5 , 2007 Mar 23 - 25 , 2007 Mar 2 - 4 , 2007 Feb 9-11 , 2007 Jan 12 - 14 , 2007 Hillary Clinton 38 31 38 35 36 40 29 Barack Obama 23 26 19 22 22 21 18 Al Gore 14 15 14 17 18 14 11 John Edwards 12 16 15 14 9 13 13 Joe Biden 2 1 1 1 3 1 5 Bill Richardson 2 3 2 3 1 4 3 Dennis Kucinich 1 1 * * -- * * Wesley Clark 1 1 3 1 2 1 2 Christopher Dodd * 1 * -- * 1 1 Mike Gravel * 1 1 -- 1 * N/ A Al Sharpton -- 2 * -- * -- 1 Tom Vilsack N/ A N/ A N/ A N/ A N/ A * * John Kerry N/ A N/ A N/ A N/ A N/ A N/A 8 Other 1 * 2 * 1 * 2 None 1 1 1 2 3 1 2 All / any -- -- -- -- * -- * No opinion 4 3 5 4 4 3 4 Democratic Presidential Nomination Preference ( Without Al Gore ) : May 4 - 6 , 2007 Apr 13- 15 , 2007 Apr 2 - 5 , 2007 Mar 23 - 25 , 2007 Mar 2 - 4 , 2007 Feb 9 -11 , 2007 Hillary Clinton 45 37 43 42 44 48 Barack Obama 27 29 19 24 27 23 John Edwards 14 19 18 17 10 14 Bill Richardson 3 4 3 4 2 5 Joe Biden 2 2 2 2 3 2 Wesley Clark 1 2 3 2 3 1 Dennis Kucinich 1 1 * 1 * * Christopher Dodd * 1 * -- * 1 Al Sharpton * 2 * -- 1 -- Mike Gravel * 1 1 * 1 * Tom Vilsack N/ A N/ A N/ A N/ A N/ A * Other 1 1 2 * 2 1 None 1 1 1 2 3 1 All / any -- -- -- -- * --
No opinion 4 3 7 5 5 4 6 . ( Asked of Democrats and independents who lean to the Democratic Party who named a candidate they support for the Democratic nomination in 2008 ) Who would be your second choice ?
BASED ON 491 DEMOCRATS AND DEMOCRATIC LEANERS May 4 - 6 , 2007 Apr 13- 15 , 2007 Apr 2 - 5 , 2007 Mar 23 - 25 , 2007 Mar 2 - 4 , 2007 Feb 9 -11 , 2007 Hillary Clinton 60 58 58 57 59 67 Barack Obama 46 46 36 42 43 42 Al Gore 31 28 29 32 34 26 John Edwards 29 32 32 30 21 26 Bill Richardson 5 6 5 6 4 7 Joe Biden 4 3 4 3 4 5 Al Sharpton 2 4 1 1 2 1 Wesley Clark 2 3 5 3 3 3 Dennis Kucinich 1 1 1 1 1 1 Christopher Dodd 1 2 * 1 1 2 Mike Gravel 1 1 2 * 1 1 Tom Vilsack N/ A N/A N/ A N/ A N/ A 1 Other 2 2 5 2 3 3 None 3 3 3 6 3 3 All / any -- -- -- -- 1 -- No opinion 4 3 5 4 7 4 7 . ( Asked of Democrats and independents who lean to the Democratic Party ) Suppose the choice for the Democratic presidential nomination narrows down to Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama .
Which one would you prefer the Democratic Party nominate for president ?
BASED ON 491 DEMOCRATS AND DEMOCRATIC LEANERS Clinton Obama No opinion 2007 May 4 - 6 56 37 7 2007 Apr 13-15 53 41 6 2007 Apr 2-5 61 33 6 2007 Mar 23-25 56 37 6 2007 Mar 2 - 4 56 36 8 2007 Feb 9-11 62 33 5 2007 Jan 12-14 53 39 8 8 . ( Asked of Democrats who support Clinton in head - to - head match up with Obama )
What are the main reasons you are more likely to support Hillary Clinton than Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination ?
BASED ON 265 CLINTON SUPPORTERS ( MoE : ±7 PCT .
PTS . ) 2007 May 4 - 6 2007 Mar 23 - 25 Clinton is more experienced 35 33 Like Clinton ’s views on issues / agenda 23 21 Clinton is a woman 17 14 Bill Clinton was president 10 9
Do n’t know enough about Obama / not familiar with him 10 11 Clinton is knowledgeable / intelligent 7 6 Clinton did a good job in the Senate / represented New York well 5 8 Clinton is strong / tough 4 4 Clinton has a better chance of being elected president 3 3 Do n’t like the way Obama has campaigned 1 * Race issue / country not ready to elect a black president 1 2 Other 7 4
No reason in particular 1 3 No opinion 1 2 9 .
( Asked of Democrats who support Obama in head - to - head match up with Clinton )
What are the main reasons you are more likely to support Barack Obama than Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination ?
BASED ON 194 OBAMA SUPPORTERS ( MoE : ±8 PCT .
PTS . ) 2007 May 4 - 6 2007 Mar 23 - 25 Obama is a fresh face / has new ideas 19 13 Agree with Obama ’s issue positions / agenda 18 18 Like Obama better / do not like Clinton 17 18 Clinton has too much baggage / do n’t want another Clinton 11 12 Obama has a better chance of being elected president 10 8 Obama is less divisive / polarizing than Clinton 9 7 Obama is honest 8 5 Obama ’s anti-war views 7 7 Country is not ready for a woman president 4 7 Obama ’s leadership skills / would unify country 3 4 Obama is intelligent / smart 3 3 Obama has done a good job in Senate / represented Illinois well 2 3 Other 1 5
No reason in particular 4 3 No opinion 2 2 For results based on the total sample of National Adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 427 Republicans or Republican leaners , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±5 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 491 Democrats or Democratic leaners , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±5 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
From a friend of IfP :
Hi , below is a link to a Google Video of the meeting in Olympia on 2/20 calling for support of SJM # 8016 offered by Eric Oemig .
There are ALSO other videos BELOW that are dedicated to each featured speaker at that meeting ( Elizabeth de la Vega , David Lindorff , Ray McGovern .. plus a question and answer session with the speakers ) .
Please pass this email around [ [ email protected ] ] , paste these links elsewhere , or imbed them into your blog locations and is meant to be sent as an invitation to any and all who can make their voices heard by attending the rally and / or contacting their representatives here in Washington state .
There ’s going to be a rally before these hearings on the Capitol steps @ 1 pm .
The Senate Committee hearing is scheduled to be on March 1 , 2007 @ 3:30 p.m. in the Cherberg Bldg , Room # 2 .
… if this bill does n’t make it out of this hearing … that will happen because WE did n’t gather enough support to have these officials convinced that this is IMPORTANT to the restoration of Democracy in our country .
We have to start somewhere and here is our opportunity .. let ’s not let it slip by …
PLEASE SHARE THESE VIDEO CLIPS WIDELY …..
Olympia , WA : Feb 20 , ’07 Meeting with Senator Eric Oemig
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=7706406299317095493&q=feb+20+olympia
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Additional Videos
Olympia , WA : Feb 20 , ’07 Ray McGovern Speaks
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-6013396573636090494&hl=en
Olympia , WA : Feb 20 , ’07 Elizabeth
De la vega Speaks
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3356881798750932893&hl=en
Olympia , WA : Feb 20 , ’07 David Lindorff Speaks
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2425020040101863022&hl=en
Olympia , WA : Feb 20 , ’07 Q & A with R. McGovern , D. Lindorff , and E .
De la vega
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-2131926702984652963&hl=en
10 Ways The Nokia N800 Is Better Than Apple 's iPhone
Looking for the N900 ?
Find out how it ’s also better than the iPhone !
New article here .
1. Price
Nokia N800 : $ 399
Apple iPhone : $ 499 or $ 599 ( Plus 2 year Cingular service contract )
2. Open Source
The iPhone is far from open .
We ’re still not sure what Steve Jobs meant when he said that the iPhone runs “ OS X ” , but it ’s most certainly not the full - blown “ Mac OS X ” that comes on a new Macbook .
While the core of the phone ’s OS may someday be open sourced ( like Darwin ) , it ’s highly unlikely that Apple will ever open source the entire OS or even share the iPhone APIs that would allow developers to make new iPhone apps .
3. Third Party Applications
Apple has stated that they will not allow 3rd party applications on the iPhone .
Apple want ’s to control everything from the top down .
They ’re not even supporting Flash or Java ( I guess that would make it too easy for developers to bypass Apple ’s control and offer applications for the iPhone ) .
4. No Service Contract with Cingular Needed
To get an iPhone , you ’ll need to sign up for a 2 - year contract with Cingular .
Nobody knows exactly how much this plan will cost , but I ’m sure it wo n’t be cheap .
Data plans are traditionally extremely expensive in the US and I ’m sure Cingular and Apple will make loads of money overcharging customers for internet access .
The practice of locking mobile phones to a single mobile provider has become quite annoying in the United States .
While the rest of the world can freely change providers by simply swapping out a SIM card , US customers are usually stuck with multi-year contracts and locked phones .
Apple is continuing this tradition by locking all iPhones sold in the US to the Cingular network .
5. Removable Storage
Apple ’s iPhone has no removable storage .
This is probably by design as it helps justify a higher priced model with more memory .
6. Better Audio and Video Codec Support
The iPhone , like the iPod , plays only Apple sanctioned audio and video formats .
This means you can play content from the iTunes store as well as MP3 audio and MPEG video .
No streaming to the phone or playing competing formats .
7 . It 's Not a Cell Phone
Apple wants the iPhone to become the device that you always have with you .
That sounds great at first , but how long do you think it ’ll last in the New York subway ?
There are times when having a regular phone is more convenient .
Perhaps it will be possible to switch your SIM card from the iPhone to a secondary phone when needed , but Apple has n’t said anything about this .
8 . It is a VoIP Phone
With the iPhone , you will need to make all your calls via Cingular .
More money for Cingular and Apple .
9. Webcam for Video Conferencing
The iPhone has a camera , but no video conferencing .
10 . It 's Available Now
The Nokia N800 is available now at some stores and from Amazon .
You can order one today .
The iPhone should be available in June .
When in Mexico , the saying goes , do n't drink the water .
You should n't eat the spinach either because it could be contaminated with the E. coli strain that has sickened close to 200 people in the United States and killed at least one , likely more .
The problem is our food production system is so complex that most of us cannot be certain where our food comes from .
Even the U.S. government , after two weeks on the case of the spinach E. coli outbreak , has narrowed the source to , oh , somewhere in central California .
Gee , you think ?
California produces about three - fourths of the nation 's fresh spinach , and Salinas Valley accounts for about three - fourths of that .
These guys are sharp .
But they are n't looking closely enough .
Bad Medicine Bad Medicine appears each Tuesday on LiveScience .
Other naturally bad ideas :
There are two ways for the U.S. government to greatly minimize the risk of an E. coli outbreak : start supporting local farming and stop mass - producing cattle , the true source of E. coli .
Neither will happen soon , however , because it infringes on the American pursuit of cheap , crappy food .
You excrete billions
E. coli , short for Escherichia coli , is a bacterium with hundreds of strains , most of which are relatively harmless in healthy individuals .
E. coli is ubiquitous is the guts of cows and humans and is spread from cow to cow and from human to human through feces .
Humans excrete billions of E. coli bacteria with each bowel movement , which is why hand - washing is so important .
Cows do n't have the luxury of hand - washing .
When they are cramped into pens , ankle - deep in the manure of hundreds to thousands of cows , E. coli tends to spread .
Bacteria can splash up on udders and get into milk ; or get into intestines and contaminate meat during the slaughtering process ; or pass through the cow in manure and ultimately end up on crops directly as fertilizer or indirectly by leaching into the water supply .
Most E. coli outbreaks in the United States are caused by a particular virulent and deadly strain called O157:H7 .
If you eat , you are at risk .
Meat eaters are at risk because most beef is loaded with harmful bacteria , often the bad E. coli , and needs to be cooked .
Vegetarians are n't spared , as evidenced by the spinach E. coli outbreak .
Organic consumers are n't spared ; organic spinach can have E. coli .
And raw food advocates are most certainly at risk , because cooking is the best way to kill the bacteria .
Local food is best
It 's September .
Every state in the union can grow spinach .
In fact , spinach is largely a cool - weather spring and fall crop .
Why is California growing all of our spinach ?
At work are the perverse forces of economic markets , not the forces of nature .
The U.S. food production system has been fined - tuned to maximize profits for a small group of farmers , often corporations , holding vast acres of land .
Spinach from small , local farms could very well be contaminated with E. coli O157:H7 .
It simply would n't spread to other states , or to other cities for that matter .
Health authorities would be able to identify the source of the bad E. coli within hours .
And tons of safe spinach sold around the country would n't need to be recalled " just in case , " as is the case now .
Small - scale farming inherently means fewer hands and fewer opportunities for contamination --- bacterial , viral or parasitic --- from field to fork .
So while the small , local guys are n't immune to the kind of contamination problems that plague the big guys , the odds are in their favor .
Big , fat cows
While some food safety experts are unfairly bashing organic farmers and their reliance on manure for fertilizer , the real culprit behind E. coli outbreaks is the industrial beef and cattle industry .
First , certified organic farmers are prohibited from using raw manure for 90 days before harvest of food for humans .
Second , most organic farmers compost their manure , which kills most E. coli .
Industrial beef and dairy farms are disease - ridden cesspools .
A growing body of evidence suggests that corn-fed cattle have higher counts of E. coli O157:H7 compared to free - range , grass - fed cattle , which seem largely free from this bacterium .
The reason is twofold : Free - rangers come in less contact with each others ' manure compared to stressed - out cattle packed in feeding lots ; and corn makes the cow 's stomach juices more acidic , which gives rise to the acid- loving O157:H7 strain .
Also , mega - farms cannot get rid of their tons of O157 : H7 - rich manure .
This sits in cesspools and ultimately contaminates the surrounding environment .
Switching back to free - range , grass - fed cattle would solve this problem .
But beef would be more expensive , and some view this as a bad thing despite the epidemic of obesity and diabetes and the clear link between high beef consumption and colon cancer .
Zap those buggers
Look for Band - Aid solutions touted in the weeks to come , such as irradiation , with its cute , deceptive nickname of cold pasteurization .
Irradiation entails zapping food with gamma rays , X - rays or electrons to deactivate harmful bacteria along with other stuff helpful in the food , like vitamins .
But with the unnatural process of irradiation , we can continue the unnatural but cheap practice of feeding cows corn , which they can't digest , so we can continue the unnatural process of consuming lots and lots of this modern invention called the cow .
Then maybe we can counter any adverse human health effects with expensive surgery or drug therapy .
It 's the American way .
Christopher Wanjek is the author of the books “ Bad Medicine ” and “ Food At Work . ”
Got a question about Bad Medicine ?
Email Wanjek .
If it ’s really bad , he just might answer it in a future column .
Bad Medicine appears each Tuesday on LIveScience .
Related Stories
More to Explore
From funny to nerdy in 2.5 zeptoseconds April 7 , 2007
So I ’ll spare the blogosphere any additional , ill - formed pontifications for the day and simply share with you my top seven physics cartoons .
Why seven you ask , as opposed to the canonical 10 ?
Well the short answer is , I could n’t find 10 that were notable enough .
The long answer is too long , but suffice it to say that seven has lots of nice features .
Not only has its glyph stayed relatively constant since it was first used by the Hindus , but it ’s also the number of spots found on a common ladybug .
___________________________________________________________________________________
The solution to failing schools …?
How ( more than ) half of all theoretical high - energy particle physicists end up :
In typically Gary Larson fashion , this one speaks for itself :
Yet another reason why not to trust an experimentalist with a cat ( or anything else that breathes ) :
Alex Kusenko ended his talk at UC Irvine on sterile neutrinos with this very apropos cartoon :
And of course , a very elegant and general method for solving any physics problem :
Okay , the last one is n’t really a cartoon , but it ’s just too amusing not to put on the list .
Someone actually put that on an exam !
Zero points is a little harsh though .
They should get a a point or two at least for having such an elegant and creative solution .
Earlier today , Logitech announced a new line of mice called , with sufficient bravado , Revolution .
Comprising a full - size home model , the MX , and a smaller ( though still sizable ) portable model , the VX , the Revolution line aims to , as the company so modestly put it , “ transform the experience of finding and manipulating the vast amount of digital content on a person ’s computer or on the Web . "
Now , I ’m generally not one to get excited about input devices .
Sure , after your CPU and display , they ’re the parts of your computer you use the most , and your choice of input devices can mean the difference between comfortable use and carpal tunnel syndrome , between productivity and plodding .
But to actually be excited about a mouse ?
Let ’s just say it takes more than cleverly - worded PR - speak to get me raving .
But after using one of these mice , the VX , for several weeks — one of the perks of working at Macworld is that we often get review units before products hit store shelves — I ’m nearly convinced .
Although the mice have a number of unique features , the one that ’s dramatically changed my mousing for the better is Logitech ’s new MicroGear Precision Scroll Wheel .
Unlike most scroll wheels , which are made of rubber or plastic , the Revolution mice use an alloy wheel that ’s significantly heavier .
But more important than what it ’s made of is how it spins .
As you ’d expect , the faster you spin the wheel , the faster you scroll — and this new wheel scrolls even faster than traditional models , letting you fly through pages with ease .
But the real innovation here is that the weighted wheel has a “ freewheel ” mode where a gentle flick of your finger spins the wheel freely , coming to rest only after its momentum dies ( approximately seven seconds ) or you manually stop it .
What ’s the big deal ?
I performed a simple experiment using a lengthy Word document :
With a standard scroll wheel , it took me over 60 “ scrolls , ” ratcheting along , to get from the beginning of the document to Page 25 ; so much effort that in real - world work , I ’d choose to reach for the keyboard or use the window ’s scroll bar instead .
With the Logitech mouse ’s freewheel , it took me just three spins .
Or consider a more common task for me :
When browsing the Macworld forums , using a standard scroll wheel to navigate a 100 - post thread is more trouble than it ’s worth .
With the Logitech mouse , a quick flick whisks me down the page at a surprisingly fast speed ; when I see what I ’m looking for , I place my finger on the wheel to stop it and the scroll stops immediately .
And scrolling through a large iTunes Library is also much easier with this new wheel .
But the appeal of the feature is obvious even when working with a much shorter document or viewing a much shorter Web page — a single spin , instead of many scroll - wheel rotations , moves you through the entire document .
Logitech got the feel right , too .
The amount of force it takes to spin the wheel is minimal ; the wheel is — and I ’m almost embarrassed to write this , as it sounds hokey when talking about a mouse — a pleasure to use .
( Note that the VX and MX work slightly differently ; I ’ve been using the VX while one of my colleagues is testing the MX . )
In fact , on those occasions over the past couple weeks when I ’ve had to use a mouse with a traditional scroll wheel , it ’s felt klunky and limiting — like going from a high - end road bike to a Big Wheel .
In my day - to - day computer use , which is admittedly far too extensive , this “ freewheel ” scroll wheel has been the biggest mousing improvement since the advent of the scroll wheel itself .
Sound like an infomercial ?
I can assure you that neither I nor Macworld is receiving so much as a dime for my apparent enthusiasm .
The truth is that although I ’m an editor at a tech publication , I ’m also a computer user , just like you , and sometimes a new technology comes along that ’s worth getting excited about .
We ’ll be performing objective reviews of these mice — their tracking , comfort , software , and so on — in the near future , but one thing is clear to me : Logitech is on to something here .
( And I ’m left wondering , “ Why did n’t anyone think of this before ? ” )
[ Dan Frakes is a Macworld senior editor who wishes his Kensington Expert Mouse trackball had a " freewheel ” scroll ring . ]
The evolution of the NetFlix envelope
The key to Netflix 's lean operations is its lightweight , versatile mailer .
Here 's how 7 years of tweaking paid off .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Business 2.0 Magazine ) -
When the DVD first came out , Netflix founder and CEO Reed Hastings had a key insight :
The plastic disc 's light weight and small size would make it cheap and easy to send through the mail , letting him create a cross between Blockbuster ( Research ) and Amazon.com ( Research ) .
By taking advantage of the U.S. Postal Service , it could send rental DVDs to customers through the mail - and accept returns the same way .
But before Netflix ( Research ) became a dotcom darling with millions of subscribers , it had to figure out the details of how to mail DVDs cheaply and economically .
Learning the ins and outs of the post office 's operations was key :
Every ounce of weight in the mailer added to postage costs - but if the mailer was too flimsy , DVDs broke in the mail .
Additionally , the mailer had to last long enough for reuse as a return envelope .
Years of experimentation went into creating the perfect DVD envelope .
In 1999 , Netflix started out with a heavy cardboard mailer .
With only 100,000 subscribers , costs were n't a concern yet .
Then the company experimented with plastic envelopes , which proved not to be recyclable , and padding , which added too much to postage costs .
Both top- loading and side - loading envelopes made an appearance .
Seven years of tweaking have paid off : Netflix 's low - cost mailers have helped it fend off competition from Wal - Mart ( Research ) and Blockbuster .
How well those iconic red envelopes will help the company fend off the newest threat - video - on - demand - remains to be seen .
For a gallery illustrating how the envelope evolved over the years , click here .
To send a letter to the editor about this story , click here
By Steve Rosenberg
BBC News , Oslo
In his tiny flat on the edge of Oslo , Paul Hansen shows me his family album .
It does n't take long .
He only has three photos .
One picture shows Paul as a toddler , the other two - the mother who abandoned him - and the father he never knew .
Gerd Fleischer and Bjorn Lengfelder are two of the Lebensborn seeking compensation
Paul was the product of a brief encounter between a Norwegian woman and a German soldier : a family history which was to make his life a living hell .
" At the end of World War II , I was locked away in a mental home , " Paul tells me .
" Later I found out it was because I was the son of a German soldier .
They called me a ' Nazi brat ' .
But it was n't my fault I was born this way .
Hitler , the war , none of it is my fault .
I was just a child . "
It was Adolf Hitler 's henchman , Heinrich Himmler , who had encouraged liaisons between German troops and Norwegian women : part of his plan to breed an Aryan master race of blonde - haired , blue - eyed babies for the 1,000 - year Reich .
They were known as the Lebensborn ( Fountain of Life ) children and - after the war - they became targets for revenge .
They were put in a tub and scrubbed down with acid till they had no skin left ' because we have to wash that Nazi smell off you '
Bjorn Lengfelder
Lebensborn
" In the Norwegian population , there was a hatred directed at us children , " explains Bjorn Lengfelder .
Bjorn is one of more than 10,000 Norwegians fathered by German soldiers .
He says he knows many cases of abuse .
" A small brother and sister , five years old , were placed in a pig sty for two nights and two days , " claims Bjorn .
" Then in the kitchen they were put in a tub and scrubbed down with acid till they had no skin left ' because we have to wash that Nazi smell off you ' . "
Search for justice
Once too ashamed to go public with their stories , now 150 war children are demanding justice .
They have appealed to the European Court of Human Rights - accusing the Norwegian state of discrimination .
We feel that justice cannot be done without an economic compensation .
Words are very cheap
Gerd Fleischer
Lebensborn
Eight of the group attended the packed hearing on Thursday in Strasbourg .
As their stories of abuse were read out to the court , some of the former Lebensborn children sat in tears .
Historian Lars Borgesrud was commissioned by the Norwegian government to research the war children 's stories .
He has convinced they have suffered state discrimination .
" Between 1946 - 1958 special rules and regulations in social laws were adopted , which actually excluded sections of war children and created poor economic conditions for these children . "
Norway has offered limited compensation in the past .
But the authorities are still refusing to take the blame .
" The government has acknowledged that several war children have been subject to harassment in society , " says government lawyer Thomas Naalsund .
" But it is highly difficult to say now , 50 years later , that the government was responsible for these events . "
' German whore '
Deep underground in Norway 's national archive , I accompany former war child Gerd Fleischer as she hunts for her Nazi-era Lebensborn file .
Norwegian offspring of German fathers were part of a " master race " plan
This is how Gerd began her life - as a four digit number in a Nazi experiment , filed away in the list of the chosen .
The file contains bills showing how the Nazis covered the midwife bill when Gerd was born , just because her father was a German soldier .
But after the war , Gerd joined the ranks of the hated .
At school , she was branded a " German whore " .
At home , she was beaten by her step father for being a Nazi child .
She believes the state must be made to pay for the way she was treated .
" Norway is a stinking rich oil nation , " Gerd tells me .
" We feel that justice can not be done without an economic compensation .
Words are very cheap . "
Only then - Gerd believes - can Norway 's war children finally gain their self - respect , after 60 years living in fear and in shame .
O MY GOD PHOTOSHOP !!!
Reply
Thread
Link
you 're supposed to post the before pic before the after one , you dig ?
Reply
Thread
Link
ahh your icon is amazing
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I looooooooooove your icon .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ur icon is so ~hypnotizing ~
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
your icon is giving me a seizure of happiness .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Still more icon love . < 3
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOL they took kelly 's thighs from size 10 to size 6
and penelope was perfect even before < 3
Reply
Thread
Link
yeah penelope does n't need airbrushing .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
seriously .
i think penelope actually looks almost BETTER before .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
agree with you on the penelope .
she is fucking hot .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I dunno they enhanced Penelope 's cleavage quite a bit ...
Or her right breast at least .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I agree , Penelope looks gorgeous in her before picture !
She 's perfection < 333
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
PENELOPE CRUZ IS THE FUCKING HOTTEST THING EVER
i just watched volver
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
They sure did .
My size 10 thighs and I suddenly feel a lot better about ourselves .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
My size 12 thighs and I agree with you
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
She sure was !
Absolutely stunning !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
they have penelope a waist , but she looks so pretty before .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
And they made Eva 's thighs / ass bigger !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Penelope 's boobs look crooked in the first one .
lol .
They changed the whole neckline ... it looks like maybe the top just was n't fitting right .
They really overdid her face .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Naomi Watts looks so cute in the before .
I like her freckles .
Reply
Thread
Link
I was thinking the same thing .
I looked at her before shot and thought " It just looks like an Aussie womans skin to me , nothing wrong with that "
No need to photoshop our sunburnt skin and freckles that develop on freckles .
Aussie skin is PRIDE !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
That 's what I thought ... I like her skin in the first one ... has more color to it .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
IAWTC !
The after picture actually looks ugly .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I totally agree .
I wanted to lick her freckles during all the Mulholland Dr topless scenes .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
exactly her before shot is better than the after shot !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
srsly
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
penelope does n't even look bad in her before
Reply
Thread
Link
Penelope looked BETTER before
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
They just ditched the hair in her face , right ?
Or did they do anything else ?
I can't tell . :/
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
They evened out her breasts a bit , and made them look bigger .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
i think you put switched the before and after , but good post .
Reply
Thread
Link
mean girl squad !!
Strongbad FTW
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
you know thats scary what they can do , but what 's wrong with freckles ?
Reply
Thread
Link
total icon love !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Dude , freckles ftw .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Exactly .
Give me natural looking freckles over falsely porcelain skin any day . :\
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
iawtc
If I were a celeb and had to do a photoshoot and then saw the magazine I 'd be like wtf that 's not me that 's some hot flawless skinned clone !
Then I 'd be completely embarrassed because I did n't look like that yanno
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i call photoshop
Reply
Thread
Link
LOL
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
O RLY ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Kelly still looks purty in both .. :)
Reply
Thread
Link
some of these did n't even need airbrushing !
Reply
Thread
Link
Some of these just needed better photographers .
What I do n't understand is how dark the before pictures are , that 's not something difficult to fix with the camera alone .
Had they just done that most of the photoshopping would be unnecessary .
I love that they gave Eva curves , because we do n't already know she 's a tiny girl with no curves ...
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Your icons and everything are n't exactly ~fab~ though .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i love these sitse
Reply
Thread
Link
A few of them look better when they 're not airbrushed .
Example : Penelope Cruz .
Reply
Thread
Link
cameron and penelope both look better before .
and wtf is going on in the beyonce picture ?
she 's cutting chiles with a sword ?
Reply
Thread
Link
I think that pic is awesome !
Is it a sword or a machete ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
It 's a machete .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i'm guessing the pepper things are phallices and her cutting them shows ~empowerment ~
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i do n't get that pic at all .
i am hoping there 's some deep hidden meaning someone will explain
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
The Nicolette one is the worst ....
Eva Longoria
IS really pretty in person , though .
Reply
Thread
Link
I dont find her pretty without makeup tho
:/ but maybe it was just afew bad pics
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
agreed I saw those pics too and was shocked that she was n't that pretty without make - up
it 's amazing what make - up can do
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
The life with a minus that has been used up to the maximum in the account of many is only skimming from one in the second month , has become part of the style , the way of life of a large part of the population of the Republic of Croatia .
That ’s why people are looking for a top loan that will eventually bring their finances to the plus .
A few who will , of course , say that at the time he asked for the minus to approve , he intended to remain in the same and remain for months or years after ;
Most people then really believe that the minus on the card will be used for those , Do not give God the situation .
But because of insufficient planning ( or poor management ) , as well as the strong and long - lasting financial crisis whose consequences still feel , we now have a multitude of over - indebted citizens who can no longer turn to banks for any kind of top loan .
Loss of jobs , wage cuts and growth in living expenses have been wasting the budget of the citizens for the last few years – and today , when these same citizens are facing shortages and similar consequences of overcoming life cost over time , only non-banking credit institutions are providing relief from difficult situations that are endangered the existentialism of an individual .
That is why today are the most sought - after loans for fixed - term employees .
Good online loans bad credit : Get Started Here Today
A good online loan bad credit is just one of the many loan models that we at https://citrusnorth.com/
announced on the domestic market offer and includes a loan that everyone can get with a decent monthly income in one day – and pay what is growing and get rid of stress on the financial situation .
Just like other fast non -bank loans , the top loan can be requested and realized online in an incredibly short time ; and thanks to the minimum paperwork required by the client ’s homeowners , but also to the fast and efficient work of trained agents that lead you to the realization of the top loan .
For a top loan you will not have to collect a bunch of documentation and spend it on time and money that you do not have – a top loan can be in your account and 15 minutes from when a credit company receives your paper that consists mostly of three certificates ; copies of a personal ID , a copy of the current account that reads the one who submits the application for the top loan , and bank certificates of regular monthly income …
Take advantage of the top loan and monetize your account the same day
Some credit firm top loans will be approved even irrespective of whether these benefits are a result of your fixed salary or earning you a paid job , a study , and so on .
From the cash you need to fund your finances and settle the debts that are burdening you , you only share a few mouse clicks ; and since you email the credit card to the above - mentioned papers , the top loan will continue to be realized online , so you will not even have to leave the apartment until your cash is in your account !
In addition to the speed at which it is realized , the top advantage of a loan is that no one will look at your credit rating , require verification from your employer , and so on – this smaller , non-cash cash loan will be in your account for a while without any insistence on the terms
The contentious new film from American satirical documentary - maker Michael Moore had an emotional international premiere at the Cannes Film Festival yesterday .
The disturbing nature of Sicko , which deals with the failings of the American healthcare system , has been a closely guarded secret until now .
It focuses on the suffering caused to the nine million children living in the United States whom Moore says are left without any health cover because of the country 's reliance on private insurance .
' We are the last country in the industrialised world to have this system , ' the film - maker said after the screening .
' The poorest child in Britain has a longer life expectancy than the average American child . '
Moore 's style in this film is less confrontational than in his previous documentaries , Fahrenheit 9/11 and Bowling for Columbine , and he said this was a deliberate move .
' I wanted a different tone .
I wanted to show things a different way , ' he said .
' I started to think about the whole conceit about the audience living vicariously through someone on screen .
This film is a call to action .
It is not for Michael Moore to do it , but for the American people to do it . '
Moore said he had his own health cover through his union membership and that since making Sicko he has gone on a diet .
' I am actually a fairly skinny person from the Midwest , ' he said .
' But I am eating those things you call fruit and vegetables .
Inspired by the film , I have lost about 25 pounds in the last two months . '
The film has received extra publicity after a White House threat to Moore because he filmed part of the movie in Cuba - a place that is officially out of bounds for Americans because of the trade embargo .
' We are under investigation , ' explained Moore .
' Ten days ago I received a certified letter from the Bush administration telling me that I was under investigation for violating the US law that inhibits trade or travel to Cuba .
I had 20 days to respond and my time is up on Tuesday . '
He said his lawyers are concerned the government might try to confiscate the film or the sequences filmed in Cuba .
Producer Harvey Weinstein said he was backing Moore in defence of the film .
' They are going to sue .
We will just get more lawyers . '
Weinstein has been here before with Moore .
He produced Fahrenheit 9/11 and backed it when parent company Disney was not happy about its release due to its controversial content .
Weinstein has since set up his own independent company .
' I am nothing to do with Disney any more , so I do n't care about the government , ' he said .
Moore , who won the coveted Palme D'or at Cannes with Fahrenheit 9/11 , said that those who watch Sicko will see that the provocative trip to Cuba was not part of the plan .
In fact , he is shown taking American emergency workers who have untreated health problems to the country .
The sick workers had helped at the World Trade Centre on 11 September 2001 and , Moore argued , would have got better care than they were receiving in the US by visiting the Guantanamo Bay US base on the island .
He took them there but was turned away and then went to Cuba .
' The point was not to go to Cuba , but to go to American soil which happens to be in Cuba , ' said Moore .
He admitted to the assembled world press that the legal dispute has served to draw public attention to his film and said he was at a loss as to why the US government decided to act now .
Moore added that he and Weinstein were not yet considering the possibility of the film being confiscated before its American release date on 29 June .
' For that to happen in the United States would be an insane thing , ' Moore said .
One of the unlikely stars of the film is Tony Benn .
Moore says he first spotted the former Labour cabinet minister on an edition of Question Time on the BBC seven years ago .
' I did n't know who he was , but he spoke about student loans and said it would create a generation of wage slaves with debts .
He asked : " Why would n't employers want that ? " '
The film , its creator insists , is not partisan .
' It is not a Democrat film , ' he said .
' They have been bought too . '
His real enemy when he returns to the United States this week will be the health companies and pharmaceutical companies .
' They are not going to like this film and to some extent that might be a far scarier force than the Republicans and George Bush , ' he predicted .
Via CBSNews.com :
Today CBSNews.com informed its staff via email that they should no longer enable comments on stories about presidential candidate Barack Obama .
The reason for the new policy , according to the email , is that stories about Obama have been attracting too many racist comments .
" It 's very simple , " Mike Sims , director of News and Operations for CBSNews.com , told me .
" We have our Rules of Engagement .
They prohibit personal attacks , especially racist attacks .
Stories about Obama have been problematic , and we wo n't tolerate it . "
CBSNews.com does sometimes delete comments on an individual basis , but Sims said that was not sufficient in the case of Obama stories due to " the volume and the persistence " of the objectionable comments .
Read more ...
In the 1950s , sociologists coined the term “ homophily ” — love of the same — to explain our inexorable tendency to link up with one another in ways that confirm rather than test our core beliefs .
Those who liked Ike , in other words , liked each other .
The term did n’t catch on , but the concept is now enjoying a renaissance , in part because it has been repeatedly invoked to explain the American electorate ’s apparent polarization into equally self - regarding camps .
“ Similarity breeds connection , ” the sociologists Miller McPherson , Lynn Smith - Lovin and James Cook wrote in their classic 2001 paper on the subject , “ Birds of a Feather : Homophily in Social Networks , ” and “ the result is that people ’s personal networks are homogeneous . ”
This year , other academics have cited homophily in elucidating everything from why teenagers choose friends who smoke and drink the same amount that they do to “ the strong isolation of lower - class blacks from the interracial - marriage market . ”
Researchers at M.I.T. even published “ Homophily in Online Dating : When Do You Like Someone Like Yourself ? ” which showed that you like someone like yourself most of the time , online or off .
So much for “ opposites attract . ”
The Web site O’Reilly Radar , in its continuing discussion of technology trends , raised the question earlier this year of how to get opposites back into the equation .
In “ Homophily in Social Software , ” Nat Torkington , a trend spotter for O’Reilly Media , argued that “ homophily raises the question for social - software designers of how much they should encourage homophily and how much they want to mix it up . ”
Social - software designers are the people behind Web sites like Facebook and MySpace , which tend to bring birds of a feather together .
Meanwhile , chains of recommendations ( “ if you liked . . . ” ) on sites like Amazon reinforce our original preferences even as they claim to expand our horizons .
To counter the seemingly universal trend toward homophily , Torkington invited his readers to figure out how to create “ serendipity . ”
One information - technology specialist described a feature he would add to Facebook called “ the Stretch , ” which would help students “ find a group of people a little different ” from themselves .
Someone else brought up the online book cataloger LibraryThing ’s UnSuggester , which identifies the book least likely to share a library with the book you mention .
Senators seek lost Rove e-mails from White House adviser 's attorney Michael Roston
Published : Friday May 25 , 2007 Print This Email
This A pair of Senators wrote Thursday to a private attorney for Karl Rove and asked to receive a set of e-mails from the top White House adviser that were not properly archived .
" You stated publicly that Mr. Rove 's emails were turned over to U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald as part of the investigation into the leak of the identity of a covert CIA officer by officials in the Administration that led to the conviction of I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , " Senators Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) and Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) wrote to Robert D. Luskin of Patton Boggs , LLP in a letter sent to RAW STORY .
" Do you retain possession of this electronic media and will you provide the Committee with Mr. Rove 's emails related to our investigation voluntarily ? "
Rove has reportedly used e-mail accounts controlled by the Republican National Committee to write a large number of e-mails , which were not properly archived and permanently lost .
But significant e-mails were turned over to Special Counsel Peter Fitzgerald as he investigated the Valerie Plame Wilson leak case .
But , as the Senators ' letter reveals , Fitzgerald did not receive paper copies of the e-mails .
Instead , he was given electronic copies , which were reportedly return to Luskin .
" The Department 's response to the Committee , however , suggests that these emails were not in fact turned over permanently to Mr. Fitzgerald , " Specter and Leahy wrote .
" According to the Department , Mr. Fitzgerald only obtained access to the ' electronic media ' containing these emails to do a search for documents related to the Plame investigation and then he returned this electronic media to you in a sealed condition . "
The e-mails are sought in connection to the Senate Judiciary Committee 's investigation of the firing of 8 US Attorneys by the Justice Department .
Home Envisioning a New Language : A Conversation With Victoria Livschitz Metaphors attempts to address four topics essential to software development that are traditionally handled outside of the programming language .
The first is support for distributed runtime environment , which I just talked about .
The other three are ( a ) support for contextual programming , ( b ) support for autonomous executable entities , and ( c ) support for software evolution and reuse .
I am not sure what to make of this .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
See the great sights of the United States
Images of all aspects of the big day
Will these score a hole in one for you ?!
Free photos
Download free and premium stock photos and illustrations for websites , advertising materials , newspapers , magazines , ebooks , book covers and pages , music artwork , software applications and much more .
All our free images are of high quality , produced by our community of professional stock photographers and digital illustrators .
Royalty free photos for business and personal use
Our free photos and illustrations are ideal for business , personal and educational use .
Every image is free , with an option to buy larger images at reasonable prices .
A huge range of free images !
We have a huge selection of photos and illustrations .
Our most popular categories are pictures of people and business pictures .
Congressman Mark Foley ( R - Fla . ) , who co-chaired the House Caucus on Missing and Exploited Children and billed himself as an enemy of pedophiles and online predators everywhere , just resigned over e-mails and instant messages sent to underage male congressional pages who “ said the congressman , under the AOL Instant Messenger screen name Maf54 , made repeated references to sexual organs and acts . ”
Moreover , the Washington Post and the New York Times Sunday report that this information was known to the Republican leadership in late 2005 and widely available to top Republicans by last spring .
It ’s already clear that they were far more eager to retain Foley ’s House seat than do a thing about his gross dereliction of duty .
They did n’t even bother to remove him from his caucus on children .
In fact , they were so eager to keep the matter under wraps that they did n’t even inform Michigan ’s Rep. Dale E. Kildee , the sole Democrat on the House Page Board , set up to protect the congressional pages from just such advances , about the matter ( though Republicans on the Board were informed ) .
It ’s a remarkable , still - unfolding little tale of political hypocrisy that might even endanger House Majority Leader Dennis Hastert on the eve of the midterm elections .
In recent times , Congress , while not policing its own , has put much energy into the matter of the possible cyberspace stalking of the young by sexual predators at sites like MySpace.com , home to a zillion young “ friends ” and “ friends of friends . ”
As it turns out , these days there are predators of all sorts roaming the Internet looking to lure young bodies their way .
In the case of the Pentagon , which , Nick Turse reports , has only recently made its “ friendly ” debut at the wildly popular MySpace Web site , the interest in those bodies is n’t sexual , but  given the state of George Bush ’s wars in Iraq and Afghanistan  the phrase “ e- cannon fodder ” certainly comes to mind .
If you want to know more , check out Turse ’s latest below and then consider the deeper recruitment desperation of the Pentagon and the way it ’s transforming our military in his previous TomDispatch piece , “ Dirty Dozen , The Pentagon ’s 12 - Step Program to Create a Military of Misfits . ”
Tom
With Friends Like These
The militarization of MySpace
by Nick Turse
Those young years can be hard ones .
The acne , the awkwardness , the angst .
That may be one reason why , if you ’re between your early teens and your mid-twenties , you may already be making “ friends ” in the cozy cyber - confines of MySpace.com , the social networking Web site that bills itself as “ an online community that lets you meet your friends ’ friends . ”
At MySpace , each user can create a customized Web page or “ profile , ” upload photos ( only from your best angle and then photo - shopped to the hilt ) , blog around the clock , and  most important of all  court those “ friends . ”
In an eerie reflection of the very world many MySpace scenesters undoubtedly plunge into cyberspace to avoid , the measure of success at the site is how much you can increase your page ’s popularity .
You do this by posting attention - grabbing content , breathlessly soliciting other users , putting up provocative pictures to attract attention , sending out “ bulletins ” to your existing “ friends , ” and asking them to “ whore ” you out to their list of friends .
With its multimillions of “ friends ” to garner , the site is wildly popular  and not just for insecure teens , either .
MySpace has become a magnet for those who want , for one reason or another , to draw young eyeballs ( and often young pocketbooks ) .
Colleges , corporate products like Toyota ’s Yaris and the Honda Element , even fictional characters like Ricky Bobby from the movie Talladega Nights or fast - food outlet Wendy ’s minimalist cartoon pitchman Smart have already gotten into the MySpace act .
Early this August , the site hit a major milestone  100 million profiles .
Even including those corporate - sponsored sites and fictional pages , that ’s still a whole lot of would - be friends .
Recently , Fortune magazine reported that MySpace , bought up by Fox News mogul Rupert Murdoch in 2005 as part of a $ 580 million deal , “ passed Google in terms of traffic ” and now ranks second only to Yahoo in page views with one billion daily .
Already “ home to 2.2 million bands , 8,000 comedians , thousands of filmmakers , and millions of striving , attention - starved wannabes , ” the magazine reported that , on a “ typical day , ” it signs up 230,000 new users .
While the site ’s meteoric growth might be slowing of late , it has shown special skill in recruiting people since its launch in 2003 .
In the same years that MySpace has become an Internet superpower , the U.S. Armed Forces have sustained substantial losses .
Bogged down in unpopular occupations of two countries with no sign of victory in sight , the military has lowered its standards and now recruits , writes Brad Knickerbocker in the Christian Science Monitor , “ more soldiers from the ‘ lowest acceptable ’ category based on test scores , education levels , personal background , and other indicators of ability . ”
Little wonder then , with 80 percent of MySpace users reporting they ’re over 18 years old , that the military has set its sights on occupying some virginal virtual territory in its search for fresh - faced recruits who might be thrown into the Afghan and Iraqi breaches .
In February 2006 , the Marine Corps launched its MySpace profile .
A thoroughly predictable page , it boasts a streaming video that might best be termed boot - camp - on - speed  complete with clips of a stereotypical drill instructor barking out commands and a bullet - cam speeding toward a target on the rifle range .
The site even offers downloadable desktop wallpapers , mainly Marine Corps “ anchor and globe ” emblems or photos of World War II vintage Marines .
Conspicuously , there is n’t a modern image in sight in any way evocative of the war in Iraq ( deployment pressure from which recently caused the Corps to announce that it would force reservists to return involuntarily to duty due to a lack of volunteers ) .
By July , according to an Associated Press report , “ 430 people ha[d ] asked to contact a Marine recruiter through the site including some 170 who are considered ‘ leads ’ or prospective Marine recruits . ”
With Iraq sapping its strength , even those modest figures must be music to Marine Corps ears .
By mid-September , the Marines already had close to 21,000 MySpace “ friends ” endorsing their page , just below the 22,000 garnered by the “ unauthorized ” Noam Chomsky page and way below Yaris ’ 70,000 .
But a respectable number nonetheless .
In August , not to be left out , the Air Force launched its own page .
Along with the already requisite downloadable wallpapers , the Air Force offered youthful visitors the opportunity to click to chat with an Air Force “ adviser . ”
Col. Brian Madtes , the Air Force Recruiting Service ’s Strategic Communications director , was blunt about the reasons in an “ interview ” with the Air Force ’s own news agency : “ In order to reach young men and women today , we need to be in tune and engaged in their circles .
MySpace.com is a great way to get the word out to the public about the amazing things people are doing in the Air Force . ”
One - upping the Marines , the Air Force also launched a cross-promotional effort with the Fox network television show Prison Break .
Visitors to its MySpace profile page were offered five slick “ rough cuts ” of Air Force commercials on which to vote their preferences .
The winning ad ran during the Sept. 18 episode of the prison - escape drama .
The next day , in an abrupt about - face , the Air Force shut down its MySpace page over “ concerns that association with inappropriate content might damage the service ’s reputation . ”
As Madtes told the Air Force Times , “ The danger with MySpace is we got to the point where we were n’t real comfortable with the potential for inappropriate content to be posted [ on the page of ] a friend of a friend .
We did n’t want to be associated with that and tarnish our reputation . ”
In February of this year , the Army also expressed reservations over MySpace , and canceled an advertising contract with the site after just one month , due to reports of “ child predators approaching youths via the site . ”
In fact , MySpace is entangled in a $ 30 million lawsuit brought by a “ 14 - year - old girl who says she was sexually assaulted by another user of MySpace.com . ”
In a recent speech , Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales called attention to an incident in which a man “ used ‘ MySpace.com ’ to lure an 11 - year - old girl into having illicit sexual relations , ” and the House of Representatives passed a measure to ban MySpace.com and other social networking sites from schools and libraries , by a lopsided 410 to 15 .
This summer , an Army sergeant , based in Fort Drum , N.Y. , was caught in a sting operation soliciting a sheriff ’s detective , posing as a 15 - year - old girl on MySpace , for sex .
He pleaded guilty to “ criminal solicitation and attempted rape in the third degree . ”
Despite these developments and the Air Force ’s hasty withdrawal , the Army has decided to embrace MySpace in a bigger way .
In early November , it ’s slated to launch a profile , according to Louise W. Eaton , the service ’s advertising media and web chief .
The change of heart occurred , she said , when they received “ a lot of assurances from MySpace that they ’re taking a more proactive approach to controlling the environment and protecting the privacy of people under 18 . ”
In a phone interview with TomDispatch , Eaton said that MySpace production teams are working with Army Web designers and a team from McCann Erickson , the Army ’s ad agency , to create an interactive site complete with downloads , videos , access to blogs , an RSS feed , and “ several ways to contact a recruiter . ”
While the Army ’s designers are primarily after the eyeballs of 17 - 24 year old “ enlistment prospects , ” she recognizes that a younger set may also be taking a look .
“ It ’s alright for younger people to see it , it ’s not propaganda , ” she commented .
According to Eaton , the Army ’s MySpace.com profile page is entirely devoted to shuttling people to its official GoArmy Web site .
Taking a page from Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld ’s book , she defines success  in this case online , not in Iraq  in terms of “ metrics . ”
For her , three are key : page views , people who contact the Army for “ more information , ” and traffic to GoArmy.com .
“ We ’ll be very interested to see how many people register as our friend , ” she confesses , suggesting that she expects them to be “ very , very , very many in number . ”
MySpace proved impossible to contact on their work with the military , refusing to respond to multiple messages , but Eaton was expansive when it came to what was on the Army ’s future online drawing board .
Her service , she assured me , was “ not just interested in the enlistment prospects , the young people .
We ’re also interested in their parents . ”
Unlike the military ’s debut on MySpace , this is n’t in itself news .
After all , the Army already had parents in its online sights last year through TodaysMilitary.com , a slick Web site that professes to “ to educate parents and other adults about the opportunities and benefits available to young people in the Military today ” with nary a mention of war , injury , or death .
What is news is the Army ’s coming venture in targeting grown - ups through America Online , where it will launch “ a social networking site for parents . ”
The Army ’s eyes are also on “ the blogosphere . ”
Eaton notes that “ many , many military people unofficially participate and we ’re studying that and trying to figure out where to go with that . ”
And do n’t forget about YouTube.com , a video - posting site that bills itself as “ a consumer media company for people to watch and share original videos worldwide through a Web experience . ”
“ You Tube is doing some cool things , ” says Eaton .
“ We do n’t know where it ’s going to go , but we ’re watching it closely . ”
Even while meeting its current recruiting goals this year , the military is feeling the heat and pulling out all the stops to attract potential recruits and fill the ranks .
Like their sponsorships of the Professional Bull Riders , the Professional Rodeo Cowboys ’ Association , and NASCAR , and their use of specially engineered video games and snazzy television commercials , the Pentagon ’s new focus on finding “ friends ” on social - networking sites is a symptom of how hard - pressed its officials really are .
Increasingly desperate to recruit and retain bodies , the military continues to invade new media territory , from text - messaging to Pentagon podcasting .
Today , sexual predators are n’t the only ones trolling the Internet for young bodies .
MySpace claims to be taking steps to safeguard children from a certain type of cyber - stalker , while , at the same time , facilitating the efforts of another group just as interested in putting those young bodies in truly uncomfortable situations .
With MySpace “ friends ” like these , who needs enemies ?
After all , what kind of “ friend ” looks to enlist you in a potentially life - threatening enterprise already considered a catastrophe by most Americans ?
The militarization of MySpace is just the latest Pentagon effort to occupy a new realm that will put the military product in front of ever more young eyes .
The role of “ friendly ” MySpace.com , taking a desperate military ’s money to target their hordes of young friends searching for popularity online , is troubling .
But it ’s also typical of the business side of the military - corporate complex , because it ’s the civilian firms  producing everything from weapons to Web sites  that allow the military to function as it does .
In the case of MySpace , the friendly firm is deeply involved in producing the Army ’s page and will , says Eaton , be “ doing the daily maintenance ” on it .
If bios at the site are to be believed , there are young Iraqis on MySpace .
What if you , an American kid with an Iraqi MySpace “ friend , ” check in with that friendly Marine Corps recruiter , enlist , and are sent to Iraq by your MySpace military “ friend , ” and the latter “ friend ” calls on you to kill the former ?
Does MySpace have any reservations about setting up a system where such a scenario could become a reality ?
Nick Turse is the associate editor and research director of TomDispatch.com .
He has written for the San Francisco Chronicle , the Nation , the Village Voice , and regularly for TomDispatch .
He has recently co-authored a Los Angeles Times series , The War Crimes Files .
An adaptation of his last TomDispatch article was just published in the San Francisco Chronicle .
Copyright 2006 Nick Turse
34 Comments :
I have seen many articles expounding on how software is not like bridge building .
They attempt to reason about the problem via poorly formed analogies and often miss the actual critical differences between software development and bridge development .
You will see things like the number of bolts and rivets compared to the number of lines of code .
You will hear about the size of the software problem space vs. the size of the bridge builder 's problem space .
But none of these articles has ever hit the nail on the head for me , so I thought I would draw an apt analogy that can help both software programmers and bridge engineers understand each other .
Imagine you are a bridge engineer and have been teleported to an alternate universe to build the Golden Gate Bridge .
You have things that look like beams , bolts , and welding torches .
You set out to build the bridge and one day your crew finally finishes it .
The first traveler gets on the bridge and drives across it , but he winds up in Des Moines , Iowa .
" What happened ? " you exclaim !
Your crew laughs at the traveler 's predicament .
" It must be a bork , " they say .
One of the crew goes out half way on the bridge , turns a bolt 90 degrees clockwise , and shouts back to send another driver across .
Another brave traveler , dubbed " beta - tester " for some reason , sets off across the bridge and finds herself in China .
The crew laughs heartily and shouts back , " Give it another spin ! "
With another 90 degree turn , and another brave traveler later , someone actually drives across the bridge into San Francisco as intended !
There is much cheering and the sound of the popping of the Champaign floats across the ocean .
Just then , you notice a Volvo trying to drive across .
You stare in awe at this strange universe wondering if the Volvo ever managed to get across .
You tap one of your crew in the back and ask , " Do you think the Volvo will get to the right place ? "
He drops both his Champaign glass and his jaw .
" VOLVO !!!! " he screams !
" No , No , NO ! " a crew member exclaims .
" Did n't you know your world had Volvo's ? " you ask .
" Of course , " he replies , " but we did n't think anyone would be foolish enough to try to drive it across the bridge !
" Flabbergasted , you wait for the inevitable .
Half way across , the poor Volvo starts to float off the ground .
It starts to spin over and over again .
Horrified , you ask , " Can we make it so we can allow Volvos to drive across after we rescue that poor soul ? "
" Certainly , " comes the reply of the crew chief , " but we 'll have to raise the entire bridge by another 4 feet .
We could either lift it from the bottom or just put an extra 4 feet of concrete on the surface of the bridge . "
You choose the latter option , saddened by the fact that your beautiful bridge now has a thick white coat of concrete to accommodate the simple Volvo .
Thinking your task has finished , you look forward to running far , far away from this universe and back into ours .
You then notice 2 cars starting to drive across the bridge in tandem .
A familiar feeling of dread fills you as you stammer out , " What happens if the bridge is used in parallel ? " " RUN ! " comes the screaming reply .
No longer questioning the logic of this world , you take off .
Looking back , you see a single bolt fall from the top of the bridge .
As it falls , it begins to absorb the bridge itself .
More and more of the bridge falls INTO the bolt .
The cars , bolt , and bridge are lost forever .
That is until the crew chief comes over to where the bridge was and pushes a button at the edge of the road .
The bridge instantly reappears .
He also posts a sign , " No driving on the bridge in parallel .
" Before finally finishing with this world , you turn to ask your crew how this universe works .
" It 's quite simple , " comes the reply .
" Any bolt , beam , or other bridge part can be a bridge to any other part of the universe .
It is even possible for a part to become a black hole leading to nowhere , as you saw . "
" Why do you build bridges then ? " you ask .
" We build bridges for the same reason you build bridges , because they are useful .
We cannot help the fact that our universe is very strange .
We envy your bridges that always lead to the same place and your parts that do not become black holes .
From what you told us of your world , your software builders are in the same situation as us .
Give them our sympathy and our camaraderie . "
With that , you return home with a far greater appreciation of what your programmer friends have to go through .
Thus ends our journey to the alternate dimension .
Unfortunately for software developers , this place actually exists for us .
The Halting Problem shows that we can never be certain of any result about any computation .
It may run properly , it may become an endless loop , or it may give the completely wrong result .
Adding concurrency adds on even more uncertainty into the situation .
And we can PROVE this logically .
There is no escape from the Halting Problem weirdness .
Every single line of code added may blow up the bridge , dump you in China , or create a black hole .
THAT is the real bridge to programmer metaphor .
And it is why software development will always be hard .
Now to help you all remember allow me to coin Gleason 's Law :
" Any sufficiently complex software is indistinguishable from magic . "
Post a Comment
Academics are increasingly putting their papers online
Last month five leading European research institutions launched a petition that called on the European Commission to establish a new policy that would require all government - funded research to be made available to the public shortly after publication .
That requirement - called an open access principle - would leverage widespread internet connectivity with low - cost electronic publication to create a freely available virtual scientific library available to the entire globe .
Despite scant media attention , word of the petition spread quickly throughout the scientific and research communities .
Within weeks , it garnered more than 20,000 signatures , including several Nobel prize winners and 750 education , research , and cultural organisations from around the world .
In response , the European Commission committed more than $ 100 m ( £ 51 m ) towards facilitating greater open access through support for open access journals and for the building of the infrastructure needed to house institutional repositories that can store the millions of academic articles written each year .
The European developments demonstrate the growing global demand for open access , a trend that is forcing researchers , publishers , universities , and funding agencies to reconsider their role in the creation and dissemination of knowledge .
Access denied
Cancer patients seeking information on new treatments or parents searching for the latest on childhood development issues were often denied access to the research they indirectly fund through their taxes
Michael Geist
In many countries , government funding agencies in the sciences , social sciences , and health sciences dole out hundreds of millions of dollars each year to support research at national universities .
University researchers typically published their findings in expensive , peer - reviewed publications , which were purchased by those same publicly - funded universities .
The model certainly proved lucrative for large publishers , yet resulted in the public paying twice for research that it was frequently unable to access .
Cancer patients seeking information on new treatments or parents searching for the latest on childhood development issues were often denied access to the research they indirectly fund through their taxes .
The emergence of the internet dramatically changes the equation .
Researchers are increasingly choosing to publish in freely available , open access journals posted on the internet , rather than in conventional , subscription - based publications .
Electronic copies
The Directory of Open Access Journals , a Swedish project that links to open access journals in all disciplines , currently lists more than 2,500 open access journals worldwide featuring a library in excess of 127,000 articles .
Moreover , the cost of establishing an open access journal has dropped significantly .
University of Southampton mandates electronic copies
Aided by the Open Journal System , a Canadian open source software project based at Simon Fraser University in British Columbia , more than 800 journals , many in the developing world , currently use the freely available OJS to bring their publications to the internet .
For those researchers committed to traditional publication , open access principles mandate that they self - archive their work by depositing an electronic copy in freely available institutional repositories shortly after publication .
This approach grants the public full access to the work , while retaining the current peer - reviewed conventional publication model .
While today this self - archiving approach is typically optional , a growing number of funding agencies are moving toward a mandatory requirement .
These include the National Institutes of Health in the US , the Wellcome Trust in the United Kingdom , and the Australian Research Council .
Moreover , some countries are considering legislatively mandating open access .
For example , last year the Federal Research Public Access Act was introduced in the US Congress .
If enacted , the bill would require federal agencies that fund over $ 100 m in annual external research to make manuscripts of peer - reviewed journal articles stemming from that research publicly available on the internet .
Countering open access
Notwithstanding the momentum toward open access , some barriers remain .
First , many conventional publishers actively oppose open access , fearful that it will cut into their profitability .
Indeed , soon after the launch of the European petition , Nature reported that publishers were preparing to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to counter open access support with a message that equates public access to government censorship .
Second , many universities and individual researchers have been slow to adopt open access with only a limited number of universities worldwide having established institutional repositories to facilitate deposit of research by their faculty .
The University of Southampton and Brunel University School of Information Systems are the only two UK universities to establish both a repository and a policy requesting that faculty submit electronic copies of all publications .
Third , many government funding agencies around the world are uncertain about adopting open access mandates .
The failure to lead on this issue could have long - term negative consequences for global research .
Given the connection between research and economic prosperity , the time has come for governments , their funding agencies , and the international research community to maximise the public 's investment in research by prioritising open access .
Michael Geist holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E- commerce Law at the University of Ottawa , Faculty of Law .
General Petraeus : Iraqis will have to ' learn to live ' with ' sensational attacks '
RAW STORY
Published : Sunday April 22 , 2007 Print This Email This America 's top general in Iraq , David Petreaus , has noted that the " surge " has achieved " modest progress , " but is not convinced it will bring lasting success , reports the Washington Post .
" Assessing the first two months of the U.S. and Iraqi plan to pacify the capital , senior American commanders -- including Petraeus ; Adm. William J. Fallon , head of U.S. forces in the Middle East ; Lt. Gen. Raymond T. Odierno , commander of military operations in Iraq ; and top regional commanders -- see mixed results , " writes Ann Scott Tyson .
" They said that while an increase in U.S. and Iraqi troops has improved security in Baghdad and Anbar province , attacks have risen sharply elsewhere . "
" I do n't think you 're ever going to get rid of all the car bombs , " conceded Petraeus to the Post .
" Iraq is going to have to learn -- as did , say , Northern Ireland -- to live with some degree of sensational attacks . "
" A more realistic goal , he said , but one that has eluded U.S. and Iraqi forces , is to prevent the bombers from causing ' horrific damage , ' " continues the article .
Excerpts follow : # So far , the deployment of additional troops in Baghdad is only 60 percent complete , and incoming units in many parts of the city are still conducting initial , labor - intensive operations to " clear " neighborhoods before setting up patrol bases , a pillar of Petraeus 's counterinsurgency plan .
Iraq 's security forces have contributed the nine battalions pledged for the Baghdad operations , and rotate those forces every 90 days .
....
Another major concern shared by U.S. military leaders is whether the government of Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki is capable of solidifying gains in security as well as making the crucial political compromises needed to achieve peace .
" Will the Iraqis generate the capacity in their security forces and in their government to sustain this over time ?
That 's what keeps me up at night , " Odierno said .
Iraqi leaders " come from narrow political backgrounds . . . but now there is an expectation they will be able to make decisions well beyond the group they represent .
This is struggle for them , " Fallon said .
# READ THE FULL WASHINGTON POST REPORT HERE
Princeton University electrical engineers are using lasers to shed light on the behavior of superfluids -- strange , frictionless liquids that are difficult to create and study .
Their technique allows them to simulate experiments that are difficult or impossible to conduct with superfluids .
The odd behavior of particles in superfluids , which move together instead of at random , has been observed in light waves that pass through certain materials known as nonlinear crystals .
The team relied on this underappreciated correlation to use laser light as a substitute , or model , for superfluids in experiments .
Their results will be published in the January 2007 issue of Nature Physics .
Their work could heighten the current understanding of condensed matter physics as well as lead to advances in sensor technology , atomic trapping and optical communications .
" Once you realize you can use light to model a superfluid , a new world opens up , " said Jason Fleischer , a Princeton assistant professor of electrical engineering who led the team .
" An entire field of physics is interested in studying the dynamics of superfluids , but the experiments are difficult to do .
It 's a lot easier to conduct the experiments with lasers . "
Fleischer and Princeton Engineering graduate students Wenjie Wan and Shu Jia validated their technique by generating results that matched data from previous superfluid experiments .
They went on to study superfluid waves and interactions that had not been considered before , either theoretically or experimentally .
For instance , they explored the collisions of circular waves similar to those created by drops of water falling into a puddle .
" Shock waves are an example of a bigger picture idea , " Fleischer said .
He plans to explore other superfluid phenomena in future optical experiments .
The work was supported by the National Science Foundation and the Air Force Office of Science Research .
Wan , Jia and Fleischer .
Dispersive , superfluid - like shock waves in nonlinear optics .
Nature Physics .
January 2007 .
doi : 10.1038/nphys486 .
Fehlermeldung
Notice : Undefined index : und in _inw_videofield_add_meta( ) ( Zeile 156 von /var/www/florence.isnichwahr.de/htdocs/sites/default/modules/inw_videofield/inw_videofield.module ) .
私の好きな雑誌『暮しの手帖』がリニューアルされました。
広告を入れない方針をとる『暮しの手帖』のウリのひとつは歯に衣着せぬ「商品テスト」。
そのリニューアル号の商品テストが「 ＧＰＳ機能( 位置情報）のついた子ども用携帯をテストする」です。
これねー私知りたかったんですよー。ほら、あの原爆が近くで爆発してもぴんぴんしてるジャックバウワーががんばるドラマ『２４』見ても、ＧＰＳってすごい精度じゃないですか…（メディア悪影響論
笑）。ほんとにわかるのかなーって思って、友達に一度やらせてって頼んでみたんですが、嫌がられてたので諦めてたんです。ほんとはこういうのこそジャーナリズムがやって欲しいんですけどね。人文系でも「セキュリティ技術が発展してオーウェルみたいな世界がーorz」って、勝手に敵を作って大きくして悦に入る左翼的言説もいやんなっちゃうわんって思うんですよ。
『暮しの手帖』の、問いは 「 近年、子どもを狙った犯罪が多発していますが、ほんとに携帯で子どもが守れるのか」です。「
子どもを狙った犯罪が多発」という前提のところには突っ込んでませんが、私が「子どもを狙った犯罪が多発していると信じている母」だとすると興味がある話です。なんかお金もかかりそうだしね？持たせようかどうしようかと・・。
最終的には、記事を読んでて、そういう親でも「まだ持たなくていいのかな」って思うかなと思いました。非常にわかりやすい記事です。要約しつつ抜粋しますね。興味ある方はぜひぜひ本誌をご覧ください。
今、売られている子ども向けの携帯電話は、３つのサービス会社ですが（ＮＴＴドコモ、au、ウィルコム）、以下４つの機能を満たしているのはＮＴＴドコモのキッズケータイとauのジュニアケータイ。
１ 特定の相手にしか電話・メールをできなくする機能
２ ウェブサイトの閲覧を制限する機能
３ 携帯電話のある位置がわかる機能（位置情報サービス）
４ 防犯ブザー
このうち、子どもの安全や防犯に関わるのは３と４です。商品テストは３の「子どもの位置情報」がどれくらい正確にわかるのか、という視点で行いました。ウィルコムのパピポは「東京都新宿区西新宿付近」というおおまかな住所しか出てこないので（煩雑な手続きをすれば見えるが）テストから省く。
というわけでウィルコムは『暮しの手帖』判断で不合格。テストから脱落。厳しいですね『暮しの手帖』。
ドコモのキッズケータイとauのジュニアケータイの勝負になりました。
テスト方法、テスト場所、テスト結果の地図（実際いた場所と携帯情報が示した場所を記載）を掲載があって・・・。
結果は・・ 。
◎ ドコモとauの差 半 径５０ メートルの範囲内を示した回数
キッズケータ イ １００回 中６２ 回 ジュニアケータイ １００回中５６ 回
だいたい６割当たって、４割外れるようです
◎ 地下や屋内での検索で半径５０メートルの範囲内を示した回数
キッズケータイ ４５回中 １６ 回 ジュニアケータイ ４５回中 ７ 回
屋内や地下にいると精度がさらに落ちます。
『暮しの手帖』の評価は端的にいうと 「位置情報の精度には不満。だいたい子どもの居場所を捜すには５０メートルの範囲内でも難しいことがある。 」 でした。
さらに『 暮しの手帖』はおもしろい指摘をしています 。
「 横浜の通学路にある川沿いの道でのテストであったように、たとえ範囲内で検索できていても、川の中にポイントが示されたりすると、親としては気が気でなりません。ぎょっとするではないか。川でなくても、幹線道路の路上であるとか、工場の中であるとか、ただ近くを歩いているだけで、子どもが危険にさらされるような場所を示してしまう可能性は避けられません。対策は難しいのですが、せめて説明書にはある範囲内を示すものだということをもっと大きく書くべきでしょう。」
確かにぎょっとしますね（笑） なんか検索すると余計不安になりそうなんだなー、と。
最終的に は 「暮らしの手帖」は以下の提言をしています（が、安心機能は私はいらないなーと思った次第です）。
・ 位置情報の検索精度をもっと上げること
・ 防犯ブザーと位置情報を連絡の連動
・ 子どもの手のサイズにあった大きさ
・ 必要な相手にだけ、電話とメールができること
・ ウェブサイトの閲覧やゲームができないこと（電池がもったいないって話と犯罪に巻き込まれる可能性があるからっていう理由）
・ バッテリーの保ち時間を長くすること
こんなことも書いてました。
「 携帯電話のサービス会社には子どものうちから携帯電話に慣れ親しんでもらって、中学、高校になったら大人用の携帯電話を買ってどんどん使ってもらおうという狙いがあるのではないでしょうか。大人に携帯電話がすっかり普及した現在では、子ども市場はこれから売り込みができる市場だからです。」
一応料金の情報も 。
A Department of Justice report made public Friday highlights numerous problems with FBI 's use of national security letters ( NSL ) , a controversial legal device whose use was greatly expanded by the 2001 Patriot Act.
NSLs allow the FBI to demand customer records from credit bureaus , banks , phone companies , ISPs , and other organizations without judicial review .
The report by the Office of the Inspector General ( OIG ) , led by Glenn Fine , found that due to inadequate tracking and reporting systems , the FBI had significantly understated its use of NSLs in previous reports to Congress .
After auditing a small fraction of the NSLs issued , Fine 's staff found 22 irregularities , some of them quite serious .
That suggests that hundreds of NSLs have been issued in violation of the law .
Perhaps worst of all , the report finds that the FBI sent over 700 " exigent letters " to three unidentified telephone companies requesting them to expedite the process by voluntarily handing over customer data without waiting for a formal subpoena or NSL .
Superficially , the response to the report was unanimous : everyone from Attorney General Alberto Gonzales to Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy agreed that the report revealed serious problems at the FBI that needed to be addressed .
But there were a range of views about the broader implications of the report , with the White House stressing the importance of NSLs for its anti-terrorism efforts while civil - liberties groups called for sharply curtailing the use of NSLs .
Leahy promised to hold extensive hearings on the subject , and his Republican counterpart , Sen. Arlen Specter , said that the FBI had apparently " badly misused national security letters . "
National security letters explode
The FBI has had the power to issue national security letters since 1986 , but their use was originally limited to collecting information about individuals who were believed to be agents of a foreign power .
That changed with the 2001 Patriot Act , which required only that NSLs be " relevant to an authorized investigation " of international terrorism or foreign intelligence and that it not burden activities protected by the First Amendment .
National security letters require no judicial oversight .
High - ranking FBI officials have the authority to sign off on NSLs drafted by their subordinates , entirely bypassing the judicial branch .
Moreover , the original Patriot Act provision prohibited recipients from ever disclosing their receipt of an NSL to anyone ( under the 2005 reauthorization , the gag lasts for a year , but it can be renewed indefinitely at the federal government 's request ) .
Judicial oversight and free speech are fundamental to our system of government , so these provisions have generated quite a bit of controversy .
In 2004 , we reported on the ACLU 's successful effort to defeat an NSL issued to a New York ISP .
We 've also reported on an NSL challenge by Connecticut librarians , which ended last year when the government dropped the case .
But those cases are the exceptions .
The report found that the use of national security letters has exploded in recent years .
The FBI issued about 8,500 NSLs in 2000 , the last full year before the Patriot Act was passed .
Four years later , the reported use of NSLs peaked at 56,000 .
It appears that the vast majority of recipients turned over the records sought and kept quiet about it .
If recipients can't even talk about the letters they 've received , it makes it virtually impossible for watchdog groups or ordinary Americans to monitor the program for abuses .
Abuses of power ?
Luckily , Congress included a provision in the 2005 Patriot Act reauthorization directing the OIG to study the use of NSLs .
That report was released on Friday .
Taken individually , none of the problems the OIG found are grave threats to civil liberties .
But taken together , they paint a picture of an agency with poor record - keeping , inadequate safeguards , and a cavalier attitude toward the rights of ordinary Americans .
In short , the FBI does not seem to be the sort of agency we ought to be entrusting with unchecked authority to seize the records of American citizens .
Congress had previously required the FBI to submit classified reports to Congress every six months disclosing the number of NSLs issued .
But an audit of 77 case files showed that a significant number of NSLs never made it into the FBI 's centralized database , and others were not entered quickly enough to make it into the semi-annual report to Congress .
As a result , the OIG found that thousands of NSLs had gone unreported to Congress .
Overall , the report found that 143,000 NSL requests had been issued between 2003 and 2005 .
More troubling , the OIG found numerous examples of irregularities in the process of approving , issuing , and complying with NSLs .
The law requires that an NSL be " relevant to an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities , " but in some cases , the FBI issued NSLs not tied to any ongoing investigation .
In other cases , NSLs sought information that exceeded the FBI 's authority under the law .
And there were a large number of cases in which the recipient of the NSL provided the wrong information either based on typographical errors by the FBI or misunderstandings by the recipient .
The FBI had reported 26 such incidents to the Intelligence Oversight Board , which is charged with reviewing cases of possible violations of the law by intelligence agencies .
But in the course of examining the 77 case files mentioned previously , they discovered 22 more irregularities among 293 NSLs , none of which had been previously reported .
Extrapolating to the tens of thousands of NSLs issued over the last few years , this suggests that there have been hundreds of irregularities that have not been properly reported or investigated .
Perhaps most disturbing , OIG found that
On over 700 occasions the FBI obtained telephone billing
records or subscriber information from 3 telephone companies without
first issuing NSLs or grand jury subpoenas .
Instead , the FBI issued
so - called " exigent letters " signed by FBI Headquarters Counterterrorism
Division personnel who were not authorized to sign NSLs .
The letters
stated that the records were requested due to " exigent circumstances "
and that subpoenas requesting the information had been submitted .
In many cases , the telephone companies handed over customer records without waiting for the associated subpoena or NSL to be approved .
Moreover , some " exigent letters " were issued in circumstances that would not have permitted the use of national security letters .
And due to inadequate record - keeping , the FBI was " unable to provide reliable evidence to substantiate that NSLs or other legal process was issued to cover the FBI 's receipt of records requested in sample exigent letters . "
The FBI now acknowledges that these letters were improper , and has pledged never to use them again .
Mere administrative problems ?
The defenders of the Patriot Act have been quick to emphasize that the report found no evidence of malice or intentional lawbreaking in the use of NSLs .
This is true .
By all accounts , the problems OIG found were the result of honest mistakes on the part of FBI officials .
No examples were found of FBI agents using NSLs to spy on their ex-girlfriends or blackmail their enemies .
However , OIG teams only audited 293 letters out of tens of thousands that have been issued since the Patriot Act has become law .
It 's quite possible that a complete audit of NSLs would uncover deliberate lawbreaking .
And given the inadequate record - keeping procedures , it 's far from certain that even a comprehensive audit would uncover unlawful behavior .
Moreover , the argument for judicial review does not hinge on the assumption that government officials are corrupt .
Aggressive widespread use of coercive powers by well - meaning but overzealous officials can undermine American privacy rights just as effectively as actual corruption .
Law enforcement agencies can make honest mistakes .
Judicial review ensures that they do their homework before seeking to invade Americans ' privacy .
And even if today 's FBI is honest — and the OIG report gives no reason to doubt that it is — that does not prove that a future administration could n't use its powers under the Patriot Act for nefarious purposes .
One only has to remember the FBI 's abuses of power under J. Edgar Hoover in the 1960s to realize that this is more than a theoretical possibility .
A system that gives good FBI agents enough latitude to accidentally issue hundreds of NSLs that violate the law certainly gives overzealous or corrupt FBI agents the ability to flout the law deliberately .
It would be a mistake to wait until more serious abuses actually happen before requiring that NSLs be subject to judicial review .
The strain can be fatal if it is passed on to humans but experts said the outbreak was being contained and posed little danger to people .
A spokesman for Bernard Matthews , which runs the farm in Holton , said none of the affected birds had entered the food chain and there was no risk to health .
The 159,000 other turkeys on the farm will now have to be slaughtered .
The Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs and the European Commission carried out virus tests at laboratories in Weybridge , Surrey .
A three - kilometre protection zone and a 10 km surveillance zone will be set up around Holton , which is approximately 27 km south - west of Lowestoft .
It is the first case on a UK commercial farm of an H5N1 infection .
The strain has killed 164 people worldwide - mainly in south - east Asia - since 2003 .
However , the virus is not thought to be able to pass easily from human to human at present .
So far , all those who have been infected worldwide have come into intimate contact with infected birds .
Vaccinations
Fred Landeg , Britain 's Deputy Chief Veterinary Officer , said an investigation was under way but the most likely source of the outbreak was wild birds .
He told BBC News that vaccinations for poultry were not currently being considered .
" There are a number of problems with vaccination in that it takes about three weeks to get immunity . "
DEFRA CONTINGENCY PLAN
Full document [ 372KB ]
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need to download Adobe Reader .
Download the reader here
Mr Landeg said the turkeys at the farm had been too young to enter the food chain and no birds or produce had moved off the site .
Dr Maria Zambon , from the Health Protection Agency , said farm workers who had come into contact with infected birds , and those involved in the culling process , would be offered the anti-viral drug Tamiflu as a precaution .
She stressed that nobody had developed symptoms of bird flu following similar outbreaks among farm birds in continental Europe .
Vets were called to the Bernard Matthews farm on Thursday night .
The company said it was confident the outbreak had been contained and there was no risk to consumers .
National Farmers Union president Peter Kendall told BBC
News 24 the priority would be eradicating the outbreak .
" [ We will be ] making sure we get the message across about how well this will be managed and controlled .
" We 're encouraging all farmers to be incredibly vigilant , look at their flocks carefully and we do need to reassure consumers that this is not an issue about the safety of poultry - it 's completely safe to eat . "
Defra has revoked the national general licence on bird gatherings and bird shows and pigeon racing will not be permitted .
Detergent
Professor John Oxford , a virologist at the London Queen Mary 's School of Medicine and Dentistry , said he was confident the outbreak could be contained .
He said : " I do n't think it has made any difference as a threat to the human population .
The most likely explanation is that a small bird has come in through a ventilation shaft .
" One good thing about this virus is that it 's easily destroyed .
You can kill it with a bit of detergent . "
Dr Oxford also said that while four strains of the H5N1 virus have been identified so far , all are deadly to birds and show potential of being harmful to humans .
He said that identifying the particular strain found in Suffolk will help scientists work out how the disease is moving around the world .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The people most at risk are farmers and their families
Andrew Olgado , London
Send us your experiences Community in shock
In May last year , more than 50,000 chickens were culled after an outbreak of the H7 bird flu in farms in the neighbouring county of Norfolk .
One member of staff at the farm contracted the disease and was treated for an eye infection .
In March 2006 , a wild swan found dead in Cellardyke , Fife , was found to have the H5N1 strain of the virus .
For more information call the Defra Helpline on 08459 33 55 77
The second is the power vacuum that will be created in Washington if the administration is , indeed , collapsing .
The Democrats of Capitol Hill will fill that one .
And they seem -- and seemed in their statements after the president 's speech -- wholly unprepared to fill it , wholly unserious in their thoughts and approach .
They seem locked into habits that no longer pertain , and absorbed by the small picture of partisan advancement at the expense of the big picture , which is that there nation is in trouble and needs their help .
They are sunk in the superficial .
When Nancy Pelosi showed up at the White House Wednesday to talk with the president it was obvious she 'd spent a lot of time thinking about . . . what to wear .
She wrapped herself in a rich red shawl .
Dick Morris said it looked like a straitjacket .
I thought she looked like a particularly colorful mummy .
( 1 ) acknowledge ( reluctantly ) that the war is going very poorly and wrinkle one 's foreheads to show grave concern over the problem ;
( 2 ) oppose escalation ( but respectfully , acknowledging what a serious , thoughtful -- even resolute -- option it is ) ;
( 3 ) oppose withdrawal ( categorically , dismissively , snidely , as though any person with a grain of responsibility would never think of such a thing , given how patently reckless it is ) .
What is paramount , it seems to me , is a hard , cold - eyed , even brutal look at America 's interests .
We have them .
I 'm not sure they 've been given sufficient attention the past few years .
In fact , I am sorry to say I believe they have not .
Even though it is only mid-January , I am absolutely certain that Peggy Noonan , in today 's Wall St. Journal , wrote what will be the year 's most ironic column .
After sharing her dislike for the President 's speech ( " One could n't find the personal geography of the speech " ) and expressing some muddled , rationale - free resistance to the " surge , " Noonan laments that the real problem with the country is that the Democrats are so " superficial " :
In the very next paragraph -- the very next one -- this is her complaint about the Democrats : Seriously , how is it even possible that this thought did not occur to Noonan as she wrote her column : " My criticism of the Democrats is that they are so superficial and unserious , and to prove that , I 'm now criticizing Nancy Pelosi for her clothing choices .
I seem to be exhibiting , as completely and transparently as possible , the very flaw which I am attributing to Democrats . "
Would n't just a minimally functioning human brain compel that recognition ?
In any event , Noonan 's " argument " here illustrates a larger point .
As always , " serious " means " one who ( a ) takes every and any position on the war except for withdrawing , or ( as in Noonan 's case ) ( b ) takes no position at all but who expresses much concern and emphasizes how Serious these Matters Are . "
As an addendum : repeatedly advocating positions that directly contradict previously advocated positions ( or even misrepresenting one 's prior , now - discarded positions ) is no bar whatsoever to Seriousness status , provided that withdrawal is never , at any time , one of the advocated positions .
Conversely , " unserious " ( or , in Noonan 's lexicon , " superficial " ) means " advocating an end to the war now , rather than in some vague , distant , indiscernible , never - to - arrive future . "
That is what Pelosi has done .
Hence , Pelosi ( unlike Noonan , who has no position ) is " superficial " and " unserious .
" Among the political and punditry establishment , there has emerged a consensus that there is only one way to show that one is a truly respectable , mainstream , Serious Thinker about the war .
It is to do this : Engaging in that exercise is the only way to avoid being either a pro-Bush " escalator " or an unserious , irresponsible McGovernite Defeatocrat .
That is why , for instance , Jason Zengerle and Joe Klein 's rhetoric ( and that 's all it is ) has provoked such strong reactions .
It 's because -- just like Noonan 's grand angst - ridden deliberations here -- they are such pure personifications of the desire to strike the pose of seriousness and substantive analysis and thoughtful advocacy while saying nothing about the war that is even remotely serious or substantive or thoughtful .
They are advocating nothing .
Thus , in the same column where Noonan criticizes Pelosi for being " superficial " ( even though Pelosi 's plan -- withdrawal -- has been clear for some time ) , Noonan herself never takes any position at all about Iraq .
The non-superficial Noonan writes a whole column about Iraq .
What does she think should be done ?
Who knows ?
Clear positions are for the superficial partisans .
She says things are going badly .
She 's against the surge ( maybe ) .
And while she says that military and intelligence planners " must be instructed to draw up serious plans for an American withdrawal , " that is not in order to withdraw , but only because doing that " might concentrate the mind " of the Maliki government .
The closest Noonan comes to an affirmative expression of belief about what the U.S. should do in Iraq is this , her concluding paragraph : But what does that mean ?
It means nothing .
It 's meaningless and superficial .
It is empty rhetoric .
But that is all that ever spews forth from the serious , very - very - concerned , responsible commentators -- " we need to think very carefully about all of the serious implications of this war and look long and hard about how best to minimize the damage .
"
In reality , Noonan -- like all Serious Commentators -- favors ( without saying so , but it is the logically necessary meaning ) that we should stay mired in a war that ( as she acknowledges ) is patently failing , but neither change course nor leave .
At bottom , what it amounts to is an argument that is premised on this " thought " : " What we 're doing is horrible and counter - productive and we should keep doing it indefinitely .
" None of this is new .
This twisted game has been going on since before the invasion .
Those who emphatically opposed the war were the frivolous , unserious hysterics who should be ignored .
Those who strutted around with infinite " concerns " and serious qualms and who never took a real , definitive , clear position about whether they favored the invasion or not , were ( and still are ) the intellectual heroes , the ones who could see all sides , the thoughtful , complex non-partisan guardians of political wisdom who were too afraid and principle - free to say clearly what they believed .
That is still the prevailing orthodoxy among the Washington establishment , the playbook for showing that you are a serious , thoughtful , careful , non-ideological thinker who is truly and deeply concerned about Iraq .
But the concern never translates into any actual ideas or advocacy for action -- and it thus results in our staying in Iraq forever without even bothering to defend that position .
Nothing is more superficial or unserious -- or intellectually bankrupt -- than that .
There are lots and lots of science sites out there doing similar things - LiveScience.com , Scienceblog.com , Scienceblogs.com , Sciam.com , physorg.com , ScientificBlogging.com , ScienceDaily.com .
Except for ScienceDaily ( though I love those guys ) , they all do some original content and which one you prefer to read really comes down to where you fall on the political spectrum as much as the tone of the publication .
I help out on ScientificBlogging .com on occasion , mostly because I have a friend who is over there , and basically I help by distilling news releases into articles and making sure the pictures are pretty .
I have n't written any original articles yet , though a lot of people do .
At some point when I write articles more regularly , I will do that too because it 's probably the most politically neutral of the science sites .
You do n't have rants against religious people or certain political parties as part of their editorial or " what sells " policy .
This is a special case though , so I am writing today .
I am just publishing this on my site because it has nothing to do with any of the science sites and I do n't want it to reflect on scientificblogging .com , who basically seem to be interested in creating the non -agenda driven site everyone claims to want .
Ordinarily I would tell anyone who is trying to get the word out about science writing that Reddit is the way to go .
In my opinion ( and it 's just that )
Digg is more for technology and Reddit is more for science .
It turns out Reddit may not be a friend to science articles if you place articles from the wrong science sites .
Digg has ( or had ) a bury brigade , groups of malicious users who kept content off the front page by voting it down and voting their own things up .
I am not sure what they get out of that since Digg does n't seem to award prizes or pay money for the people with the most popular articles .
Actually , I do n't understand a lot of about Digg but I assumed that Reddit , being a more scientific readership , was also more mature .
I got an email yesterday from another volunteer editor at scientificblogging discussing why his articles never showed up on Reddit .
I assumed it was a mistake .
When I went to his profile it showed them .
But then I submitted one and it never showed up either .
It 's in my profile as submitted , it just never makes it to the main page .
I do n't know a lot of about the mechanics of Reddit but I started looking around and found my rating : - 18 .
Now why would I have a - 18 ?
It 's not like I put up advertising or post my own articles .
I could even understand being 0 if no one liked what I put there but instead I am effectively buried before any of my posted articles get seen .
They do not exist to anyone except me .
I found the common denominator and wrote my friend back and told him I had probably submitted too many for scientificblogging , around 15 over the last three months , so it looked like self - promotion .
He did n't seem to like that , since he had submitted only 4 articles and his content never showed up either , so he did a search and sent me the results .
Searching on ScienceDaily.com has about what you 'd expect for the premiere science news release aggregator .
Lots of posted articles from many different people .
Searching on scienceblogs gave him an entirely different result .
Scienceblogs had a few different people over the last year but one stood out even under the quick search :
Wow .
That grrlscientist person really loves scienceblogs .
So he searched on her name and found not only does she love scienceblogs , she submits them exclusively ( or not , how much time would you spend searching after the first 25 are all from the same site ? )
Then he highlighted the URL of the scienceblogs sites she submits and all of them are in the form : http://scienceblogs.com/grrlscientist/
- every single one .
So she is writing the articles on scienceblogs , submitting them to Reddit herself , and has 600 Karma ( the Reddit measure of popularity ) for doing so .
How is that not self - promotion or spam but I have - 18 for submitting 5 articles per month ( out of 500 written each month ) from one site ?
For submitting less than two dozen news articles , not even stuff I wrote , the same things you find on ScienceDaily or anywhere else that does news releases , I have - 18 Karma .
A scienceblogs writer is using Reddit as their personal PR organ and has over 600 .
Reddit is not a big company , I assume , though they got a lot of money for what they do , and it may be that their Terms of Service are not carved in stone .
It may also be that they do n't have an automatic mechanism to recognize self - promotion .
If they do have an automatic mechanism to detect self - promotion , it would surely have caught someone from scienceblogs violating it so flagrantly .
It may be that Reddit has its own version of the Digg bury brigade .
I doubt ScienceDaily has any grudges against ScientificBlogging , since they are 10X the readership and are n't in the original content business , so it probably is n't them .
Likewise , LiveScience is n't worried about anyone small .
On the other hand , Scienceblogs seems to think they invented the concept of science and blogging , even though scienceblog.com and lots of others were around before them .
About scientificblogging.com , one of their people wrote :
wordmunger Jan 30th 2007 - " I do n't think we need to worry about it as competition -- it 's a poor imitation of ScienceBlogs .
It hurts my eyes just to look at it . "
Scientificblogging.com does n't do tirades against Republicans so it is truly not a competitor , it does news , original content from some pretty famous writers and allows science writers to host their own blogs on the site .
That 's 0 for 3 in comparison to scienceblogs , unless you consider fame for political polemics the scientific kind .
Heck , some people over there even think they invented putting social news site submissions below their articles , a real revolutionary concept in 2007 :
Tim Murtaugh Jan 30th 2007 - " Dude -- they stole my icons to Digg , Newsvine , etc . "
Yes , they think that they invented both science writing and the little icons that social news sites provide to make it easier for readers .
I wonder if scienceblogs people think they invented Drupal also ?
Again , it would seem unlikely Reddit is doing this as any kind of formal policy .
Favoritism of any kind in the democracy of social news will get you killed by your readers .
Or will it ?
The obvious test is to post content from a different site and see if it shows up .
So he did .
Here is how it looked a few hours later :
Yes , it 's right there .
It immediately got 2 down votes , so maybe the Reddit bury brigade hates USA Today or marks anyone who posts science content from scientificblogging .com for termination .
But the scientificblogging .com posts still are nowhere to be found .
Only in the personal prefs part of the submitter .
So ScientificBlogging.com posts are magically prohibited from even showing up but an author on scienceblogs doing blatant self - promotion has 3 up in the span of 2 hours without being marked or anyone thinking that is out of the ordinary .
If this gets published at all , it 's because Reddit support never responded to the email questions about what constitutes spam and self - promotion .
If it is published I am going to have someone put it up on Digg because I know on Digg it has at least a fair chance of being seen .
It 's unlikely you will find that on Reddit any time soon .
Poll reveals most negative assessment of Iraq war yet Residents and firefighters gather near a Sadr City bombing .
In the latest CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll , taken April 10 - 12 , 69 percent of Americans say things are going badly for the United States in Iraq .
That 's the most negative assessment yet recorded , up from 54 percent who thought things were going badly last June and 62 percent in October . (
The public 's view : it 's not working .
Only 29 percent of Americans believe that sending additional troops to Iraq will make it more likely the U.S. will achieve its goals there .
Only 21 percent believe the U.S. and its allies are winning ; the prevailing view ( 62 percent ) is that neither side is winning .
Democrats can claim to have to the force of public opinion behind them .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , said before meeting with President Bush , " the president must recognize that the American people , the military all over America and majorities in both the House and Senate have said the President must change course . "
Sen .
John McCain 's view , expressed in a speech last week : " The judgment of history should be the approval we seek , not the temporary favor of the latest public opinion poll . "
Asked which side they take in the standoff between Congress and President Bush , the result is not close : 60 percent of Americans side with the Democrats in Congress and 37 percent with the President .
That 37 percent is a persistent figure .
-- 37 percent say if President Bush vetoes the Iraq funding bill , Congress should pass a bill with no timetable for withdrawal .
48 percent favor another bill with a timetable , and 13 percent want Congress to cut almost all funds for Iraq by next year ( making a total of 61 percent who favor restrictions on funding ) .
-- 37 percent want the U.S. to keep troops in Iraq as long as they are needed .
35 percent want the U.S. to begin withdrawing immediately and 26 percent want to see all U.S. troops withdrawn by next March ( making a total of 61 percent for withdrawal within a year ) .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Pessimism about Iraq has continued to mount , even before the news of Wednesday 's bombings in Baghdad .
In the latest CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll , taken April 10 - 12 , 69 percent of Americans say things are going badly for the United States in Iraq .
That 's the most negative assessment yet recorded , up from 54 percent who thought things were going badly last June and 62 percent in October .
( Full poll results [ PDF ]
The public 's view : it 's not working .
Only 29 percent of Americans believe that sending additional troops to Iraq will make it more likely the U.S. will achieve its goals there .
Only 21 percent believe the U.S. and its allies are winning ; the prevailing view ( 62 percent ) is that neither side is winning .
Democrats can claim to have to the force of public opinion behind them .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , said before meeting with President Bush , " the president must recognize that the American people , the military all over America and majorities in both the House and Senate have said the President must change course .
" Sen . John McCain 's view , expressed in a speech last week : " The judgment of history should be the approval we seek , not the temporary favor of the latest public opinion poll .
" Asked which side they take in the standoff between Congress and President Bush , the result is not close : 60 percent of Americans side with the Democrats in Congress and 37 percent with the President .
That 37 percent is a persistent figure .-- 37 percent say if President Bush vetoes the Iraq funding bill , Congress should pass a bill with no timetable for withdrawal .
48 percent favor another bill with a timetable , and 13 percent want Congress to cut almost all funds for Iraq by next year ( making a total of 61 percent who favor restrictions on funding ) .-- 37 percent want the U.S. to keep troops in Iraq as long as they are needed .
35 percent want the U.S. to begin withdrawing immediately and 26 percent want to see all U.S. troops withdrawn by next March ( making a total of 61 percent for withdrawal within a year ) .
-- CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider
For more than five years , President Bush authorized government spying on phone calls and e-mail to and from the United States without warrants .
He rejected offers from Congress to update the electronic eavesdropping law , and stonewalled every attempt to investigate his spying program .
Suddenly , Mr. Bush is in a hurry .
He has submitted a bill that would enact enormous , and enormously dangerous , changes to the 1978 law on eavesdropping .
It would undermine the fundamental constitutional principle — over which there can be no negotiation or compromise — that the government must seek an individual warrant before spying on an American or someone living here legally .
To heighten the false urgency , the Bush administration will present this issue , as it has before , as a choice between catching terrorists before they act or blinding the intelligence agencies .
But the administration has never offered evidence that the 1978 law , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , hampered intelligence gathering after the 9/11 attacks .
Mr. Bush simply said the law did not apply to him .
The director of national intelligence , Michael McConnell , said yesterday that the evidence of what is wrong with FISA was too secret to share with all Americans .
That ’s an all - too - familiar dodge .
Senator Dianne Feinstein , Democrat of California , who is familiar with the president ’s spying program , has said that it could have been conducted legally .
She even offered some sensible changes for FISA , but the administration and the Republican majority in the last Congress buried her bill .
From the UPS web site :
UPS today announced its intent to cancel later this year an order for 10 Airbus A380 freighters .
The final cancellation decision will be formally presented to Airbus on the first date specified under an agreement reached last week that gives either party the right to terminate the order .
Last week ’s agreement specified a revised delivery schedule that delayed UPS ’s first A380 jumbo freighter from 2010 to 2012 .
UPS originally expected its first freighter in 2009 .
UPS had intended to complete an internal study of whether it could wait until 2012 for the aircraft , but now understands Airbus is diverting employees from the A380 freighter program to work on the passenger version of the plane .
“ Based on our previous discussions , we had felt that 2012 was a reasonable estimate of when Airbus could supply this plane , ” said David Abney , UPS ’s chief operating officer and president of UPS Airlines .
“ We no longer are confident that Airbus can adhere to that schedule . ”
A couple things here .
First , while I would love to lambast Airbus as a politically - motivated company as an excuse for why they ’re missing deadlines , but that ’s not necessarily true .
Private companies miss deadlines all the time , and there ’s often nothing that can be done about it .
Of course , there are some political considerations , such as European nations forcing Airbus to have production facilities in their own countries , which partly led to a big wiring problem that has been a lion ’s share of the delay .
But there ’s a key thing here .
Airbus is shifting employees from their freighter version to their passenger version .
Now , I ’m not an expert on these matters , but I would think that a fairly stripped - down freighter would make it to market more quickly than a passenger plane , which has all sorts of seats , trim , and detail work involved .
So why are they shifting to the passenger plane ?
Will it make more money quickly , and prove that they can at least produce aircraft ?
Nope .
But what it will do is make sure that people are on Airbus A380 ’s sooner .
The politicians do n’t want boring A380 ’s with UPS logos on the side , that nobody can say they ’ve flown in except the pilots .
They want people to see and fly on these planes , to show off how wonderful Airbus is .
Remember , Airbus is largely controlled by politicians .
Making money is n’t their goal , so they wo n’t really worry too much about not having UPS on board .
They want to show off a shiny new toy to their constituents , and you ca n’t do that if it ’s just carrying packages , can you ?
Google is going head - to - head with rival Yahoo
The move is likely to intensify competition between Google and rivals Microsoft , Yahoo and AOL .
The revamped software will suggest web links , personal documents and images that might be relevant to whatever someone is doing with their computer .
The tool also automatically subscribes to feeds from weblogs and news sites that a user visits .
Competition time
The update expands the abilities of Google 's desktop search system that was first released in October 2004 .
The first version let people search through all kinds of documents and e-mail messages they had stored on their home computer just like they did on the web .
The revamped desktop search system is much more active and keeps an eye on what users do and instantly displays relevant webpages , blog entries , documents , messages and photos in a hovering , on - screen panel .
US ONLINE SEARCH Google : 36.5 % Yahoo : 30.5 % Microsoft : 15.5 % Time Warner ( AOL ) : 9.9 % Ask Jeeves : 6.1 % Infospace : 0.9 % Others : 0.9 % Source : ComScore
The panel can also monitor different e-mail accounts and show incoming messages as they appear .
It also lets users generate a list of the most - used documents and files so they can launch them as soon as they are needed .
The update brings Google into line with rivals .
Some of the abilities of the panel , such as presenting information about local documents as a user types , have been available in programs such as Blinkx for more than a year .
Yahoo's desktop search system and Apple 's Spotlight also returns real time results in the same way .
Others , such as the ability to get at frequently used files and newly arrived e-mail messages , pitch Google into more direct competition with Microsoft as it directly replaces some of the features of the Windows operating system .
Toolbar battle
Desktop and toolbar search software have been heavily pushed by Google , Microsoft , Yahoo , AOL , Ask Jeeves and many others over the last year as these rivals look for an edge in the battle for users .
Yahoo is currently winning the battle to make people convert to its toolbar according to audience monitoring outfit ComScore Media Metrix .
In its latest audience figures , ComScore reveals that in July 2005 11 % of all US searches were carried out via toolbars and 51 % of all those queries were launched from users of Yahoo's toolbar .
But Google still rules when it comes to searching via browser .
ComScore found that 36.5 % of all US searches were conducted via Google in July 2005 .
Yahoo had a 30.5 % share and MSN a 15.5 % slice .
The new test or beta version of Google desktop is available to download and works with Windows XP and 2000 .
