The Book of Mormon and the King James Version ( 1999 )
Curt van den Heuvel
Introduction
The King James Version of the Bible is , in all likelihood , the most successful of all the English translations .
Volumes have been written on its distinctive and rhythmic style , and it is still regarded as a triumph of modern English literature .
So great was the influence of the King James Version that it coloured and directed the development of the English language for decades .
English speakers still uses such phrases as `a fly in the ointment ' , `go the extra mile ' , and `stick to the straight and narrow ' , often without realising that they are quoting the King James Version .
For many people , the King James Version was the Bible , to the point that God is still often represented as speaking Jacobean English .
The English of the King James Version , even when it had become archaic , was still identified with the language of scripture in the minds of many of its readers .
It comes as no surprise , therefore , that when Joseph Smith produced his sequel to the Bible , he cast it in Jacobean English .
The dependence of the Book of Mormon on the King James Version , however , goes deeper than a mere affectation of style .
Smith copied vast quantities of the Bible into the Book of Mormon , and the Bible that he used was the King James Version .
We find , therefore , that the King James Version left an indelible mark on the Book of Mormon .
Affected Style
The most readily observed characteristic of the Book of Mormon is its affected Jacobean style .
Being raised , as he was , in a Protestant household , Smith was very familiar with the cadences and flow of Jacobean English .
He was , however , quite ignorant as to the actual grammar of the language .
As a result , the prose is couched in a sort of fractured amalgam of New England tongue and Jacobean English .
For readers who are very familiar with the King James Version , the differences in style between the native Book of Mormon text and the protracted interpolated Biblical passages are so striking as to be almost physically perceived .
Most English people are unaware that King James English is more than a few simple ` thee's ' and `thou's in the right places .
The archaic words are actually part of the grammar , and indicate verb tenses and noun cases and number .
For example , `thou ' is the second person , singular , personal pronoun , while `ye ' is the corresponding plural form .
In addition , the second person personal pronoun is declined differently to its modern counterpart .
Thus , `ye ' or `thou ' is used as the subject of a sentence , while `you ' is used as the object of a sentence .
Modern English has lost this distinction , using `you ' for both the singular and plural forms of the word , as well as both noun cases .
This distinction is subtle , and is not generally apprehended by the casual modern reader .
One can find numerous examples of inconsistent application of the Jacobean personal noun case in the Book of Mormon .
For example , in Mosiah 4:22 , the personal noun case switches from plural to singular in the same sentence `... and yet ye put up no petition , nor repent of the thing which thou hast done . '
Technically , the last part of the sentence should read `... which ye have done ' .
Note one more example , that of First Nephi 11:7 `... after thou hast beheld the tree which bore the fruit which thy father tasted , thou shalt also behold a man descending out of heaven , and him shall ye witness ; and after ye have witnessed him ye shall bear record that it is the Son of God . '
The King James verb tenses also seem to have given Smith some trouble .
Like the languages that it evolved from , in particular Latin and Saxon , Jacobean English used inflected word modifiers to conjugate verbs .
Again , this distinction has largely been lost in modern English .
Traces of this confusion are evident in the first edition of the Book of Mormon .
For example , in First Nephi 12:9 the third person form of a verb is used with a second person subject `... Thou remembereth the twelve apostles of the Lamb ?...'.
Compare this with John 16:21 of the King James Version , where the third person form of `remember ' is used correctly `... but as soon as she is delivered of the child , she remembereth no more the anguish ...'.
This verse was corrected to read `rememberest ' in the later revisions of the Book of Mormon .
The implication of this is clear - Joseph Smith was familiar with the form , but not the substance , of King James English .
Consequently , his prose displays a fundamental lack of understanding of the syntax and grammar of the tongue .
Although a work of great literature , the King James Version does suffer somewhat in accuracy .
There are basically three forms of translation errors that need to be considered :
Variant Readings :
While not strictly a translation problem , it can be shown that where the King James Version differs from the Minority Text of the Greek New Testament , the Book of Mormon usually follows .
This will be considered later .
Technical Terms :
This is one of the greatest problems of the King James Version , although not really the fault of the translators .
Generally , the use of incorrect words for some terms can be blamed on a less than perfect understanding of Hebrew vocabulary during the Elizabethan era .
This , too , will be considered later .
Translation Errors : Although few in number , the King James Version does contain a number of undeniable incorrect translations .
Again , this can sometimes be blamed on an imperfect understanding of Hebrew , but is also possibly due to the fact that the Authorised Version was basically translated by committee , with the various members having different strengths and weaknesses in the original languages .
Generally , we find that when the King James Version commits a translation error , the Book of Mormon usually follows .
Three examples will suffice .
II Nephi 12:16 , a quotation from Isaiah 2:16 reads as follows ` And upon all the ships of the sea , and upon all the ships of Tarshish , and upon all pleasant pictures . '
The problem here is that the word `pictures ' should be translated as `ships ' , which makes more sense .
The New International version reads `.. and every stately vessel ...'.
As an aside , this verse adds the phrase `upon all the ships of the sea ' to the King James wording .
Mormon scholars have often pointed out that this follows the Septuagint , and should thus be considered a more ancient reading of the Biblical text .
In fact , this is not entirely true .
Neither the Septuagint nor the Masoretic text have both phrases ; they include either one or the other .
A close examination of the text will reveal the reason for this .
Isaiah 2:16 is part of a poetic section which employs a device known as a rhyming couplet .
Each stanza of the poem consists of two complimentary phrases .
The Book of Mormon , however , has three phrases at this section , and thus could never have been an original part of the text .
The obvious conclusion is that Smith had access to a Septuagint translation , or , more likely , to a commentary on Isaiah that included the Septuagint reading .
A more serious translation error affects Isaiah 9:1 , copied into the Book of Mormon as II Nephi 19:1 `... and afterwards did more grievously afflict by the way of the Red Sea beyond Jordan in Galilee of the nations . '
A translation error in this verse of Isaiah has given the text almost the opposite meaning to the original .
The phrase `did more grievously afflict ' should be rendered as `honour ' in English .
Thus the New International Version reads `... In the past he humbled the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali , but in the future he will honor Galilee of the Gentiles ...'.
Again , as an aside , the Book of Mormon adds the qualifier ` Red ' to the King James Version .
A glance at a map of Palestine will show why this rendering is impossible .
The Red Sea is located on the Southern border of Palestine , over 250 miles from the Sea of Galilee .
A third example is found in II Nephi 21:3 , a quotation from Isaiah 11:3 .
The phrase ` And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the Lord ... ' should read `... and he will delight in the fear of the LORD ...' as in the New International Version .
Here , the Hebrew word `rawah ' , in this context , is correctly translated `delight in ' as opposed to `quick ' .
Mention should be made of II Nephi 16:2 , where the 1830 version follows the King James ' incorrect usage of the word `seraphims ' as a plural for `seraphim ' .
This was corrected in later versions of the Book of Mormon text , although it has never been corrected in the King James Version .
Whenever the King James translators added a clarifying word or phrase to the text , they placed the phrase in italics to distinguish it from the original .
Joseph Smith was obviously aware of this fact , and the majority of his changes to the Biblical text occur as modified or dropped King James italicized phrases .
However , this process is inconsistently applied in the Book of Mormon text .
Often , we find that a King James clarifying phrase has been left intact in the copied text , even though the phrase was never a part of the original Biblical text .
As an example , III Nephi 24:5 , quoting Malachi 3:5 reads `... and that turn aside the stranger , and fear not me ...'.
The King James
Text reads `... and that turn aside the stranger from his right , and fear not me ...'.
The Book of Mormon omits the phrase `from his right ' , which was added to the Isaiah text in italics by the King James translators .
However , in III Nephi 24:10 , the phrase `... that there shall not be room enough to receive it ... ' follows the King James Version , even though seven of these words are not original to the text .
The King James Version of Malachi 3:10 reads `... that there shallnot be room enough to receive it ...'.
Archaisms
Just as Smith 's divine inspiration was unable to inform him when he was copying a translation error , it seemed equally unable to update some of the archaic language of the King James Version .
As previously noted , the Authorised Version had some trouble with Hebrew technical terms .
This is very apparent with animal names .
The King James Version often refers to `dragons ' , `unicorns ' and `satyrs ' , all mythological beasts .
This had led more than a few would - be Bible interpreters into interesting , but nonetheless entirely incorrect directions .
The fact is that these names were interpolated whenever the actual animal referred to was unclear or unknown .
Later research has uncovered the truth behind the Hebrew names , and most modern English Bibles no longer refer to such interesting creatures .
II Nephi 23:22 contains a reference to dragons .
` And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses , and dragons in their pleasant palaces ...'.
This is a quotation from Isaiah 13:22 .
Most modern translations have `jackals ' for `dragons ' , and `hyenas ' for `wild beasts ' .
Verse 21 of the same chapter has a reference to satyrs .
` But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there ; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures ; and owls shall dwell there , and satyrs shall dance there . '
This word `satyrs ' is translated `wild goats ' in most modern translations .
King James archaisms are not limited to animal names .
It seems that articles of apparel also caused their share of problems for the translators .
A protracted quotation from Isaiah perfectly illustrates this problem .
II Nephi 13:18 - 23 reads
In that day the Lord will take away the bravery of their tinkling ornaments , and cauls , and round tires like the moon ;
The chains and the bracelets , and the mufflers ;
The bonnets , and the ornaments of the legs , and the headbands , and the tablets , and the ear - rings ;
The rings , and nose jewels ;
The changeable suits of apparel , and the mantles , and the wimples , and the crisping - pins ;
The glasses , and the fine linen , and hoods , and the veils . '
This is a quotation from Isaiah 3:18 - 23 .
Although these terms are , for the most part , correctly translated in the King James Version , it is almost certain that neither Joseph Smith nor his intended audience had any idea what they meant .
The King James Version committee translated this passage using words from their own era , which reflected the fashion of the day .
Two hundred years later , in the early nineteenth century , on a different continent , these words were mostly obsolete .
The New International Version throws some light on the issue
In that day the Lord will snatch away their finery : the bangles and headbands and crescent necklaces , the earrings and bracelets and veils , the headdresses and ankle chains and sashes , the perfume bottles and charms , the signet rings and nose rings , the fine robes and the capes and cloaks , the purses and mirrors , and the linen garments and tiaras and shawls . '
In at least two other places , Smith 's divine muse was unable to supply him with the answers to some textual questions that had vexed Biblical scholars for centuries .
The first is found in II Nephi 28:30 .
`... I will give unto the children of men line upon line , precept upon precept , here a little and there a little ...'
This is a reference to Isaiah 28:13 .
` But the word of the Lord was unto them precept upon precept , precept upon precept ; line upon line , line upon line ; here a little , and there a little ...'
Although most English Bibles follow the King James version to some degree , the exact meaning of the Hebrew text is uncertain .
Most scholars are of the opinion that they are nonsense words , similar to an English person using the words `blah , blah , blah ' .
A similar problem afflicts III Nephi 12:22 , a quotation from Matthew 5:22 .
`... And whosoever shall say to his brother , Raca , shall be in danger of the council ...'
The exact meaning of the Aramaic word ` Raca ' is unknown , although it is generally thought to denote a term of contempt .
The King James translators left the word untranslated , as do most English Bibles .
It is indeed unfortunate that Smith 's divine pipeline was unable to provide him with the true meaning of the word .
A final example will suffice .
There is at least one archaic spelling that confused Smith , and that was the word `strait ' .
This word is used in Matthew 7:14 in the familiar phrase `... strait is the gate , and narrow is the way , which leadeth unto life , and few there be that find it . '
Joseph Smith evidently thought , as do most English readers , that `strait ' is simply a variant spelling of `straight ' .
In fact , it is not .
The word `strait ' , in this context , means `restricted ' or `difficult ' .
Nevertheless , the first edition of the Book of Mormon uses the word `straight ' when it quotes Matthew in III Nephi 14:14 .
In fact , the 1830 version of the Book of Mormon uses the word `straight ' every time that `strait ' is meant .
( See , for example , I Nephi 21:20 , where the King James Version of Isaiah 49:20 has `strait ' .
The word `straight ' makes no sense in this context . )
Most of these were corrected in subsequent versions .
This is telling indeed , for it is evident that only an English person would confuse the two words .
A Nephite , who had no knowledge of English , would certainly not make that mistake .
In spite of this , we find that at least one of the Book of Mormon characters displayed similar confusion about the word .
In II Nephi 9:41 , the prophet Nephi speaks these words `... Behold , the way for man is narrow , but it lieth in a straight course before him ...'.
It is quite certain that Smith was alluding to the King James version here .
Not only does the word `gate ' appear in the same sentence , but we also find the phrase ` And then are ye in this strait and narrow path which leads to eternal life ... ' in II Nephi 31:18 .
When Smith revised the Book of Mormon , he corrected the spelling of II Nephi 31:18 to `strait ' , but was obviously unable to change II Nephi 9:41 , since the context makes it clear that the word `straight ' is meant .
To summarise the foregoing : the Book of Mormon is evidently unable to update the archaic language of the King James Version , even when such language is technically incorrect .
The fact that these shortcomings seem to mirror the gaps in Smith 's knowledge is strong evidence that Smith , not a collection of ancient American prophets , was the sole author of the Book of Mormon .
Anachronistic Terms
There are a number of terms that the King James Version introduced to the English world , which subsequently became part of the Spiritual vocabulary .
We find that at least two of these terms appear in the Book of Mormon as well .
In John 's gospel , Jesus leaves his disciples with a promise of a coming indwelling of the Holy Spirit just before his Passion .
John 14:26 begins ` But the Comforter , which is the Holy Ghost ...'.
The Book of Mormon , in at least one place , uses the same word for the Holy Spirit .
Moroni 8:26 reads `... and because of meekness and lowliness of heart cometh the visitation of the Holy Ghost , which Comforter filleth with hope and perfect love ...'.
The word that the King James committee translated as ` Comforter ' is the Greek word `parakletos ' .
Again , the exact meaning of this word is uncertain .
Jerome left it untranslated in the Vulgate - `paracletus autem Spiritus Sanctus ...' , and it is variously translated in modern English Bibles ( the New International Version and the Revised Version both use `counselor ' ) .
The word itself is constructed from two Greek words , the preposition ` para ' meaning `with ' and the verb `kaleo ' meaning `to call ' .
Thus , the meaning is clear enough , although there is no direct English equivalent .
It is quite telling that the Book of Mormon uses a late English term for a Biblical concept .
A second archaic word that seems to have crept into the Book of Mormon is the word `charity ' .
This word appears in Paul 's famous treatise on Faith , Hope and Charity in I Corinthians 13 .
In fact , the Greek word that is translated `charity ' in the King James Version is the word `agape ' .
This word is consistently translated `love ' elsewhere in the King James Version .
The Book of Mormon , too , contains much on Faith , Hope and Charity , including a protracted quotation from I Corinthians 13 .
Moroni 7:45 reads
` And charity suffereth long , and is kind , and envieth not , and is not puffed up , seeketh not her own , is not easily provoked , thinketh no evil , and rejoiceth not in iniquity but rejoiceth in the truth , beareth all things , believeth all things , hopeth all things , endureth all things . '
It is interesting that the Book of Mormon not only uses the same archaic King James word for `love ' , but also that Smith felt that he had to explain this fact .
II Nephi 26:30 declares that `... all men should have charity , which charity is love . '
Ether 12:34 reads
` And now I know that this love which thou hast had for the children of men is charity ...'
In the same chapter as the Corinthians quotation , we find in Moroni 7:47 ` But charity is the pure love of Christ ...'.
Also in Moroni 8:17 we find ` And I am filled with charity , which is everlasting love ...'
Logically , this statement makes no sense , since `charity ' and `love ' are actually the same word .
Variant Readings of the Textus Receptus
The King James Version was basically a revision of the earlier works of Wycliffe and Tyndale .
However , the translators did use a specific Greek text for their revision , that of Erasmus , usually called the Textus Receptus ( Latin for ` Received Text ' ) .
This is basically a late text of the Majority family .
Modern Biblical criticism has produced a more accurate text , based mostly on textual finds that postdate the King James Version .
It can be shown that where the King James Version differs from the Alexandrian text , the Book of Mormon usually follows .
This is most evident in the text of Matthew that appears in III Nephi .
However , it can also be shown that the Book of Mormon quotes at least two texts which are now considered to be spurious .
I John 5:7 reads ` For there are three that bear record in heaven , the Father , the Word , and the Holy Ghost : and these three are one . '
This verse has almost no Greek manuscript support , and is generally considered to be a late interpolation .
Legend has it that Erasmus included it in his Greek text under duress .
Nevertheless , this text seems to have inspired one or two quotations in the Book of Mormon .
II Nephi 31:21 reads `... and the only and true doctrine of the Father , and of the Son , and of the Holy Ghost , which is one God ...'.
Mormon 7:7 reads `... to sing ceaseless praises with the choirs above , unto the Father , and unto the Son , and unto the Holy Ghost , which are one God ...'.
A similar problem affects Mormon chapter 9 .
Verses 22 through 24 read
For behold , thus said Jesus Christ , the Son of God , unto his disciples who should tarry , yea , and also to all his disciples , in the hearing of the multitude :
Go ye into all the world , and preach the gospel to every creature ;
And he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved , but he that believeth not shall be damned ;
And these signs shall follow them that believe -- in my name shall they cast out devils ; they shall speak with new tongues ; they shall take up serpents ; and if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them ; they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover ...
Similarly , Ether 4:18 reads
Therefore , repent all ye ends of the earth , and come unto me , and believe in my gospel , and be baptized in my name ; for he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be damned ; and signs shall follow them that believe in my name .
Both these passages are quotations from Mark 16 , verses 15 through 18 :
And he said unto them , Go ye into all the world , and preach the gospel to every creature .
He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be damned .
And these signs shall follow them that believe ;
In my name shall they cast out devils ; they shall speak with new tongues ;
They shall take up serpents ; and if they drink any deadly thing , it shall not hurt them ; they shall lay hands on the sick , and they shall recover .
The problem here is that these verses are part of the so - called long ending of Mark , generally thought to be a late addition to the Marcan text .
Neither the Siniaticus nor the Vaticanus , the two oldest Greek texts , have this ending .
( The New International Version has a note which reads ` The most reliable early manuscripts and other ancient witnesses do not have Mark 16:9 - 20 ' ) .
If this is true , it is quite impossible for Jesus to have spoken these words .
Conclusion
It is very evident that the Book of Mormon owes much to the King James Version .
Since this particular version of the Bible was not translated until 1611 , it means that the Book of Mormon cannot be an ancient work as Joseph Smith claimed .
Have you heard the news about " Saved by the Bell " ?
No , we 're not talking about that lame reunion ... we 're talking about the " Saved by the Bell " porno that Hustler 's been hard at work on .
As per usual , we 've secured a copy of the porno cast list , and have compared the originals to their doppelgangers to see how everyone stacks up .
Your thoughts ?
Zack : Mark - Paul Gosselaar
XXX Zack : Scott Stone
Kelly : Tiffani Thiessen
XXX Kelly : Ashlyn Rae
Jessie : Elizabeth Berkley
XXX Jessie : Missy Stone
Lisa : Lark Voorhies
XXX Lisa : Misty Stone
Slater : Mario Lopez
XXX Slater : Mikey Butders
Screech : Dustin Diamond
XXX Screech : Ralph Long
Mr. Belding : Dennis Haskins
XXX Mr. Belding : Eric John
Requisite additional female characters :
Jennifer : Ally Ann
Cheerleader : Nicole Ray
Nerdy Girl : April O'Neal
We , for one , are sad to see that Evan Stone did not make the cut .
We 're not sure what he would have played , but we would have loved to see a Scott - Missy - Misty - Evan Stone quadfecta ( or would that make the earth explode ? ) .
· This Ain't Saved by the Bell XXX Cast List ( hustlerworld.com )
Tagged in : ally ann , april o'neal , ashlyn rae , dvd , eric john , hustler , mikey butders , missy stone , misty stone , nicole ray , parody , photo , ralph long , scott stone , spoof , straight , upcoming ,
Despite all charges being dropped in the case , people are still talking about the arrest of Henry Louis Gates , so we thought it might be interesting to share some insight we received from a veteran cop on the matter .
After Barack Obama used the word " stupid " in reference to the arresting officer last night in his press conference , we heard from a police officer acquaintance of ours .
He requested that his identity be withheld so that he could speak candidly , a request we 're more than happy to honor .
Anyway , here 's what he wrote to us in an email :
I 've been on calls where the exact same sort of thing happened .
I would get dispatched to some call where the witness got all of their facts screwed up and the subject is pissed .
I have generally been able to calm that person down with an appeal to their sense of reason .
Sometimes I can't and still do n't make an arrest because it just does n't make sense to lock someone up just for being an asshole .
However , there is a reason that they have Disorderly Conduct on the books .
It 's generally a problem solver when you can't figure out any other way to resolve the situation .
Reading the Gates affidavit , I would say that the cop really did n't do enough to calm him down .
However , if everything that 's written is true then the cop was within the letter of the law .
I have considered the possibility that the cop either lied or exaggerated .
Unfortunately , I 've seen that happen before too .
I can only give you my word when I tell you that I have never based my decision to arrest someone based on race .
However , I 've been accused of racism a number of times , been falsely accused of calling someone a n — —r in court and investigated claims of racism against officers that have turned out to be proven false .
I 've also met a few complete asshole bigoted cops .
On this Gates thing , I honestly can't tell you which one we have here .
Bigot ?
Overzealous rookie ?
Out of control subject ?
No idea .
I 'm pretty sure I would have let him go , but that 's because I 'm too impressed by scholars for my own good .
So there you go .
Personally , we think the biggest asshole in all of this is probably the lady who called the cops in the first place , but that 's just our opinion .
Denis Coderre has resigned as Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff 's Quebec lieutenant and defence critic -- handing the Liberals a stunning internal blow from the man who was supposed to play a vital role in their next election campaign .
Coderre resigned over a disagreement about the political comeback of someone who is seen a potential rival of the Quebec MP .
Coderre told a Montreal news conference on Monday that he will remain a Member of Parliament , where he represents the riding of Bourassa .
" It is a tough decision , a very emotional one that I have to make today , " Coderre said .
" But I took four days on my own ... and I thought that I do n't have any more the moral authority to remain as the Quebec lieutenant . "
Jean Lapierre , a former Quebec lieutenant under Paul Martin , told CTV News that a backlash is brewing under Ignatieff .
" People feel Mr. Ignatieff does n't have any loyalty .
They feel he betrayed Mr. Coderre , " he said Monday .
Coderre caused a stir about his intentions early Monday when he issued a press release to announce the news conference that for the first in months did not include the title , " Michael Ignatieff 's Quebec lieutenant . "
During the news conference , Coderre denied that his decision to step down was about the " settling of accounts . "
Coderre said he still has " confidence " in Ignatieff , but he suggested the Liberal leader make changes to his inner circle of advisers .
" Much more fundamental questions are raised by these events :
Who should the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada listen to on decisions that strictly affect Quebec ? " he said .
" Should he follow his Quebec lieutenant while working closely with a credible team ?
Or to his Toronto advisers who know nothing about the social and political realities of Quebec ? "
Ignatieff was quick to downplay the resignation and dismissed the idea of a Toronto - run party .
A serious rift ?
The rift between Ignatieff and Coderre broke open last week over who should be nominated as the Liberal candidate in the Montreal riding of Outremont .
Former justice minister Martin Cauchon , who left politics in 2004 , has signalled his intention to return to Parliament Hill and reclaim the riding he held for 11 years .
However , Ignatieff announced last Monday that he would appoint businesswoman Nathalie Le Prohon , who was selected by Coderre , as the Liberal candidate in Outremont ,
The decision seemed to end Cauchon 's hopes of a political comeback , but Coderre announced later in the week that another riding would be offered to Cauchon .
Meanwhile , a number of Liberal MPs , including Bob Rae , rallied around Cauchon in his bid for Outremont .
By the end of the week , Ignatieff had reversed his own decision about Outremont to allow for an open nomination contest in the riding .
Coderre was widely criticized for trying to block Cauchon 's move to run in his old riding , a decision Coderre defended as an attempt to invigorate the party .
Coderre , who was clearly angry at being overruled on Outremont , said he did not want to air the Liberal Party 's dirty laundry in public , but criticized Ignatieff for trying to run the politics of Quebec from Ontario .
" The lesson drawn from these events is the following :
If you want to carry the day on a Quebec issue , all you have to do is perform an end - run around the Quebec authorities of the party , and go to the inner circle from Toronto . "
CTV News ' Ottawa Bureau Chief Robert
Fife reported earlier Monday that Ignatieff 's office was completely unaware of Coderre 's plans and said the Liberal leader had not been in contact with his lieutenant over the weekend .
However , Ignatieff had left three voice mails on Coderre 's cellphone and two emails this morning , all of which had gone unanswered , Fife said .
According to Fife , Cauchon would likely emerge as a rival to Coderre to replace Ignatieff in a future Liberal leadership contest .
But an immediate concern , Fife said , is that Coderre 's resignation will cause turmoil " and perhaps open warfare in the Liberal Party . "
" In the long - term here , nobody in this country who wants to lead a party can win if he can't control his own party , " Fife told News Channel .
" Voters do n't elect people who can't run their own party .
More important than that , this is happening in Quebec , where the Liberal Party needs to win seats if they are going to have any chance of beating the Conservatives and forming a minority government . "
It is unclear who Ignatieff may choose to replace Coderre as his Quebec lieutenant .
Whoever takes over , Coderre said , will inherit a Quebec wing in good shape heading into a possible election , with 68 strong Liberal candidates already selected out of 75 Quebec ridings .
Meanwhile , winning back Outremont will be key for the Liberals .
The riding was a Liberal stronghold until New Democrat Thomas Mulcair grabbed the seat in a 2007 by - election upset victory .
While Cauchon appears to be the front - runner to secure the nomination , Lapierre said other candidates will throw their hats into the ring .
Party activist Dr. Comlan Amouzou , who has resided in Outremont since immigrating to Quebec from Togo in 1995 , has declared his intention to seek the nomination , Lapierre told CTV Montreal .
Amouzou has already established a website declaring his candidacy .
And Le Prohon , who had agreed to switch ridings and run in Jeanne - Le Ber , may reconsider running in Outremont , Lapierre said .
" So it 's quite a mess that Mr. Ignatieff now has on his desk , " Lapierre said .
Alright , today we ’ve got two different methods of making your own burning laser pointer at home in very little time at very little or even absolutely no expense whatsoever ( if you ’ve already got a low - power
green laser pointer you can modify you wo n’t have to spend a penny ) .
The first one presumes that you ’ve got a low - power green laser pointer ( these are relatively inexpensive these days–cheapest one I see on Amazon is this one for $ 14.92 ) that you ’re going to modify by disassembling it and disabling the power - limiter component on it with
a soldering iron ( you need a soldering iron , yes ) .
The second one shows you how to construct a very powerful laser pointer out of a small Maglite flashlight ( the kind that runs off of 2 AA ’s ) and the laser diode from a DVD burner .
This one happens to be my favorite because it ’s SO easy to get ahold of a DVD drive ( must be able to write / burn DVD ’s ) for either VERY cheap or for free–if you ’ll get a broken one from a dump or off Ebay , odds are excellent that the diode works just fine and it ’s something else that ’s broken , those diodes almost never break , it ’s almost always some type of moving part ( i.e. a motor ) within the drive that broke , or you can just buy a used - but - working one for VERY little .
Method # 1 : Modified low - power green laser pointer
Here ’s the first method .
Remember , you ’re going to need :
An inexpensive low - power green laser pointer .
A pair of pliers ( he uses a pair of needle - nose ones )
A set of micro screwdrivers .
A soldering iron .
Here ’s what to do :
Method # 2 : Modified DVD burner diode +
Maglite
One of the cool things about this one is that DVD drives use several different colored lasers , depending on how old your drive is and
what brand it is , it could be either green , blue , or red ( as show in the video ) .
I suspect you could get this to run off of any type of flashlight that you want , including some of the bigger Maglites , but I do n’t know why you ’d want to as the small AA one is perfect for this .
Here ’s what you ’ll need :
The destruction of the Aral Sea is one of the great engineering disasters of the 20th century , a mistake on a scale so vast that photographs from space are needed to capture it .
When Soviet officials decided to divert its rivers , turning Kazakhstan 's western deserts into fragile cotton farms , the Aral Sea was the world 's fourth - largest lake , covering an area the size of Ireland .
Now it 's less than a tenth of that size .
Left behind are 15,000 square miles of salty , toxin - laden lake bed .
Sandstorms toss 150,000 tons of it into the region 's air every year , and are linked to intensified regional climate extremes and increased rates of cancer and lung disease .
On Friday , the European Space Agency released before - and - after satellite photographs of the Aral Sea in 2006 and 2009 .
Earlier satellite images were taken by the United States Geological Survey in 1999 , 1987 and 1973 , shortly after the sea started to shrink .
The photos are shown newest to oldest below .
Thanks to a World Bank - funded dam project , the sea 's northern tip will be preserved .
The rest , however , is expected to vanish by 2020 .
See Also :
Images : 1 . Gilad Rom / Flickr 2 & 3 : ESA 4 , 5 & 6 : USGS
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
President Obama 's Justice Department continues to stonewall inquiries about why it dropped a voter intimidation case against the New Black Panther Party .
The episode — which Bartle Bull , a former civil rights lawyer and publisher of the left - wing Village Voice , calls " the most blatant form of voter intimidation I 've ever seen " — began on Election Day 2008 .
Mr. Bull and others witnessed two Black Panthers in paramilitary garb at a polling place near downtown Philadelphia .
( Some of this behavior is on YouTube . )
One ...
Performance on AMD Opteron , 2.4GHz , 4 Cores Server Setup Requests per Second Tornado nginx , 4 frontends 8213 Tornado 1 single threaded frontend 3353 Django Apache / mod_wsgi 2223 web.py Apache / mod_wsgi 2066 Cherry
Py standalone 785
io
For Facebook Chat , we rolled our own subsystem for logging chat messages ( in C++ ) as well as an epoll - driven web server ( in Erlang ) that holds online users ' conversations in - memory and serves the long - polled HTTP requests .
Both subsystems are clustered and partitioned for reliability and efficient failover .
Why Erlang ?
In short , because the problem domain fits Erlang like a glove .
Erlang is a functional concurrency - oriented language with extremely low - weight user - space " processes " , share - nothing message - passing semantics , built - in distribution , and a " crash and recover " philosophy proven by two decades of deployment on large soft - realtime production systems .
http://highscalability.com/new-facebook-chat-feature-scales-70-million-users-using-erlang
http://www.facebook.com/note.php?note_id=14218138919 , also
tcpAcceptor( Srv , ListeningSocket ) -> case gen_tcp:accept( ListeningSocket ) of {ok , Sock} ->
Pid = spawn ( fun ( ) -> receive permission -> inet : setopts ( Sock , [ binary , {packet , http_bin} , {active , true} ] ) after 60000 -> timeout end , collectHttpHeaders ( Srv , Sock , tstamp ( )+?
HTTP_HDR_RCV_TMO , [ ] ) end ) , gen_tcp:controlling_process( Sock , Pid ) , Pid !
permission , tcpAcceptor ( Srv , ListeningSocket ) ; {error , econnaborted} -> tcpAcceptor( Srv , ListeningSocket ) ; {error , closed} -> finished ; Msg -> error_logger:error_msg ( " Acceptor died : ~p~n " , [ Msg ] ) , gen_tcp:close ( ListeningSocket ) end .
collectHttpHeaders( Srv , Sock , UntilTS , Headers ) -> Timeout = ( UntilTS - tstamp ( ) ) , receive %
Add this next header into the pile of already received headers {http , Sock , {http_header , _Length , Key , undefined , Value}} -> collectHttpHeaders( Srv , Sock , UntilTS , [ {header , { Key , Value}}|Headers ] ) ; {http , Sock , {http_request , Method , Path , HTTPVersion}} -> collectHttpHeaders ( Srv , Sock , UntilTS , [ {http_request , decode_method ( Method ) , Path , HTTPVersion} | Headers ] ) ; {http , Sock , http_eoh} -> inet :setopts ( Sock , [ {active , false} , { packet , 0} ] ) , reply ( Sock , lists : reverse( Headers ) , fun( Hdrs ) -> dispatch_http_request( Srv , Hdrs ) end ) ; {tcp_closed , Sock} -> nevermind ; Msg -> io : format ( " Invalid message received : ~p~nAfter : ~p~n " , [ Msg , lists : reverse( Headers ) ] ) after Timeout -> reply ( Sock , Headers , fun(_ ) -> [ {status , 408 , " Request Timeout " } , {header , {<<" Content - Type : " >> , < < " text / html " >> }} , {html , " < html > < title > Request timeout </ title > " " < body > < h1 > Request timeout </h1></ body ></html>"} ] end ) end .
Non-SMP Yucan ( 1 core ) SMP Yucan ( 4 core ) Side notes
About 3 k requests per second for Non-SMP , and surprizing 2kRPS for SMP .
Not good .
Understandable .
Red stuff means errors , normalized ; red value should be as close to zero as possible .
100 on this scale means 1 % requests never finished or finished badly .
Here , with backlog of 5 we see almost 3 k requests per second for non-SMP system and a satisfactory almost 4 k for SMP system .
Best backlog value !
A tiny bit better than before on Non-SMP front and a great margin better on SMP configuration .
8 k RPS for sure , maybe even honest 8500 .
Clearly , more is not always better .
256 entries long TCP backlog hurts performance noticeably in both SMP and Non-SMP systems .
But we can state 3k / 8 k requests per second anyway .
- smp enable
httperf
ERROR : root : Exception in I / O handler for fd 5 Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " /home/vlm/tornado-0.2/tornado/ioloop.py " , line 189 , in start self .
_handlers [fd ] ( fd , events ) File " /home/vlm/tornado-0.2/tornado/httpserver.py " , line 94 , in _handle_events connection , address = self._socket.accept ()
File " /usr/local/lib/python2.6/socket.py " , line 195 , in accept sock , addr = self._sock.accept ( ) error : [ Errno 53 ]
Software caused connection abort Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " ./ws.py " , line 18 , in > module > tornado.ioloop.IOLoop.instance ( ) . start ( )
File " /home/vlm/tornado-0.2/tornado/ioloop.py " , line 173 , in start event_pairs = self._impl.poll(poll_timeout )
File " /home/vlm/tornado-0.2/tornado/ioloop.py " , line 340 , in poll self .
read_fds , self.write_fds , self.error_fds , timeout ) ValueError : filedescriptor out of range in select ( ) [ vlm@yucan ~/tornado -0.2 ] $
Rate , Received reply rate , Normalized error rate ( 1/100 % ) , " Generated request rate ( also , expected reply rate ) " , Error rate , Attempt 1 , Attempt 2 , Attempt 3 , Error 1 , Error 2 , Error 3
1000 rps,1000,0,1000,0,1000,1000,1000,0,0,0
2000 rps,1999,0,2000,0,2000,2000,1999,0,0,0
3000 rps,2999,0,3000,0,2999,2999,3000,0,0,0
4000 rps,3997,0,4000,0,3997,3997,3997,0,0,0
5000 rps,4998,0,5000,0,4998,4998,4998,0,0,0
6000 rps,5999,0,6000,0,5999,5999,5999,0,0,0
7000 rps,7001,0,7000,0,7001,7001,7001,0,0,0
8000 rps,5725,1600,8000,16,5985,4049,7141,29,9,10
9000 rps,7364,1700,9000,17,7187,7044,7862,21,13,17
10000 rps,6070,2733,10000,27,5759,6333,6119,29,27,26
Warning : epoll / select :
If you think you have discovered a potential problem with my test , and this problem is the lack of epoll use in Tornado , you are right .
However , while using epoll ( I will have to find Linux somewhere , which is not a trivial task due to relative scarcity of such systems ) will almost certainly fix the Tornado crash problem , this is only part of the story .
The other part is the baseline performance of Tornado as compared to other web servers , and here is where it gets interesting .
My assessment is that enabling epoll will not help with its baseline performance .
Why ?
Read my replies to several commenters below , wrt . the number of open sockets during the tests .
If you want to repeat my test on a comprable Linux system , you are encouraged to do so , since webserver - benchmark.pl is available .
I 'll gladly publish the results here .
Translation : if you think epoll is better than select on a tiny number of hyper- active file descriptors , you are poised to do some reading .
See
http://www.cs.uwaterloo.ca/~brecht/papers/getpaper.php?file=ols-2004.ps
http://www.gelato.org/pdf/Illinois/gelato_IL2004_epoll_brecht.pdf
Good things sometimes happen to the open source community .
Since Facebook acquisition of FriendFeed , a bunch of technologies were released to the wild , including , most notably , a Tornado web server written in Python .
The Tornado is touted as a « a scalable , non-blocking web server and web framework » .
See Wikipedia article http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tornado_HTTP_Server on some details on the performance of that server , as well as some comparison with other web servers .
Here 's the chart , taken from Wikipedia :
The numbers looked interesting , so I decided to benchmark Tornado myself to check out how it fares against some Erlang tools .
Keep in mind that Erlang runtime itself is not the fastest beast in the woods .
It is generally considered slower than many other interpreted languages ( including Python ) , especially on file operations ( due to complexities of thelibrary doing most of heavy lifting ) .
However , the network I /O , message passing and [ green ] process spawning are quite fast , so people use Erlang quite extensively ( comparatively ) as a nice web backend .
Facebook itself uses Erlang for the Facebook Chat application :
There are a few web servers for Erlang VM , notably Yaws and Mochiweb .
Yaws is positioned as the most general purpose ( and most mature ) web server , resembling Apache of imperative world .
Mochiweb , in turn , is mostly a special purpose embedded web server ( though Yaws can be embedded too ) .
Here 's a nice comparison of Yaws , Mochiweb and Nginx : http://www.joeandmotorboat.com/2009/01/03/nginx-vs-yaws-vs-mochiweb-web-server-performance-deathmatch-part-2/
Since I know Yaws performance very well ( several thousand requests per second on modern hardware , generally a very competitive piece of software ) , I was interested in comparing it to Tornado using some sort of a stress test .
But soon I realized that I also wanted to measure some baseline Erlang performance .
Yaws does a bit of heavy lifting under the hood , which is not always valuable , especially in embedded environment .
We can do better .
So , I sat today at the Specialty 's and implemented a small web server from scratch , using the newly documented Erlang 's http packet filter .
Name 's ( does not mean anything ) .
So , meet .
Here 's the front of the web server : a central TCP acceptor loop .
See how easy it is to spawn a process per connection :
Here 's Yucan 's request header assembler , using the convenient http packet filter provided by Erlang : I also wanted to get a feeling of the TCP listening backlog effect on that web server , so I did a number of tests for different backlogs : 1 , 5 , 128 , 256 .
And , for the sake of completion , I also intended to run the stress tests against a single - thread and SMP - enabled Erlang VM configurations .
For a testing engine , I drafted a perl wrapper around the old httperf routine , which throws 1000 , 2000 , … , 10000 requests per second at a web site a number of times , averages data , captures error rates , and saves the result into a CSV for colorful graphing .
There 's nothing fancy about this perl wrapper , here it is Test bed was a 4 core 2.5GHz Xeon L5420 running the web server , and another such system as a source of requests .
FreeBSD - 7.2 . Erlang R13B01 .
HiPE did not make a sound difference , see my email to erlang - questions
Here are the graphs for the different TCP listening backlog and SMP / Non-SMP variables .
It shows backlog of 128 entries as a sweet spot irrespectively of SMP mode .
Incidentally , a Tornado web server also uses backlog of 128 by default .
Yaws uses 5 , which is Erlang 's gen_tcp 's default value .
Now , since we see that TCP listening backlog of 128 is a sweet spot for at least Yucan , and also is a default setting for Tornado , let 's fix that backlog setting at 128 .
First , let 's compare Yucan and Yaws side by side :
Oh , my dear !
What the hell is that ?
Whereas Yucan runs close to 8500 requests per second on 4 cores , Yaws is only 2 k , maybe 2.5 k per second on the same SMP system !
It can be explained to a degree by the fact that I used the production configuration for Yaws , with custom #arg rewriter which adds a bit to the running time .
Also ,
Yaws itself is not the simplest piece of code , and perhaps has accumulated some inefficiencies over time which prevent it from scoring well against 180 lines of But anyway , Yaws ' 2 k RPS is for a production configuration , not just a tiny benchmark .
Let 's go to the Tornado web server test , which is clearly a tiny benchmark ( see http://www.tornadoweb.org/
, I just copied these 15 lines of code off that page and used it ) .
We switch Yucan to the Non-SMP mode to compare apples with apples .
in a single thread configuration ( listed as 3.3k RPS on AMD 2.4 GHz ) it showed 4k RPS on my 2.5 GHz Xeon .
Which is clearly faster than Yucan 's 3.5k RPS in the same single thread configuration .
Tornado is touted as a scalable thing , but it does appear to require nginx load balancer in front of the farm of independent Tornado processes ( each will end up running on its own core , mostly ) to show its scalability .
This has a clear disadvantage in communication : in order to exchange data between these independent processes , a Tornado application will have to use some form of IPC ( Thrift , JSON , XMLRPC , etc ) .
Erlang Yucan proves to be much better in this respect : it can scale up to 8 k by just giving the erlang VMflag .
That 's it : no complex set up , just a flag , and no changes to the application whatsoever .
Yucan was written with at least two contention points : the TCP acceptor and a dispatcher lookup table process .
And nevertheless , it scaled well , because Erlang has found opportunities for parallelization even in that code .
Tornado has funneled under load !
At some point whilewas doing a 6000 requests per second test round , the Tornado web server died with the following diagnostics : Neither Yucan nor Yaws allowed themselves such a liberty .
Yes , even in Erlang certain things ( in an isolated processes ) can go wrong , but Erlang is specifically designed to be resilient to programming failures by adopting share - nothing semantics , message passing , process linking and supervision , and other nice concepts .
Taken together , these things greatly simplify programmer 's life , while Erlang VM produces more than acceptable out - of - the - box performance on real life tasks .
So , here we are .
The data are open to further interpretation .
Roberto Ostinelli has contacted me asking to perform the same set of tests against the trunk version of misultin .
Misultin ( pronounced mee- sul - teen ) is an Erlang library for building fast lightweight HTTP servers .
Due to the fact that the same design criteria were used for misultin ( e.g. , embeddability and lean code ) , I presumed it would very closely match Yucan performance .
However , please note that the code uses TCP backlog of 30 by default for some reason , which proved to be a bit less optimal in my Yucan tests ( I did Yucan test with 64 backlog entries and it was a tiny bit worse than the one with 128 entries ) .
Anyway , here 's the data ( misultin - smp - 30.csv ) : Looking at these numbers , it is clear that misultin and Yucan are very similar in performance and load handling .
Yucan starts to turn its nose at 9 k RPS ( 5 % errors ) , misultin is a bit earlier at 8 k ( 16 % errors ) .
I can only applaud Roberto Ostinelli for developing this server , and recommend it to others , especially since it is incomparably more mature than my today 's experiment with Yucan .
A photo illustration of a drag race at a motor speeedway in Texas .
Far from the fury of traditional race - tracks , spectators have been getting a glimpse of the future as they watched electric cars rev up , and silently bomb off around the Mason - Dixon Dragway .
Far from the fury of traditional race - tracks , spectators got a glimpse of the future as they watched electric cars rev up , and silently bomb off around the Mason - Dixon Dragway .
Reaching speeds of more than 100 miles ( 160 kilometers ) an hour , the cars , motorcycles and tricycles provided an eye - opener for bemused crowds at the Maryland track , more used to the dust , dirt and smells of gas - fueled dragsters .
" Seeing them run for the first time today definitely scared me because their times are kinda close to some of my times , " said drag racer Travis Beall .
" Every year they are getting faster and faster . "
Such meets are helping electric cars shed their old - fashioned , stuffy image as the preferred vehicle for those who do n't mind moving at a snail 's pace .
At one recent weekend meet about 20 enthusiasts tried out their electric vehicles , racing them furiously , but silently , around the quarter - mile asphalt track .
Over in a grassy field , tech geeks and speed freaks alike checked out the electric vehicles , from sports cars to three - wheelers that more resembled UFOs than serious speed machines .
" People laugh at electric cars and say they are golf carts , but they 're not , " said Jo Reyes , 43 , from Maryland , a former Ferrari mechanic who now builds electric vehicles .
" We 've come a long way .
Look at these Teslas here , they will spank Ferraris . "
The National Electric Drag Racing Association sponsors contests like these across the United States , and according to non-profit organization Plug - in - America which promotes electric cars , there are roughly 5,350 highway - capable vehicles on the road .
These electric drag racers hope to gain more fans by showcasing the latest models , like the Tesla Roadster , a 109,000 - dollar sports car which can go over 100 miles per hour .
A dark red model won the all - electric competition here , clocking it at 103.9 miles per hour .
Electric vehicles race under three categories .
" Production EVs , " cars originally manufactured with electric power systems ; " Conversion EVs , " internal combustion engine cars converted to electric ; and electric motorcycles .
Dressed in a black helmet decorated with dreadlocks made out of electric cord , Jeff Disinger pushed his purple flame - painted electric motorcycle to 88.9 miles an hour , winning second place in the competition .
The 45 - year - old tattoo artist from New York used to drag race gasoline - powered motorcycles , but hopes his switch to electric will help him stand out on the racing circuit and win sponsors .
" I 've dragged raced a lot of normally aspirated engines and just thought this would be a different avenue .
Nobody else had been doing it and I 'm trying to be the first to make it look good , " he said .
Most electric vehicle owners drive them for their low fuel costs .
Joseph Lado , 47 , is a program specialist at the National Science Foundation from Virginia .
His bright yellow 1985 Pontiac Fiero was converted to an electric system 16 years ago .
The car now costs 12 dollars a month to charge .
But Lado said the real advantage is the quiet ride .
" The car is completely silent .
I could hear the wind blowing and the birds chirping in the trees , " he said .
" You know you 're not using any energy at that point and you should n't be . "
But there are drawbacks .
On the open road , electric car drivers can't just pull over to a gas station for an electricity refill .
Driving distance is limited to a few hundred miles .
And racers here had to use a diesel generator to charge their cars for the track .
Specialized lithium ion batteries to power a car engine can cost up to 30,000 dollars .
" The battery technology is a challenge right now , " said Chip Gribben , president of the national association .
" As soon as we can get more production of batteries the price will go lower and then more people will be able to afford them . "
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Raptor : An Electric Car Nearly Anyone Would Want to Drive
Sarah Palin ’s soon - to - be- released book was ghostwritten by Lynn Vincent .
Who ’s Lynn Vincent ?
She ’s the co-author of a book with white supremacist blogger Robert Stacy McCain .
Vincent is also a credited author on “ Donkey Cons : Sex , Crime , and Corruption in the Democratic Party , ” a take - down of the Democrats co-written by conservative author Robert Stacy McCain .
Previous LGF posts about Robert Stacy McCain ’s connections to neo -Nazis and white supremacist organizations :
A Response to Stephen Green ( With Link )
Robert Stacy McCain ’s Angry Departure From the Washington Times
The Other ‘ Other McCain ’
Audio : Robert Stacy McCain on Alan Colmes Radio Show
UPDATE at 9/29/09 7:22:24 pm :
More details on Lynn Vincent ’s involvement in Palin ’s book : S.D. ghostwriter mum on Sarah Palin memoir .
One San Diegan knows all the details of Sarah Palin ’s soon - to - be released memoir , but do n’t ask her about it .
She ca n’t tell .
Lynn Vincent , Palin ’s ghostwriter , has signed a non-disclosure agreement .
She has been hard at work on the book for the past few months with Palin , the former Alaska governor and John McCain ’s running mate .
So quick did their writing progress that the publisher announced yesterday that the 400 - page memoir ’s release date , originally scheduled for spring , has been moved up to Nov. 17 , with an e-book version following on Dec. 26 .
After resigning as governor in late July , Palin spent most of August in San Diego working with Vincent on the book , “ Going Rogue : An American Life . ”
Rumors swirled about Palin sightings at Vincent ’s condo complex in north San Diego County .
Palin reportedly was joined here by her family and top aide , Meghan Stapleton .
This month , Palin huddled with her editors in New York .
UPDATE at 9/29/09 7:50:03 pm :
Lynn Vincent and Robert Stacy McCain ’s blog : Donkey Cons .
UPDATE at 9/29/09 8:00:39 pm :
A reminder of Robert Stacy McCain ’s feelings on the subject of interracial marriage .
“ [ T ] he media now force interracial images into the public mind and a number of perfectly rational people react to these images with an altogether natural revulsion .
The white person who does not mind transacting business with a black bank clerk may yet be averse to accepting the clerk as his sister - in - law , and THIS IS NOT RACISM , no matter what Madison Avenue , Hollywood and Washington tell us . ”
UPDATE at 9/29/09 8:03:30 pm :
Here ’s Lynn Vincent claiming that abortion is Black genocide .
And here ’s Lynn Vincent arguing in favor of creationism : Science vs. science .
UPDATE at 9/29/09 8:45:45 pm :
If you ’re going out shopping for a ghostwriter , how hard is it to find reputable people without extremist views and associations ?
There are thousands of people who could have done this job .
Sarah Palin picked one who is an extreme anti-abortion creationist , associated with an open white supremacist .
Bad judgment does n’t even begin to describe this .
LSD , the drug that launched the psychedelic era and became one of the resounding symbols of the counterculture movement of the ' 60s , is back in the labs .
Nearly 40 years after widespread fear over recreational abuse of LSD and other hallucinogens forced dozens of scientists to abandon their work , researchers at a handful of major institutions - including UCSF and Harvard University - are reigniting studies .
Scientists started looking at less controversial drugs , like ecstasy and magic mushrooms , in the late 1990s , but LSD studies only began about a year ago and are still rare .
The study at UCSF , which is being run by a UC Berkeley graduate student , is looking into the mechanisms of LSD and how it works in the brain .
The hope is that such research might support further studies into medical applications of LSD - for chronic headaches , for example - or psychiatric uses .
" Psychedelics are in labs all over the world and there 's a lot of promise , " said Rick Doblin , director of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies in Santa Cruz .
" The situation with LSD is that because it was the quintessential symbol of the ' 60s , it was the last to enter the lab . "
LSD - lysergic acid diethylamide - is a synthetic psychedelic drug and one of the strongest hallucinogens in the world .
Created in Switzerland in 1938 , LSD was used primarily for psychiatric research through the next couple of decades before it burst onto the counterculture scene as a recreational drug .
Harvard University Professor Timothy Leary , along with a handful of scientists , began promoting LSD use for the psychedelic trips .
With a fairly small dose , users discovered they could experience vivid visual hallucinations and altered consciousness .
But as recreational use increased , so did cases of users having negative and even dangerous experiences with the drug , especially when they mixed LSD with other drugs .
Polarizing issue
Researchers were using LSD to explore treatment into everything from alcoholism and drug addiction to anxiety in cancer patients .
But as notoriety of the drug spread , it became a polarizing issue among serious scientists , many of whom abandoned their research .
In 1966 , the federal government made LSD illegal , and by the early 1970s , research into all psychedelic drugs in humans had come to a halt , although some scientists continued to study the drugs in animals .
" What poisoned the well was the widespread abuse being promoted by scientists to the public , " said Dr. John Mendelson , an associate professor of medicine and psychiatry at UCSF who is helping run the LSD study .
" That put a lot of researchers off , and it made it very hard for researchers to justify getting back into the field .
And there were no pressing health needs , no pressing treatments other than curiosity . "
Researchers at UCLA were among the first to return to hallucinogen studies , starting with the drug ecstasy about 10 years ago .
Research into psychedelic drugs expanded , with prominent labs around the country studying ecstasy and natural hallucinogens like psilocybin , or magic mushrooms , and peyote .
But LSD , still in disrepute , remained off - limits .
The first studies involving LSD in human subjects started last year at Harvard University , and the UCSF study is only the second in the country .
At Harvard , scientists are studying potential uses of LSD to treat cluster headaches - chronic headaches that affect sufferers during months - long cycles several times a year .
The federal government never banned LSD outright for use in research , but for decades it was nearly impossible to get funding or federal approval .
As research into hallucinogens has slowly picked up , private and nonprofit groups have sprung up to seek funding sources .
It still is n't easy to get an LSD study off the ground .
Researchers must get permission from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the Drug Enforcement Administration plus state regulators , and they need approval from the institution they work for .
Then they have to get approval for the source of the actual drug - in the case of UCSF , researchers are using LSD that was manufactured years ago in Switzerland .
Regulatory maze
" Getting through the regulatory maze is quite daunting .
It 's taken me years to build a system where the FDA and DEA and everyone are happy with how we do our work , " Mendelson said .
" You have to have a very safe protocol .
It 's a very cautious system . "
Even finding participants for the studies can be a difficult process .
The UC researchers usually have to screen 100 volunteers before they can find one who meets their needs .
Subjects must have done LSD at least a couple of times before , Mendelson said .
" You do n't want people who are looking for a legal way to get a first experience , " he said .
" This is n't fun .
There 's no Grateful Dead music playing .
This is serious business . "
Stanislav Grof was one of the last scientists to abandon hallucinogenic research when he shut down several projects at the Maryland Psychiatric Research Center in 1973 after his funding dried up .
He moved to California to work at a research institute in Big Sur , where he turned to studies about how to re-create the effects of those drugs through meditation and breathing techniques .
Mixed feelings
Now semiretired and living in Mill Valley , Grof said he has mixed feelings about the re-emergence of hallucinogen studies .
He 's pleased to see some of the stigma falling away from drugs like LSD , but it bothers him that the scientific community lost decades of research .
" I thought psychiatry and psychology really lost a major opportunity because of the abuse that happened with unsupervised research , " Grof said .
" These are fascinating substances - and they 're very , very powerful , so they should be used with great precaution . "
I do n’t know about you , but I ’m not really ready to shell out a few hundred bucks to buy a universal remote that supports the PS3 .
Logitech ’s Harmony series remotes are really nice , but if you want PS3 support , you ’ll have to buy a special infrared adapter on top of the remotes to make them work with your setup .
Fortunately , you wo n’t have to do that anymore , thanks to SMK - Link , a U.S. hardware manufacturer that specializes in remotes of all kinds .
At $ 50 , The Blu - Link PS3 Universal Remote supports both Bluetooth and infrared devices .
That ’s pretty cheap considering that harmony remotes cost from $ 60 to $ 500 , and that you ’ll have to pay another extra $ 60 for the special adapter if you want to make them work with the PS3 .
Blu - Link Universal PS3 Remote – Top Features
Control PS3 ™ : Built - In Bluetooth™ radio for controlling Sony PlayStation© 3
6 Devices in one : Replace up to six different remote controls
Large Library : Pre-programmed to support numerous models of TVs , VCRs , DVDs , DVRs , surround sound systems , cable , satellite and set top boxes
Learning Remote : Learn codes from other remote controls
Ergonomic
Compact Design : Sleek shape is easy to hold
DVR Friendly Layout : Frequently used buttons are centrally located
Advanced Controls
Blu - Ray and DVD Control : Specific buttons to control top menu , popup menu , angle , audio channel and subtitle features of movies
Advanced PS3 ™ Buttons : Dedicated buttons such as triangle , circle , square , X , Select , Home and Start for maximum control of PlayStation© 3
Powerful
Non-Volatile Memory : Settings are stored in non-volatile memory so they are n’t lost when batteries are changed .
Augmented Learning : Start with a pre-programmed device code and customize it by learning
[ Blu - Link Universal Remote Control for PlayStation 3 – $ 49.99 on Amazon.com ]
US relaxes grip on the internet
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
Icann oversees the structure of the net The US government has relaxed its control over how the internet is run .
It has signed a four - page " affirmation of commitments " with the net regulator Icann , giving the body autonomy for the first time .
Previous agreements gave the US close oversight of Icann - drawing criticism from other countries and groups .
The new agreement comes into effect on 1 October , exactly 40 years since the first two computers were connected on the prototype of the net .
" It 's a beautifully historic day , " Rod Beckstrom , Icann 's head , told BBC News .
The European Commission , which has long been critical of Icann 's alliance with the US government , welcomed the new deal .
" Internet users worldwide can now anticipate that Icann 's decisions ... will be more independent and more accountable , taking into account everyone 's interests , " said Viviane Reding , European Commissioner for information society and media .
' Global system ' The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( Icann ) is a not - for - profit private sector corporation - set up by the US government - to oversee critical parts of the internet , such as the top - level domain ( TLD ) name system .
Top level domains include .com and .uk .
Since its inception in 1998 , it has periodically signed accords - known collectively as the Joint Project Agreement ( JPA ) - with the US Commerce Department 's National Telecommunications and Information Administration .
we endorse this Affirmation and applaud the maturing of Icann 's role in the provision of internet stability
Eric Schmidt
CEO , Google
These papers meant that the US government was responsible for reviewing the work of the body .
These have now been abandoned in favour of the new " affirmation of commitments " , a brief document which turns the review process over to the global " internet community " .
" Under the JPA , Icann staff would conduct reviews and hand them over to the US government , " explained Mr Beckstrom .
" Now we submit those reviews to the world and post them publically for all to comment . "
In addition , independent review panels - including representatives of foreign governments - would specifically oversee Icann 's work in three specific areas : security , competition and accountability .
The US will retain a permanent seat on the accountability panel .
Mr Beckstrom said the decision to break away from the US government in all other areas had been made " over the last year and a half " .
" Stakeholders told us that the JPA should not be renewed and that it was n't appropriate for it to be renewed , " he told BBC News .
" It is also recognition by the US government that the internet is a global system . "
The internet began as a research project by the US military , known as Arpanet .
On 1 October 1969 , the second computer was connected to the network , said Mr Beckstrom .
Ever since , the US has paid close attention to the workings and growth of the net .
" Today 's announcement bolsters the long - term viability of the internet as a force for innovation , economic growth , and freedom of expression , " said US Assistant Secretary for communications and information Lawrence Strickling .
" This framework puts the public interest front and centre . "
Businesses have also welcomed the change of direction by the US .
" Google and its users depend every day on a vibrant and expanding internet ; we endorse this affirmation and applaud the maturing of Icann 's role in the provision of internet stability , " said Eric Schmidt , CEO of Google .
However , the new agreement does not totally sever the links between the US government and Icann entirely .
In addition , Icann also has a separate agreement with the US - to run the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) - that expires in 2011 .
The IANA oversees the net 's addressing system .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The music industry moved last night to heal a rift over illegal filesharing as artists including Lily Allen , George Michael and Sandie Shaw voted to support a " three - strikes " rule that would see online pirates have their broadband connections constrained .
After a three - hour meeting in London , the Featured Artists Coalition , which emerged as a breakaway lobby group in the summer , backed the government 's proposed introduction of " technical measures " to combat the rising tide of copyright theft .
If they ignore two warning letters , persistent illegal filesharers should have their broadband connections throttled " to a level which would render filesharing of media files impractical while leaving basic email and web access " , according to a statement after the meeting .
Earlier in the day , the industry 's umbrella group UK Music sent Lord Mandelson , the business secretary , a letter calling for persistent offenders to be given written warnings .
As a last resort , the letter added , flagrant offenders should face having their connections suspended .
Signed by lobby groups representing musicians , managers , music labels and record companies – including the Musician 's Union and rights collection agency PRS – the letter said : " We support government proposals which would see internet service providers ( ISPs ) send notifications and apply technical measures to impede and discourage the use of unlicensed peer - to - peer networks and to encourage the use of legitimate services .
" We agree that a clear distinction should be made between how technical measures are applied to the casual infringer , compared to how they are applied to the persistent infringer , with temporary suspension of broadband accounts being applicable only as a last resort . "
The letter and the consensus reached by FAC come just days ahead of the closing of the government 's consultation on how to tackle online piracy , which was sparked by June 's publication of the Digital Britain report .
A music industry source said last night : " We are delighted this historic agreement has been reached . "
Speaking after the meeting in the Air Studios in north London , FAC board member and Radiohead guitarist Ed O'Brien described the outcome as " groundbreaking " .
" The last week or so there has been a perceived split in our opinions as artists ... we all came together , " he said .
" I think everyone has listened to one another and been human beings and reasonable . "
Earlier in the day Lily Allen , one of the few younger artists to speak out against online piracy , said she was dropping her public campaign against copyright theft because " the abuse was getting too much " .
She had set up a blog " It 's Not Alright " – in reference to her first album Alright , Still - collating artists ' views after her comments that " filesharing is a disaster " for new talent .
In its statement last night the FAC , expressed support for Allen and condemned " the vitriol that has been directed at her in recent days " .
The FAC still does not support persistent illegal filesharers having their connections suspended , but its support for " a final sanction of the restriction of the infringer 's bandwidth " does mark a significant change in its tone .
But O'Brien denied any climbdown .
" There is no talk of capitulation , everybody 's really happy , " he said .
" The outcome is entirely consistent with the way that we have been talking and our concerns . "
Yesterday , Mandelson , who last month shocked consumer groups and internet service providers with his anti-piracy plan , warned it is vital to the economy to protect the UK 's creative industries .
" We have got great talent but we have got to nurture it and we have got to protect it and we have got to ensure that people who become performers or work in these industries get properly compensated , " he said after a visit to the Brit Academy in Croydon , south London .
Asked about his proposal that illegal filesharers should have their connections cut - off , he added " we are talking about a temporary , possibly short - lived , suspension of persistent unlawful filesharers after many written notifications with a chance to appeal . "
" It does not get more modest or more fair than that , but we have a responsibility to put these options forward for people to debate and consider because we want to see talent protected .
We want to see talent properly compensated otherwise that talent is not going to produce the music that people want to hear in this country . "
But the ISPs are adamant they will not pick up the bill for securing the future of the music industry .
John Petter , head of BT 's consumer division , warned yesterday that suspending the connections of users caught illegally downloading copyrighted files could cost £ 1 m a day – or £ 25 a year for every broadband customer in the country .
BPI chief executive Geoff Taylor , however , angrily retorted that BT 's figures are " unsubstantiated " and the company should " recognise that reducing illegal use of its network is a cost of running a socially responsible business " .
" BT is clinging on to an old business model which is supported by illegal downloading .
That 's not only unfair to artists and creators , but penalises BT 's many customers who use the internet legally , " he said .
Texas Rep. Ron Paul was on the Daily Show last night , where he went through his standard spiel about personal liberty and why the Federal Reserve should be abolished .
In noting that Mr. Paul ’s radical ideas about the Fed have gained wider acceptance in the wake of the financial crisis Daily Show host Jon Stewart compared Paul to a “ cool indie band ” that is a cult favorite but suddenly goes mainstream .
“ It scares the daylights out of me , ” was Paul ’s response to this observation .
Paul has become something of a regular on late night shows like the Daily Show and its Comedy Central cousin , The Colbert Report .
And while hosts do n’t exactly agree with him , it ’s hard for a comedian to resist a man whose views rattle both Democrats and Republicans .
Say what you want about Paul :
The man is consistent , he does not pander , and those two qualities alone make him a lot more watchable than the stay - on - messagefests that are common on shows like Meet the Press .
Colbert Report host Stephen Colbert once called Paul “ an enigma wrapped in a riddle nestled in a sesame seed bun of mystery . ”
For instance , last night on the Daily Show Paul blamed the Fed for everything from welfare moms to foreign wars in a single breath .
Later , he blamed big government for the undue power of lobbyists and contractors like Halliburton .
Stewart , who asks perhaps the most probing questions of any late night talk show host , challenged Paul on the idea of the government always destroying personal liberty , noting that in the case of civil rights it was government that preserved it .
( Paul did n’t exactly concede , and instead brought up Enron , adding : “ It ’s hard to enforce fraud laws when the government participates in fraud , ” said Paul . )
Eventually Stewart was forced to slide down the inevitable slope that is a debate with a libertarian :
How small can the government get ?
Do you abolish the military ?
Along this line , Stewart asked Paul for an example of a country that at least approximated his views of how things should be run .
Paul responded that the early days of America were about as close as it got .
“ How you ’ve survived in government for 11 terms , I do n’t know , ” Stewart said at the end of the interview .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - People want to save the planet but are unwilling to make radical lifestyle changes like giving up air travel or red meat to reduce the effects of climate change , a straw poll by Reuters showed .
A traveller walks to his flight at Ronald Reagan National Airport as the sun rises in Washington , September 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
As leaders gear up for another round of climate change talks later this month in New York , motivating people to change their lifestyles will be crucial in ensuring cuts in planet - warming greenhouse gases , experts say .
Over 40 percent of Britain ’s carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions , the main greenhouse gas causing climate change , come from the energy we use at home and in traveling .
A straw poll of 15 British men and 15 British women between the ages of 25 - 75 in central London , showed all were willing to make small changes for the environment , such as recycling , but few would commit to more fundamental changes to behavior .
“ I try to minimize using my car but I would n’t give it up , ” a 42 - year - old man , Emerald Wijesinthe , told Reuters .
Changing small habits like leaving appliances on standby are relatively easy , but more radical changes face resistance .
“ We know from plenty of evidence in social , personality , and clinical psychology that people generally do not like to change their identities - they prefer stability , ” Tim Kasser , psychology professor at Knox College in Illinois , told Reuters .
Tapping into gender differences could help focus energy efficiency measures and deliver better results .
“ Women are more likely to be energy conscious and willing to make habit - related changes , whereas men are more likely to make investments in more efficient equipment , ” said Sarah Darby , research fellow at UK Research Council ’s Energy Programme .
All the women interviewed in the straw poll said they made efforts to reduce energy use , compared with 60 percent of men .
Seventy percent of men said they were unwilling to change their lifestyles , compared with just 10 percent of women .
“ I make sure the house is n’t overheated , lower our meat intake and grow vegetables , ” said 71 - year old Rosie Hughes .
Eighteen percent of all greenhouse gas emissions is due to meat production , according to the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organisation .
Research suggests women in general show more empathy and concern for the greater good than men , Kasser added , which made them more likely to think about the impacts of their daily behavior on the environment .
In fact , appealing to people ’s altruistic side is likely to spur people to make fundamental changes , rather than motivation from financial concerns , and advertisers can play an important role in encouraging greener lifestyles .
“ Climate change is now a marketing challenge as well as a scientific one , ” said Ian Curtis , founder of Oxfordshire climate project ClimateXchange .
For a factbox on the impact of energy use , click on
The mobster Vincent ' Vinnie ' Antonelli is under the witness protection program and the FBI agent Barney Coopersmith is assigned to take Vinnie and his wife Linda to a house in the suburbs .
However their wives leave Vinnie and Barney and the agent gets closer to the gangster and befriends him .
Vinnie is a bon vivant and a crook and does not keep the necessary low profile .
The District Attorney Hannah Stubbs arrests him but Barney releases him from jail since he needs to testify against the Mafia .
Soon Barney falls in love with Stubbs , but Vinnie gets into many troubles calling the attention of two hitmen from the Mafia .
The police officer Crystal Rybak protects him and they also falls in love with each other .
In the end , the good - hearted Vinnie becomes a prominent personality in the suburbs .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
I ’ve needed to write some Python code to handle encryption and decryption recently .
This is a short post describing how I did it .
I ’m interacting with a system which encrypts data in transit like so :
The encryption algorithm is AES with a 16 bit [ sic ] key .
The cipher mode is CBC with PKCS5 padding .
The initialisation vector is 16 bytes of 00 .
Thus I need to handle 128 - bit AES in CBC mode , and padding according to PKCS5 .
In addition , the key and encrypted data is all base64 encoded .
There are a number of cryptography packages for Python .
The first I found was a blog post describing PyCrypto .
My requirements include PKCS5 padding , which PyCrypto does n’t seem to do .
It also has it ’s own implementations of the encryption algorithms .
The padding algorithm seems pretty simple .
If I understand correctly , it ’d go something like this in Python :
But I ’ve got better things to do than convince myself that I ’ve implemented it correctly .
Thankfully , there ’s another options : Me Too Crypto .
Unlike PyCrypto , M2 Crypto is a Python wrapper around OpenSSL which is nice , as my code will be running under mod_wsgi embedded in Apache along with mod_ssl .
Alas , it has rather poor documentation .
The best guide to using it I ’ve seen is the test code .
I ’m using the EVP interface , and found test_AES ( ) in the EVP tests invaluable .
Without further ado , the code :
Blizzcon –
That name alone sends chills down any Diablo , Starcraft , or Warcraft fan .
This event is the Mecca for Blizzard fans to get their beaks wet with insider info and hands - on demos of upcoming titles .
It is almost impossible to get tickets due to the fact that they sell out within minutes ( I tried but failed ) .
Luckily Blizzcon was being offered on Direct TV and your boy Iron Spider was right there watching it .
So here ’s what went down .
There were a lot of announcements this year for our favorite games .
I ’ll start with my personal favorite game * gasp * World Of Warcraft .
Blizzard is injecting new life into WoW with the release of the new expansion pack called Cataclysm .
The Story with Cataclysm is pretty damn awesome .
One of Azeroth ’s greatest foes Deathwing ( for all you noobs , Deathwing was the bad guy from Warcraft 2 : Beyond the Dark Portal ) has broken free from his prison deep under Azeroth .
Deathwing ’s escape has caused a Cataclysm that brought many changes in the world ( he pretty much ripped Azeroth a new A - hole ) .
Natural disasters are a product of his freedom : tidal waves , volcanoes , earthquakes , sink holes , wild fires .
This means some zones have been destroyed while other zones have been given new life .
Cataclysm brings us so many goodies .
For starters two new playable races , The Horde gets a new ally with the Goblins and the Alliance gets Furies with the Worgen ( sorry I just had to say it , Ha ha ! Furies ) .
Blizzard has brought in “ phasing terrain ” first introduced in Wrath of The Litch King .
Phasing Terrain is an effect that actually changes the environment as the player completes quests .
One feature I ’m super excited for ( I had to think of old ladies in leather to calm the wood down from this one ) FLYING MOUNTS ALL AROUND AZEROTH !!!
The Level Cap has been raised to 85 ( shocking its not 90 ) .
A Guild leveling system is going to be put into place , pretty much that means pure awesomeness .
Guilds can earn levels by doing Battlegrounds , Dungeons , and Raids together .
The higher the Guild Levels up , ( max level 20 ) earns them better perks .
Guilds will be able to have massive raid resurrection , massive raid summons , less durability loss when the guild wipes and much more .
Another new feature is the Secondary profession of Archeology .
Archeology will allow players to uncover artifacts around Azeroth which will gain them rewards and reputation .
Race and Class mixtures are being added which means we will get to see Tauren Paladins , Gnome Priests , Human Hunters , Blood Elf Warriors , and many more .
Cataclysm looks like it ’s going to bring a lot of WoW players back for more .
I know I ’ll be a ghost for quite a while .
Check out the in game trailer for Cataclysm .
Now how about that Diablo !
Diablo is one of those games that is close to my heart for more than one reason .
Diablo III is looking to be just as good as the first two .
A big addition has been added to the game , The Monk !
The Monk was announced as a playable class for the game during Blizzcon .
Blizzard made the monk fight like he would as if he was in a fighting game ( You can cancel combos to start up a new barrage of pain Nerdgasm ! ) .
He can use magic , since he ’s a monk it will be “ Holy ” magic .
Gameplay is still the classic Diablo we all know and love , good old brawler / dungeon crawler welcome back , why have n’t you called ?!
Better graphics , new classes , better Battle .net !
Diablo III is going to be one of those games that will steal my life and possibly yours .
Ca n’t forget about Starcraft !
Starcraft 2 – 12 years in the making and it ’s worth the wait .
Seeing everything come together so well brings a tear to my eye .
Last year at the conference Blizzard only showed off Multiplayer .
This year it was all about the single player campaign .
Blizzard is splitting Starcraft 2 into 3 games .
The first one is called Wings of Liberty .
Ok now for some bummer news .
Blizzard is making Starcraft 2 the fist game to fully implement the new Battle .
net system ( okay that was n’t that bad of news , sorry ) .
Blizzard thought it would be a good idea to take away Lan play ( told ya there was bummer news ) .
Instead of Lan play we get the Xbox Live style matchmaking through Battle . net .
What ’s even more messed up is the fact that you can only install it on a limited amount of machines ( so we ’ve been told ) .
The game looks amazing anyways .
The in game footage that was shown ( Direct TV ) was breathtaking .
The CG cut scenes are movie quality ( did you expect anything less from Blizzard ? )
The gameplay is good old fashion Starcraft ( which means Korea will destroy us that much faster online ) and that ’s a good thing .
I ’m super excited for Starcraft 2 and im really bummed that it got pushed back to 2010 .
Sad Face ….
So Blizzcon is over .
My nerd juices are flowing once again , Ozzy Osbourne was pretty bad ass in concert , and of course WoW is planning on stealing my life yet again .
Good thing I have 2 weeks vacation saved up for its first month of release .
Right now I ’m waiting for my Grunty the Murloc Marine pet code to come in with my Direct Tv bill .
I hope next year I ’ll actually be able to get freaking tickets for the event .
Some people complain that the motivation behind modern Perl is " to turn Perl into Java ! "
I do n't understand that ; any reasonably sized and well - written Perl program takes advantage of Perl idioms that the Java language cannot ( and will likely never be able to ) express .
They 're right in one respect though : I 'm happy to admit that like all mature poets , I steal good ideas wherever I can find them .
Today 's idea comes from Smalltalk .
A Digression on Context
The idea of context -- not just automatic data coersion between stringy and numeric and boolean and reference and ( if you 've disabled strict ' refs ' ) executable values -- sets
Perl apart from almost every other programming language .
I explained that there are static and dynamic views of contexts in Tiny , Void Context Core Optimizations .
These form the other axis of context - awareness : what do you expect to do with the result of an evaluated expression ?
Expression context confuses novices .
You can see it in the documentation of the return builtin and all best - practices discussions that suggest a bare return ; over return undef ; .
You also see it when people call functions in hash initializer lists :
my %big_bundle_of_data = ( name => $ name , # oops !
do n't do this id => $ q -> param ( ' search_id ' ) , ) ;
The problem is that the list used to initialize the hash enforces list context to the method call .
If that method returns a list of items in list context , the hash may not contain what you expect .
Reflection and Introspection
One of Smalltalk 's greatest strengths is the use of images .
( That 's also one of Smalltalk 's greatest vulnerabilities ; owning the world is good when you can own the world , but if something else starts the own the world , you should try to play nicely too . )
You write Smalltalk programs in the Smalltalk browser ( not a web browser , but an IDE ) written in Smalltalk itself .
Some Lisps do this too .
You can consider Emacs a Lisp implementation which happens to run an editor to write more Lisp code , for example .
When you write Smalltalk this way , you edit parts of your program as it runs .
The IDE is part of your program ( or vice versa ) .
This offers tremendous power .
If you want to list all of the objects or classes or methods in your program , you can do that .
They 're all available .
If you want to perform exploratory programming , you can do that : ask the debugger to halt when it reaches a method you have n't yet implemented .
Write a test , write a bit of code , run the test , see if you need that stub method .
There 's a reason test - driven development came from the Smalltalk world .
Static versus Dynamic
The noisy discussion earlier this year about parsing Perl 5 was all about whether you can determine exactly what a Perl 5 program will do , parse - wise , without executing any of its code .
In the Smalltalk model , you 've already executed the code so you already know how it parses .
You can even change that .
( You can even rewrite Smalltalk 's garbage collector in Smalltalk , if you want to do that .
See also Parrot Lorito .
The B:: Concise output in the discussion of my context patch demonstrated that the Perl 5 optree contains information about the context of expressions ( in op form ) before runtime begins .
That information is available through the B modules while a program runs .
You can find the context of any op by careful use of the B ::* modules : pass a subref , get its ops , walk the COPs and look for the right file and line number , and follow the sibling pointers until you reach the right op .
Then look at its flag .
This is all possible .
It 's tedious , but not difficult .
Yet few people know it 's possible -- and to my knowledge , no one has done it .
Yet imagine the power and the ease of learning and the potential for finding more error conditions if a powerful Perl IDE had the option of identifying the static context for any Perl expression .
The code snippet I demonstrated earlier could pop up a warning window explaining exactly what might go wrong and suggesting the judicious use of scalar .
Perl : : Critic can identify many of these cases .
It 's a great tool .
Use it !
Yet it can't identify all cases .
One of the important goals for Perl 6 is to make tooling like this possible .
Separating the execution model from the tree model used to identify valid programs -- and making those trees available to tools -- will help .
Gerard Goosen 's TPF grant proposal for building ASTs for Perl 5 has similar possibilities .
Hopefully it can get funding next time ; it 's a good project .
We may not get powerful Perl tools like this any time soon for Perl 5 , but is n't it nice to imagine the possibilities ?
Maybe that 'll make Perl 5 like Java , in the sense that Java has some powerful tools .
Would that be such a bad thing ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Three men have been arrested in connection with an alleged plot to launch an attack in the United States , the US Justice Department says .
Two Afghan - born men , a father and son , were arrested in Denver , Colorado .
A third man , also from Afghanistan , was later detained in New York , the department said .
The men are accused of making false statements related to " a matter involving international and domestic terrorism " , the statement said .
The FBI was investigating several people " in the United States , Pakistan and elsewhere , relating to a plot to detonate improvised explosive devices in the United States " , the Justice Department said in court documents related to the arrests .
US media have reported that the investigation was focusing on a possible plan to attack a public area in New York .
David Kris , assistant attorney general for national security , said the arrests were part of " an ongoing and fast - paced investigation " .
" It is important to note that we have no specific information regarding the timing , location or target of any planned attack , " AFP news agency quoted him as saying .
' Not true '
The arrests followed three days of questioning by federal authorities of Najibullah Zazi , the Colorado - based son .
Officials questioned Mr Zazi for three days prior to his arrest
Earlier this week officials searched the Denver home of Mr Zazi , a 24 - year - old airport shuttle driver .
He and his father , Mohammed Zazi , 53 , will appear in court in Colorado on Monday .
Ahmad Wais Afzali , 37 , will appear in court in New York the same day .
In a telephone interview with the Denver Post newspaper on Saturday , Najibullah Zazi denied media reports that he had admitted any link to al - Qaeda or involvement in terrorism .
" It 's not true , " Mr Zazi said .
" I have nothing to hide .
It 's all media publications reporting whatever they want .
They have been reporting all this nonsense . "
Universal Microelectronics has been showing off two prototype video phones that run on Android .
Â
Currently , these are only concepts being shopped around for potential resellers , but they hold great promise .
Â
It ’s always nice to see Android running on something other than a cell phone or MID .
10.1 ″ Capacitative 1280 ×720 Touch Screen
HDMI output
Built - in DECT phone
Integrated Camera
Ethernet
USB - host ( keyboard , mouse )
ARM Cortex - A8 processor
The price is expected to be around $ 260 US dollars for ODM / OEM bulk purchases .
Â
There ’s also a smaller model ( MP291 , pictured below ) which offers a 5â€³ 800Ã — 480 screen , mini-HDMI out , MicroSD , and USB host all for just a $ 200 price tag .
Ok someone needs to get on it .
Â
Scoop these up and sell us one !
ThanksÂ Charbax !
He 's Lovin ' It Laid - Off German Banker Opens Fast Food Joint
Thomas Brausse used to trade stocks for a living in Frankfurt .
Now , after being laid off as a result of the financial crisis , he sells French fries and sausages from a lunch truck -- and is delighted with his new career .
This from Jesse Reynolds at Biopolitical Times ( repsonding to this from Ron Bailey ) is one of the more stupid democratic totalitarian arguments I ’ve heard ( and yes , it does mention the Peter “ The Root of All Evil ” Thiel ) :
Public opinion surveys show that an overwhelming 85 to 90 percent of Americans are opposed to human reproductive cloning and would like to see it banned , whereas only a tiny percentage would like to engage in the activity .
This opposition is certainly not a radical ideology .
Furthermore , the US ’s lack of any governance of powerful reproductive and genetic technologies–a remarkable exception among industrialized nations –is praised by Bailey as
a good thing too , since lack of government intrusion allows for the expression of moral pluralism .
So far , at least , with regard to many biotechnical advances , the majority in the U.S. does n’t get to impose its values on the minority , as has happened in many other countries .
In other words : Fortunately , with regard to many biotechnical advances , the minority in the US has so far been able to impose its values on the majority , unlike what has happened in many other countries .
Such opposition to democracy is not surprising , given Bailey ’s transhumanist agenda .
He knows that his vision is not popular .
In order to implement it , experts such as himself and fellow anti-democratic libertarian Peter Thiel must be trusted and given authority , lest the wishes of the unreliable and ideological masses actually be enacted .
“ She had a heck of a will to live , ” is just one of the superlatives Central City Fire Chief Gary Allen used in describing Cindy Hoover .
For more than five days , Hoover survived the elements in the 8,600 - foot mountains outside of Central City .
Hoover , 52 , of Granby was driving down Central City Parkway on Sept. 10 when a herd of deer appeared on the road .
Hoover swerved , and her 2004 Volkswagen Passat left the road , rolling down a steep hillside and landing on its top .
The car could n’t be seen from the heavily traveled road used by those driving between Interstate 70 and Central City .
About 3 p.m. Tuesday , people visiting the Hidee Mine , about a mile from Central City , heard Hoover ’s cries for help .
Despite multiple injuries , Hoover , clad in blue - jean shorts and a blouse , crawled from the car toward the mine — a distance of about 450 feet .
As she got near the mine , which conducts tours , Hoover could hear people , said Allen .
She timed her yells for help during lapses in the tour conversations .
Finally she was heard .
“ She used up three or four miracles , ” said Allen .
“ She survived the crash , she survived the elements and she was heard by people conducting mine tours , ” he said .
“ What amazed me was she survived the rain , fog , sleet and hail ” which descended on the area over the weekend , said Allen .
During that period , the temperature was cold , not getting above 45 degrees , said the chief .
Chris Stone , manager of Hidee Gold Mine Tours , said that Hoover ’s initial calls were very faint .
Employees and visitors thought they heard something but were n’t sure .
After hearing one of the cries for help , Jon Northern , captain of the Colorado Front Range Mine Rescue Team , who also helps conduct the tours , said he ran toward the sound .
Northern spotted Hoover sitting up holding her knees .
“ I could see things were n’t right , ” said Northern .
“ She said her car had rolled .
She was fixated on my bottle of water . ”
Northern said he gave her the bottle .
She began gulping water and started choking .
Trained in rescue and realizing that large amounts of water might be harmful , Northern told Hoover to spit the water out .
She refused , shook her head “ no , ” and downed the water .
Then , after drinking the water , Northern said an amazing thing came from the mouth of such a badly injured woman .
“ She apologized for taking such large gulps , ” said Northern recalling his disbelief that she felt she had to apologize .
Northern described finding Hoover as a “ little bit surreal . ”
Both he and the tourist couple from Iowa had thought they had heard the cries for help .
When an unmistakable clear cry came , Northern locked eyes with the tourists , and they all agreed they had heard a plea .
At that point , Northern ran toward Hoover .
Stone , who was summoned by people touring with Northern , quickly arrived with the Hidee Mine ’s first - aid kit .
“ She said she had been there since Thursday , ” said Stone .
“ It seemed unbelievable to us .
She was really thirsty .
She was really dehydrated .
She complained about the pain . ”
“ We got her into the blankets quickly .
She said , ‘ I ’m really glad you guys found me .
When is an ambulance going to come ? ’ ” recalled Stone .
He said Hoover ’s face was purple , her mouth covered in dirt .
She said everything hurt and especially painful were her bare feet .
Stone said Hoover used half a golf club that was in her car to help her crawl .
She also was going to use it to fend off any animals , but none attacked her , said Stone .
Cellphone reception is so bad near the mine that Northern had to climb a mountain ridge to make the 911 call , said Stone .
But Central City firefighters responded within minutes of receiving the call , Stone added .
He said there was no indication that Hoover had a phone .
Allen said he and six other people from the fire department responded to the mine after they received the emergency call .
Much to everyone ’s amazement , Hoover had remained awake and alert during the five - day ordeal .
“ She kept repeating ‘ It happened Thursday .
I ’ve been here since Thursday , ’ ” said Allen .
“ She was thirsty and cold . ”
Allen said he gave her some water , and paramedics administered pain medication .
That Hoover is a survived is not a surprise to people who know her .
She is described as upbeat , outgoing and a very strong woman .
Hoover is one of two Colorado Department of Labor and Employment employees at the state Workforce Center in Granby .
According to Rosemary Pettus , who supervises the department of labor ’s northwest region , Hoover has a labor - intensive job .
It includes helping people find jobs , posting job openings for employers and holding training sessions and workshops for the unemployed .
Among the things she teaches are computer skills and resume writing .
A Flight for Life helicopter landed at the mine within 30 minutes of the initial 911 call and flew her to St. Anthony Central Hospital in Denver .
Officials at the hospital said today that Hoover , a Colorado state employee , is listed in fair condition .
Stone , the manager at the Hidee Gold Mine , is still amazed by Hoover ’s endurance : “ It is absolutely amazing . ”
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
Release Of CIA Torture Report Underscores Need For Full Investigation , Says ACLU
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – Attorney General Eric Holder will appoint a special prosecutor to conduct a preliminary investigation into whether federal laws were violated in connection with the interrogation of specific detainees in U.S. custody overseas under the Bush administration .
Attorney General Holder said his decision to appoint a special prosecutor was in part influenced by the contents of a CIA inspector general report made public today as part of an American Civil Liberties Union Freedom of Information
Act lawsuit .
The IG report provides a detailed description of torture and abuse of detainees and addresses the legality and effectiveness of the agency 's " enhanced interrogation " program .
" While this is a welcome first step , we are disappointed that Attorney General Holder still appears unwilling to conduct a full investigation and to prosecute any crimes that are uncovered .
A preliminary investigation absent a commitment to prosecute violations of the law is simply anemic .
How much evidence of wrongdoing and violations of law is necessary before the attorney general commits to launching a full investigation ? " said Anthony D. Romero , Executive Director of the ACLU .
" The CIA 's own inspector general documented in disturbing detail the level of the torture committed and the extent to which laws were broken .
Attorney General Holder 's decision not to launch a full investigation is deeply troubling given the evidence already in the public domain of crimes that were committed .
Any investigation that truly follows the facts where they lead would inevitably lead to prosecutions of high level officials – not just rogue agents in the field .
This issue will not go away by deferring the hard decisions . "
The version of the IG report made public today includes newly unredacted sections and details of serious detainee abuse in CIA custody that were previously unknown .
According to the report , agents committed mock executions and threatened to harm at least one detainee , Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , with a gun and a power drill if he did not cooperate with the interrogation .
Al - Nashiri is represented by military attorneys assisted by the John Adams Project , a joint effort by the ACLU and the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers to provide support for the under resourced military defense counsel in the Guantánamo military commissions .
" The Obama administration made a commitment to transparency , and the release of the IG report is a step in the right direction .
The American public has a right to know the full truth about the torture that was committed in its name , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security project .
" The information in the report about the origins and scope of the CIA 's torture program further underscores the need for a comprehensive investigation into the torture of detainees and those who authorized it . "
The CIA turned over a heavily redacted version of the IG report in May 2008 , but earlier this year the government agreed to review the same report with a view toward disclosing more information .
The CIA IG report is available online at : www.aclu.org/oigreport/
More information about the ACLU 's FOIA litigation is available online at : www.aclu.org/accountability
By John Stossel - September 30 , 2009
This Friday , September 's job - loss total will be announced .
Whatever the numbers , administration officials surely will tell us that life is better -- because of them .
" We brought the global economy back from the brink , " President Obama said at the close of the G - 20 meeting last week .
" ( B ) ecause of the bold and coordinated action that we took , millions of jobs have been saved or created ; the decline in output has been stopped ; financial markets have come back to life " .
This has been the president 's theme :
His so - called stimulus package , bailouts for politically connected banks and industries , ludicrously wasteful programs like Cash for Clunkers , etc. have saved America from the greatest disaster since the Great Depression .
But this theme runs up against some rather unfortunate facts .
In January , the administration 's economic models warned that unemployment would hit 9 percent next year if its $ 787 billion " stimulus " was n't passed .
Passing it would keep the jobless rate under 8 percent before it begins to fall .
Well , the packaged passed -- and unemployment in August rose to 9.7 percent .
Oops .
OK , economic forecasters make mistakes .
Fair enough .
But neither the administration experts nor President Obama will acknowledge that their models and strategy are flawed .
Instead , they spin the numbers and proclaim success , insisting that the plan is working even though unemployment is higher than they said it would be .
For example , Christina Romer , chief of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , preferred to emphasize that the 216,000 jobs lost in August were about half a million less than six months before .
Never mind that the economic strategy has n't restored any of those 700,000 jobs previously lost .
They 'd rather distract us by focusing on the slowing rate of loss rather than the losses themselves .
But , New York University economist Mario Rizzo writes , to take credit for this is to imply that " in the absence of fiscal stimulus , the rate of increase in unemployment never falls " .
That 's ridiculous .
Should Obama get credit anytime things are n't as bad as they might have been ?
" The stimulus apologists are ignoring the original prediction based on a model .
By that prediction , the stimulus is doing harm , " Rizzo commented .
As Harvard economist Greg Mankiw writes , " In light of the shifting baseline , it is impossible to hold the administration accountable for whether its policies are achieving their intended effects . "
" The administration , however , has not been particularly forthright in admitting to this lack of accountability .
Indeed , the act of releasing quarterly reports on how many jobs have been ' created or saved ' gives the illusion of accountability without the reality " .
This lack of accountability -- this claim of success no matter what happens -- should surprise no one .
Many of us warned about it months ago .
Remember , Obama did n't promise to create 3.5 million jobs .
He promised to create or save that many .
There is no way to test that .
If you still have your job , does that mean Obama saved it ?
If an entrepreneur created a new job , in spite of Obama 's destructive anti-business regulatory apparatus , does Obama still deserve the credit ?
As I wrote in February : " Given time , the economy , unless totally crippled by government intervention , will regenerate itself .
That 's because an economy is not a machine that needs jumpstarting .
It is people who have objectives they want to achieve .
They will not sit on their hands forever waiting for government to ' fix ' things .
Instead , they work to overcome obstacles to get what they want .
Some banks are struggling , but there are still people who want to lend money and people who want to borrow it .
They will find each other without government help " .
But I underestimated this administration .
I expected it to say , in the face of continued rising unemployment , that the " stimulus " was n't big enough .
Instead , it claims success .
I suppose I should be relieved .
Claiming success is far less destructive than another irresponsible " stimulus . "
I 'm grateful for small favors .
An attempt to have the South African state investigate and prosecute 70 individuals with links to alleged Israeli war crimes in Gaza is of symbolic importance but has little chance of succeeding , says Gerhard Kemp , a professor of public law at Stellenbosch University .
The accused individuals include David Benjamin , a legal adviser to the Israeli defence force on “ Operation Cast Lead ” , the Israeli offensive in Gaza in December and January in which more than 1 000 people died .
Benjamin has been in South Africa on a speaking engagement for the past fortnight .
Two South African NGOs , the Palestinian Solidarity Association and the Media Review Network , invoked the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) in their request for investigation to the national director of public prosecutions ( NDPP ) and the head of the directorate for priority crime investigation .
Along with their request , sent to the NDPP this week , the NGOs submitted a 3 500 - page body of evidence , calling it the “ Gaza Docket ” .
As the Rome Statute was incorporated into South African law through the International Criminal Court Act in 2002 , the country can exercise universal jurisdiction over those who have committed war crimes — even though they may have no links with the country .
Last week Ayanda Ntsaluba , the foreign ministry director general , remarked that South Africa had an international obligation to arrest Sudanese president Omar al - Bashir should he set foot in the country .
But previous attempts to invoke universal jurisdiction over individuals — most notably by Belgium and Spain — have failed .
Kemp pointed out that these cases were abandoned not because of their legal merits but because of diplomatic pressure .
“ I ’d be very careful to say that we are going to see any success in this regard , ” said Kemp .
He said that , in principle , the case brought by the NGOs falls within South African jurisdiction as there is prima facie evidence that war crimes were committed by Israel in Gaza .
“ But to say the state of Israel is guilty of war crimes is one thing ; to carry that over to individuals is another . ”
According to Kemp , the 3 500 pages of contextual material provided by the NGOs is irrelevant because , although the individuals concerned may be associated with certain actions by Israel , it would be difficult to tie the evidence to them .
“ The national prosecuting authority would have to go to Israel to conduct investigations .
It ’s highly unlikely that Israel would cooperate , ” he said .
But he said : “ I think it ’s an important exercise to see how the Act is available as a legal tool in the quest for international criminal justice . ”
Virginia Tilley , chief research specialist in the democracy and governance unit of the Human Sciences Research Council , which recently completed an independent study that found Israel guilty of apartheid , said bringing such a case to the ICC was “ historic ” .
“ There is a new movement around the world to bring universal jurisdiction to cases , to questions of war crimes , particularly to Israeli practices in Gaza , and this is a step forward in the international application of human rights law , ” she said .
But it seems the government is sceptical about engaging on the issue .
Yousha Tayob , an attorney acting for the NGOs , said the group was “ expecting a whole lot more from government ” , but that the issue had been referred to the national commissioner of police for a response .
Scientists love to solve the unanswerable questions in life , wrapping up tidy answers with equations or charts or definitions , leaving no gray area .
Unfortunately for some researchers , not everything is so black and white .
Can we really define love ?
Is success simply the sum of the right variables put into the right equation ?
Does happiness have a graph or flow - chart that guarantees statistically significant results ?
The secret to a happy life has eluded mankind for generations .
Ancient philosophers , progressive thinkers , and contemporary educators have all offered theories and opinions on what makes us happy .
But no one has collected more objective evidence on the subject than researchers from the Harvard Medical School .
The Harvard Study of Adult Development began in 1937 , examining more than 200 healthy , well - adjusted Harvard sophomores .
The study has become the preeminent example of a longitudinal study , following its subjects for more than 70 years .
The group of men is not at all representative of the population as a whole , consisting entirely of well - educated , socioeconomically - favored males , but the homogenous group of subjects has still uncovered some surprises in the quest for happiness .
Over the years of the study , researchers have collected extensive information on the men ’s physical , mental , and emotional health , and compared this to their accomplishments in their occupations , marriages , and hobbies , as well as their self - perceived level of satisfaction with life .
Researchers have found that cholesterol levels in middle age had no correlation to overall health in old age .
They concluded that regular exercise in college was positively correlated with mental health later in life .
They discovered that religious involvement , in contrast to many previously reported studies , was not associated with physical , mental , or social well - being .
Successful aging and happiness later in life , the researchers have concluded , is predicted by many difference variables — some of which can be controlled , and some of which cannot : parental social class , family cohesion , major depression , ancestral longevity , childhood temperament , physical health at age 50 , alcohol abuse , smoking , marital stability , exercise , body mass index , coping mechanisms , and education .
Ultimately , there is no one secret to a happy , successful life .
Men who seemed to have every advantage in life failed to succeed in careers and family life , and many have died prematurely or unexpectedly .
Men , on the other hand , who seemed doomed for failure due to their circumstances rose to the challenge and eventually led exceptional lives .
It turns out that success and happiness might not be determined by what you know , but by who you know .
The closest thing that researchers have been able to identify as a single secret to happiness is successful relationships .
High levels of intelligence , social aptitude , physical strength , or mental health mean very little in the pursuit of happiness .
Positive relationships — with parents , siblings , spouses , children , friends , neighbors , and colleagues — as early as childhood are the most important predictors of happiness and success as we age .
Largely , loving relationships and an appreciation for beauty positively predict life satisfaction .
Of course , happiness and life satisfaction are individually defined , depending on culture , society , and personality .
Self - expression and individualism play an important role in happiness in many cultures , while simple survival constitutes a successful life in others .
But , however we define happiness , positive emotions are linked to resilience and a satisfaction for life .
As much as scientists are called to delineate objective measures of subjective experiences , maybe we should heed Albert Camus ’s warning :
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of .
References
Cohn , M. , Fredrickson , B. , Brown , S. , Mikels , J. , & Conway , A. ( 2009 ) .
Happiness unpacked : Positive emotions increase life satisfaction by building resilience .
Emotion , 9 ( 3 ) , 361-368 DOI : 10.1037/a0015952
ISAACOWITZ , D. , VAILLANT , G. , & SELIGMAN , M. ( 2003 ) .
STRENGTHS AND SATISFACTION ACROSS THE ADULT LIFESPAN
The International Journal of Aging and Human Development , 57 ( 2 ) , 181-201 DOI : 10.2190/61EJ-LDYR-Q55N-UT6E
Kuppens P , Realo A , Diener E .
The role of positive and negative emotions in life satisfaction judgment across nations .
J Pers Soc Psychol .
Jul 2008;95 ( 1):66 - 75 . doi:10.1037/0022-3514.95.1.66
VAILLANT , G. , TEMPLETON , J. , ARDELT , M. , & MEYER , S. ( 2008 ) .
The natural history of male mental health : Health and religious involvement Social Science & Medicine , 66 ( 2 ) , 221-231 DOI : 10.1016/j.socscimed.2007.09.011
Vaillant , G. , DiRago , A. , & Mukamal , K. ( 2006 ) .
Natural History of Male Psychological Health , XV : Retirement Satisfaction American Journal of Psychiatry , 163 ( 4 ) , 682-688 DOI : 10.1176/appi.ajp.163.4.682
Vaillant , G. ( 2001 ) .
Successful Aging American Journal of Psychiatry , 158 ( 987 ) , 839-847 DOI : 10.1176/appi.ajp.158.987.839
Waldinger RJ , Vaillant GE , Orav EJ .
Childhood sibling relationships as a predictor of major depression in adulthood : a 30 - year prospective study .
Am J Psychiatry .
Jun 2007 ;164(6):949-954 . doi:10.1176/appi.ajp.164.6.949
Shenk JW .
What Makes Us Happy ?
The Atlantic ; 2009 .
Mutter 2.27.4 released
From : Owen Taylor < otaylor redhat com >
To : gnome - announce - list gnome org , gnome - shell - list gnome org
Subject : Mutter 2.27.4 released
Date : Fri , 04 Sep 2009 19:28:16 -0400
Mutter 2.27.4 is now available at : http://ftp.gnome.org/pub/GNOME/sources/mutter/2.27/
3ba0859003229a8f840b63560a24b28f8daf06e81c07ee3f216a8263dbc496cb mutter-2.27.4.tar.bz2 c023434b5d6e46d0f135e091c061e8df7d83c92da4eeda6ba9ad13ddeaf7ed06 mutter-2.27.4.tar.gz About Mutter ============
Mutter is a window and compositing manager that displays and manages your desktop via OpenGL .
Mutter combines a sophisticated display engine using the Clutter toolkit with solid window - management logic inherited from the Metacity window manager .
While Mutter can be used stand - alone , it is primarily intended to be used as the display core of a larger system such as GNOME Shell or Moblin .
For this reason , Mutter is very extensible via plugins , which are used both to add fancy visual effects and to rework the window management behaviors to meet the needs of the environment .
Changes since 2.27.4 ====================
* Big code cleanup : when talking about multiple monitors , call them " monitors " , not " xineramas " .
[ Dan ] * Accessors added or made public : meta_screen_get_n_monitors ( ) , meta_screen_get_monitor_geometry ( ) meta_window_get_user_time ( ) and MetaWindow : user - time property .
[ Colin , Dan ] * Set _GNOME_WM_KEYBINDINGS=Metacity , Mutter on the _NET_SUPPORTING_WM_CHECK
window so that gnome - keybinding - properties can figure out to show the Metacity keybindings when Mutter is running .
[ Owen ] * Bug and build fixes [ Colin , Owen ] Contributors : Owen Taylor , Colin Walters , Dan Winship Translation : Jorge González ( es ) , Inaki Larranaga Murgoitio ( eu ) , Gabor Kelemen ( hu ) Bugs fixed : 592393 - Clicking on a minimized window in the overview does n't focus the window 593399 - Add meta_display_get_grab_op( )
593404 - Make MUTTER_DEBUG_XINERAMA
override active Xinerama 593407 - Add ' skip - taskbar ' accessor to MetaWindow .
593686 - Add meta_screen_get_monitors ( ) 594067 - Export a _GNOME_WM_KEYBINDINGS
property
Maricopa County will pay more than $ 1.2 million to two parties involved in a car crash with a sleep - deprived sheriff 's deputy last year .
The settlement was approved by the Board of Supervisors on Wednesday .
The separate claims alleged that Aaron Engelbeck , a deputy with the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office , was going more than 30 miles over the speed limit while driving west on Riggs Road in Chandler on the afternoon of Aug. 5 , 2008 .
Engelbeck crossed into eastbound traffic lanes and collided with a car travelling the opposite direction .
The driver of that vehicle , Mark Buchanan , had to be airlifted to a Scottsdale hospital , where he underwent multiple surgeries and skin grafts , according to the notice of claim .
He suffered severe and permanent injuries , his claim stated .
Buchanan 's attorneys claimed that Engelbeck had fallen asleep at the wheel .
Buchanan 's suit also accused the Sheriff 's Office of negligence , stating that the deputy had less than four hours of sleep because he had been working more than 26 of the 30 hours prior to the collision .
The crash caused another vehicle to collide with Buchanan 's car .
The second driver , Rachelle Allen , sustained less severe injuries , but her vehicle was declared a total loss , according to her claim .
" On behalf of the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office and Deputy Engelbeck , what occurred on Aug. 5 was unfortunate , " spokeswoman Lisa Allen wrote in an e-mail .
" Our hope is for a full recovery by those injured . "
Allen received $ 75,000 in the settlement ; Buchanan received $ 1.1 million .
Family Dairy Farmers Appeal to Obama Administration for Swift Enforcement
WASHINGTON , DC : Aurora Dairy , based in Boulder , Colorado , the nation ’s largest organic dairy producer , is once again facing allegations of improprieties .
Aurora had previously been found in “ willful ” violation of multiple federal organic standards by USDA investigators in 2007 .
This week an organic industry watchdog , The Cornucopia Institute , filed a formal legal complaint with the USDA in Washington alleging that one of the five industrial - scale dairies operated by Aurora , its High Plains dairy near Kersey , Colorado , is failing to graze their dairy cattle as required by the federal organic standards .
Family dairy farmers have recently appealed directly to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack for swift enforcement action in response to giant corporations “ gaming the system ” and squeezing them out of business .
They claim they are being placed at a competitive disadvantage .
A national surplus of organic milk – largely created by factory farm dairies – and magnified by a soft economy – has been driving down prices paid to farmers .
“ Here we have an industry where 1800 family farmers , and the reputable organic brands they supply , are continuing to have their economic survival imperiled by this $ 100 million scofflaw that has been allowed to continue in operation , ” said Mark A. Kastel , Senior Farm Policy Analyst for Cornucopia .
Aurora ’s milk is sold to many of the nation ’s largest grocery chains , including Wal - Mart , Target , Safeway , Costco and others , for their cheap store brand label organic milk .
Aurora is allegedly primarily confining their dairy cows in giant barns and pens instead of being allowed to graze on fresh forage , and exhibit their natural instinctive behaviors , as the federal law mandates .
When the cows are let outside they often only have access to substandard crops that are planted on an annual basis , and wither in the desert - like heat , instead of more hardy perennials that stand up to continual grazing throughout the growing season .
In response to a previous legal complaint filed by The Cornucopia Institute , in 2006 , career staff at the USDA found that Aurora was in violation of 14 tenets of the organic regulations including confining their cattle to feedlots , instead of grazing , and bringing thousands of illegal conventional cows into their organic operation .
“ Although investigators found that Aurora had perpetrated the greatest scandal in the history of the organic industry , Bush administration officials , who ran the USDA at the time , let the giant corporation off with minor adjustments to one of their five operations and placed them on a one - year probation , ” Kastel added .
In addition to being subject to decertification , the dairy could have faced millions of dollars in penalties .
Cornucopia had filed a subsequent complaint in 2007 , outlining evidence that Aurora ’s High Plains dairy was violating the law .
At that point the Bush administration , through the USDA ’s Agricultural Marketing Services , informed the farm policy research group that their concerns would be investigated and integrated into Aurora ’s one - year probation monitoring .
“ After recently scrutinizing USDA documents , obtained through a freedom of information request ( FOIA ) , we are refiling these serious charges now , including making additional first - hand witness testimony available , because there is no evidence that the Department followed through with their commitment to investigate what Aurora has represented as a model pasture - based dairy , ” said Will Fantle , research director of The Cornucopia Institute .
The controversy surrounding the legality of operating giant factory farms , each milking 2000 - 7000 cows , principally owned by Aurora or Dean Foods for their Horizon brand , has come to a head this year as competitors in the marketplace have been forced to lower prices paid to family - scale farmers , institute cut backs on production or even cancel their contracts with some dairy producers .
“ This is an unmitigated disaster for many family farmers who are now facing no market for their organic milk and possibly losing their farms because of the softening economy and the overload of milk coming from these giant factory farms , ” said Kathie Arnold of Truxton , NY , an organic dairy farmer milking 130 cows .
Meanwhile , USDA Secretary Vilsack recently met in Wisconsin with organic family farmers and their advocates who appealed to the new Obama administration to “ cleanup the mess they inherited ” at the USDA ’s National Organic Program .
Farmers were heartened by the Secretary ’s commitment to ramp - up enforcement at the National Organic Program and appoint officials there who will share the values of organic community participants .
“ We are focusing on rules that will level the playing field so that small and medium - size producers have a fair shot , ” Vilsack said , and added : “ I commit to you that we will enforce the [ current ] rules . ”
The Bush administration received wide criticism in the organic industry for not only letting Aurora Dairy off the hook without any substantive penalties but also for their lax approach to investigating alleged improprieties by industry giant Dean Foods and its Horizon label .
A large percentage of the Horizon milk comes from concentrated animal feeding operations or CAFOs .
In 2006 the largest dairy operation supplying Horizon , with 10,000 - cows , was decertified , but according to FOIA documents the 8000 - head , corporate - owned Horizon dairy in Idaho has never been investigated .
“ It is inexcusable that the past administration did not protect the vast majority of ethical dairy marketers and the family farmers we partner with , ” said Ned Mac Arthur , President of Pennsylvania - based Natural Dairy Products Corp. , bottler of Natural by Nature brand organic milk .
“ We are now placing our hope and trust in the new Obama / Vilsack administration at the USDA . ”
“ The good news that we continue to tell organic consumers is that based on our in - depth industry research 90 % of all namebrand organic dairy products on the market are produced with true integrity , ” Kastel affirmed .
“ No matter where someone lives in this country there are many wonderful brands of organic milk , cheese , butter , yogurt and ice cream that conform to not only the letter of the law but the spirit of what has made organics such a successful and fast - growing segment of our nations ’ food supply . ”
Cornucopia also asked the USDA to reopen investigations against the two NOP accredited certifiers associated with Aurora .
The complaint alleges that the illegal activities identified by The Cornucopia Institute and the USDA at Aurora were overt and should have been uncovered by the certifiers , and the state of Colorado ’s organic program and Quality Assurance International ( QAI ) , if they had been fulfilling their oversight responsibilities .
USDA staff had previously recommended suspending the State of Colorado ’s right to certify organic livestock facilities .
Like Aurora itself the USDA entered into a consent agreement with the state of Colorado demanding improved staff training and understanding of organic livestock certification requirements .
A copy of the formal legal complaint alleging inadequate access to pasture at Aurora ’s High Plains dairy , near Kearney , Colorado can be found at :
https://www.cornucopia.org/Aurora/AuroraHighPlainsComplaint_8-2009.pdf
MORE :
Photos of the High Plains dairy , and other factory farms owned by Aurora and Dean Foods , can be viewed in the photo gallery on the Cornucopia website : https://www.cornucopia.org/photo-gallery/
A 10 minute video , produced by documentarian Greta Wing Miller , of USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack ’s appearance , listening to organic farmers heartfelt appeals for enforcement help , and his powerful on - point response , can be accessed in the video gallery on The Cornucopia Institute website : https://www.cornucopia.org/category/video-gallery/
Organic consumers recognizing that they had been defrauded when buying the milk produced by Aurora have taken the matter into their own hands by suing the giant dairy manufacturer and a number of major retailers that sell their milk , including Wal - Mart , Target , Costco and Safeway .
Aurora is the largest private - label organic milk supplier in the United States .
The class - action consumer fraud litigation is still embroiled in federal court .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A strongly worded report on child obesity released on Tuesday recommends that state and local governments tax junk food and soft drinks , give tax breaks to grocery stores that open in blighted neighborhoods and build bike trails .
A menu for fried chicken and french fries is displayed on a wall at a fast food restaurant in New York , October 30 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The report from the independent Institute of Medicine and National Research Council also suggests that governments limit television and video games in after - school programs , require restaurants to list calorie counts on their menus and open school playgrounds and athletic fields to communities .
“ Childhood obesity poses a serious threat to health in the United States , ” it reads .
The problem cannot be solved by the federal government and communities need to act , it adds .
“ This is not a report that says ‘ this is what every community should do . ’
This is a menu of options , ” Dr. Eduardo Sanchez , Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas , who chaired the panel that wrote the report , said in a telephone interview .
Obesity rates are soaring among U.S. children , and along with them rates of early heart disease , including high blood pressure , high cholesterol and type 2 diabetes .
“ The prevalence of childhood obesity has tripled in just three decades , ” the report reads .
Nearly 18 percent of U.S. adolescents are obese .
While the food and restaurant industry cites personal choice and a lack of exercise , many reports have shown that unhealthy food is cheaper , more readily available and more heavily marketed than more healthful foods .
Last week , the American Heart Association took on the $ 115 billion soft drink industry , saying the drinks are the No. 1 source of added sugars in the American diet .
The American Beverage Association , representing companies including PepsiCo , Coca - Cola Co and Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc , says sugar - sweetened drinks do not pose a particular health risk .
USING TAXES
Taxes work , said the experts on the panel , commissioned by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
“ The research around tobacco has shown that large increases in taxes on cigarettes has been the single most effective policy to reduce tobacco use , ” said Mary Story , a dietitian and professor at the University of Minnesota .
“ A 10 percent increase in the price of a sugar - sweetened beverage could reduce consumption by 8 to 10 percent . ”
Most states do not use this money to fund obesity fighting efforts but they could , she said .
The report also recommends building sidewalks , ensuring schools have water fountains available so students do not have to use vending machines and changing public transport routes so people can reach grocery stores .
It cites communities that have encouraged grocery stores to build in neighborhoods designated as “ food deserts , ” or that have helped corner stores add fresh fruits and vegetables to shelves now loaded with soft drinks and snacks .
Some communities could divert money designated for crime , if that would be politically easier , it suggests .
“ For example , after - school recreation programs implemented to increase physical activity with obesity prevention in mind can help meet crime prevention goals by reducing opportunities for youth to be victims or perpetrators of crime , ” the report reads .
HONG KONG  North Korea said Monday that it would open its highly militarized border with South Korea to allow periodic family reunions and group visits by tourists from the South .
The conciliatory move , coming just after the high - profile releases of two American journalists and a South Korean worker detained by the North , seemed likely to ease the growing anxiety on the Korean peninsula .
Tensions had escalated since spring , beginning with the imprisonment of the Americans , the North ’s second nuclear test in May , a series of missile tests and North Korea ’s refusal to re-engage in six -nation talks over its nuclear weapons .
But the North , in the announcement Monday by its official news agency , also warned the United States and South Korea about their joint military exercises , which the North said were “ obviously maneuvers for a war of aggression . ”
It said an “ annihilating ” retaliation could be one consequence .
Still , that kind of bellicose language is almost standard from the North and was eclipsed by its outreach about the border and tourism .
( CNN ) -- A Blue Ribbon Panel of distinguished leaders and humanitarians -- including Gen. Colin Powell , Whoopi Goldberg and Sir Elton John -- has selected 2009's Top 10 CNN Heroes .
CNN will announce the 2009 CNN Hero of the Year and honor the Top 10 CNN Heroes in a star - studded gala celebration , " CNN Heroes : An All - Star Tribute " on Thanksgiving , November 26 , from the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood .
Also among the Blue Ribbon Panelists is Malaak Compton - Rock , founder and director of The Angelrock Project , an online e-village that promotes volunteerism , social responsibility and sustainable change .
" Being a panelist is really special , " Compton - Rock told CNN 's Anderson Cooper .
" This happens to be my favorite awards show -- not the Emmys , not the Oscars , not the Grammys or the MTV awards -- but this show .
" So , when I got the invitation in the mail , I was ecstatic -- I mean , I ran around the house , I told my husband , I was so excited .
It 's a privilege to even be in the company of my other panelists , first of all , and to be able to learn so much about people who are changing the world . "
Learn more about Compton - Rock and the other members of the Blue Ribbon Panel , all of them heroes to others through their continuing commitment to public service :
Wallis Annenberg , Philanthropist and community advocate
Considered a visionary philanthropist and leader , Annenberg is committed to improving the well - being of people and communities worldwide .
She is the chairman of the board , president and CEO of the Annenberg Foundation , which has given more than $ 250 million dollars in " high - impact " grants to over 500 organizations .
Her cause
Tory Burch , Designer , entrepreneur and humanitarian
Burch is an award - winning fashion designer who launched the Tory Burch Foundation , which provides economic opportunities to low - income women and their families in the United States .
Under her direction , the foundation helps women entrepreneurs access financial tools that improve their lives .
( Photo provided by Tory Burch ) Her causes : 1 | 2
Kirk Cameron , Actor , producer and author
Cameron is a Golden Globe nominated actor who , with his wife , founded Camp Firefly , a week - long retreat for terminally and seriously ill children and their families .
He is the producer and co-host of a spirituality - based reality television program airing weekly in over 100 countries .
His cause
Malaak Compton - Rock , Humanitarian , public speaker and author
Compton - Rock is the founder and director of The Angelrock Project , an online e-village that promotes volunteerism , social responsibility and sustainable change .
She creates and champions initiatives focused on at-risk and orphaned youth , child abuse awareness and prevention , and Triple Negative Breast Cancer .
Her cause
Whoopi Goldberg , Actress , author , producer and humanitarian
Considered a premier talent in the entertainment industry , Goldberg is an Oscar , Emmy , Tony and Grammy Award winner .
She is a Goodwill Ambassador to the United Nations and supports a number of humanitarian efforts on behalf of children , the homeless , human rights , education , substance abuse and the fight against HIV / AIDS .
Phil Jackson , NBA coach , author and philanthropist
The head coach of the L.A. Lakers , Jackson has won an NBA - record 10 championships and was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2007 .
He is a longtime supporter of the American Indian College Fund , which provides scholarships and support for Native American students and tribal colleges .
His cause
Sir Elton John , Singer , songwriter , composer and humanitarian
A renowned singer / songwriter and performer , John is one of the top selling solo artists of all time and recipient of Grammy Awards , Tony Awards and an Oscar .
He is founder and chairman of the Elton John AIDS Foundation , which supports HIV / AIDS prevention and service programs in 55 countries .
( Photo : Deborah Anderson )
His cause
Masi Oka , Actor and humanitarian
Oka is a Golden Globe and Emmy - nominated actor and star of NBC's Heroes .
As a member of the American Red Cross ' National Celebrity Cabinet , he donates his time , skills and energy to help raise awareness of the organization 's initiatives , services and response efforts nationwide .
His cause
Mariane Pearl , International journalist , author and speaker
Pearl is an award - winning journalist and author , and a member of the Daniel Pearl Foundation 's honorary board .
Formed in memory of her husband , the Wall Street Journal reporter kidnapped and murdered in Pakistan in 2002 , its mission is to promote cross-cultural understanding .
( Photo : Martin de la Serna )
Her causes : 1 | 2
Retired Gen. Colin Powell , Presidential Medals of Freedom recipient , statesman , author
Powell is a retired four - star general , former U.S. Secretary of State , and former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
He is the founding chairman of America 's Promise Alliance , an alliance of national partner organizations advocating for the needs of young people and encouraging Americans to engage in volunteer service .
His cause
Rossana Rosado , Journalist and community advocate
Rosado is publisher and CEO of El Diario La Prensa , the oldest Spanish - language daily newspaper in the United States .
She serves on the boards of many New York organizations advocating for women and children , including the New York Women 's Foundation , which supports initiatives for low - income women and girls .
Her cause
Shakira , Recording artist , children 's advocate and humanitarian
Shakira is a Grammy - winning recording artist and founder of the Barefoot Foundation , which works to increase access to high - quality education , especially for the world 's poorest children .
She serves as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and honorary chair of the Global Campaign for Education .
( Photo : Jaume De La Iguana )
Her causes : 1 | 2
Tavis Smiley , Media personality , author and advocate
Considered an influential voice on leadership , accountability and the black experience , Smiley hosts a late - night PBS talk show and a national radio show .
He is dedicated to inspiring the next generation of leaders and is the founder of the Tavis Smiley Foundation , which provides leadership training and development for youth .
His cause
Ted Turner , Entrepreneur , environmentalist , philanthropist and author
Turner is the founder of Turner Broadcasting and CNN and chairman of Turner Enterprises Inc. Considered one of the most influential philanthropists in the United States , his foundations support projects that will help to guarantee a stronger and safer planet for future generations .
His cause
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Luca Badoer has claimed that negative press coverage of his two races substituting for Felipe Massa encouraged Ferrari to drop him in favour of Giancarlo Fisichella .
Long - time Ferrari test driver Badoer returned to Formula 1 after a ten - year absence when Michael Schumacher 's neck injury prevented him from making his intended comeback while Massa recovered from the head injuries sustained in Hungary .
Badoer struggled in both the European and Belgian Grands Prix - spending both weekends at the tail of the field .
He received substantial negative press coverage for his results , and he reckons Ferrari would have given him another chance but for all the bad press being aimed in his direction .
" Those who write do n't understand how much harm they can cause , " Badoer was quoted as saying by Gazzetta Sportiva .
" The media played a fundamental role in the decision to replace me . "
The Italian remains convinced that his performances would have improved given more time - and says he is still proud of his time as a Ferrari F1 driver .
" I realised my dream , " Badoer said .
" I will always be able to tell my kids I raced two races for Ferrari .
Maranello had faith in me .
I only have one regret - from the third grand prix I would have done better .
" There was no agreement on how many races I would do .
I thought I had time to improve .
And these rules stop a reserve driver from testing and make him a victim - it happens only in Formula 1 . "
Badoer admitted that Fisichella , who is moving to Ferrari after taking a shock second place for Force India at Spa , was likely to fare much better than him .
" Giancarlo is a quick driver , " he said .
" I am happy for him , he has achieved his dream of driving a Ferrari and he will do better than me because he has been racing for years in F1 and knows the 2009 cars well .
" He will have to learn to use the KERS but that 's a minor thing .
He can quickly aim for results , otherwise replacing me would have made no sense . "
Ferrari has also announced that Fisichella will stay on and become the team 's reserve driver in 2010 , but Badoer expects there to be room for him in Ferrari 's testing line - up too .
" My intention is to stay , " he said .
" I am finished with races but my relationship with Ferrari continues . "
Gee , I hope not .
But normal people are reluctant to call someone a liar , so liars always get the benefit of the doubt .
Here 's what Michael Steele claims the Democrats are trying to do to seniors :
President Obama and Congressional Democrats are promoting a government - run health care experiment that will cut over $ 500 billion from Medicare to be used to pay for their plan .
Medicare should not be raided to pay for another entitlement .
Even though , oddly enough , it 's not true :
On the contrary , the bill includes several key provisions that improve Medicare benefits for seniors , including the following : Phases in completely filling in the “ donut hole ” in the Medicare prescription drug benefit ( where drug costs are not reimbursed at certain levels ) , potentially savings seniors thousands of dollars a year .
Eliminates co-payments and deductibles for preventive services under Medicare .
Limits cost - sharing requirements in Medicare Advantage plans to the amount charged for the same services in traditional Medicare coverage .
Improves the low - income subsidy programs in Medicare , such as by increasing asset limits for programs that help Medicare beneficiaries pay premiums and cost - sharing .
Let me remind them what the Republicans have tried to do to the popular senior citizen healthcare program through the years .
In the 1960s , they said things like this :
Ronald Reagan : “ [ I ] f you do n’t [ stop Medicare ] and I do n’t do it , one of these days you and I are going to spend our sunset years telling our children and our children ’s children what it once was like in America when men were free . ” [ 1961 ]
George H.W. Bush : Described Medicare in 1964 as “ socialized medicine . ” [ 1964 ]
Barry Goldwater : “ Having given our pensioners their medical care in kind , why not food baskets , why not public housing accommodations , why not vacation resorts , why not a ration of cigarettes for those who smoke and of beer for those who drink . ”
Bob Dole :
In 1996 , while running for the Presidency , Dole openly bragged that he was one of 12 House members who voted against creating Medicare in 1965 .
“ I was there , fighting the fight , voting against Medicare . . . because we knew it would n’t work in 1965 . ” [ 1965 ]
From Think Progress :
Over the years , Republicans proposed numerous schemes to slash funding or privatize Medicare .
Most notably , in 1995 , under the leadership of then House Speaker Newt Gingrich ( R - GA ) , Republicans proposed cutting 14 % from projected Medicare spending over seven years and forcing millions of elderly recipients into managed health care programs or HMOs .
The cuts were to ensure that Medicare is “ going to wither on the vine , ” Gingrich explained .
Similarly , during the 2008 Presidential campaign , Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) proposed cutting $ 1.3 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid .
Now , ask yourself this question :
Have you seen any sign whatsoever that the Republicans have mellowed in the past six months ?
Of course not .
Watch what they do , not what they say .
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Human activities are wiping out three animal or plant species every hour and the world must do more to slow the worst spate of extinctions since the dinosaurs by 2010 , the United Nations said on Tuesday .
Two Iberian lynxs look out from their enclosure at a nature reserve in Cabarceno near Santander in northern Spain February 28 , 2006 .
Scientists and environmentalists issued reports about threats to creatures and plants including right whales , Iberian lynxes , wild potatoes and peanuts on May 22 , the International Day for Biological Diversity .
REUTERS / Victor Fraile
Scientists and environmentalists issued reports about threats to creatures and plants including right whales , Iberian lynxes , wild potatoes and peanuts on May 22 , the International Day for Biological Diversity .
“ Biodiversity is being lost at an unprecedented rate , ” U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement .
Global warming is adding to threats such as land clearance for farms or cities , pollution and rising human populations .
“ The global response to these challenges needs to move much more rapidly , and with more determination at all levels -- global , national and local , ” he said .
Many experts reckon the world will fail to meet the goal set by world leaders at an Earth Summit in 2002 of a “ significant reduction ” by 2010 in the rate of species losses .
“ We are indeed experiencing the greatest wave of extinctions since the disappearance of the dinosaurs , ” said Ahmed Djoghlaf , head of the U.N. Convention on Biological Diversity .
Dinosaurs vanished 65 million years ago , perhaps after a meteorite struck .
“ Extinction rates are rising by a factor of up to 1,000 above natural rates .
Every hour , three species disappear .
Every day , up to 150 species are lost .
Every year , between 18,000 and 55,000 species become extinct , ” he said .
“ The cause : human activities . ”
DODO
A “ Red List ” of endangered species , however , lists only 784 species driven to extinction since 1500 -- ranging from the dodo bird of Mauritius to the golden toad of Costa Rica .
Craig Hilton - Taylor , manager of the list compiled by the World Conservation Union grouping 83 governments as well as scientists and environmental organizations , said the hugely varying figures might both be right , in their way .
“ The U.N. figures are based on loss of habitats , estimates of how many species lived there and so will have been lost , ” he told Reuters .
“ Ours are more empirical -- those species we knew were there but cannot find . ”
U.N. climate experts say global warming , blamed mainly on human use of fossil fuels , will wreck habitats by drying out the Amazon rainforest , for instance , or by melting polar ice .
The World Conservation Union also said that one in every six land mammals in Europe was under threat of extinction , including the Iberian lynx , Arctic fox and the Mediterranean monk seal .
“ The results of the report highlight the challenge we currently face to halt the loss of biodiversity by 2010 , ” European Commissioner Stavros Dimas said .
Europe ’s goal is to halt biodiversity loss by 2010 , tougher than the global target of slowing losses .
Another report by a group of farm researchers said that global warming may drive many wild varieties of plants such as potatoes and peanuts to extinction by mid-century , wiping out traits that might help modern crops resist pests or disease .
The WWF conservation group and the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society said that whales , dolphins and porpoises were “ facing increasing threats from climate change ” because of factors such as rising sea temperatures .
A survey in Britain said climate change might actually help some of the nation ’s rare wildlife and plants -- such as the greater horseshoe bat and the turtle dove -- to spread to new areas even as others faced threats to their survival .
Noah Hart has ported SQLite3 to C# .
While the first port is slower than the original , the project opens the way for SQLite to be used in .NET managed projects without using P / Invoke or unsafe code .
The project , C#- SQLite , is hosted on Google Code and represents the complete porting of SQLite version 3.6.16 to C# , the code being licensed under the Creative Commons 3.0 .
C#- SQLite passes over 30,000 tests with only 9 still not working .
The compiled binary exe is 528KB which is about the same as the original at 506KB .
The performance is behind the original native C implementation , but Hart says that he made no attempt to optimize the code yet , and considers the performance as acceptable .
All numbers represent Rows / second :
Test C#- SQLite SQLite Insert 300 K 1300 K Select 1500 K 8450 K Update 60 K 300K Delete 250K 700K
Cory Nelson explains why an SQLite port is better than using other approaches : avoiding P / Invoke which “ can be pretty slow and is not portable ” .
Another reason is that the C code uses “ goto all over the place , which probably hampers optimization as opposed to exceptions . ”
Many products , including Adobe AIR , contain and use SQLite .
Probably the best use of C# - SQLite is for Silverlight projects , as Tim Anderson points out :
Others are hopeful for a local database manager for Microsoft Silverlight , writing to isolated storage .
…
Silverlight does not allow platform invoke or code marked as unsafe ; and while there are apparently only a few p/ invoke calls I ’m guessing there may be many unsafe sections since the original SQLite makes heavy use of pointers .
Although Silverlight is an implementation of the .NET Framework , it does not include the System .
Data namespace .
It does include System .
Linq .
C#-SQLite is not an official version of SQLite , Hart not being affiliated with SQLite.org .
Richard Hipp , the creator of SQLite and owner of its trademark , did not accept ” SQLite ” to be included in the name of this port , but later agreed with C# - SQLite .
There are other managed databases , some of them being : Perst , db4o , Silverlight Database , System .Data.SQLite .
Will " stimulus " restore the economy to perfect health ?
Not unless you think government stimulus will sustain the massive private debt mountain we built up over the past 25 years .
In his latest quarterly letter , the great Jeremy Grantham of GMO explains the problem and offers several possible ways out .
None are happy endings ( with the possible exception of finding another bubble to push asset values back to the stratosphere ) .
And , before you start reading , here 's the picture that 's worth a thousand words , courtesy of Yves Smith at Naked Capitalism :
Jeremy Grantham :
But let us look for a minute at the extent of the loss in
perceived wealth that is the main shock to our economic
system .
If in real terms we assume write - downs of 50 %
in U.S. equities , 35 % in U.S. housing , and 35 % to 40 %
in commercial real estate , we will have had a total loss
of about $ 20 trillion of perceived wealth from a peak
total of about $ 50 trillion .
This relates to a GDP of about $ 13 trillion , the annual value of all U.S. produced goods
and services .
These write - downs not only mean that
we perceive ourselves as shockingly poorer , they also
dramatically increase our real debt ratios .
Prudent debt issuance is based on two factors : income and collateral .
Like a good old - fashioned mortgage issuer , we want the debt we issue to be no more than 80 % of the conservative asset value , and lower would be better .
We also want the income of the borrower to be sufﬁ cient to pay the interest with a safety margin and , ideally , to be enough to
amortize the principal slowly .
On this basis , the National Private Asset Base ( to coin a phrase ) of $ 50 trillion supported about $ 25 trillion of private debt , corporate and individual [ Note : The chart above includes government debt ] .
Given that almost half of us have small or no mortgages , this 50 % ratio seems dangerously high .
But now the asset values have fallen back to $ 30 trillion ,
whereas the debt remains at $ 25 trillion , give or take the
miserly $ 1 trillion we have written down so far .
If we
would like the same asset coverage of 50 % that we had a
year ago , we could support only $ 15 trillion or so of total
debt .
The remaining $ 10 trillion of debt would have been
stranded as the tide went out !
What is worse is that credit standards have of course tightened , so newly conservative lenders now assume the obvious : that 50 % was too high , and that 40 % loan to collateral value or even less would be more appropriate .
As always , now that it ’s raining , bankers want back the umbrellas they lent us .
At 40 % of $ 30 trillion , ideal debt levels would be $ 12 trillion or so ,
almost exactly half of where they actually are today !
It is
obvious that the scale of write - downs that we have been
reading about in recent months of $ 1 trillion to $ 2 trillion
will not move our system anywhere near back to a healthy
balance .
To be successful , we really need to halve the
level of private debt as a fraction of the underlying asset
values .
This implies that by hook or by crook , somewhere
between $ 10 trillion and $ 15 trillion of debt will have to
disappear .
Given where we are today , there are only three ways to restore a balance between current private debt levels and our reduced , but much more realistic , asset
values :
we can bite the bullet and drastically write down debt ( which , so far , seems unappealing to the authorities ) ;
we can , like Japan did , let the very long passage of time wear down debt levels as we save more and restore our consumer balance sheets ; or
we can inﬂate the heck out of our debt and reduce its real value .
( In the interest of completeness I should mention that there can sometimes be a fourth possible way : to somehow re-inﬂate aggregate asset prices way above fair value again .
After the tech
bubble of 2000 Greenspan found a second major asset
class ready and waiting – real estate – on which to work
his wicked ways .
This time there is no new major asset
class available and , although Homo sapiens may not be
very quick learners , we do not appear eager to burn our
ﬁngers twice on the very same stove .
As a society , we
apparently need 15 to 20 years to forget our last burn .
With
so many ﬁnancial and economic problems reverberating
around the world and with animal spirits so crushed , re -
inﬂ ating equity or real estate prices way above fair value
again in the next few years seems a forlorn hope if indeed
it is possible at all . )
Each of the three realistic possibilities listed above would
be extremely painful , each is loaded with uncertainties ,
and even the quickest of them would take several years .
Our path this time is likely to involve a hybrid approach :
we will certainly take some painful debt liquidations ; this
crisis will almost certainly take far longer than normal
to play out ; and probably , before a new equilibrium is
reached , we will see inﬂation rates that are well above
normal .
See Also : Grantham : S&P 500 Likely To Drop Another 40 %
FRANKFURT – All of Germany was bamboozled Thursday by a bizarre scheme that tricked the country 's main wire service into reporting an attempted suicide bombing in a California town – an attack supposedly perpetrated by a non-existent rap group called the " Berlin Boys . "
How they did it : A team of publicity seeking hoaxers fooled Germany ’s wire service into reporting on a fake suicide bombing in California allegedly perpetrated by German rappers .
1 . First the tricksters set up a website for a fake California city called Bluewater and a fake TV station there .
On the websites , they listed California telephone numbers – but those went directly to the hoaxsters ’ German Skype accounts .
They also created a Wikipedia article that confirmed the existence of the station .
2. A hysterical “ reporter ” from the fake TV station called German newsrooms reporting a suicide attacks , and directed them to the fake websites .
German journalists called the phone numbers for “ officials ” listed on the sites to confirm the stories .
Of course , those numbers connected straight to the hoaxsters .
3 . The DPA – the German equivalent of the Associated Press – put the story up on its newswire .
The San Bernardino County Sheriff ’s Office was quickly flooded with phone calls from German reporters trying to confirm the suicide bombing .
4. Within 30 minutes , the DPA took down their story .
But the damage was done .
Later , the hoaxsters sent out a press release announcing what they did .
The work of German filmmakers peddling a satirical movie called Short Cut to Hollywood , the elaborate hoax involved at least two faked websites , a faked Wikipedia entry and California phone numbers for " public safety " officials that were actually being answered by hoaxsters in Germany using Skype .
The hoax has transfixed this country .
It prompted a 1,000 - word tome on the website of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung , Germany ’s most respected newspaper , and even a press conference denouncing the incident by the DPA – the German wire service responsible for first disseminating the news about the " attack . "
The hoax 's effect was felt thousands of miles away , as a flood of concerned phone calls from Germany jammed the switchboards at the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's office , which has jurisdiction over the supposed bombing site in California .
" This is frustrating and a waste of our resources , " said office spokesman Arden Wiltshire , who was awakened at 5 a .m.
Thursday to try and sort out the crisis .
Wiltshire worries that dispatchers could have missed important calls to deal with the Germans .
" We ’re sorry for what happened ; we , too , were victimized , " said Justus Demmer , a DPA spokesman .
" What we have learned today is if there 's someone committed to betray you , it 's very hard to stop it . "
The hoax began Thursday when a man identifying himself as California TV journalist Rainer Petersen called Germany 's largest news services to report the rap group ’s arrest .
He directed journalists to websites for " KVPK News " and the " City of Bluewater . "
The Bluewater website listed California telephone numbers for city services , while the KVPK site hosted faux English - language TV news reports about the bombing .
But Bluewater is n't a city at all :
It 's a large unincorporated swath of land straddling the Arizona - California state line , with the California side patrolled by San Bernardino County 's deputies .
The Berlin Boys do n't exist in real life , and neither does KVPK .
That did n't stop the DPA from running the headline : " Attack in Small California Town . "
That ’s when the trickle of calls to the Sheriff 's office became a barrage , prompting dispatchers to wake Wiltshire – something only done for a major crisis , like the shooting of an officer .
The DPA corrected the report about half an hour later , but by then it was too late .
The assault on dispatchers paralyzed officials through the night , even after the pranksters sent out a press release that made it clear the whole stunt was an elaborate hoax to promote a short film .
" For five months we thought about how we can bring out our black - humor satire , Short Cut to Hollywood , " the release said in German .
A person who answered a phone number with a California area code listed on the press release told Wired.com , " I no speak English . "
But once spoken to in German , he declined to identify himself .
" I ca n't help you . "
He did say he was in Berlin and was using Skype – a VOIP service that allows people to register and use local U.S. phone numbers even when they are in other countries .
An e-mail to an address listed on the release went unanswered .
The whole episode has been embarrassing for the German media , bemusing to law enforcement and simply amusing to the residents where the suicide bombing supposedly occurred .
But it ’s been a boon for Short Cut to Hollywood , which is supposed to come out in German theaters later this month .
By Friday , the German media were filled with reports mourning the DPA 's failings but lauding the audacity of Jan Henrik Stahlberg , the filmmaker who is widely thought to be behind the stunt .
“ This has never happened to German media before , ” fretted the DPA ’s Demmer .
“ It should never have happened . ”
On the California - Arizona border , locals were blissfully unaware of the hoax that involved their sparsely populated resort area , whose greatest claim to fame is a nearby casino .
Hardly anyone lives on the California side of Bluewater , says Dorothy Randall , who runs the Bermuda Palms RV Park in Earp .
There ’s no city hall or council .
The area is called Bluewater by locals , so it would n’t make sense for a suicide bombing to have occurred in town anyway , because there really is no town to begin with , Randall said .
“ There ’s not much here , ” she said .
Top image :
The banner on the fake website for the city of Bluewater .
The wildlife park wants to create a 10 - acre reserve for the lions A wildlife park near Doncaster has launched a fundraising campaign to bring 14 lions from a Romanian zoo .
Yorkshire Wildlife Park says it needs to raise £ 150,000 to transfer the lions from the country 's Oradea Zoo .
Park director John Minion said the animals were kept in small cages and some faced being put down if a new home for them could not be found .
Mr Minion said the zoo was " fully supportive " of plans to move the lions , which will include 18 - month - old cubs .
The wildlife park first heard of the lions ' plight when it was contacted by the specialist re-homing service at Heathrow Airport .
Staff got in touch with a Romanian animal rescue charity and in July Mr Minion visited the zoo , at the invitation of its director .
" The staff at Oradea really love their animals and desperately want the best for them
John Minion , park director
He said he was " shocked and moved " by what he saw , and pledged to help the animals .
" The lions were in awful conditions , " he said .
" I saw five in a 3 m by 4 m pen .
It was incredibly distressing .
The zoo keepers care for the animals , but they do n't have any money or the proper resources , and can't put tyres up for them to play with .
" Quite a few of the lions have developmental problems and arthritic conditions .
" The options are to re-home them , or the possibility of euthanasia .
" The staff at Oradea really love their animals and desperately want the best for them - it would be terrible if they had to be put down . "
Money raised will go towards building a lion house and creating a 10 - acre reserve for the animals .
It is hoped the lions can be brought to the wildlife park before winter , when heavy snowfalls in Romania make travelling difficult .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
The Spanish ribbed newt more than lives up to its name
One amphibian has evolved a bizarre and gruesome defence mechanism to protect itself against predators .
When attacked , the Spanish ribbed newt pushes out its ribs until they pierce through its body , exposing a row of bones that act like poisonous barbs .
The newt has to force its bones through its skin every time it is attacked , say scientists , who have described the form and function of the barbs in detail .
Yet this bizarre behaviour appears not to cause the newt any ill effects .
The ability of the Spanish ribbed newt to expose its rib bones was first noticed by a natural historian in 1879 .
But scientists have now used modern photographic and X - ray imaging techniques to reveal just how the animal does it .
The ribs have burst through the skin , ready to sting any attacker
And what they discovered is even more gruesome than they imagined .
When the newt becomes agitated or perceives a threat , it swings its ribs forward , increasing their angle to the spine by up to 50 degrees .
As it does this , the newt keeps the rest of its body still .
" The forward movement of the ribs increases the body size and stretches the skin to the point of piercing it , " says zoologist Egon Heiss of the University of Vienna in Austria .
The tips of the newt 's ribs then stick outside its body , like exposed spines .
Arrows point to a poisonous secretion which coats the tips of protruding ribs
But there is more to the newt 's defence , Heiss and his Vienna - based colleagues report in the Journal of Zoology .
" When teased or attacked by a predator , [ the newt ] secretes a poisonous milky substance on to the body surface .
The combination of the poisonous secretion and the ribs as ' stinging ' tools is highly effective , " says Heiss .
The impact on any predator can be striking , particularly if they try to bite the newt or pick it up using their mouth .
Then the poison is almost injected into the thin skin within the mouth , causing severe pain or possibly death to the attacker .
A computer tomograph shows the sharp rib points and vertebral column
As well as elucidating the spear - like shape of the ribs , and exactly how the ribs swing forward and protrude , the scientists have demonstrated that the bones must break through the newt 's body wall every time the amphibian evokes the defence response .
Initially , it was thought that the ribs might passively emerge through pores , rather than be actively driven through the body wall .
Surprisingly , the newt , which is related to other newts and salamanders , appears to suffer no major ill effects , despite repeatedly puncturing its own body and exposing its rib bones .
" Newts , and amphibians in general , are known to have an extraordinary ability to repair their skin , " says Heiss .
On the left , the ribs of a relaxed newt point backwards , while on the right an agitated newt brings its ribs forward , ready to strike through the skin " Anyway , if this newt can avoid being eaten in some cases , this surely has a positive influence . "
It also seems that the newt is immune to its own poison , which is normally confined to glands in the newt 's body .
When the newt wounds itself by exposing its ribs , the poison can seep into its body tissue , again apparently with no ill effects .
Heiss now hopes to investigate which compounds are in the poison .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Welcome to The Moonlit Road.com , where we tell Southern ghost stories , folktales , myths and legends from the dark backroads of the American South .
Want to come along ?
Follow the lantern to visit with our storytellers .
Jewish rabbi in Charleston , South Carolina stumbles across a secretive Gullah community – and enlists a magic golem creature to protect it .
Mississippi ghost story of a young girl terrorized by Billy Ray , her mischievous and mysterious , cousin .
North Carolina creature story of two boys whose nighttime possum hunt brings an encounter with a terrifying mountain Hob Goblin !
We present two ghost stories from Amy Mitchell and multimedia artist Geoff Mitchell .
Illustration by Janelle Jex
Story of haunted and cursed doll known as Robert The Doll , currently on display ( if you dare visit ) in Key West , Florida .
Story of a haunted historic jail in Lawrenceville , Georgia , haunted by a slave named Elleck .
Georgia bullies terrorize the wrong trick - or - treater in this Halloween horror story from Harris Tobias .
Florida horror story of a wealthy Halloween decor supplier who may have unlocked a door to real evil .
Written by Harris Tobias .
Unsettlingly creepy , Southern haunted house story written by Bill Arbuckle .
Escape from Shiloh ( Civil War Ghost Stories )
Tourists at the Battle of Shiloh historic site in Tennessee stumble across a terrifying cave .
An Alabama widow lives in fear of the terrifying murderer Railroad Bill .
But is he really what the townsfolk say he is ?
Written and told by Christine Horn .
Two sailors on shore leave encounter the horrifying bogeymen from their childhoods known as The Gunnymen .
Written by K.E. Moore .
Poor , road - weary Thomas Lester decides to spend the night in a haunted house .
Never a good idea !
A Southern ghost story told by Yomi Goodall .
Scary story of Goatman ’s Bridge , one of the most haunted spots in Texas .
Written by Shaun Jex .
Careful what you ask the local witch for .
Your debt must be paid .
Creepy Georgia witch story by Kayla Bolton .
Spooky Texas legend of the McDow Hole , where ghost sightings of pioneer woman Jenny Papworth and her baby have long been reported .
Historian Bob Hopkins brings us the definitive study of this and other hauntings .
Ghost story from Athens , Georgia of a mysterious cemetery and ( of course ) a Georgia bulldog .
Written by K.E. Schmidt .
Ghost story of an Alabama “ hollar ” haunted by a farmer ghost searching for his missing son .
Written by Irran Butler .
Heir to family fortune must solve the riddle of his father ’s sinister tombstone to claim his inheritance in this Virginia horror story from K.E. Moore .
Louisiana twist on the legend of the Fair Folk , written by Sam McDonald .
Young boys make the mistake of chasing an errant football into the depths of a Georgia haunted house .
Written by Kenneth Gary .
Mississippi Rose ( Audio Ghost Stories )
Mississippi ghost story about a young boy ’s encounter with a strange girl who suddenly appears near his family ’s farm .
Written by LaDoris Davis and Craig Dominey .
Told by LaDoris Davis .
Louisiana ghost story about the well documented hauntings at Myrtles Plantation .
Collected and adapted by Craig Dominey .
Told by Veronica Byrd .
Horror story of a frightening creature terrorizing a frontier South Carolina town .
Written by Norman Coulson .
Creepy true story of a haunted bridge that once stood near Lookout Mountain , Alabama .
Written by Irran Butler .
Animal fable The Scorpion and the Frog is retold as a North Carolina horror / suspense thriller by Kyle Moore .
What is that mysterious organ music drifting from the creepy house down the road ?
Read this South Carolina haunted house tale from Tony Young .
Alabama home for sale by owner , scary furnace in the basement included !
Ghost story written by Kenneth Gage Gary .
Tennessee cat - and - mouse tale of a man versus a creature from an old legend .
But there ’s nothing to worry about …is there ?
Written by Bill Arbuckle .
Looking for a Southern ghost tour , haunted place , ghost hunt or historic travel based on our stories ?
Then here ’s how you get to those places !
Calling all teachers – you can now download lesson plans based on our stories .
Created and submitted by your fellow teachers .
Please feel free to share yours !
More Oldies but Goodies »
As we approached , it was obvious that a large crowd had gathered .
A long line extended from the ticket booth and the stands looked nearly full .
Friends had tipped me off about what was going on only 10 minutes earlier , while thousands of others had obviously been looking forward to this event .
On a steamy Friday night my 10 year old son and I headed over to the rodeo grounds .
It is only about a mile from our home and within the city limits , though on the eastern edge where the town merges into the valley landscape of pastures and tree - lined creeks and ditches .
I place this sport in the same category as NASCAR , demolition derby , drag racing , and motor cross :
An internal combustion engine of one sort or another propels a vehicle with a driver .
Speed , power , agility , longevity or luck may sort among winners and losers .
In this particular version , a weighted sled steadily increases the resistance the further it travels .
Vehicles pull until they stop , usually in an engine stall and a cloud of dust .
Because Willits is a relatively small town , anonymity is not possible once you become involved in community affairs .
I am on the board of a couple of non-profits related to energy and sustainability , have a radio show on a local station , two kids in the school system , and run a small farm that serves local customers .
I brought attention to the subject of peak oil in October of 2005 by showing the film The End of Suburbia every other week for about a year .
I offer this background because people who know me would likely surmise ( correctly ) that if I were “ supreme ruler ” nothing like this would ever happen .
I asked a city councilor in attendance ( the same person who alerted me to its occurrence ) if this event is in conflict with the City ’s pledge to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 90 % below 2005 levels by 2050 , a goal I had a hand in developing ?
The City of Willits and a who ’s who of community organizations also signed a sustainability vision statement I wrote .
Was this part of that vision ?
She just smiled and remarked that energy is n’t expensive enough yet .
I was recognized by a member of the Frontier Day ’s Committee , which are the folks who run the rodeo grounds .
He sided up to me to verbalize how he saw the equations balancing out with respect to the spectacle .
“ Using a lot of fuel , are n’t they ? ”
He spoke directly into my ear to compensate for the cylinder blasts .
“ But you know , this is a big crowd and it really helps us cover the cost of our lease .
It ’s the first time we ’ve done this . ”
I simply smiled and gave a nod .
The crowd was big .
Ten times bigger , in fact , than any I had been able to attract with notions of peak oil , economic collapse , relocalization , renewable energy , sustainable agriculture , or a host of other hot topics .
What should I make of that ?
My son shouted out a running commentary that reflected my own mixed emotions .
As the announcer explained in testosterone - laden tones , the turbo diesels spent about a minute “ Building their Boost ! ” before releasing the clutch .
During this process , black soot emerged from pairs of thick chrome pipes to neck craning heights , which served to tense the crowd .
On several such occasions my son looked up at me to say , “ They ’re polluting the Earth ! ”
And yet , perhaps ten seconds later as the truck stalled some 300 ft down the dirt track we whooped excitedly with everybody else .
Our brains were being whip lashed by dueling neurotransmitters .
The neocortex was giving us one signal , namely “ Polluting Earth Bad , ” while the limbic system was giving us countervailing signals , specifically “ THIS IS SO COOL ! ”
In fact , that is the other phrase my son used often that night .
So on a cycle that repeated every several minutes , I would pump my fists and shout “ YEAH ! ” , but as the rush of dopamine waned , nagging concerns regarding the energy expenditure would re-emerge .
Sometimes the motions of a really fine vehicle , such as the ones propelled by jet engines , would keep me “ amped ” even while the track was being prepared between runs by rumbling dozers , rollers , and the periodic water truck .
( I am not going to delve into the neurophysiology and evolution of the brain in this post .
Please see this one instead . )
It was n’t only the fuel injection on a 2000 hp engine going full tilt for 10 seconds that bothered me , but the knowledge that these beasts were coming from all over the state .
The names of the vehicles I remember include White Lightning , Semper Fi and Get it Done ( which ended up being the big winner , pulling the Terminator sled over 350 ft , dragging it out of bounds and finishing in a perilous side - ways slide ) .
The geographic names included San Luis Obispo , Red Bluff and Bakersfield .
And my son and I constituted the majority of the subpopulation that made it to the rodeo grounds via the most energy efficient transportation device every made — the humble bike running at less than one horsepower and burning non-fossil carbohydrate fuels .
I do n’t want anybody to get the impression that I judge the people who regularly attend diversions such as the truck pull much differently than my own cohort .
The following is a list of low Dopamine Returned on Energy Invested ( DREI ) activities undertaken by friends and family .
These are people who I have personally addressed on the subjects dear to readers of The Oil Drum , and some of them even help me try to “ save ” civilization , the planet , and other important stuff .
• Fly to Las Vegas to see Cirque du Soleil .
This is remarkably common and not limited to any one individual .
The most recent “ must see show ” was The Beatles Love , and I admit it looks awfully tempting !
• Spend a week on a Cajun Dance Cruise ship .
My wife and I are invited to this one yearly , and it is especially difficult to pass up .
• Ski in the Rockies .
Ski in the Sierras , etc .
• Vacations in Europe , Asia , etc .
I have n’t done any carbon footprint analysis to compare the truck pull to the diversions more in line with my own tastes and those of my peers .
Obviously they all use gargantuan amounts of energy .
I am a firm believer in the notion that the one - time endowment of Earthly oil should be viewed as a precious gift , and that if any of it needs to be used to it should be allocated towards deploying the technology and infrastructure that would lower our ecological footprint enough not to despoil our home .
Anytime I see gallons of fossil fuels being burned I realize that the btus released are enormous , dwarfing the potential power output of human bodies or domesticated animals .
Without a renewable energy infrastructure in place before depletion of oil sets in , I fear social convulsions of the worst sort .
For example , if we lose our energy slaves will we somehow justify human ones again ?
And yet we burn it up so frivolously .
This final quote from my son summarizes the situation aptly : " Dad , this is so crazy ! "
Nate Hagens and I discussed this topic as part of one of our radio interviews .
On that program Nate recommended trying to discover diversions that use little energy , in other words , have a high DREI .
I doubt most of the crowd at the truck pull had listened to any of my shows .
But even among those of us “ in the know , ” a challenge we face is dealing with the addictive aspects of energy intensive activities .
On the way back home I met John Jeavons and related my recent experiences .
He commented on a time in Mexico , where he was teaching GROW BIOINTENSIVE farming in a workshop .
It was in a port city and one day an impressively enormous cruise ship loomed over the docks , its thousands of passengers disgorging into the streets and tourist shops .
He thought about the amount the urine and feces produced each day on a ship like that , how much food could be grown with it , and knowing that the mineral wealth of the modern food system and the resulting effluent came from mines and natural gas wells that were low entropy geological riches scooped up using machines running on oil …and yet it was all being dispersed into the ocean .
We like to share stories on Campfire .
So I ’d like to hear from you about the following :
1 . Have you been able to move away from low DREI habits and replace them with high DREI ones ?
2 . What experiences have you had like mine and John Jeavons ’ , being simultaneously awed and disgusted by the excesses of our world ?
3 . Why should I deprive myself of the great hedonistic pleasures of the age of oil if I can still afford them since very few others willingly curtail ?
4 . Is information sufficient to change behavior , and if not , what does ?
5 . I recognized very few faces at the truck pull , even though I live in a small town .
What does this say about the cultural diversity of society and does that diversity make it more or less challenging to adapt to change ?
Story Update : Coverage of the event in The Willits News is now available .
ISLAMABAD --
The Pakistani army said it dealt a new blow to the Taliban insurgency , capturing a top commander who once worked in Boston as a housepainter .
The white - bearded militant , Muslim Khan , had helped spearhead the group 's two - year uprising in the Swat Valley in northwest Pakistan .
With his choppy English , Mr. Khan also served as the Swat Taliban 's chief spokesman for local and foreign journalists .
He was arrested earlier this week with four other commanders in their Swat hideout , according to Maj.
Gen. Athar Abbas , ...
MUSIC NEWS - Trent Reznor is back on the internet , and used the Nine Inch Nails website yesterday to offer up some details about NIN 's farewell performances .
Straight from Mr Reznor :
" Getting right to the point , we 're going to play a handful of shows in NYC , Chicago and LA starting August 22nd .
They will be informal affairs in medium to small venues with longer set - lists , possible special guests , cool openers and other surprises . "
" Upon reflection , the NIN / JA tour felt like we had to rush through sets due to a limited allotted set length and many shows were in daylight - it just did n't feel right to end NIN that way .
" An offer to headline V - Fest in Toronto ( being announced soon ) set the idea in motion to play some FUN shows to end this up with .
If we can get it together we 'll film these shows , too . "
" Upon reflection , the NIN / JA tour felt like we had to rush through sets ... it just did n't feel right to end NIN that way " Trent Reznor
He further explains " In NYC we 'll be playing Bowery Ballroom , Webster Hall and Terminal 5 .
In Chicago , the Aragon Ballroom .
In LA we 'll be at The Wiltern , The Henry Fonda , The Palladium and The Echoplex .
These should be cool , unusual and unique shows and I hope you come out - this is it . "
" So far , The Horrors will be joining us for some shows in NYC , Mew will be with us at other shows in NYC , Chicago and LA , and perhaps more .
Details and ticket info will be announced shortly , so check back .
Thanks , Trent "
Yes , I know , we 've heard it before from artists ; Farewell Tour , Final Shows , Good bye Tour , but we can only take Trent at his word , this is it !!!
But time will time if he gets the itch to re-visit NIN someday in the future .
Just in case , go see one / two of these shows !!!
And , you could always go the reunion tour , too !
Look closely , can't you see four perfectly round circles ?
Or maybe you 'll want to stand way back to see them .
Do n't scroll up and down ; that might make you queasy !
- via I Am Bored
SPEED BUMPS SPEED BUMPS
Average download speeds for high - speed Internet : Fastest access Megabits per second Delaware 9.9 Rhode Island 9.8 New Jersey 8.9 Massachusetts 8.7 New York 8.4 Slowest access Megabits per second Alaska 2.3 Montana 2.3 Wyoming 2.6 Idaho 2.6 Hawaii 3.0 Source : Communications Workers of America
The average Internet download speed in the USA is 5.1 megabits per second , though consumers ' online experiences can vary dramatically , depending on where they happen to live , a new report from the Communications Workers of America says .
On balance , speeds in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic were faster .
Speeds in the South and in rural areas were markedly slower , according to the CWA 's report — " Speed Matters " — out Tuesday .
Delaware , for example , averages 9.9 megabits per second .
That 's almost double the national average and triple the speed of Idaho ( 2.6 mbps ) , Arkansas ( 3.1 ) and Alaska ( 2.3 ) .
Data are based on feedback from more than 413,000 Internet users who took an online test between May 2008 and May 2009 , CWA says .
The big swing owes to the way broadband is deployed .
In the U.S. , it 's basically up to individual companies to decide where to offer broadband .
Big broadband players such as Verizon have tended to focus on densely populated areas , where they can get more subscribers .
CWA says such disparities hurt consumers , and hurt bigger national aims .
Uneven efforts by carriers and government " have left a digital divide across the country , " says Larry Cohen , CWA president .
CWA represents workers at AT&T , Verizon and other telecoms .
In comparison with other countries , the USA does poorly .
South Korea , which currently claims some of the fastest broadband speeds , averages 20.4 megabits per second , CWA says , citing the data of Speedtest.net , which tracks global speeds .
The same movie that takes two minutes to download in South Korea can take two hours in the USA , CWA noted .
Other top performers in global broadband include Japan ( 15.8 ) and Sweden ( 12.8 ) .
By Speedtest 's measure , the USA scored slightly better than it did in the CWA test — 6.8 mbps per second , on average .
But the USA still finished dead last among the 29 countries it tracks .
Latvia ( 12.4 ) , Portugal ( 7.97 ) and Liechtenstein ( 6.9 ) all fared better .
CWA says results — both domestically and internationally — underscore what the Obama administration has been saying for months , that the USA needs a cohesive broadband policy .
The Federal Communications Commission is developing a national broadband strategy , and the Commerce Department is about to dole out $ 7 billion to help spur broadband projects .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
September 5th , 2009 by Terry Jones .
Filed under Essence .
Computer scientists are fond of talking about metadata .
There often seems to be an assumption that drawing a distinction between metadata and data is useful and perhaps even necessary .
At an architectural level , I think that ’s entirely wrong .
Any storage architecture that maintains a distinction between metadata and data has real problems that will limit its flexibility and usefulness .
Note that I ’m not saying that an application should n’t maintain a distinction between metadata and data , or that applications should n’t present things to users in those terms , or that it ’s not useful to think in terms of metadata and data .
I ’m also not claiming that every storage architecture needs to be flexible – there are obviously times where that appears unnecessary ( though in many cases you may end up wanting more flexibility ) .
I ’ll simply argue that if you aim to build a storage architecture with real flexibility , maintaining a distinction between data and metadata runs directly counter to your goal .
Below I ’ll outline some reasons why .
But first , consider the natural world .
If you talk to a regular person — meaning someone who ’s not a computer scientist , a librarian , an archivist etc. — and ask them if they know what metadata is , you ’ll probably draw a blank .
Why is that ?
It ’s because the distinction between data and metadata is entirely artificial .
It does not exist in the real world , and it ’s clear that regular people can get by just fine without it .
Fluidinfo draws its inspiration from the way we work with information in the natural world , and maintains no such distinction .
It ’s interesting to speculate on the origins of the metadata vs data distinction .
I ’d love to know its full history .
I suspect that it arose from early architectural constraints , from the relative design and programming ease of maintaining a set of constant - size chunks of information about files apart from the dynamic and variable - size memory required by the contents of files .
I suspect it probably also has to do with architectural limitations and the slowness of early machines .
Here then are the main reasons why the distinction is harmful .
Two access methods :
When metadata and data are stored separately , the way to get at those two different things is likely to be different .
Consider inodes in a UNIX filesystem versus the disk blocks containing file data .
They are stored differently and cannot be accessed in a uniform way .
This causes internal complexity for the storage architecture .
: When metadata and data are stored separately , the way to get at those two different things is likely to be different .
Consider inodes in a UNIX filesystem versus the disk blocks containing file data .
They are stored differently and cannot be accessed in a uniform way .
This causes internal complexity for the storage architecture .
Two permissions systems :
There are likely to be two permissions systems governing changes to metadata and data .
This is another source of internal complexity for the architecture .
: There are likely to be two permissions systems governing changes to metadata and data .
This is another source of internal complexity for the architecture .
Search across the two is complex or impossible :
Why has it traditionally been so hard to find , for example , a file with “ accounts ” in its name and “ automobiles ” in the contents ?
Because this is a simultaneous search across file metadata and file content .
The division between metadata ( the name ) and the data ( the content ) made such searches extremely difficult .
Even with modern systems it ’s awkward .
Consider the UNIX find command which searches based on file metadata and the grep command which searches file contents .
Combining the two is not easy .
It ’s at least possible in some systems these days , but that ’s because those systems pull all the information together and build a separate index on it – i.e. , they allow it by removing the division between metadata and data .
: Why has it traditionally been so hard to find , for example , a file with “ accounts ” in its name and “ automobiles ” in the contents ?
Because this is a simultaneous search across file metadata and file content .
The division between metadata ( the name ) and the data ( the content ) made such searches extremely difficult .
Even with modern systems it ’s awkward .
Consider the UNIX command which searches based on file metadata and the command which searches file contents .
Combining the two is not easy .
It ’s at least possible in some systems these days , but that ’s because those systems pull all the information together and build a separate index on it – i.e. , they allow it by removing the division between metadata and data .
A central piece of content : Systems , especially document or file systems , usually maintain a distinction between the content and the metadata about the content .
But the real world does n’t work that way .
You may possess information about something without having the thing .
There may be no pieces of content , or there may be many .
: Systems , especially document or file systems , usually maintain a distinction between the content and the metadata about the content .
But the real world does n’t work that way .
You may possess information about something without having the thing .
There may be no pieces of content , or there may be many .
Who decides ? :
If a system maintains a distinction between metadata and data , who decides which is which ?
Almost inevitably , it ’s a programmer , a system architect , or a product manager who makes those decisions .
There ’s an implicit assertion that they know more about your information than you do .
They decide what should be in the metadata .
While there are systems that let users create metadata , they are usually limited in scope – someone has decided in advance how much metadata a regular user should be allowed to create , what kind of metadata it can be , how it will be used , how users will be allowed to search on it , etc .
The intentions are good , but the whole thing smacks of parental control , of hand - holding , of “ trust us , we know better than you do ” .
: If a system maintains a distinction between metadata and data , who decides which is which ?
Almost inevitably , it ’s a programmer , a system architect , or a product manager who makes those decisions .
There ’s an implicit assertion that they know more about your information than you do .
They decide what should be in the metadata .
While there are systems that let users create metadata , they are usually limited in scope – someone has decided in advance how much metadata a regular user should be allowed to create , what kind of metadata it can be , how it will be used , how users will be allowed to search on it , etc .
The intentions are good , but the whole thing smacks of parental control , of hand - holding , of “ trust us , we know better than you do ” .
Time dependency at creation : Systems maintaining the distinction also introduce an unnatural time dependency .
Until the content ( i.e. , the data ) is available , there ’s nowhere to put the metadata .
E.g. , a file object has to be created before it can have metadata , a web page has to come into existence before you can tag it .
But the real world does n’t work that way .
E.g. , you can have an opinion about someone you ’ve never met , or someone who ’s dead or fictional .
You can have a summary of a call agenda before the call happens , or notes about a meeting before the minutes of the meeting are prepared .
: Systems maintaining the distinction also introduce an unnatural time dependency .
Until the content ( i.e. , the data ) is available , there ’s nowhere to put the metadata .
E.g. , a file object has to be created before it can have metadata , a web page has to come into existence before you can tag it .
But the real world does n’t work that way .
E.g. , you can have an opinion about someone you ’ve never met , or someone who ’s dead or fictional .
You can have a summary of a call agenda before the call happens , or notes about a meeting before the minutes of the meeting are prepared .
Time dependency at deletion :
The awkward time dependency bites when the content is deleted too .
The metadata necessarily vanishes because the architecture does n’t allow it to persist : there ’s literally nowhere to put it .
Once again , the real world does n’t work that way .
E.g. , you ’re sent a large image file of someone ’s pet cat – you take a look and , to show you care , make a mental note of its name and breed , but you delete the image because you do n’t want to store it .
Or suppose you give away or lose your copy of Moby Dick – you do n’t therefore immediately forget the book ’s title , its plot , the author , the name of the main character , an idea of how long it is , the book ’s first line , etc .
The “ content ” is gone , but the metadata remains .
You may have never owned the book , you may think you have a copy but do not , you may have two copies – in the natural world it just does n’t matter , and nor should it in a storage architecture .
Interestingly , Amazon are currently being sued because they threw away someone ’s metadata in the process of removing a copy of Orwell ’s 1984 from a Kindle .
You can bet the metadata was removed automatically when the content was removed .
OK , enough examples for now .
Fluidinfo has none of the problems listed above .
It has absolutely no distinction between metadata and data .
It has a single permissions system that mediates access to all information .
When a tag ( perhaps used or presented as the “ content ” by an application ) is removed from an object , all the other tags remain .
There is no distinction between important system information and the information stored by any regular user or application – they ’re all on an equal footing , and that includes future applications and users .
No - one gets to set the rules about what ’s more important and what ’s not , there ’s simply no distinction .
You can search on anything , using a single query language – the system uses the query language to find things it needs , just like any other application .
The single permission system mediates who can do what – equally and uniformly .
I used to argue that everything should just be considered data .
But I think David Weinberger puts it better in Everything is Miscellaneous where he says it ’s all metadata .
Call it what you will , it ’s clear ( to me at least ) that at a fundamental level there should be no distinction .
BTW , if you ’re into self - reference , you might also interested to know that Fluidinfo uses itself to implement its permissions system .
Permissions are just more information , after all .
Fluidinfo stores that information for tags , namespaces , and users onto the regular Fluidinfo objects that are about those things .
There truly is no metadata / data distinction .
It ’s a little like Lisp : once you have the core system in place , you can ( and should ) use it to implement the wider system .
Mammals and many species of birds and fish are among evolution 's " winners , " while crocodiles , alligators and a reptile cousin of snakes known as the tuatara are among the losers , according to new research by UCLA scientists and colleagues .
" Our results indicate that mammals are special , " said Michael Alfaro , a UCLA assistant professor of ecology and evolutionary biology and lead author of the research .
The study , published July 24 in the early online edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , also shows that new species emerge nearly as often as they die off .
Alfaro and his colleagues analyzed DNA sequences and fossils from 47 major vertebrate groups and used a computational approach to calculate whether the " species richness " of each group was exceptionally high or low .
The research allows scientists to calculate for the first time which animal lineages have exceptional rates of success .
Among the evolutionary winners are most modern birds , including the songbirds , parrots , doves , eagles , hummingbirds and pigeons ; a group that includes most mammals ; and a group of fish that includes most of the fish that live on coral reefs , said Alfaro , an evolutionary biologist .
A group with the scientific name Boreoeutheria , which consists of many mammals , has diversified about seven times faster than scientists would have expected , beginning about 110 million years ago , Alfaro and his colleagues calculated .
The group includes primates and carnivores , as well as bats and rodents .
Pouched mammals , such as kangaroos , are not as richly varied as other mammals , Alfaro said .
advertisement
Modern birds have diversified about nine times faster than expected , starting about 103 million years ago , and the group of fish that live on coral reefs has diversified about eight times faster than expected , he said .
Who are the evolutionary losers ?
Crocodiles and alligators are nearly 250 million years old yet have diversified into only 23 species , Alfaro said .
They are diversifying a staggering 1,000 times slower than would have been expected .
" Their species richness is so low , given how old they are , " he said .
The tuatara , which lives in New Zealand and resembles lizards — although it is actually a distant cousin — has only two species .
" In the same period of time that produced more than 8,000 species of snakes and lizards , there were only two species of tuatara , " Alfaro said .
Why are there not thousands of species of tuataras ?
" That is one of the big mysteries about biodiversity , " Alfaro said .
" Why these evolutionary losers are still around is a very hard thing to explain .
They have been drawing inside straights for hundreds of millions of years .
It 's a real mystery to biologists how there can be any tuataras , given their low rate of speciation .
They must have something working for them that has allowed them to persist .
In species richness , these are losers , but in another sense , this highlights how unique they are .
There are incredibly disparate patterns of species richness . "
advertisement
Tuataras were a bit more diverse in their heyday ; there may have been a few dozen species of them , most of which have become extinct , Alfaro said .
In contrast , there are more than 9,000 bird species , more than 5,400 mammal species , approximately 5,500 frog species , some 3,000 snake species and 5,200 lizard species , Alfaro said .
The number of frog species , although it sounds high , is about what Alfaro would expect , given how old they are — approximately 250 million years old .
" Our analysis suggests we should not be surprised to see a group with that many species in that amount of time , " Alfaro said .
There are almost 60,000 species of jawed vertebrates .
Alfaro and his colleagues report evidence for exceptional diversification rates in nine taxonomic groups of jawed vertebrates .
Interestingly , their findings do not coincide with traditional scientific explanations for why there are so many mammals , birds and fish .
" The timing of the rate increases does not correspond to the appearance of key characteristics that have been invoked to explain the evolutionary success of these groups , such as hair on mammals or mammals ' well - coordinated chewing ability or feathers on birds , " Alfaro said .
" Our results suggest that something more recent is the cause of the biodiversity .
It may be that something more subtle explains the evolutionary success of mammals , birds and fish .
We need to look for new explanations . "
Co-authors on the PNAS paper are Luke Harmon , a professor of biological sciences at the University of Idaho ; Francesco Santini , a UCLA postdoctoral scholar in Alfaro 's laboratory ; Chad Brock , a graduate student of biology at Washington State University ; Hugo Alamillo , a graduate student of biology at Washington State University ; Alex Dornburg , a former undergraduate in Alfaro 's laboratory , now a graduate student at Yale University ; Daniel Rabosky , a graduate student of biology at Cornell University ; and Giorgio Carnevale , a postdoctoral scholar at Italy 's University of Pisa .
The research is funded by the National Science Foundation .
Alfaro 's laboratory also studies why some groups of animals have great diversity in their shapes and others do not , even if there are many species .
He and his colleagues use DNA sequencing to tease apart evolutionary relationships , analyze the fossil record and conduct sophisticated statistical analysis .
" We are interested in understanding the causes of biodiversity , " Alfaro said .
" We are trying to understand what explains the staggering diversity of reef fishes and other vertebrates . "
" Our analysis can highlight how much higher extinction rates are in the present , compared with the historical rates , " he said .
Chronic itch can be a debilitating condition US scientists have pinpointed a type of nerve cell in mice which appears to generate the itch sensation .
The finding suggests itching is not simply a low - level variation of pain - but a distinct sensation .
A team from Washington University found itch and pain signals seem to be transmitted along different pathways in the spinal cord .
The study , published online by the journal Science , raises hopes of new treatments for itching .
Many scientists have regarded itching as just a less intense version of pain .
It could pinpoint targets for future treatments for itch , a common and sometimes debilitating condition produced by more than 50 diseases
Dr Glenn Giesler
University of Minnesota
They spent decades searching in vain for itch - specific nerve cells to explain how the brain perceives itch differently from pain .
The latest study finally pinpoints these cells - but shows that the low - level pain theory was wrong .
The researchers were able to knock out the itch response in mice without affecting the animals ' ability to sense pain and attempt to avoid it .
Lead researcher Dr Zhou - Feng Chen said : " This finding has very important therapeutic implications .
" We have shown that particular neurons are critical for the itching sensation but not for pain , which means those cells may contain several itch - specific receptors or signalling molecules that can be explored or identified as targets for future treatment or management of chronic itching . "
First gene
The same team identified an " itch gene " , called GRPR , in 2007 .
This time , they injected the spinal cord of mice with a toxin that killed off cells in which the gene was active .
ITCHING
There are many causes of itch , including more than 50 diseases including shingles , Aids , gallbladder problems and Hodgkin's Disease
The itch produced by many diseases can greatly affect quality of life and cannot always be treated
It is not clear that itch serves any clear purpose in many cases
By doing this they were able to eliminate the scratch response in some animals completely .
However , the same animals continued to respond normally to pain .
This showed that the key cells were active in transmitting the sensation of itching , but not the sensation of pain .
There are two major types of itching .
One , caused by bug bites or allergic reactions , is linked to the presence of the chemical histamine .
But most chronic , severe itching is not linked to the chemical - and does not respond to standard anti-histamine treatment .
However , mice whose itch cells had been destroyed did not scratch , regardless of the type of itching agent to which they were exposed .
Dr Glenn Giesler , an expert in itch at the University of Minnesota , said : " I believe this work is very important .
" It could pinpoint targets for future treatments for itch , a common and sometimes debilitating condition produced by more than 50 diseases . "
However , Professor Gil Yosipovitch , another expert in the field at Wake Forest University in North Carolina , said the pathway uncovered by the latest study was not the only one that could transmit the itch sensation .
He said other work suggested there were other pathways which transmitted both the sensations of itch and pain .
He also warned that there was a long way to go from work on mice to the development of new drugs for humans .
However , he added : " It could surely help develop new treatments for itch .
" As yet there are no general purpose anti-pruritic ( anti-itch ) drugs that target the neural system . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Eighteen homes have now been destroyed by the Station fire , which has burned 42,500 acres in the Angeles National Forest , fire officials said Sunday evening .
The blaze is 5 % contained .
It continues to threaten Mt. Wilson , home to a 105 - year - old observatory and transmitters used by television and radio stations , cellphone providers and numerous law - enforcement agencies , including the FBI , CIA and the Secret Service .
The fire is pushing toward the Acton area to the north and Sunland to the west .
Firefighters were able to stop the fire from approaching homes in Glendale , La Cañada Flintridge and La Crescenta .
-- Hector Becerra
Photo : Smoke from the Station fire billows over Soledad Canyon Road beneath a glowing moon in Acton .
Credit : Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times
Photos : Southland wildfires
Related articles :
Two L.A. County firefighters killed in vehicle accident near Station fire
Fire forces
Acton family to take stock of what is important
Map : The Station fire
How are you coping ?
Spil gratis eller for penge på spillemaskiner – et væld af muligheder !
Er du ny på online casinoerne , kan du her få idéer til hvilke spillemaskiner , som passer til netop dig .
Vil du spille gratis eller for penge på danske spillemaskiner ?
Du vælger selv !
Der er masser af chancer og bonusser , som forøger dine muligheder for at vinde stort uden at bruge mange penge .
Kom godt i gang med spillemaskiner på nettet
Hvis du ønsker at spille , er det ikke længere nødvendigt at finde en spillehal eller kiosk .
Det er mere bekvemt at spille på nettet – så kan du også selv helt frit vælge spilleautomat og lige netop det tidspunkt , der passer dig , endda uden at skulle bevæge dig uden for dit hjem .
Der er mange måder at spille på nettet , og der er heldigvis også masser af danske spillemaskiner at vælge imellem .
Det kan være lokkende , hvis man gerne vil hygge sig og have det sjovt , og så endda med chancen for at vinde penge .
Mange nye danske spilleautomater dukker nu op på nettet , og danskerne er dermed så heldige at have et kæmpe udvalg ligegyldigt , om man søger en bestemt type spil , et specifikt tema , gratis spil eller noget andet .
Spil på online casino for sjov
Nogle gange er det ikke dét at kunne vinde penge , som er attraktivt , når folk søger spillemaskiner .
Det kan også sagtens være , at man ønsker at benytte spillemaskiner for sjov , for mange automater er med sine søde figurer , eventyrlige temaer eller hyggelige spænding nok i sig selv til at udgøre et rigtig godt tidsfordriv .
Det er helt normalt , at man på online casinoer kan prøve diverse spillemaskiner gratis , altså uden indbetaling .
Man kan så vælge at spille for fornøjelsens skyld , da man ofte får valget mellem at spille for penge eller spille gratis , når et spillemaskine - spil vælges på et online casino .
Det er en fin måde at prøve et spil af på , så man kan danne sig et indtryk af , hvorvidt netop denne type spil eller spillemaskine passer til én .
Det er dog kun for nye brugere på casinoerne , men til gengæld kan du kvit og frit teste diverse casinoer , så du kan finde det eller de steder , hvor både stil og spillemaskiner matcher dine præferencer .
En anden måde at spille ” gratis ” på er at benytte sig af diverse bonusser , free spins eller lignende , som casinoerne på nettet tilbyder .
Det er sjældent helt gratis , men du kan få mange chancer og dermed mulighed for at vinde rede penge .
Dernæst kan du , hvis du ønsker , indbetale penge .
Her kan du spille gratis på spillemaskiner på nettet
Som beskrevet er det nemt at finde et dansk online casino , hvor du kan hygge dig med at spille for sjov på spillemaskiner .
Det er sider som BingoSjov , Royal Casino , LeoVegas , Maria Casino , Tivoli Casino , Inter Casino og mange flere .
De færreste mennesker , og da især dem som ikke har prøvet at spille før , kan bare gå i gang med et nyt spil og på nul komma fem blive gode til det , så tag dig gerne tid til at øve dig lidt med gratis spil .
Der er et væld af forskellige spillemaskiner , og der bliver blot flere og flere , for teknologien udvikler sig hele tiden .
Det kan være forvirrende med alle de forskellige slags , men hvis du husker de følgende typer , er du godt på vej : Multiplikatorer , Jackpot , Wild Pay , Nudge , Buy - a - Pay og Second Chance .
Disse er blandt de mest almindelige typer spillemaskiner , og du kan let researche dig frem til , hvad du synes , lyder bedst for dig .
En spillemaskine med multiplikatorer er eksempelvis lavet sådan , at den multiplicerer antallet af mønter , du putter i den , hvor Jackpot maskiner tager en lille procentdel af de mønter , der spilles for , og tilføjer det til jackpotten .
Dermed øges jackpotten , jo mere du spiller .
Find temaer , som passer dig og dit humør
Gamle spillemaskiner var måske ikke nær så farverige eller i hvert fald opfindsomme , som nye spillemaskiner er .
Når du gerne vil spille online , har du valget mellem en nærmest uendelig række temaer , og det gør det også sjovere , fordi du så altid kan finde en maskine , som passer dit humør .
Der findes søde temaer , som får dig til at smile , spændende eventyrtemaer , som skaber stemning , diverse kendte temaer fra eksempelvis film og serier og mange flere .
Er du fan af en bestemt film eller måske en kunstner eller karakter , kan du muligvis være heldig at finde en spilleautomat , som har ladet sig inspirere af netop din interesse .
Det samme gælder , hvis du er optaget af et bestemt eventyr eller en historie , eller måske er du vild med for eksempel hunde , nisser , frugter , rumvæsner eller noget helt andet .
Måske synes du , at oldtidens Egypten er spændende og mystisk , eller har et andet land – eller by – stjålet dit hjerte ?
Find det hele på kasinoerne , så skal du bare beslutte , hvad du vil prøve først , og om du vil spille gratis eller for penge .
Bed & Breakfast in Venice
Actually Bed & Breakfast in Venice are a type of accommodation offering much more comfort and amenities than those designed by its name : luggage storage , bed linen and towels ; car parkings and safe - deposit boxes in some cases , laundry service an cots sometimes .
Bathrooms are not always inside the room , but several Bed & Breakfast in Venice include them as standard service .
Breakfast may be served at the rooms or , sometimes , at the gardens or terraces , with lovely views to the belfry of Chiesa dei Frari .
When travelling to Italy you may stay in a Bed & Breakfast in Venice choosing among the possibilities offered by Clickbed : located in Mestre , in the central area of the modern distict of Venice , located ay only 10 minutes by bus from Marco Polo Airport ; close to the itneresting touristic sites like Piazza San Marco , at a short distance from the well - known Ponte di Rialto , Casa di Goldoni ; in the sunny Campo San Polo , close to San Silvestro stop ; at 5 minutes from the Biennale - Giardini entrance or Piazza Santa Elena .
If you want to get from your Bed & Breakfast in Venice to any other place in the " Repubblica Marinara " the habitual way is on foot , or along the canals by gondolas or vaporettos - kind of public barge equivalent to a bus - .
Venice Card includes free use of public transport services , access to public toilets and discounts in its Blue version .
If you decide to buy the Venice Card Orange you will enjoy the same benefits but including free entrance to the municipal museums ( Musei Civici Veneziani ) , churches of the Chorus circuit and discounts in other museums in Venice .
Optical Mouse Cam
OK , so I finally decided to get my hands on the Arduino platform and see what all the buzz is really about .
And I must say , I 'm impressed .
This is by far the most developer - friendly development platform I 've ever seen .
It 's main advantages :
It 's simple .
The hardware is very simple and uses standard , commonly available components .
The software IDE is basic but functional : editor window , status window , integrated serial terminal .
That 's it .
It 's reasonably powerful .
The Arduino diecimilla that I used is based on the ATMega168 microcontroller clocked at 16MHz .
It 's based on open source hardware and software ( If you omit the trademark controversy about the Arduino trademark ) .
The board design is public .
This has lead to the creation of several variants and clones ( Freeduino ) which contributed to the popularity of the platform .
Power , firmware upload and serial communications through a single USB cable .
It 's expandable .
The concept of " shields " that can be stacked on top of the main Arduino board is genius :)
As a matter of fact , making a small prototyping shield was the first thing I did for this platform .
So , a while ago I came across this great optical mouse hack by Sprite .
I decided it would be great to do as my first Arduino project ( beyond the " Blinky LED " example , that is . )
First step , dissection of a wireless mouse from a cheap Typhoon wireless mouse / keyboard combo .
Unscrew it .
Look for screws under the pads and stickers on the bottom .
My model came with two PCBs which are coupled using a 14 pins , two rows header :
The unusual looking chip in the middle is an ADNS - 2051 optical sensor .
This chip holds a 16x16 , 64 levels of gray image sensor and a DSP which computes movements from the optical flow of the captured images :
Underneath the second PCB is the optical bloc with lens and LED collimator :
Better view of the optics .
It was manufactured by Agilent technologies or its spinoff Avago technologies :
Agilent / Avago provides the optical block , motion sensor and LED assembly of most optical mice .
Here 's how everything stacks up :
OK , so going this far was not really necessary , I just like to see how things are made and to take macro shots of it :-)
Going back to the ADNS - 2051 chip and the Arduino , you need to make the following connections :
ADNS - 2051 pin Arduino pin 1 SCLK Digital 2 16 SDIO Digital 3 15 PD Digital 4 13 VDD +5V 12 GND GND
All the other pins should have the required circuitry already on board , so they need not be touched .
In my case however I had to wire the LED , too , since it was not directly wired to VCC but switched on by the controller .
This is because it was a wireless mouse build with a chip intended for a corded design , so they had to diverge a bit from the reference design .
I was lucky , the sensor board had a female header which I could use to wire everything , so I did not have to solder anything .
But you probably will .
Ignore the prototype board on top of the Arduino , you can wire everything directly to the Arduino headers .
Ignore the prototype board on top of the Arduino , you can wire everything directly to the Arduino headers .
You can download the Arduino script and the PC program below .
The program is in java and requires the RXTX library to be installed .
You need to get the " RXTX 2.1 for use withOUT Sun's CommAPI ( namespace gnu.io ) " version .
No , as of 2008 java still does not natively support the serial port .
It should work with Linux , Mac OS X and Windows , but I only tested it under Windows .
[ Addendum : RXTX seems to have been discontinued and the website is now a blank page .
I suggest using PureJavaComm instead , it works great and does not require to be installed directly in the JRE .
The project may need to be modified a bit to adapt it to this library . ]
Once RXTX has been installed you can run the jar file simply by double - clicking on it or in the command line like this :
java - jar mousecam.jar
The window will show up .
Simply select the serial port your Arduino board is connected to and click Connect .
The sensor data will be drawn on screen in real time .
You can increase or lower the number of lines to read from the sensor in each run .
The frame dump routines are a bit slow so if you dump a full frame you 'll get only about 5 fps .
If you 're moving the mouse at the same time , there will be severe shearing artifacts and the scan will not look pretty .
In this case , reduce the capture window to 2 or 3 lines .
If you move the mouse while the application runs you can " scan " the surface below it .
As you can see the quality is unmatched .
You need to keep the mouse orientation exactly the same while scanning since there is no way to detect rotations , and this distorts the capture even more .
Here 's how a white sheet of paper , the fabric from my pants and the small print on a 20 euro bill are seen by the sensor :
Alright , what else can we do with this very nice sensor ?
Looking at the datasheet something struck my eye : the sensor is sensitive in a wide range of wavelenghts , from ultraviolet to infrared .
So why not replace the standard red LED by an RGB LED ? :-)
I skip all the gory details , here 's the not so impressive result :
I was attempting to scan a detail of a 20 euro bill .
I 've had several issues with the sensor when switching between diferent colors .
The sensor would be nearly saturated or very dark on the border of the frames .
I solved the problem by adding a 100 ms delay after each color change so that the sensor could adapt .
Another issue is that the sensor seems to use some kind of automatic aperture control , which makes it impossible to balance the colors .
Below is what the same detail looks like with a " real " camera .
We can kinda recognize the blue lines :-)
If you wish to reproduce this amazing result ( who would n't ? ) , you need to do the following :
Remove the red LED and replace it by the RGB LED .
Connect the LED cathode to pin 14 of the ADNS - 2051 ( the LED needs to be common - cathode ) .
Connect the RED anode to Digital pin 5 on the Arduino .
Connect the GREEN anode to Digital pin 6 on the Arduino .
Connect the BLUE anode to Digital pin 7 on the Arduino .
Load this script on the Arduino .
Run this horribly hacked version of the java program above to support colors .
Further information :
OK , enough time wasted on this already ! :-)
Last week one of my fellow students at Johns Hopkins University killed a man .
When you get down to the bare bones of the situation that is the one unquestionable fact .
At one point on the night of September 15 , a burglar broke into the student 's home and made off with a Playstation and a few other possessions .
When the perp returned for round two the student , John Pontolillo , killed him .
If Pontolillo 's weapon of choice had been ordinary , a very different story would have played out .
Had he used a gun or a knife , the Hopkins student body would most likely have acknowledged some of the broader issues at hand that makes this a tragic story : the psychological aftermath , the legal and moral implications , and , most significantly , that someone was stabbed and killed very close to campus .
But Pontolillo did n't use a gun or a knife ; he used a samurai sword , and his weapon of choice made him a celebrity overnight .
Like our counterparts in other schools , JHU students here love attributing nicknames to some of the more eccentric student personalities .
We have Pirate Girl , who dressed as a pirate every Thursday during the 2006 - 07 academic year for reasons no one was ever able to ascertain .
We have Comic Book Guy , a kid who looks and dresses exactly like the famous Simpsons persona .
We have the Jewish Cowboy , which is exactly what it sounds like .
And on September 16 , the Hopkins Samurai entered this illustrious list .
On the morning following the incident , my Facebook news feed was almost completely dominated by references to the samurai sword incident , and the general theme was not one of concern ; it was Wu - Tang and Kill Bill .
And while Facebook status updates are far from a reliable indicator of the student body 's general sentiment , that day I did n't come across an actual conversation about the issue that did n't bear an aspect of humor .
So what really happened ?
The facts delivered by the media , typically , leave several gray areas .
John Pontolillo was robbed and instead of calling the police , he grabbed his sword and waited .
When the burglar came back , he was killed in the backyard .
What was Pontolillo doing in the backyard ?
Was he standing guard ?
Searching the area ?
Did he go outside after seeing the burglar ?
Did the burglar make an attack even though he was unarmed ?
These underlying questions seemed to take a backseat when Hopkins students canonized Pontolillo as a hero , and the shock over a death was muted by Pontolillo 's celebrity status .
But this is not strictly a Hopkins phenomenon .
From a national perspective , celebrities simply are n't real .
Personas like Paris Hilton or Britney Spears are n't actual people ; they 're the culmination of what the media and the general public want them to be .
Over the past few months , when what seems like an unusual number of celebrities have knocked off , the prime example that comes to mind is obviously Michael Jackson .
Jackson lived a troubled life , riddled by psychological confusion and sexual controversy .
He was a tortured individual , but at the time of his death , no one wanted to remember Jackson the man who was subject to all these problems ; people wanted to remember Jacko the icon , the King of Pop .
Like Pontolillo , Jackson was transformed through what the public wanted to see .
This numbness to reality is exemplified by an annual activity in which a friend of mine participates .
Each year , he and a select group of friends and family participate in a " Death Pool . "
It works similarly to fantasy football : the group meets up and drafts celebrities that they think will die in the upcoming year .
Varying points are awarded based on pre-determined criteria regarding likelihood of death .
For example , Ted Kennedy and Patrick Swayze would not have awarded major points this year due to their medical conditions , but Michael Jackson 's unexpected death meant big points .
I originally thought that it was a morbid little game that they invented , but after looking it up I found that there is an actual website that organizes the activity .
The website 's tagline reads :
This is The Home Of The Celebrity Dead Pool .
Stiffsville .
Death Central .
We make fun of famous people and the people who make them famous ( i.e. you ) , and our main instrument of ridicule is our contest , The Lee Atwater Invitational Dead Pool .
The underlying assumption of the Death Pool is that whatever amount of grief that entails the death of a celebrity is paralleled and even overcome by a sense of victory .
In the Death Pool , the celebrity is not our fellow man , but an investment , a lifeless piece of stock .
The people who participate are rooting for people to die to reap the rewards .
I can't imagine a situation where similar criteria could apply to actual human interaction .
But back to Pontolillo .
In truth , he should n't be glorified or condemned .
His story could be one of a student defending himself in a dangerous city just as it could be one of a scared kid who went too far .
We do n't know .
The Baltimore Sun's Barbara Kutco portrayed the story in a racial context because it fit into what she wanted to say .
Hopkins students portrayed the story as a somewhat odd tale of heroism for a similar reason .
Neither depiction is necessarily justified and neither depiction is necessarily true .
It just fits what they want to hear .
Whether you prefer the clean minimalism of Steve Jobs and 37 Signals or the creative chaos of Tina Fey and Pixar , there 's a lot to learn from the workspaces of the well - known .
We present nine such spaces here for inspiration .
Advertisement
Al Gore
Advertisement
If nothing else , former Vice President Al Gore 's office helps anyone who needs that extra little push to convince themselves that , yeah , having three monitors is necessary for important work .
Why noted environmental speaker Gore would go for a paper sketch pad over whiteboards , we can't quite say .
( Original post ) [ via TIME ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
David Allen
As Jason put it in his original post , Getting Things Done originator David Allen is a man who practices what he preaches , especially when it comes to capturing his thoughts and " Oh yeah " moments .
Two of the unique but fitting items on his desk are a label maker and a sand timer .
The producers of the clip note that this was shot hastily , at the end of Allen 's time commitment for an interview , but the essence of his David Allen Co. office comes through .
[ YouTube ]
Advertisement
Bill Gates
Advertisement
He 's since left this space , and his title of chairman and chief software architect at Microsoft , but Gates apparently had a mind for working clean while on the Redmond campus .
These days , Gates is rocking three monitors and OneNote for his work needs , and we'd love to see that home office setup as well .
[ via CNN ]
Advertisement
Steve Ballmer
Advertisement
When the Microsoft CEO looks straight ahead , there 's a single monitor , a ( Microsoft ) mouse and keyboard , a phone , and a little space to eat lunch .
When he looks to the side or reaches for files , it 's a whole shelf and wall full of family and friend pics , along with his children 's creative endeavors .
Easy to forget these folks are human , no ? [ via The New York Times ]
Steve Jobs
Advertisement
Apple 's head honcho had only just begun working on the Macintosh computer and was living the single life when Diana Walker snapped this picture at his apartment .
Easy to see where the focus on minimalist functionality comes from .
The cutline : " I was single .
All you needed was a cup of tea , a light , and your stereo , you know , and that 's what I had . " [ via Diana Walker / The Bigger Picture Gallery ]
37 Signals
Advertisement
Another team of minimalist - minded tech thinkers , they 're the crew behind Basecamp , Campfire , and web coding language Ruby on Rails .
They do n't work in empty white rooms , but there 's definitely an emphasis on keeping the decoration lean and the spaces open .
[ via Signal vs. Noise ]
Martin Amis
Advertisement
The British author shares a picture of his inviting outpost office , in a skylight - topped building off his garden .
He explains why every worker needs a " shed " of some sort : " I used to have the attic in the house and Isabel , my wife , was meant to have this office , but I did n't think she used it enough so I reclaimed it .
It 's ideal - you can't hear the children and you can smoke . " [ via Guardian UK ]
" Dilbert 's Ultimate Cubicle "
Advertisement
Dilbert creator Scott Adams knows about repressive , uncomfortable working conditions , so he set out with the design firm Ideo to try and change things , if only by example .
Garnering feedback from thousands of Dilbert fans , Adams and Ideo designed " Dilbert 's Ultimate Cubicle , " a modular framework that changes the orientation of a light source to match the time of day , allows for snap - in hammocks and adjustable seat / computer / desk configurations , and even offers up hamster wheels and aquarium modules , if one wants to commune with similarly trapped creatures .
Dilbert does n't actually work here , but if he could let his mind go free , he probably would .
[ via Ideo ]
Tina Fey
Advertisement
It was shot for an American Express ad , so the seriously cluttered look ( " Too busy to use any other card ! " , the thinking might have gone ) might be a bit exaggerated .
But we tend to believe that the 30 Rock writer / producer does organize her days and ideas with Post - It Notes — check out the oddly organized grid on her corkboard , and semi-organized notes on the wall further back .
A messy mind , perhaps , but then again , she writes a show with about a half - dozen plot lines going at once .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Pixar
Advertisement
If it was n't rewarding enough to work at what most critics would say is the most dependably creative and rewarding film studio operating today , the Pixar team gets some serious free rein in how they work .
Past project memorabilia is ever - present , creative lighting is the norm , dorms have been turned into tiny 1950 's - style houses , and there 's lots and lots of wide - open space around the campus .
In case they get too distanced from what really earns their paychecks , though , the server racks are right around the corner for a quick reminder .
[ via Office Snapshots ]
Got a pic or profile of a famous workspace to share ?
Link and discuss in the comments .
Can Iceland and Latvia pay the foreign debts run up by a fairly narrow layer of their population ?
The European Union and International Monetary Fund have told them to replace private debts with public obligations , and to pay by raising taxes , slashing public spending and obliging citizens to deplete their savings .
Resentment is growing not only towards those who ran up the debts – Iceland 's bankrupt Kaupthing and Landsbanki , with its Icesave accounts , and heavily geared property owners in the Baltics and central Europe – but also towards the foreign advisers and creditors who put pressure on these governments to sell off the banks and public companies to insiders .
Support in Iceland for joining the EU has fallen to just over a third of the population , while Latvia 's Harmony Centre party , the first since independence to include a large segment of the Russian - speaking population , has gained a majority in Riga and is becoming the most popular national party .
Popular protests in both countries have triggered rising political pressure to limit the debt burden to a reasonable ability to pay .
This political pressure came to a head over the weekend in Reykjavik 's parliament .
The Althing agreed a deal , expected to be formalised on Monday , which would severely restrict payments to the UK and Netherlands in compensation for the cost of bailing out their Icesave depositors .
This agreement is , so far as I am aware , the first since the 1920s to subordinate foreign debt to the country 's ability to pay .
Iceland 's payments will be limited to 6 per cent of growth above 2008 's gross domestic product .
If creditors thrust austerity on the Icelandic economy there will be no growth and they will not get paid .
A similar problem was debated 80 years ago over Germany 's first world war reparations .
But many policymakers remain confused over the distinction between squeezing out a domestic fiscal surplus and the ability to pay foreign debts .
No matter how much a government may tax its economy , there is a problem turning the money into foreign currency .
As John Maynard Keynes explained , unless debtor countries can export more , they must pay either by borrowing or by selling off domestic assets .
Iceland today has rejected these self - destructive policies .
There is a limit to how much foreign payment an economy can make .
Higher domestic taxes do not mean a government can translate this revenue into foreign exchange .
This reality is reflected in Iceland 's position on its Icesave debt – estimated to amount to half its entire GDP .
In taking this stand , Iceland promises to lead the pendulum swing away from the ideology that debt repayments are sacred .
In the post - Soviet economies the problem is that independence in 1991 did not bring the hoped - for western living standards .
Like Iceland , they remain dependent on imports .
Their trade deficits have been financed by the global property bubble – borrowing in foreign currency against property that was free of debt at independence .
Now the bubble has burst and it is payback time .
No more credit is flowing to the Baltics from Swedish banks , to Hungary from Austrian banks or to Iceland from Britain and the Netherlands .
Unemployment is rising and governments are slashing healthcare and education budgets .
The resulting economic shrinkage is leaving large swathes of property in negative equity .
Austerity programmes were common in developing countries from the 1970s to the 1990s , but European democracies have little tolerance for such an approach .
As matters stand , families are losing their homes and emigration is accelerating .
This is not what capitalism promised .
Populations are asking not only whether debts should be paid , but – as in Iceland – whether they can be paid .
If they cannot be , then trying to pay will only shrink economies further , stopping them becoming viable .
Will Britain and the Netherlands accept Iceland 's condition ?
Trying to squeeze out more debt service than a country could pay requires an oppressive and extractive fiscal and financial regime , Keynes warned , which in turn would inspire a nationalistic political reaction to break free of creditor - nation demands .
This is what happened in the 1920s when Germany 's economy was wrecked by the rigid ideology of the sanctity of debt .
A pragmatic economic principle is at work : a debt that cannot be paid , will not be .
What remains an open question is just how these debts will not be paid .
Will many be written off ?
Or will Iceland , Latvia and other debtors be plunged into austerity in an attempt to squeeze out an economic surplus to avoid default ?
The latter option may drive debt - laden countries in a new direction .
Eva Joly , the French prosecutor brought in to sort out Iceland 's banking crisis , warned this month that Iceland would have little left but its natural resources and strategic position : " Russia , for example , might well find it attractive . "
The post -Soviet countries are already seeing voters shift away from Europe in reaction to the destructive policies the EU supported .
Something has to give .
Will rigid ideology give way to economic reality , or the other way round ?
The writer is professor of economics at the University of Missouri
The aftershocks of the interrogation policy continue .
President Obama ’s recent decision to release Bush administration legal memorandums on interrogation and to fend off calls for a broad investigation has only fueled debate over the efficacy , legality and morality of what was done .
Just last week , bloggers seized upon a new video clip of Condoleezza Rice , a former secretary of state , sharply defending the program to a Stanford undergraduate and saying nothing about the bitter internal arguments that accompanied the demise of the program .
Most news accounts of the C.I.A. program have focused on how it was approved and operated .
This is the story of its unraveling , based on interviews with more than a dozen former Bush administration officials .
They insisted on anonymity because they feared being enmeshed in future investigations or public controversy , but they shed new light on the battle about the C.I.A. methods that grew passionate in Mr. Bush ’s second term .
The consensus of top administration officials about the C.I.A. interrogation program , which they had approved without debate or dissent in 2002 , began to fall apart the next year .
Acutely aware that the agency would be blamed if the policies lost political support , nervous C.I.A. officials began to curb its practices much earlier than most Americans know : no one was waterboarded after March 2003 , and coercive interrogation methods were shelved altogether in 2005 .
Yet even as interrogation methods were scaled back , former officials now say , the battle inside the Bush administration over which ones should be permitted only grew hotter .
There would be a tense phone call over the program ’s future during the 2005 Christmas holidays from Stephen J. Hadley , the national security adviser , to Porter J. Goss , the C.I.A. director ; a White House showdown the next year between Ms. Rice and Vice President Dick Cheney ; and Ms. Rice ’s refusal in 2007 to endorse the executive order with which Mr. Bush sought to revive the C.I.A. program .
Just when you think there are no good jokes about Williamsburg left , a patriotic actress strips on the L train for art 's sake , making a story for New York 's foremost vagina journalist , and all is well again .
[ Beware ! NSFW art ! ]
A photographer named Zach Hyman likes to take nude photos of ladies in public , for art , and that 's just what he did on the L train last month , causing a conniption amongst some of the more delicately constituted passengers , but this is what you come to New York for so just go back to Ohio why do n't you ?
Also this is the L train .
Take note .
" People see a naked woman and they smile , " [ Zach ] said .
" They see a penis and they freak out . "
Lo , that we may live to see the day when New Yorkers are free to flash peen on the subway at any time without uptight losers " freaking out ! "
This story brought to you , as always , by the NYP 's Justin Rocket Silverman , vigilantly covering the vagina beat .
With his hands , if necessary .
[ Pic : Chair and the Maiden ]
Wow .
Words ca n’t describe how cool this is ( especially given his process ) !
Jeremy Mayer has mastered the disassembling and reassembling of old typewriters into anatomical figures , both human and animal .
The figures fit together seamlessly in an intricate , delicate , and yet also robust way .
It seems like typewriters are the perfect …
Read More » Anatomical Typewriter Sculptures by Jeremy Mayer
John Hospers was Chair of the philosophy department at USC when in 1972 the Libertarian Party chose him to be its first presidential nominee .
He has added to his site ’s collection of articles a review of The Conscience of a Libertarian , the new book by 2008 LP vice - presidential nominee Wayne Root .
Excerpts :
My book , LIBERTARIANISM was first published in 1971 .
Its subtitle , ‘ A Political Philosophy for Tomorrow ’ has at long last come true today .
I hope it ’s not too late .
The pragmatic reality is in Wayne Allyn Root ’s brilliant new volume : THE CONSCIENCE OF A LIBERTARIAN – a title I might add , that was obviously carefully considered and borrowed in the “ classic liberal ” sense – that is , it was returned with dividends of thought and deserved tribute to The Conscience of a Conservative author , politician – Barry Goldwater .
The similarities between Root and Goldwater become increasingly apparent ; both strongly believe in individual freedom , both recognize the United States as a republic and firmly support States ’
Rights and a federal government with limited powers as unmistakably defined by the United States Constitution ; both are conservative , agree an oversize federal government dooms America .
Yet both are centrist libertarians when addressing topics concerning personal choices and social issues such as abortion , gays in the military and the legalization of medical marijuana .
Above all , both Root , the Libertarian Party ’s 2008 Vice - Presidential nominee and Senator Barry Goldwater , the 1964 United States Presidential Candidate of the Republican Party – are blunt , outspoken , straight - talking politicians who do not see ‘ liberty and justice for all ’ being compatible or existing for long with federal government spending - gone - wild – and , like Goldwater , Root is bold , passionate , unafraid to speak clear and often about what he believes . [… ]
Written in Four Parts ,
Root ’s work is a must - read guaranteed to rivet all who cherish their freedom and seek to protect their lives and loved ones from the dictates of a monstrously oppressive federal government looking to control its citizens from pre-crib to post - crypt , from now and for generations to come . [… ]
Root has solutions .
To me , he ’s the only candidate who ’s articulate , powerful in presentation , and RIGHT .
He presents his views with vigor and clarity on every occasion .
He comes across great because he speaks truth from the heart , of America , to America , for America .
There ’s time : ROOT FOR AMERICA .
Bring in 2010 and 2012 : THROW OUT THE BUMS , AND CRIMINALS !
This thesis by Scott Anderson was completed as an independent research project for the Honors in Music History and Literature program at Gustavus Adolphus College , St. Peter , Minnesota , Spring 1996 .
It was presented at the Tenth National Conference on Undergraduate Research , April 1996 , University of North Carolina — Asheville and at the Pi Kappa Lambda Spring Banquet , May 1996 , Gustavus Adolphus College .
Introduction
“ I ’ve found you ’ve got to look back at the old things and see them in a new light . ”
— John Coltrane , 1960 , Down Beat magazine
In the 1960s , many jazz musicians , such as Ornette Coleman , Sun Ra , Charles Mingus , and Eric Dolphy , expanded the parameters of their music with respect to form , melody , harmony , rhythm , and texture .
They broke down traditional techniques and incorporated previously unheard scales , harmonic progressions , and compositional structures .
They also brought improvisation to new levels of intensity and complexity , taking greater liberties with respect to the duration , content , and structure of solos , and delving into an unprecedented amount of group improvisation .
The resulting music was given many names : free jazz , avant garde , the “ new thing . ”
As the decade ended , however , this style of jazz was largely abandoned in favor of more “ psychedelic ” electronic sounds and jazz - rock fusion .
Today , many people of a younger generation , musicians and non-musicians alike , are looking for what Michael Bruce McDonald calls “ an experience of the sacred ” ( 275 ) .
In this search they are rediscovering avant garde jazz for the numinous properties with which it was often consciously imbued by its greatest purveyors , notably Sun Ra ( who claimed to hail from the planet Saturn and sought to produce music that corroborated his claim ) and John Coltrane ( whose fascination with “ outer space ” themes manifested itself more in mystical and spiritual explorations than in science - fiction fantasies ) .
Interestingly , one of Coltrane ’s favorite vehicles for his combos ’ sonic explorations was the Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II tune “ My Favorite Things ” from the musical The Sound of Music .
Coltrane first recorded this piece in 1960 in an innovative interpretation that already sounded radically different from the original , catching Coltrane in the formative stages of his new , modally - based , “ avant garde ” sound .
In the ensuing seven years , until his death in 1967 , Coltrane made “ My Favorite Things ” a regular part of his concert repertoire .
At least eighteen of these performances have been released on recording ( Cole 228-248 ) .
The preponderance of recordings of this single piece , spanning the full development of Coltrane ’s work in the avant garde , makes it uniquely suited to careful comparison and analysis , a useful tool for the examination of his stylistic development .
This project will use “ My Favorite Things ” as just such a tool .
Following an introductory exploration of both Coltrane ’s musical career prior to 1960 and the “ standard ” form of “ My Favorite Things , ” the paper will compare and contrast four of Coltrane ’s recordings of the piece : his 1960 studio recording , a more extended performance at the 1963 Newport Jazz Festival , the last recording of the piece by his “ classic quartet ” at the 1965 Newport Jazz Festival , and a radically evolved 57 - minute performance from 1966 in Tokyo by his new quintet .
These examinations will reveal the evolution of both Coltrane ’s own playing and the dynamics of his group ’s interplay .
They will also reflect the influence of African , Indian , and Western art music upon Coltrane and the modal and free styles of jazz in the 1960s .
Finally , a discussion of the motivations behind Coltrane ’s musical “ quest ” ( as characterized by Eric Nisenson ) will further illuminate his stylistic development .
John Coltrane before “ My Favorite Things ”
John William Coltrane was born on 23 September 1926 in Hamlet , North Carolina .
Both of his parents were musicians : his mother was a church pianist and his father played violin ( Hardy and Laing 161 ) .
Both of his grandfathers were ordained ministers in the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church .
From the very earliest moments of his life , Coltrane was exposed to music both in his home and in the participatory religious experience of the southern African - American church .
The significant presence of religion in Coltrane ’s childhood foreshadowed the turn his career would take in the 1960s , when , for both Coltrane himself and for listeners who accepted his new direction , the music became more than just music ; it was a religious experience — a means of attaining mystical transcendence .
Norman C. Weinstein , in A Night in Tunisia : Imaginings of Africa in Jazz ( 61 ) , notes the parallel between the southern African - American church and Coltrane ’s music .
This parallel is vividly revealed in Robert Palmer ’s video The World According to John Coltrane , which mingles films of members of these churches entering trance - like states with excerpts of similarly hypnotic performances by Coltrane ’s mid-1960s quartet .
Most striking are the saxophone ’s close mimicking of the wailing of human voices in the church and the correlation between the religious trances in the church and Coltrane ’s own self - induced musical hypnosis .
Coltrane , in his manners and actions , seems detached from his surroundings and “ transported ” to a different world , much like the participants in the church ritual .
Likewise , in listening to a performance of such intensity and duration , audience members may become similarly entranced .
Eric Nisenson , in a personal recollection of a Coltrane performance , explains :
It was probably no more than a single hour , but time seemed to stop or at least become irrelevant ; I could sense that the rest of the audience , too , was in the grip of this astonishing performance … .
Here was a performance where once could no longer objectively judge aesthetics ; the feelings it engendered were closer to the awe one felt for a volcano or a mind - boggling religious revelation .
( xvii )
The role of religion in Coltrane ’s musical vision will be discussed at greater length later in this paper .
Coltrane ’s musical career prior to 1957 is well - documented in numerous biographies , especially Coltrane by C. O. Simpkins and Bill Cole ’s John Coltrane .
These resources detail Coltrane ’s early career , a discussion of which is superfluous in this context .
However , a critical turning point occurred in 1957 when Coltrane , a well - respected but as - yet unheralded 30 - year - old saxophonist underwent a profound personal religious transformation inspired by his introduction to the beliefs and discipline of Islam by his first wife , Naima ( Budds 136 ) .
This experience led Coltrane into a temporary retirement during which he overcame his addictions to alcohol and heroin and practiced fervently .
Refreshed and sober , with greater virtuosity , and inspired by his religious awakening , Coltrane returned to the jazz world in late 1957 and produced much of his greatest work .
In addition to ceaseless performance and recording , Coltrane began a personal search via the religions of the world , especially those of Africa and India , for what Michael Budds describes as “ a universal concept unifying all faiths ” ( 136 ) .
As he explains in the liner notes to his 1965 album Meditations , Coltrane sought “ to uplift people , as much as I can .
To inspire them to realize more and more of their capacities for living meaningful lives .
Because there certainly is meaning to life . ”
Coltrane ’s spiritual growth and his quest to express that growth through his music led to the rapid evolution of his music through the 1960s , as will be traced in this paper .
“ My Favorite Things ” before John Coltrane
Because of its scope , this project cannot explore in great detail any aspects of “ My Favorite Things ” other than the evolution of the Coltrane quartet ’s interpretation of the piece .
Nonetheless , some background will be beneficial as a point of departure in examining this evolution .
The Sound of Music was arguably Rodgers and Hammerstein ’s most popular musical ( Hardy 680 ) .
It opened on Broadway in 1959 and was made into a well - known film starring Julie Andrews in 1965 .
The Sound of Music produced several extremely well - known songs , including “ Do - Re - Mi , ” “ Edelweiss , ” “ The Sound of Music , ” and “ My Favorite Things . ”
“ My Favorite Things ” is a relaxed , yet lilting waltz in e minor .
Its “ standard ” structure , transcribed by Jamey Aebersold ( 8 ) and shown in Figure 1 , is based on a 40 - bar bipartite form .
The first part of this form is a 16 - bar A section which is repeated once , and then performed a third time with a somewhat altered chord progression .
Next , a 24 - bar B section concludes the form .
With a vamp used at the beginning and end as both an introduction and a coda ( shown only at the end in the figure below ) , the overall form is as follows : Introduction – A – A – A’ – B – Coda .
“ My Favorite Things ” : Coltrane ’s interpretation
As transcribed by Andrew White ( 10 ) and shown in Figure 2 , the structure which Coltrane uses as a basis for his performances of “ My Favorite Things ” contains several notable divergences from the standard form : its chord progression is significantly altered ; the overall structure of the form is different , both incorporating new materials and using material from the original form in new ways ; and the tempo is brisker and “ bouncier , ” justifying White ’s notation of the time signature as 6/8 rather than 3/4 .
An understanding of the differences in Coltrane ’s interpretation from the standard form will be beneficial for later explanations of Coltrane ’s handling of thematic and structural material in the various performances examined in this paper .
Coltrane ’s version is in 6/8 , halving the number of measures of the standard form .
Despite this , the measure groupings still do not match ; Coltrane ’s verse form , instead of being eight bars long , is ten bars long , with a two - measure turnaround added at the end .
The e-minor vamp measure that follows it ( referred to in this paper as the Interlude ) may be used in several ways : as an introduction , a short pause between verses , or an extensive improvisational passage , often several minutes long .
Its e-minor tonality is stretched via modal alterations in McCoy Tyner ’s piano harmonies .
Counting the next repeated measure as two , the ten - bar section in E major ( labeled for the purpose of this paper as the Bridge ) is a significant modification of the A ’ of the standard form .
The original melody is abandoned ; the section instead is used for further improvisation .
It may be lengthened , often to several minutes , by vamping the first measure and extending its harmonies modally .
The remaining nine measures may be used as a lead - in for the return of the A section , though A also may return without formal preparation .
Finally , Coltrane ’s form concludes with a harmonically modified version of the original B section of the piece .
However , while the B section was originally used as a regular part of the repeated form , Coltrane consistently plays it only at the conclusion of a performance , as a Coda rather than a section of the form .
The overall structure of Coltrane ’s performances of “ My Favorite Things ” may vary greatly .
An introductory riff is often used and may be followed either by an extended introduction based on the Interlude or by the A section directly .
The main body of the piece consists of extended solos on the Interlude and Bridge , spaced by several returns at indistinct intervals to A in order to keep the piece from drifting too far off course .
The approaching conclusion is signaled by the appearance of the B ( Coda ) section .
This is followed by a free , cadenza - like section to end the piece .
Analyses of four Coltrane performances of “ My Favorite Things ”
I. 21 October 1960 , Atlantic Studios , New York , NY
This was Coltrane ’s first recorded performance of “ My Favorite Things ” and his only studio recording of it .
It was made during a time of transition for Coltrane .
While under contract with Atlantic Records ( 1959 - 1961 ) , he underwent his “ sheets of sound ” phase , documented most extensively on his 1959 album Giant Steps .
Within a year , when the recording of “ My Favorite Things ” was made , the influence of Miles Davis ’ modal explorations ( of which Coltrane was a part , chiefly on the Kind of Blue album ) was clearly audible in Coltrane ’s style ( World ) .
Coltrane ’s combo personnel was also in flux at this time .
While Giant Steps had enlisted the services of several different musicians , My Favorite Things was recorded by a single quartet : Coltrane on saxophones , McCoy Tyner on piano , Steve Davis on bass , and Elvin Jones on drums .
With the arrival of Jimmy Garrison as Davis ’ permanent replacement on bass a year later , Coltrane ’s “ classic quartet ” was established .
Often this quartet would be supplemented by alto - saxophonist / bass - clarinetist / flutist Eric Dolphy , and occasionally substitutes would sit in for Garrison or Jones ( usually Reggie Workman and Roy Haynes , respectively ) , but generally , this combo remained intact from 1960 until its demise in late 1965 .
This quartet is renowned for its precision and sensitive , dynamic group interaction .
In fact , as Mark Gridley notes , “ The Coltrane quartet was one of the most important groups in jazz history , and some historians consider it to have been the most influential of all jazz combos ” ( 257 ) .
Already in this early session from 1960 , the group ’s dynamics are apparent , especially in the interaction between Coltrane and Jones .
Later works by the group included extended drum - and - saxophone duet passages which would eventually inspire an entire album of such duets ( Interstellar Space ) recorded in early 1967 by Coltrane with Jones ’ replacement , Rashied Ali .
McCoy Tyner ’s role in both prodding Coltrane ’s impressive solos and shaping the Coltrane Quartet ’s sound was also pivotal .
As Gridley states :
His was one of the most easily recognizable styles in all of jazz , and he was a prime force in jazz piano of the 1960s and 1970s ….
Tyner ’s extensive use of chords voiced in fourths was widely adopted .
His extremely percussive , ringing style of comping became a model for pianists … .
His fast solo lines also inspired numerous pianists , though few could match his imagination … .
His originality and influence were so extensive that he even affected well - established pianists .
( 260 )
Table 1 shows a time - based , descriptive analysis of the October 1960 Coltrane recording of “ My Favorite Things . ”
Table 1
Date and Location : 21 October 1960 , Atlantic Studios , New York , NY
Personnel : John Coltrane ( soprano sax ) , McCoy Tyner ( piano ) , Steve Davis ( bass ) , Elvin Jones ( drums )
CD Information : My Favorite
Things , Atlantic 1361 - 2 , track 1 , timing 13:41
Timing Description 0:00 Introduction .
Rhythm section plays an opening riff .
0:09 6/8 time feel is established .
0:18 A ( e minor ) .
Coltrane plays melody , accompanied by a piano ostinato pattern and an E pedal tone in the bass , which establishes the rhythm section ’s feel throughout the piece .
0:35 Interlude ( e minor ) .
Later appearances of the Interlude may be extended greatly .
0:44 A. Second statement of the melody by Coltrane , slightly embellished .
1:01 Bridge ( E major ) .
First statement of the bridge , by Coltrane .
1:27 A. Further embellishment of theme .
1:44 A. Chord pattern remains consistent while Coltrane improvises modally .
2:01 Interlude .
Coltrane solos .
2:18 A . Tyner plays melody , Coltrane lays out .
2:35 Interlude .
Tyner continues , with the Interlude serving as a basis for modal harmonization 3:09 A .
Tyner returns to basic structure of melody .
3:25 Bridge .
Tyner continues solo .
5:56 Tyner moves into A section , first improvising , then gravitating to the melody .
6:13 Bridge .
Tyner continues , with great repetition of harmonic motives .
6:45 A . Tyner returns close to original melody .
7:02 Interlude .
Coltrane returns .
7:10 A. Coltrane restatement of melody .
7:27 Interlude .
Coltrane solos on rapid , cascading modal scale patterns .
9:43 A. Coltrane plays .
10:00 Bridge .
Coltrane solos , using raga - like scalar runs and polyphonic style .
12:16 A. Coltrane plays with further slight embellishments .
12:33 B/ Coda ( e minor ) .
Coltrane plays melody .
13:22 “ Free ” cadenza - like closing section .
The form here is notable , as mentioned earlier , because of the extended improvisations upon the Interlude and Bridge sections , returning to a relatively unembellished A section ( recognizable as the main theme ) as necessary in order to retain the “ feel ” of the piece .
In total , the A section is performed eleven times , spaced by the Interlude and Bridge sections , in which the majority of improvisation takes place .
These sections contain little structured harmonic activity and rely instead upon modal exploration of a single chord or a simple , alternating chord pattern .
They last anywhere from nine seconds to as much as two minutes and 31 seconds .
Coltrane and Tyner each take extended solos , as will become their standard practice in later performances of this work , and each extends the harmonic structure not through altered chords , but rather through extensions revealed as part of the practice of modal improvisation .
These extensions are restrained on this first recording , never venturing very far from the original ; still they do hint at a desire to drift freely into unexplored musical areas .
Coltrane ’s solo is distinguished by rapid , cascading runs in scalar patterns ( as shown in Figure 3 ) , almost like an Indian raga — most likely the influence of his friend , Indian sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar ( World ) .
A raga is similar to a mode or scale in Western music , though it is more complex , involving repeated or out - of - sequence notes .
Different ragas are associated with different themes and moods .
In performance , the raga is used as a basis for improvisation , which often evolves into a flurry of notes and conveys a great emotional or psychological impact ( Reck 232 , 255-263 ) .
Coltrane also reflects the influence of Indian music in his use of E and B — tonic and dominant — as pedal points , creating a tonic - dominant drone effect similar to that used in Indian classical music as background support for the melodic movement of the solo instrument ( Reck 231 ) .
Additionally , Coltrane ’s use of pedal tones often creates a sort of polyphony ( demonstrated in Figure 4 ) reminiscent of Bach ’s solo partitas and suites for violin or cello , wherein distinctly different melodic lines , or melody with accompaniment , can be heard simultaneously through well - placed interval leaps .
( See J. S. Bach , Minuet II from Suite No. 1 in G major for Violoncello Solo [ Burkhart 99 ] . )
II . 7 July 1963 , Newport Jazz Festival , Newport , RI
By the time of this recording , Coltrane had firmly established his modal style ; however , his music had yet to reach the level of experimentation that would begin to alienate his audience within two years .
Perhaps the changes in his personal style are best reflected in his lengthy , cadenza - like unaccompanied solo on “ I Want to Talk About You , ” another piece from this 1963 festival concert and the first track on the compact disc Newport ’ 63 .
As demonstrated here , Coltrane could play for great lengths of time , improvising long passages of up - and - down scalar runs , a vestige of his “ sheets of sound ” phase transferred from the harmonic progressions of that era to the modal structures of his current period .
He developed this style in part through the influence of saxophonist John Gilmore , who worked frequently with Sun Ra.
Gilmore ’s improvisational technique included “ repeating the same rhythm with different pitches , changing the notes without changing the rhythm … placing the same rhythm at different spots in the measure , or… inverting a phrase ” ( Gridley 256 ) .
At this time , Coltrane also practiced frequently from Nicolas Slonimsky ’s Thesaurus of Scales and Melodic Patterns ( New York : Coleman - Ross , 1947 ) , a book of nearly 1000 scales described by its author as a “ reference book for composers in search of new materials ” ( Budds 50 ) .
The result of these influences upon Coltrane ’s already evolving modal style was to solidify his improvisational tools .
His “ sheets of sound ” improvisations ( as demonstrated on the title track of the Giant Steps album ) often involved racing to keep up with a rapid succession of chord progressions , resulting in solos composed of little more than arpeggiated chords .
Coltrane now faced only simple changes or static modal forms , and he approached them with a much more sophisticated and logical system of scale patterns and tone substitutions , which allowed for an almost endless array of possible solo lines .
Table 2 shows an analysis of Coltrane ’s 1963 Newport recording of “ My Favorite Things . ”
Table 2
Date and Location : 7 July 1963 , Newport Jazz Festival , Newport , RI
Personnel : John Coltrane ( soprano sax ) , McCoy Tyner ( piano ) , Jimmy Garrison ( bass ) , Roy Haynes ( drums )
CD Information : Newport ’ 63 , Impulse !
GRD - 128 , track 2 , timing 17:24
Timing Description 0:00 New Coltrane intro on soprano .
0:11 Extended intro on Interlude , Coltrane solos modally .
0:57 A. Coltrane plays melody .
1:13 Interlude .
1:28 A. Coltrane plays .
1:43 Bridge .
Coltrane solos more angularly than original version .
2:28 A. Coltrane plays .
2:44 A repeated , trails into solo .
2:59 Interlude .
Coltrane plays , quoting segments of his 1960 solo at this section .
3:14 A . Tyner plays melody , using alternate changes from first recording .
3:29 Interlude .
Tyner solos .
Incessant piano chording sounds almost like a second player under right hand piano solo .
Haynes plays accompanimental counter - rhythms .
Garrison ’s playing is much more forceful and less static than Davis ’ .
5:50 A . Tyner plays .
Group polyrhythms are more apparent than on earlier recordings .
6:05 Bridge .
Tyner solos .
Around 6:50
Tyner ’s use of pedals / polyphony is similar to Coltrane ’s .
7:25 A progression in Tyner style .
7:40 Tyner continues on Interlude .
This segment is more harmonically “ far out . ” 9:15 A . Tyner plays .
9:25 Coltrane returns for second half of A section .
9:30 Interlude .
Coltrane solos with extensive use of trills .
9:44 A. Coltrane plays .
10:00 Interlude .
Coltrane solos with angular , large interval leaps and occasionally wailing tone .
Great use of repetitive rapid scalar figures .
12:44 A. Coltrane plays .
12:59 Bridge .
Coltrane solos with effervescent tremolos .
~ 14:00 Tyner adds some new harmonic flavor to accompaniment .
Haynes ’ busy drumming is energetic but seems less focused into group sound than Jones ’ .
15:50 A. Coltrane plays .
Coltrane ’s sweeping scales at the end are longer and more intense than in the 1960 recording .
16:06 B/ Coda .
Similar to earlier recordings , but with more trills and longer than before .
16:52 Free ending , Haynes extends duration of free closing section .
In addition to more extensive solo sections , this performance displays Coltrane ’s advancement in improvisational construction and mode - based chord substitution in the harmonic structure of his solo lines .
While his solos are more harmonically complex and variable than they were in the 1960 recording , they are still far more restricted and logically - based than they would be in the future , reflecting as they do the recent influence of Slonimsky ’s scale book .
The use of non-traditional saxophone sounds is almost nonexistent on this recording .
The A section occurs eleven times in this recording , and solos again last no more than two to three minutes .
In fact , there is little in this recording that appears strikingly different than the 1960 recording .
Aside from some minor melodic embellishments and slightly more colorful chord choices by Tyner and Coltrane , there is little in this recording to suggest the direction Coltrane ’s quartet would soon take .
The appearance of Roy Haynes on this recording as a substitute for Elvin Jones is due to Jones ’ struggle with drug addiction .
According to Francis Davis ’ liner notes to the album , at the time of the performance Jones was undergoing mandatory rehabilitation ( 5 ) .
As suggested in the analysis in Table 2 , Haynes ’ style presents a notable contrast to that of Jones , but lengthy discussion of these differences is not especially pertinent in this context due to Haynes ’ status as a temporary member of the group .
III .
2 July 1965 , Newport Jazz Festival , Newport , RI
Much had happened to Coltrane ’s style in the time between his first recording of “ My Favorite Things ” and this , the final recorded performance of the piece by the “ classic ” Coltrane Quartet .
Significant changes had occurred even since the 1963 Newport Jazz Festival performance .
Coltrane experienced a year of great transition in 1965 : beginning with A Love Supreme , recorded in December 1964 and generally regarded as his greatest work ( Wynn 169 ) , and ending with Meditations , a similarly conceptualized but radically freer work , Coltrane accelerated his advance into the jazz avant garde .
In the context of this rapid movement into free forms , Coltrane ’s classic quartet performed for the last time at the Newport Jazz Festival ( though his new group would play there again the following year ) .
Amidst his ground - breaking new works like “ Ascension ” and “ Om , ” which were lengthy , free - form , often dissonant improvisational excursions , “ My Favorite Things ” seems oddly placed .
Indeed , this performance is reminiscent of the Coltrane of old .
Nonetheless , the elements of change in his style are evident .
In fact , they are made even more striking than in other works from this time period in that the melody of “ My Favorite Things ” arises relatively unfettered at almost unpredictable intervals from the relentless barrage of group improvisation .
The form of this performance is outlined in Table 3 below .
Table 3
Date and Location : 2 July 1965 , Newport Jazz Festival , Newport , RI
Personnel : John Coltrane ( soprano sax ) , McCoy Tyner ( piano ) , Jimmy Garrison ( bass ) , Elvin Jones ( drums )
CD Information : New Thing at Newport , Impulse !
GRD - 105 , track 3 , timing 14:44
Timing Description 0:00 Introduction 0:08 Interlude .
Coltrane enters .
0:24 A. Coltrane plays melody .
0:40 Interlude .
Coltrane rapidly begins trills and scalar flurries .
0:55 A. Coltrane plays .
1:12 Bridge .
Coltrane solos , using “ false tones ” and squeaks , and playing gradually descending tremolos and angular melodies .
2:16 A. Coltrane plays .
2:33 A repeated with trills and rapid scalar runs ornamenting the melody .
2:50 Coltrane solos ;
Tyner breaks free from original harmonic structures .
3:07 Abrupt return to A section with Tyner playing melody .
3:24 Interlude .
Tyner solos ; greater extension of harmonic structure and more group freedom .
Garrison ’s bass is melodic throughout solo ; Jones is somewhat reserved .
Tyner plays fast rolling melodies with his usual left hand rhythms , but harmonically freer .
5:20 Brief movement into foreign harmony which is reflected throughout the rest of the solo .
Tyner alternates frequently between more relaxed harmonies of earlier versions and more agitated , freer harmonies .
7:27 A . Tyner plays .
This return is preceded by gradual decrescendo and harmonic simplification .
7:40 Coltrane returns on last line of melody .
7:45 Coltrane solos on Interlude with extended harmony ( multiple modes ) and crashing crescendi .
8:04 Abrupt return to A with Coltrane playing melody .
8:22 Interlude .
Coltrane returns to frenzied exploration .
Coltrane ’s use of high , scratchy - sounding tones is reminiscent of human wails and moans ; solo becomes increasingly disjunct melodically but never lightens rhythmically .
10:02 A. Played by Coltrane .
10:20 Bridge .
Clearly major , but Jones and Coltrane battle furiously above Tyner ’s more settled piano .
~ 11:30 Traces of Coltrane ’s original bridge melody can be heard through greater free playing .
The group gradually builds up again in intensity , particularly Jones .
~ 12:20 Coltrane ’s use of vibrato is greater than earlier years .
12:37 A. Coltrane plays .
This return is signaled by long pickup note .
12:55 B/Coda .
Rolling and rumbling drums , calm piano , Coltrane relaxes .
13:52 Free conclusion similar to previous recordings , but Coltrane extends cadenza more than before .
The basic concept behind the form Coltrane uses in this recording is not drastically different from his first .
The differences that do exist lie in the extension of free exploration of modes , rhythms , and aural qualities .
In this version , the A section occurs nine times and still plays its anchor role , but less convincingly ; the free explorations push further and recurrences of the A material become slightly less common .
When A does appear , it does so abruptly .
It may be partially masked , only becoming apparent in the middle , or it may more often rise unexpectedly from amidst a torrent of sound , and , upon its conclusion , lead instantaneously back into dizzying group explorations .
This happens most notably at 8:04 in this recording , where Coltrane ’s solo suddenly ends and Tyner immediately picks up with the A section .
Once again , the greatest change that has taken place lies in the content of improvised sections rather than in radical formal alterations .
Coltrane and Tyner use many of the same tools they had in the past —
Tyner relying upon his chiming right hand melodies and large block chords based in fourths and Coltrane playing blindingly fast passages of odd - metered , scalar runs in various modes — but now they both use these tools much more extensively , more brazenly , and in a much more sophisticated and complex manner .
Coltrane has shaken the mechanical limitations of his work with the Slonimsky scales in favor of freer movement , mindful of Slonimsky but not bound to it .
Also , his use of non-traditional saxophone sounds , including multiphonics and altissimo , is greatly increased .
Tyner ’s harmonic evolution parallels that of Coltrane .
Although his approach to improvisation is essentially unchanged , the harmonic palette he applies to his solos is far broader , utilizing greater flexibility in chord substitutions .
IV . 22 July 1966 , Sankei Hall , Tokyo , Japan
This recording is radically different from the earlier Coltrane recordings of “ My Favorite Things ” discussed herein .
By this time Coltrane ’s personnel had fully shifted : McCoy Tyner was replaced by Coltrane ’s wife Alice , Elvin Jones was replaced by Rashied Ali , and Pharoah Sanders was added as a second saxophonist .
Jimmy Garrison was the only member of the “ classic ” quartet to remain in Coltrane ’s new ensemble .
A decisive change in style was inevitable .
While Alice Coltrane was admittedly influenced by Tyner ( as were most jazz pianists at the time ) in her use of fourth - based chords , she played with a lighter , smoother touch than did Tyner ; she also selected notes mainly for tone color , rather than any particular harmonic function .
Her playing here and throughout her work with Coltrane was marked by light , rolling melodic lines that stretch over extended periods and by her Tyner - esque , but gentler and less functionally grounded , left - hand chording .
Rashied Ali ’s style also represented a striking change for Coltrane ’s sound .
Whereas Elvin Jones played with immense force and presented the listener with endless permutations of polyrhythms , Rashied Ali played with a style better described as panrhythmic .
Ali , with his constant percussive percolation , seldom sought to play the traditional drummer ’s role .
Instead , his style , like Alice ’s , worked mainly for the sake of adding color to the total sonic mix of the group .
Often he did not care to establish a clear sense of time , but simply to create a churning , forward - moving , expressive percussion line .
Ali ’s style can be heard most distinctly on the Coltrane - Ali duet album , Interstellar Space , but it is also apparent in this 1966 recording of “ My Favorite Things ” : although there is usually some rhythmic pulse , that pulse may change freely or occasionally disappear altogether .
The music , in a sense , becomes timeless ; while it certainly occurs through time , as music always must , there is no clear delineation of time to give the listener a foothold in the wash of sound .
Even after the form becomes apparent , rhythmic pulse is provided more by Alice ’s piano than Ali ’s drumming .
Pharoah Sanders , especially in his time with the Coltrane group , played with a uniquely unorthodox sound .
Rather than following strict chord progressions or even established modes , Sanders played freely with tones , often “ out of tune ” by Western 12 - tone standards .
He also incorporated non-traditional saxophone sounds .
His “ sputtering phrases that build , ineluctably , to the usual cacophony of screams , howls , and shrieks ” ( Nisenson 208 ) are easily distinguished from Coltrane ’s style in any context in which the two performed together .
Even as Coltrane began to explore a more unorthodox saxophone style himself , there was an identifiable difference between the two players ’ techniques .
Jimmy Garrison , the lone hold - out from Coltrane ’s earlier quartet , played in a style that seems , much more than Tyner ’s or Jones ’ , well - suited to Coltrane ’s new direction .
Though infrequently mentioned in liner notes , books , articles , or scholarly works about Coltrane , Garrison played an important role .
In the words of McCoy Tyner , “ I ’ll say this about Jimmy , his time and choice of notes was the best of all the bass players John had used ” ( Thomas 149 ) .
His level of recognition may be low due to the high regard in which his bandmates were held by the music press and the public .
Also , the inadequate recording technology of the 1960s left his parts almost inaudible on many Coltrane recordings .
Of course , this may have been intentional : Tyner continues , “ He stayed more in the background , and that was what John really wanted . ”
Yet the clear differences between his style ( as presented at the Newport Jazz Festival in 1965 ) and Steve Davis ’ style ( on the original 1960 Coltrane recording of “ My Favorite Things ” ) make clear his role as a force for change in the direction Coltrane had taken by mid-1966 .
Though , as mentioned above , Garrison sometimes cannot be heard in a group context , he is quite audible during his 14 - minute - plus unaccompanied bass solo that comprises the opening quarter of this 1966 recording of “ My Favorite Things . ”
Here he demonstrates many of his personal stylistic traits , designed “ to free the bass from the straitjacket of strict timekeeping ” ( Nisenson 128-129 ) .
These include free movement in the bass , treating it more as a melodic instrument than as support ( which is natural in a bass solo , of course , but Garrison carries it into his group playing ) ; relying heavily on the low end of the instrument ; and a Garrison trademark ( Gridley 261 ) : chordal strumming similar to a guitar ( a technique which he uses at 7:30 in this recording ) .
Table 4 below shows a brief outline of the structure of this recording of “ My Favorite Things . ”
Coltrane ’s handling of the piece in this setting is similar to that of his landmark recording of 28 June 1965 , “ Ascension ” ( now available on the CD set The Major Works of John Coltrane ) and even reflective of Miles Davis ’ concepts on Kind of Blue : Each soloist has a chance to play for as long as he or she likes — there is no strict form to limit the length of the solos .
Table 4
Date and Location : 22 July 1966 , Sankei Hall , Tokyo , Japan
Personnel : John Coltrane ( alto and soprano sax ) , Alice Coltrane ( piano ) , Jimmy Garrison ( bass ) , Rashied Ali ( drums ) , Pharoah Sanders ( alto sax , percussion )
CD Information : Live in Japan , Impulse !
GRD - 4-102 , disc 4 , track 1 , timing 57:19
Timing Description 0:00 Bass solo .
Garrison .
14:49 Band enters , Coltrane on alto sax , solos with typical fast scale runs , but with heavy vibrato not found on earlier recordings , and beginning to use altissimo notes and rapid alternation between altissimo and low register .
4/4 time established at beginning of this section dissipates into less strict rhythm .
18:24 A. Coltrane plays melody , with little perceptible change in rhythm section accompaniment .
18:39 Coltrane solos .
Based loosely on Interlude .
Solo becomes fast and wailing .
~21:00 Coltrane begins to use pedal point technique as in earlier recordings but with free harmony .
22:25 A. Coltrane plays .
22:40 Bridge .
Coltrane solos , using violently rapid runs , false tones , and altissimo .
25:29 A. Coltrane plays .
25:44 A. Coltrane repeats with greater embellishment .
25:58 Interlude .
Coltrane .
26:12 After applause , Sanders solos on alto sax .
Form of “ My Favorite Things ” completely disappears .
Alice Coltrane becomes more forceful and dissonant in her accompaniment , Ali moves further from regular timekeeping , Garrison moves freely .
Sanders ’s style is distinguished by abrupt changes in direction , a slightly “ rougher ” sound than Coltrane , ripping glissandi , flutter tongue , and occasional abandonment of Western 12 - tone intonation .
30:53 Sanders quotes a small segment of A , not in original key ; quickly returns to free solo .
Sanders continues to quote segments freely through next part of solo .
~ 34:00 Sanders seems about to return to A but does not .
Alice Coltrane ’s accompaniment changes to reflect indications of A harmonic structure .
~ 34:30 Sanders continues , underlying movement hints at Bridge but still moves freely , nonetheless , a shift in direction occurs .
38:14 A . After some hinting , Sanders plays the melody , but moves away mid-phrase to further improvisation , returns to segments of melody periodically .
39:37 A. Sanders makes first complete statement of melody at conclusion of solo , plays last note 1 /2 step low .
~40:00 After applause , Alice Coltrane begins to solo .
Sounds much like a freer McCoy Tyner .
Frequently alternating chords in left hand accompany rapid flourishes in right hand .
Basically modal with frequent borrowed tones .
~ 42:50 After a repetitive left - hand pattern on piano , Ali establishes a steadier rhythm , simplifying the group sound for a short time before building again around 44:00 .
~ 45:30 Alice Coltrane plays repeated rumbling chord in left hand with rolling descending patterns in right hand , leading to A. 45:58 A. Alice Coltrane begins a drastically harmonically altered version of A , continues permutations of A for next several minutes .
47:48 Coltrane enters on soprano , trilling .
48:02 A. Coltrane on soprano .
48:16 Interlude .
Coltrane solos .
Sanders plays a prominently audible tambourine .
This Interlude continues slightly more true to earlier versions , but still with greater movement in bass and piano .
As solo continues , moves further “ out . ” 51:34 Bridge .
Sudden shift to major tonality brings the music to more “ familiar ” territory , both with melodic material in Coltrane ’s soprano sax and with relative harmonic stability in Alice Coltrane ’s piano .
54:35 Coltrane ’s repetitive flurries of notes build to a maniacally driven intensity .
55:20 A. Coltrane ’s statement is moderately embellished with scalar runs .
55:34 B/ Coda .
With this statement , the piece returns to a form similar to earlier versions .
Coltrane extends vamp before free closing section longer than in earlier recordings .
56:29 “ Free ” closing section , now over thirty seconds in length .
The A section occurs in varying degrees of recognizability nine times in this recording — the same number of times as in the 1965 Newport recording , which was 1/4 the length of this performance .
The Interludes and Bridges do not act as strict bases for solos but simply as starting points , allowing the soloists and the entire group to move freely in any direction they see fit .
Where solos in earlier versions may last for two to five minutes ( already quite long when compared to the 16 - or 32 - bar solos musicians took in the big band and early bebop eras ) , now , as with Garrison and Sanders on this recording , they may extend as long as fourteen minutes — longer than entire earlier performances of the piece !
When the A section does occur , particularly during Sanders ’ and Alice Coltrane ’s solos , it may be only a small segment , or it may be so highly altered that careful attention is required even to notice its presence .
Throughout the performance , Coltrane ’s own playing is often the most traditional and true to the original form of the piece , though his playing , too , is much freer than it was even one year earlier .
Sanders , in particular , almost entirely disregards the original form .
Ironically , after Coltrane ’s death , both Sanders and Alice Coltrane would go on to record far more conventional - sounding works .
( Some of these can be heard on the Impulse ! compilation Red Hot on Impulse . )
By the time of this recording , Coltrane ’s own presence on these performances has become noticeably less dominant than it had been in years past .
This is mostly due to his declining health .
The liver ailment that would take his life one year later was already having an impact upon his stamina .
He had gained a significant amount of weight ( Cole 195 ) and had less endurance in performance .
This decline was partially responsible for Coltrane ’s decision to include Sanders in his new band .
Coltrane ’s own comments elucidate the matter :
Pharoah is a man of large spiritual reservoir .
He ’s always trying to reach out to truth .
He ’s trying to allow his spiritual self be his guide .
He ’s dealing among other things , in energy , in integrity , in essences .
I so much like the strength of his playing .
Furthermore , he is one of the innovators , and it ’s been my pleasure and privilege that he ’s been willing to help me , that he is part of the group … .
What I like about him is the strength of his playing , the conviction with which he plays .
He has will and spirit and those are the qualities I like most in a man .
( Simpkins 194 )
Coltrane ’s emphasis of Sanders ’ spiritual character as cause for his membership in the quintet is significant , reflecting upon Sanders ’ compatibility with his musical directions as well as Coltrane ’s own personal motivations in his music .
This matter will be discussed at greater length in the next section .
Despite his diminishing presence , the playing Coltrane does contribute on this recording is characteristically profound .
The steady evolution of Coltrane ’s modal extensions has led to what may be its logical conclusion — a polytonality that Eric Nisenson suggests is a direct attempt to apply the work of Igor Stravinsky to jazz improvisation ( 208 ) .
Interestingly , Coltrane is not the first prominent jazz saxophonist to incorporate Stravinsky ’s style in his solos : as Coltrane ’s early bandmate Jimmy Heath notes in the video The World According to John Coltrane , Charlie Parker was known to carry a copy of the score of Stravinsky ’s Firebird suite , from which he borrowed liberally in his solos .
This presents a fascinating parallel : Charlie Parker , the leading saxophonist in the bebop movement of the 1940s , drew upon techniques from the music of Stravinsky ’s early career while Coltrane , the leading saxophonist in 1960s jazz , implemented Stravinsky ’s later compositional tools .
Motivations
John Coltrane was a greatly admired musician .
Those who knew him used words like “ visionary , ” “ prophet ” and “ saint ” to describe him ( Works ) .
Eric Nisenson , in the preface to his book Ascension : John Coltrane and his Quest , describes why he so greatly admires Coltrane : “ I find Coltrane ’s music not only beautiful but also genuinely uplifting to the spirit ” ( xii ) .
The title of Nisenson ’s book uses an interesting word — quest — to describe Coltrane ’s musical development , which indeed appears analogous to a musical search for something profound .
Nisenson continues : “ ( Coltrane ’s ) quest was very real for him ; it was the center of his life and his art .
Coltrane did not intend to produce obscure art — he wanted to reach all of us at the deepest center of our beings , to uplift us and even change us ” ( xiii ) .
Nisenson later discusses the beauty of Coltrane ’s music , but suggests that we may need to redefine “ beauty . ”
Bill Cole ’s observations help to explain this :
( Coltrane ’s music ) dealt with human problems in human terms for human beings in a human world .
If there is ‘ turmoil ’ in his music , it includes the turmoil in the hearts and minds of ordinary men and women .
It includes the turmoil and violence of the times through which Trane lived .
But the magic in Trane ’s music also must derive from the ‘ peace which passeth all understanding ’ that was in this man ’s heart . ( 11 )
Coltrane ’s art at times may have been difficult to appreciate , but it was reflective of an unpleasant world .
Yet there was always hope in Coltrane ’s music .
He never stopped searching , and he always revealed what he had found through his music .
Coltrane pursued his goal of helping people to live meaningful lives by revealing the meaning he had found in music , through music .
Of course , his music is often difficult to listen to , as well as to appreciate .
Writer Martin Williams presents a solid argument against the validity of Coltrane ’s musical vision , quoting an audience member describing a particular Coltrane performance as “ forty - five minutes of C - minor ninth chords . ”
Williams asserts , “ And forty - five minutes on C - minor ninth chords , it became increasingly clear , could not lead to musical freedom ” ( 232 ) .
Williams ’ strongest argument is against Coltrane ’s rapid musical development through the mid-1960s :
The changes in his work may , of course , have been signs of growth , and if they were , few important jazz improvisers have grown and developed as much as Coltrane did in so short a time .
But , on the other hand , the changes may have been naive .
Or they may have been signs of personal indecision or frustration .
( 235 )
Williams admits that Coltrane ’s confusing and perhaps confused path was an understandable reflection of the turmoil of the 1960s .
Nonetheless , he suggests , true Coltrane believers may be too eager to jump wholeheartedly into accepting whatever sounds Coltrane may throw their way .
Coltrane did falter occasionally , he reminds us and , as per Cole ’s description , Coltrane ’s uniquely human creations must necessarily be tainted by human flaws just as they are informed by human strengths .
The conflict presented here may serve to make Williams ’ argument superfluous , however : certainly , Coltrane ’s work was not perfect , but it need not be to be effective .
Nonetheless , Williams ’ opinions carry too much clout to be dismissed so easily by Coltrane aficionados .
As Nisenson notes , Williams was in charge of the compilation of The Smithsonian Collection of Classic Jazz .
On that multi-disc set , Coltrane ’s playing appears only on two tracks : “ So What ” from Miles Davis ’ Kind of Blue album and Coltrane ’s own “ Alabama . ” Williams ’ blatant exclusion of even Coltrane ’s least - controversial , most highly - regarded works like “ Giant Steps ” or “ A Love Supreme ” ( or , of course , the 1960 recording “ My Favorite Things ” ) is , in Nisenson ’s words , a “ devastating blow ” to Coltrane ’s musical legacy ( 220 ) .
The reason that this exclusion is so devastating is that the Smithsonian set is widely used for jazz education in schools and colleges , and its contents thus largely define jazz history to younger generations .
In an interesting turn on this issue , Nisenson quotes critic Francis Davis : “ Williams correctly perceived that Coltrane impersonators were leading jazz toward a cul - de- sac , with their know - nothing mysticism , droning modality , and opportunistic black nationalism ” ( 221 ) .
This poignant observation suggests that Coltrane might justifiably be underrepresented , as it is all too easy for inadequately knowledgeable musicians to misinterpret Coltrane ’s music as “ no - holds - barred , ” aimless honking and to use Coltrane ’s position as a respected musical innovator as justification for their own questionable musical experiments .
Ultimately , however , this kind of safeguard against future musical aberrations is not adequate justification for a hasty dismissal of Coltrane ’s legacy .
Though some critics may view Coltrane ’s music from one extreme or the other —
Williams reluctantly admitting that “ the future must acknowledge that he has been with us ” ( 235 ) versus Nisenson charging that the “ neoclassicists ” in 1980s and ’90s jazz , led by Wynton Marsalis , “ seem to have no understanding of Coltrane ’s creative spirit ” ( 259 ) — few if any have the courage to deny that Coltrane ’s presence was real .
In fact , with the recent remastering and rerelease of many of his recordings by Atlantic and Impulse !
and the use of Coltrane ’s music in such films as Mo’ Better Blues and The Doors , Coltrane ’s presence in American culture today seems to be growing .
Michael Bruce McDonald suggests that “ Coltrane ’s art is especially important for the present era , precisely to the extent that our age is fraught with longing for something akin to sacred experience ” ( 276 ) .
If mass awareness of Coltrane ’s music is truly growing , as it appears to be on the basis of the aforementioned examples , and if it truly offers the meaning McDonald claims is so important ( Nisenson believes it does ) , then understanding becomes necessary .
Williams ’ near outright dismissal notwithstanding , Francis Davis ’ positive take on modern ignorance of Coltrane is not an acceptable means of handling the issue of Coltrane ’s music and its influence upon our musical landscape .
To reiterate the Gridley quote earlier of this paper , “ The Coltrane quartet was one of the most important groups in jazz history , and some historians consider it to have been the most influential of all jazz combos ” ( italics mine ) .
Coltrane ’s music remains a part of our society and a moving force in our musical and cultural history .
If we are to handle it responsibly , we must acknowledge it and study it in order to navigate its nuances of meaning .
Because just as Coltrane believes that “ there certainly is meaning to life , ” I believe there certainly is meaning to Coltrane ’s music .
Conclusion
Regardless of the arguments about the motivations behind , or the value of , Coltrane ’s musical development in the 1960s , this development remains a fascinating study .
Two pieces , “ Naima ” and “ My Favorite Things , ” which Coltrane first performed in 1959 and 1960 , respectively , remained in his groups ’ repertoire for the remainder of his career ( Jost 101 ) .
While the rest of his repertoire changed , the constant presence and equally constant evolution of these pieces allow for their use in analytical observation of the changes that occurred in Coltrane ’s style .
“ My Favorite Things , ” as demonstrated here , is especially fascinating to study , for it reveals the advancement Coltrane had already made by the time of his initial performance of it .
The traditions of Indian classical music , as well as Western art music , had already impacted Coltrane ’s musical style .
African polyrhythms were a fundamental force in Elvin Jones ’ highly regarded drumming style .
With the additional influence of Miles Davis ’ modal period of the late 1950s , John Coltrane created his interpretation of “ My Favorite Things . ”
Further pursuance of his musical goal of spiritual fulfillment , as well as the influences of younger musicians , especially those who played with his group — Eric Dolphy , Alice Coltrane , Pharoah Sanders , and Rashied Ali — led Coltrane farther into free - form work , and the jazz avant garde .
One can only wonder what sorts of sounds Coltrane might have explored beyond 17 July 1967 when , after a year of failing health , liver cancer took his life at the age of 40 , at his home in New York .
Despite his untimely death , his music lives on in the plethora of recordings made during his intense career , and in the music of those who worked with him or were inspired by him .
“ I hope whoever is out there listening , they enjoy it . ”
— John Coltrane , 1966 , to interviewer Frank Kofsky
Postscript : Personal reflections on a jazz experience
McCoy Tyner in concert , 21 February 1996 , St. Paul , Minnesota
I live in a generation that owes what slight knowledge of jazz it possesses primarily to recordings and books , not to experiences of live jazz .
This situation makes for a rather sterile and mechanical approach to jazz music , especially for someone doing scholarly research on the subject .
I had thus succumbed to the notion that “ jazz is dead . ”
Perhaps not exactly dead , but it is no exaggeration to say that I basically thought the evolution and “ life ” of jazz had ended with the 1960s , and arguably with the death of John Coltrane .
Surely , other forms of jazz endured and developed , but the essential lineage of jazz seemed to terminate on that day in July 1967 .
Something to keep in mind , particularly when examining recordings of Coltrane ’s music as was done in this paper , is that jazz is primarily a live performance art , and recordings capture only a pale shadow of the essential spirit and energy present in a live performance .
Never was this point made clearer to me than in my first and , as yet , only encounter with the legacy of the famous John Coltrane Quartet so thoroughly examined herein .
On 21 February 1996 , I was fortunate enough to hear the phenomenal McCoy Tyner Trio perform at the Dakota Bar and Grill in St. Paul , Minnesota .
My experience paralleled that described by Eric Nisenson in the introduction to Ascension ( xv-xix ) .
It has often been said that for Coltrane , jazz was more than music .
His work was a spiritual quest — a religious experience .
The tradition of jazz is inextricably linked to the Negro spiritual of the 19th century , and to the percussion ensembles of Africa , whose music serves an essential and very real role in the spiritual lives of its practitioners and their communities .
I have observed that this religious transcendence is somewhat alien to the “ Western ” mode of thought .
Even more alien is the idea that this music carries real power to move its listeners .
I have heard about certain brilliant pieces of Western classical music as being “ moving , ” but never have I experienced music so physically moving , so visceral , so real .
As I watched the musicians performing on stage , I realized that there was more to what they were doing than just the sounds they were producing .
Aaron Scott , the drummer , engaged in a dance of fluid grace upon the drum kit .
Bassist Avery Sharpe became so intimately engaged with his upright that for a moment I was embarrassed to watch , until I realized that this was something I was meant to witness and to experience .
McCoy
Tyner played the piano in such a way that I felt his very being transported through its keys and into the strings from which it resonated in the room , pure and exposed .
As I observed others in the audience , I knew I was not alone .
People around me were bobbing their heads , rolling and shaking as if in a state of religious ecstasy or hypnotically linked to some supernatural world .
This was something real — something organic and present in the room .
This was live jazz .
All contents of this page except cited materials copyright © 1996 by Scott Anderson .
Readers are hereby given permission to print one ( 1 ) copy of the page for personal use , which is not to be altered in any way , nor is it to be redistributed or duplicated in part or whole in any medium .
Owners of the copyrights of cited materials retain their rights to those materials .
Door County authorities are trying to figure out how a motorist ended up near the top of the east arm of the Maple - Oregon Bridge across Sturgeon Bay after the arms of the drawbridge were lifted to a 45 - degree angle .
Photographs of a car precariously perched in a downward position were circulating via e-mail Friday while authorities tried to find the woman who was driving the car .
" This car was rising , similar to a ride at Great America , " Sturgeon Bay police Capt .
Arleigh Porter said .
" Apparently the bridge tender noticed , lowered the bridge and after a short conversation she goes on her way . "
The incident happened about 6 p.m. Thursday , but police did n't learn about it until after news reporters began calling to confirm the authenticity of the photos , Porter said .
" At first we thought someone was just playing around with Photoshop , " Porter said .
" It really is amazing . "
" It appears to be human error , " Porter said .
Police said they were hoping that the motorist will contact them .
" She 's not in any trouble , " Porter said .
" We just want to talk to her and find out how this happened so we can make sure that it does n't happen again . "
" I want to ask her what was going through her mind and how hard she had that brake pushed down . "
- Jesse Garza
In the past , we 've speculated that Apple 's resistance to supporting Adobe 's Flash on the iPhone and their efforts to add new features to HTML / CSS is , in part , to reduce their long term dependence on Flash .
Ajaxian points to an impressive demo by Charles Ying which shows off hardware accelerated 3D CSS Visual Effects that are now supported in Snow Leopard 's Safari builds as well as the latest Webkit nightly builds .
If you have either of these versions installed , you can view a live version yourself here .
Otherwise , you can watch this video of the demo :
These new 3D effects have been proposed for standards inclusion .
If successful , future browsers will also adopt these effects .
While these will help provide standards - based tools for accomplishing visual effects that have been the realm of Flash in the past , there has recently been a setback on efforts to standardize on a specific video playback format for HTML5 .
Video remains the most popular use for Flash on the web .
Due to ongoing disagreements between Apple , Google and other web browser developers , the acceptance of a single video codec standard for HTML5 has been indefinitely delayed .
" After an inordinate amount of discussions , both in public and privately , on the situation regarding codecs for video and audio in HTML5 , I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that there is no suitable codec that all vendors are willing to implement and ship , " Hickson wrote .
" I have therefore removed the two subsections in the HTML5 spec in which codecs would have been required , and have instead left the matter undefined . "
Apple , of course , has been pushing H.264 and opposes the Ogg Theora alternative due to the potential patent claims in the future .
Mozilla and Opera have their own issues with cost and licensing issues with H.264 and prefer Ogg Theora .
The inability to come to an agreement means that there will be no accepted standard format for HTML5 .
As a result , Flash will likely remain the dominant format for online video for the time being .
" Toto , I have a feeling we 're not in Kansas any more .... " – Dorothy , arriving in Oz ( In the Zone )
" Nature does not know extinction ; all it knows is transformation .
Everything science has taught me , and continues to teach me , strengthens my belief in the continuity of our spiritual existence after death . "
– Wernher von Braun ( Beyond the Zero )
Quotations
Noted no -nonsense humor haters Stuff Stones Like came across some revealing pot news .
It seems a recent scientific survey suggests that kind bud protects against cancer .
Pretty cool , huh ?
And with that in mind , we are going to try writing about this with the UTMOST SERIOUSNESS .
( After all , marijuana is serious business . ) .
According to Stuff Stoners Like :
Not only does smoking marijuana NOT cause cancer it actually PROTECTS against it .
But , do n’t take our word for it , however , check out this month ’s Cancer Prevention Research Journal which has a study demonstrating that chronic , long term use of cannabis actually reduces the incidence of head and neck cancer .
The report states that10 to 20 years of marijuana use was associated with a significantly reduced risk of HNSCC or head and neck squamous cell carcinoma .
These stoners could very well have a point .
According to the recent Cancer Prevention Research study , " Cannabinoids , constituents of marijuana smoke , have been recognized to have potential antitumor properties .
However , the epidemiologic evidence addressing the relationship between marijuana use and the induction of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) is inconsistent and conflicting . "
But why is n't this breaking news , you ask ?
The government , of course .
It seems they 're snuffing out any and all pro-pot research .
Even the Carter administration is in on it .
Read more about this most heinous cover up here .
Since the end of the Apollo Moon landings more than three decades ago , NASA , with the space shuttles and now the International Space Station , has toiled in Earth orbit a few hundred miles off the ground .
A subcommittee of the panel studied several possibilities , including NASA ’s current program to send astronauts back to the Moon by 2020 , a more ambitious plan to skip the Moon and aim directly for Mars and what the members called the “ flexible path , ” which would avoid the “ deep gravity wells ” of the Moon and Mars , saving the time and cost of developing landers to carry astronauts to the surfaces of those bodies .
Edward F. Crawley , a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who headed the subcommittee , said , “ The flexible path essentially goes across stepping stones ” of progressively longer , more challenging missions by which NASA would learn how to operate long missions in deep space .
A flyby of the moon might be followed by more distant trips to so - called Lagrange points , first to the location where the gravity of the Moon and the Earth gravity cancel each other out , then to where the gravity of the Earth and Sun cancel out .
There could also be visits to asteroids or flybys of Mars leading to landings on one or both of the low - gravity moons of Deimos and Phobos .
This approach , Dr. Crawley said , would provide “ the most steady cadence of steady improvement . ”
That approach could also improve the capability of robotic explorers on Mars .
Instructions from controllers on Earth now take several minutes to reach craft on Mars .
But astronauts on a Martian moon could operate robots on the planet in real time .
For cocaine users , a rolled up $ 20 bill may be the most convenient tool for snorting the powder form of the drug .
Or so it would seem from a new analysis of 234 banknotes from 18 U.S. cities that found cocaine on 90 percent of the bills tested .
Perhaps that 's not surprising given that the U.S. Office of National Drug Control Policy reports that more than 2 million Americans used cocaine in 2007 , which has been linked to ill effects ranging from debilitating addiction to heart attacks .
The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , for its part , reported in the same year that 6 million Americans admit using cocaine annually , consuming a total of as much as 457 metric tons in a year .
" Cocaine is a powerfully addictive stimulant and one of the most commonly abused illicit drugs in the world , " says chemist Yuegang Zuo of the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth , who conducted the tests and presented the findings today at the biannual meeting of the American Chemical Society , which is taking place in Washington , D.C.
That city ranked highest in the survey — 95 percent of the sampled bills there bore cocaine contamination — along with Baltimore , Boston and Detroit .
Salt Lake City had the lowest average levels of contamination .
" The examination of cocaine contamination on paper money can provide objective and timely epidemiological information about cocaine abuse in individual communities , " Zuo argues .
What might be more surprising is the fact that the percentage of contaminated bills seems to be rising ; just two years ago , Zuo did a similar study that found cocaine on only 67 percent of banknotes in Massachusetts .
" It is too early to draw a conclusion about why , " Zuo says .
" The economic downturn may partly contribute to the jump . "
But the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) notes that other measures , such as pretrial urine samples from defendants accused of crimes , show that drug use , at least in the D.C. area , has gone down slightly — only 29 percent of adult arrestees had traces of cocaine in their urine in the first six months of 2009 , the lowest level since 1985 .
" We know that cocaine prices have gone up significantly in the last two years , which usually deters use of that drug , " says special agent Melissa Bell of the Washington , D.C. , division office of the DEA .
" Junkies go on to use something cheaper . "
Levels of cocaine ranged from .006 micrograms to more than 1,240 micrograms — the equivalent of 50 grains of sand — on U.S. bills , and $ 5 , $ 10 and $ 20 bills on average carried more contamination than $ 1 or $ 100 bills .
Zuo and his colleagues also tested banknotes from Brazil , Canada , China and Japan , and found that Asians appear to use the drug less — only 20 percent of the 112 Chinese renminbi notes tested had traces , and only 12 percent of 16 Japanese yen notes tested bore the drug .
But Canadians seem to be just as fond and , perhaps , a bit sloppier in their consumption or dealing .
More than 2,350 micrograms of cocaine were found on some of the Canadian bills , 85 percent of which had some level of contamination , while 80 percent of Brazilian reals also bore traces of the drug .
Whether this means drug use is on the rise or that ATMs and other bulk cash - handling machines — where one contaminated bill can spread powder to many others — are ever more ubiquitous cannot be discerned .
" It is still difficult to tell quantitatively how much is due to primary contamination , such as during a drug deal or [ use ] , and how much is due to secondary contamination , such as interaction between contaminated and uncontaminated bills , " Zuo says .
" Both may contribute ... [ but ] it seems clear that the banknotes containing 1,240 micrograms of cocaine were used directly during a drug deal or uptake [ drug use ] . "
Previous studies , stretching as far back as 1987 , have found varying levels of cocaine contamination , some even higher than the new finding .
But Zuo is the first to analyze foreign banknotes for contamination and the first to employ a new method of gas chromatography , which detects the chemical signature of the drug without damaging the actual money , to do the analysis .
The finding might complicate an anti-drug dealing tactic used by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and other enforcement agencies , Zuo says .
In some cases , the FBI compares the levels of cocaine contamination on seized bills to levels found on bills in general circulation , treating this as evidence .
" Sometimes [ drug dealers ] use these studies to try to get their money back when we seize it , " Bell notes .
But the DEA 's drug - sniffing dogs are not actually detecting cocaine ; they are sensing a chemical used in its manufacture that dissipates more quickly .
" So they do n't get their money back , " Bell says .
Regardless , it would seem , according to this research , that C - notes are not as popular with drug dealers ( or users ) as perhaps popularly depicted .
" You rarely see them breaking out the hundreds unless they 're buying kilos , " Bell adds .
" The user on the street is going to be breaking out the five , ten or twenty . "
88 Important Truths I ’ve Learned About Life
Everyone gets drilled with certain lessons in life .
Sometimes it takes repeated demonstrations of a given law of life to really get it into your skull , and other times one powerful experience drives the point home once forever .
Here are 88 things I ’ve discovered about life , the world , and its inhabitants by this point in my short time on earth .
1 . You ca n’t change other people , and it ’s rude to try .
2 . It is a hundred times more difficult to burn calories than to refrain from consuming them in the first place .
3 . If you ’re talking to someone you do n’t know well , you may be talking to someone who knows way more about whatever you ’re talking about than you do .
4 . The cheapest and most expensive models are usually both bad deals .
5 . Everyone likes somebody who gets to the point quickly .
6 . Bad moods will come and go your whole life , and trying to force them away makes them run deeper and last longer .
7. Children are remarkably honest creatures until we teach them not to be .
8 . If everyone in the TV show you ’re watching is good - looking , it ’s not worth watching .
9 . Yelling always makes things worse .
10 .
Whenever you ’re worried about what others will think of you , you ’re really just worried about what you ’ll think of you .
11 . Every problem you have is your responsibility , regardless of who caused it .
12 . You never have to deal with more than one moment at a time .
13 .
If you never doubt your beliefs , then you ’re wrong a lot .
14 . Managing one ’s wants is the most powerful skill a person can learn .
15 . Nobody has it all figured out .
16 . Cynicism is far too easy to be useful .
17 . Every passing face on the street represents a story every bit as compelling and complicated as yours .
18 . Whenever you hate something , it hates you back : people , situations and inanimate objects alike .
19 . Ralph Waldo Emerson ’s works alone can teach you everything you need to know about living with grace and happiness .
20 .
People embellish everything , as a rule .
21 . Anger reveals weakness of character , violence even moreso .
22 . Humans cannot destroy the planet , but we can destroy its capacity to keep us alive .
And we are .
23 .
When people are uncomfortable with the present moment , they fidget with their hands or their minds .
Watch and see .
24 . Those who complain the most , accomplish the least .
25 . Putting something off makes it instantly harder and scarier .
26 . Credit card debt devours souls .
27 . Nobody knows more than a minuscule fraction of what ’s going on in the world .
It ’s just way too big for any one person to know it well .
28 . Most of what we see is only what we think about what we see .
29 .
A person who is unafraid to present a candid version of herself to the world is as rare as diamonds .
30 .
The most common addiction in the world is the draw of comfort .
It wrecks dreams and breaks people .
31 . If what you ’re doing feels perfectly safe , there is probably a better course of action .
32 . The greatest innovation in the history of humankind is language .
33 .
Blame is the favorite pastime of those who dislike responsibility .
34 . Everyone you meet is better than you at something .
35 . Proof is nothing but a collection of opinions that match your own .
36 . Knowledge is belief , nothing more .
37 .
Indulging your desires is not self - love .
38 .
What makes human beings different from animals is that animals can be themselves with ease .
39 .
Self - examination is the only path out of misery .
40 .
Whoever you are , you will die .
To know and understand that means you are alive .
41 . Revenge is for the petty and irresponsible .
42 . Getting truly organized can vastly improve anyone ’s life .
43 .
Almost every cliché contains a truth so profound that people have been compelled to repeat it until it makes you roll your eyes .
But the wisdom is still in there .
44 . People cause suffering when they are suffering themselves .
Alleviating their suffering will help them not hurt others .
45 . High quality is worth any quantity , in possessions , friends and experiences .
46 .
The world would be a better place if everyone read National Geographic .
47 .
If you are n’t happy single , you wo n’t be happy in a relationship .
48 . Even if it costs no money , nothing is free if it takes time .
49 .
Emotions exist to make us strongly biased towards or against something .
This hinders as often as it helps .
50 .
Addiction is a much greater problem in society than it ’s made out to be .
It ’s present in every person in various forms , but usually we call it something else .
51 . “ Gut feeling ” is not just a euphemism .
Tension in the abdomen speaks volumes about how you truly feel about something , beyond all arguments and rationales .
52 . Posture and dress change profoundly how you feel about yourself and how others feel about you , like it or not .
53 .
Everyone thinks they ’re an above average driver .
54 .
The urge to punish others has much more to do with venting frustration than correcting behavior .
55 .
By default , people think far too much .
56 .
If anything is worth splurging on , it ’s a high - quality mattress .
You ’ll spend a third of your life using it .
57 .
There is nothing worse than having no friends .
58 .
To write a person off as worthless is an act of great violence .
59 .
Try as we might to be otherwise , we are all hypocrites .
60 .
Justice is a human invention which is in reality rarely achievable , but many will not hesitate to destroy lives demanding it .
61 . Kids will usually understand exactly what you mean if you keep it to one or two short sentences .
62 . Stuff that ’s on sale usually has an annoying downside .
63 . Casual swearing makes people sound dumb .
64 . Words are immensely powerful .
One cruel remark can wound someone for life .
65 .
It ’s easy to make someone ’s day just by being uncommonly pleasant to them .
66 .
Most of what children learn from their parents is n’t taught on purpose .
67 .
The secret ingredient is usually butter , in obscene amounts .
68 .
It is worth re-trying foods that you did n’t like at first .
69 .
Problems , when they arise , are rarely as painful as the experience of fearing them .
70 .
Nothing — ever — happens exactly like you pictured it .
71 . North Americans are generally terrible at accepting compliments and offers of help .
72 . There are not enough women in positions of power .
The world has suffered from this deficit for a long time .
73 .
When you break promises to yourself , you feel terrible .
When you make a habit of it , you begin to hate yourself .
74 . A good nine out of ten bad things I ’ve worried about never happened .
A good nine out of ten bad things that did happen never occurred to me to worry about .
75 .
You ca n’t hide a bad mood from people who know you well , but you can always be polite .
76 . Sometimes you have to remove certain people from your life , even if they ’re family .
77 .
Anyone can be calmed in an instant by looking at the ocean or the stars .
78 .
There is no point finishing a book you are n’t enjoying .
Life is too short for that .
Swallow your pride and put it down for good , unfinished .
79 .
There is no correlation between the price of a brand of batteries and how long they last .
80 .
Breaking new ground only takes a small amount more effort than you ’re used to giving .
81 . Life is a solo trip , but you ’ll have lots of visitors .
Some of them are long - term , most are n’t .
82 . One of the best things you can do for your kids is take them on road trips .
I ’m not a parent , but I was a kid once .
83 .
The fewer possessions you have , the more they do for you .
84 . Einstein was wiser than he was intelligent , and he was a genius .
85 .
When you ’re sick of your own life , that ’s a good time to pick up a book .
86 . Wishing things were different is a great way to torture yourself .
87 .
The ability to be happy is nothing other than the ability to come to terms with how things change .
88 . Killing time is an atrocity .
It ’s priceless , and it never grows back .
Photo by Philgarlic
A Raptitude Community Finally !
Raptitude is now on Patreon .
It 's an easy way to help keep Raptitude ad - free .
In exchange you get access to extra posts and other goodies .
Join a growing community of patrons .
Finally !
Raptitude is now on Patreon .
It 's an easy way to help keep Raptitude ad - free .
In exchange youand other goodies .
Join a growing community of patrons .
[ See what it 's all about ]
As soon as it came out , it was spread all over the net : 15 German journalists and bloggers wrote an " Internet Manifesto " on how journalism works today .
Shortly after it was announced online , their server went offline .
The reaction was overwhelming .
The 17 declarations were discussed worldwide .
Guardian columnist Jeff Jarvis retweeted every declaration to his nearly 25,000 Twitter followers .
The declarations were blogged , commented upon and widely discussed .
And they even gathered attention in the newspapers .
So what is it all about ?
Starting with the sentence " The internet is different " , the 17 declarations might not be hot news , but they tie together some of more innovative positions about journalism in the age of the net .
The authors believe that the internet improves journalism if the media adapt their working methods to today 's technological reality , " instead of ignoring or challenging it " .
Furthermore , the signatories claim that " copyright becomes a civic duty on the internet " .
And that there is indeed a value of quality online , because " the internet debunks homogeneous bulk goods " .
Therefore , there is money in online journalism , although " tradition is not a business model " – its business model has to be adapted to the rules of the net .
So why publish a manifesto ?
" We were tired of the fact that the discussion about the future of journalism does n't take the reality of the internet into account , but revolves around the wishes of how the publishers think it should be , " said one of the initiators of the manifesto , Sascha Lobo .
After he started to discuss the matter with colleague Mario Sixtus , he learned that journalist Thomas Knuewer had pondered the same issues .
They formed a group , invited more participants ( I was among them ) and started editing the manifesto – and it not only spread all over the internet , but into the mainstream media – which is rarely the case .
Most of the time when mainstream media take a stance on the future of journalism , they report , with some exceptions , the positions of the powerful , not of the innovators .
The paid - content debate , for example , was mostly triggered on the pages and websites of major newspapers and largely suited their traditional opinion .
Of course all of the major media reported Rupert Murdoch 's claims that the days of the free internet were over , whereas some believe they are still to come .
But the New York Times and The LA Times , for example , even wrote extensivly about Journalism Online , a new start up which plans to provide a tool to organisations for monetising web content .
On the other hand , innovative media experts like Cory Doctorow , Clay Shirky or Jeff Jarvis rarely get that much attention on the big media , although they are very successful with their blogs .
" When you see change coming , there are three ways to respond , " explains Jeff Jarvis .
" One is to ignore it , one is to try to stop it and the third is to find the opportunity in it .
But the innovators are overheard .
We see this all the time : big media is giving big media attention .
So the manifesto is important , because when some of the innovators come together , it is the only way that they get attention . "
Since the servers are still not so stable , we republish the Internet Manifesto here .
Internet Manifesto
How journalism works today .
Seventeen declarations
1 . The internet is different .
It produces different public spheres , different terms of trade and different cultural skills .
The media must adapt their work methods to today 's technological reality instead of ignoring or challenging it .
It is their duty to develop the best possible form of journalism based on the available technology .
This includes new journalistic products and methods .
2 . The internet is a pocket - sized media empire .
The web rearranges existing media structures by transcending their former boundaries and oligopolies .
The publication and dissemination of media contents are no longer tied to heavy investments .
Journalism 's self - conception is , fortunately , being bereft of its gatekeeping function .
All that remains is the journalistic quality through which journalism distinguishes itself from mere publication .
3 . The internet is our society is the internet .
Web - based platforms like social networks , Wikipedia or YouTube have become a part of everyday life for the majority of people in the western world .
They are as accessible as the telephone or television .
If media companies want to continue to exist , they must understand the world of today 's users and embrace their forms of communication .
This includes basic forms of social communication : listening and responding , also known as dialogue .
4 . The freedom of the internet is inviolable .
The internet 's open architecture constitutes the basic IT law of a society which communicates digitally and , consequently , of journalism .
It may not be modified for the sake of protecting the special commercial or political interests often hidden behind the pretense of public interest .
Regardless of how it is done , blocking access to the internet endangers the free flow of information and corrupts our fundamental right to a self - determined level of information .
5 . The internet is the victory of information .
Due to inadequate technology , media companies , research centres , public institutions and other organisations compiled and classified the world 's information up to now .
Today every citizen can set up her own personal news filter while search engines tap into a wealth of information of a magnitude never before known .
Individuals can now inform themselves better than ever .
6 . The internet changes improves journalism .
Through the internet , journalism can fulfil its socio- educational role in a new way .
This includes presenting information as an ever - changing , continual process ; the forfeiture of print media 's inalterability is a benefit .
Those who want to survive in this new world of information need a new idealism , new journalistic ideas and a sense of pleasure in exploiting this new potential .
7 . The net requires networking .
Links are connections .
We know each other through links .
Those who do not use them exclude themselves from social discourse .
This also holds for the websites of traditional media companies .
8 . Links reward , citations adorn .
Search engines and aggregators facilitate quality journalism : they boost the findability of outstanding content over a long - term basis and are thus an integral part of the new , networked public sphere .
References through links and citations — especially including those made without any consent of or even remuneration of the originator — make the very culture of networked social discourse possible in the first place .
They are by all means worthy of protection .
9 . The internet is the new venue for political discourse .
Democracy thrives on participation and freedom of information .
Transferring the political discussion from traditional media to the internet and expanding on this discussion by involving the active participation of the public is one of journalism 's new tasks .
10 . Today 's freedom of the press means freedom of opinion .
Article 5 of the German Constitution does not comprise protective rights for professions or traditional business models .
The internet overrides the technological boundaries between the amateur and professional .
This is why the privilege of freedom of the press must hold for anyone who can contribute to the fulfilment of journalistic duties .
Qualitatively speaking , no differentiation should be made between paid and unpaid journalism , but rather , between good and poor journalism .
11 . More is more – there is no such thing as too much information .
Once upon a time , institutions such as the church prioritised power over personal awareness and warned of an unsifted flood of information when the letterpress was invented .
On the other hand , pamphleteers , encyclopaedists and journalists proved that more information leads to more freedom , both for the individual as well as society as a whole .
To this day , nothing has changed in this respect .
12 . Tradition is not a business model .
Money can be made on the internet with journalistic content .
There are many examples of this today already .
Yet because the internet is fiercely competitive , business models have to be adapted to the structure of the net .
No one should try to abstain from this essential adaptation through policy - making geared to preserving the status quo .
Journalism needs open competition for the best refinancing solutions on the net , along with the courage to invest in the multifaceted implementation of these solutions .
13 . Copyright becomes a civic duty on the internet .
Copyright is a central cornerstone of information organization on the Internet .
Originators ' rights to decide on the type and scope of dissemination of their contents are also valid on the net .
At the same time , copyright may not be abused as a lever to safeguard obsolete supply mechanisms and shut out new distribution models or license schemes .
Ownership entails obligations .
14 . The internet has many currencies .
Journalistic online services financed through adverts offer content in exchange for a pull effect .
A reader 's , viewer 's or listener 's time is valuable .
In the industry of journalism , this correlation has always been one of the fundamental tenets of financing .
Other forms of refinancing which are journalistically justifiable need to be forged and tested .
15 .
What 's on the net stays on the net .
The internet is lifting journalism to a new qualitative level .
Online , text , sound and images no longer have to be transient .
They remain retrievable , thus building an archive of contemporary history .
Journalism must take the development of information , its interpretation and errors into account , i.e. , it must admit its mistakes and correct them in a transparent manner .
16 . Quality remains the most important quality .
The internet debunks homogeneous bulk goods .
Only those who are outstanding , credible and exceptional will gain a steady following in the long run .
Users ' demands have increased .
Journalism must fulfil them and abide by its own frequently formulated principles .
17 . All for all .
The web constitutes an infrastructure for social exchange superior to that of 20th century mass media : when in doubt , the " generation Wikipedia " is capable of appraising the credibility of a source , tracking news back to its original source , researching it , checking it and assessing it — alone or as part of a group effort .
Journalists who snub this and are unwilling to respect these skills are not taken seriously by internet users .
Rightly so .
The internet makes it possible to communicate directly with those once known as recipients — readers , listeners and viewers — and to take advantage of their knowledge .
It is not the ' know - it - all ' journalists who are in demand , but those who communicate and investigate .
My name is Jamie , and I 'm a horny Oryx .
I was wondering around the Garden of Eden one bright and beautiful morning .
I looked around at all the other beautiful animals , seeing a sexy young Impala who made my Oryx balls fill with a hot , steamy desire to discharge .
But really , that Impala was nothing .
I was looking for Adam .
Adam .
He 's a stallion .
A powerful , muscular stallion .
Every time I see him I just want to thrust my Oryx cock into his stallion ass so bad .
I imagine his big bushy tail whipping around my stomach as I thrust it in and out of him repeatedly .
There he is !
Oh Adam , my love .
Look at your big powerful shoulders ... your long distinguished snout and your enormous , slurping tongue !
You are truly the most dignified creature in the entire garden .
All creatures great and small bow down to you .
You and your rippled , muscular legs !
But what is this ?
It 's that foxy bitch , Eve .
That 's why you 're not paying attention to me .
I watch your tongue caress her long furry snout , orange hairs collecting in the saliva on your tongue .
Why is it you love that conniving , devious temptress when I would be forever yours ?
You 're kissing .
Your massive stallion tongue is filling her snout , bulging out from under her fangs .
She 's so tiny compared to you !
I 've got to do something ... I can't let this continue .
" Hey there sexy !
Adam ! Hello-o ! "
I say , wandering up to the stallion and fox locked in a passionate kiss .
" Piss off , ya fuckin ' wanker ! " screams Adam , kicking me in the face with his rear hoof .
I go tumbling down the path .
As the pain sets in while blood begins trickling down freshly opened wounds , I can't help but feel aroused .
Noticing that Adam was now consumed by his passionate lovemaking session with Eve , I mount him as best I can , stressing my forelimbs as hard as possible to get as high as I possibly can .
I begin rubbing my erect cock on Adam 's body , repeatedly catching the flap of skin between his rear leg and the rest of his body , and feeling the lovely tingling sensation of my dickhead caressing his soft fur .
As I thrust a few more times I feel my erect cock briefly touch his .
I 'm flung to the side with incredible force , crashing into a pine tree behind me .
As the needles stick into my skin painfully I can't help but feel further aroused .
My vision comes from a red blur back into focus , and I see Adam 's angry nostrils snorting at me , hard .
He begins beating me with his front hooves , neighing loudly .
" Wot the fuck did ya have to go and do that for then eh ? " he asks , taking a hoof across my face and opening up a long bloody gash .
He briefly relents , apparently waiting for an answer .
I sit there quietly as the blood accumulates , dripping down the side of my mouth .
As a droplet slips across my lips , I start licking it up with my tongue .
Mmm ... my own blood .
" What can I say , Adam ? " I begin , pausing to lick up a bit more of my blood .
" My cock 's not going to blow its load until I hump you silly "
Adam snorts loudly , turning around to jam his ass into my face .
As he lifts his tail up I catch sight of his big bulging testicles and long , erect dick .
However , I can't pay attention to them that long as soon as soon my entire body is covered with shit ...
Adam 's shit .
As I begin panicking at the pungent odor and the realization that I 'm covered with shit , I feel two hooves slam into my body , one in my face and one in my chest .
The force is enough to completely knock the wind out of me while simultaneously dazing me , and I quickly slip into unconsciousness .
--
I wake up with the stinging pain of shit smeared all over my festering sores .
Note to self : cease further advances on Adam .
Yeah , I 'm in a lot of pain here .
I begin wondering about infection .
I should probably go find a river to wash myself off in .
Just got to stand up first .
Yeah , ow .
Seriously , OW .
I notice the elbow joint on my front leg appears to have exposed bone .
And it 's covered in shit .
Jesus , Adam sure fucked me up good .
I can't get up .
I may as well just lie here covered in shit and die .
Oh look , it 's Eve .
What the fuck does that stupid bitch want ?
Get out of here .
" Oh my goodness , look at what Adam has done to you ! " she exclaims .
" Fuck off , you skanky little trollop , " I groan .
" Now there , " she coos , " do n't be such a little cunt .
Let me help you "
She crawls underneath my body , pushing up as hard as she can .
Yeah , like that 's going to get anything done there , you stupid shit .
I weigh like ... probably around ten times what you weigh .
I vainly try to stand , only to collapse on top of her .
She howls and yelps , until eventually I manage to roll over , unpinning her .
" You piece of shit ! " she screams .
" How could you do that ?
I was trying to help you "
" It 's your own damn fault , " I snort .
" That was your stupid idea , not mine "
She growls at me , which I 'd normally find pretty pathetic but I just got the shit beaten out of me and can't really defend myself right now .
" And to think I felt sorry for you , " she snaps .
" I 'm gonna go get Adam to come finish the job "
My only consolation is she looks ridiculous covered in shit .
Shit she rubbed off of me .
Fuck , I must look ridiculous covered in shit too .
I see her scamper off into the garden .
The pain overwhelms me to the point that I lie down , closing my eyes until endorphins neutralize the pain enough for me to be able to pass out .
--
I awaken with a hoof to the ribs .
Oh , hi there Adam .
" Did ya cover my Eve in shit ? "
Adam asks , snorting in a manner quite scary to a bloody , broken , shit - covered Oryx .
" Umm , no ? " I respond .
It always worked for Beavis and Butthead , right ?
" Apparently ya missed my message the first time .
It seems like ya got a wee bit of learning ta do still "
I feel Adam slip his hot , engorged phallus into my asshole .
Instant ecstasy shoots throughout my body , numbing my painful shit covered sores .
He begins pumping harder and harder .
I feel my sphincter and colon stretching in a pleasurably stinging manner .
His dick rubs repeatedly against my prostate , and I feel fluid beginning to leak out of my cock .
Suddenly , he pulls out .
" And let that be a lesson to ya ! " he shouts , running off into the garden .
Eve is standing there .
She has a perplexed look on her face .
" I wanted him to kill you . " she intones .
" Instead he assrapes you .
You probably got off on that shit , did n't you "
" Of course , " I respond proudly , or at least as proudly as I can while covered in shit .
" I'm a horny Oryx , after all "
" Those big bulging balls of yours , " she asks .
" Is that what 's making you misbehave "
" No , of course not ! " I scream with fear .
" Look at them ... how pathetic " she says , nuzzling her snout against my underside so as to expose my balls .
" How would you feel if I chewed them off "
" You evil bitch ! " I scream .
" E-vil ? " she asks .
" What is e-vil "
" You know , " I say , " Evil !
Things like chewing people 's balls off "
" I still do n't understand .
Can you explain more ? " she questions .
" Oh right , " I say .
" You have n't eaten from the tree "
" Tree ? " she asks .
" What tree "
" Why , the tree of the knowledge of good and evil ! " I say .
" It 's right next to you .
See , eat some fruit , and all will become clear "
Eve rears up onto her hind legs and snags a low - hanging apple .
After munching on it for a bit , her eyes fill with a scary passion .
She spontaneously drops the apple out of her mouth and snaps her jaws around my balls .
The pain of her fangs slicing through my testicles completely overwhelms all other senses in my body as my hearing ceases and my vision goes bright white .
The only sensation left in my body is the feeling of my dick going rock hard .
I sit in utter agony for a few moments before the pain once again overtakes me and I pass out yet again .
--
I awaken in the dusty wasteland surrounding the Garden of Eden .
Its tall hedges loom in the skyline , an impenetrable barrier protecting the garden from reentry .
I look around confused ... how did I get out here , and why ?
I 'm surrounded by dozens of other animals , all former denizens of the garden .
I see Adam and Eve as well , sobbing and reeling in shame .
The sexy young Impala is nudging me , asking me if I 'm alright .
I manage to creek onto my knees , my legs crying out in pain .
" What in the fuck just happened ? " I ask .
" God showed up , " said the Impala .
" You know , the lion guy .
He said Adam and Eve were forbidden to eat apples cause they 're evil .
And that some agent of evil gave Eve an apple and well , things fell apart from there .
Rumor has it that it was some snake .
We 're all gonna form a brute squad later and beat the shit out of that fucking snake "
" Oh yeah , totally ...
I saw a snake give her the apple , for sure "
" Hey look ! " screamed the Impala , " it 's the snake !
GET HIM "
A rhino , a tiger , an ocelot , and the Impala all go charging after the snake .
" It 'sssssss not me ! " the snake hissed .
" YOU IDIOTS ! " shouted Eve .
" It was n't the snake !
It was that fucking shit covered Oryx over there "
Oh fuck .
" GET HIM ! "
The absolute terror of fearing for my life is suddenly assuaged as I feel a rhino 's cock slide up my ass .
The tiger sticks his dick in my mouth , and the ocelot climbs under me and starts sucking on my balls .
The Impala starts sucking on my cock .
" Oh , I love you guys " , I say to them as we sink into a beautiful furry orgy .
--
THE END
Copyright
All photos and text copyright .
No part of this website or any part of the content , copy and images may be reproduced or re-distributed in any format without prior approval .
All you need to do is get in touch .
Thank you .
Houston is the capital of the American oil industry ; some in the industry even call it “ Rome ” since so much of the world ’s energy business is done here .
So it ’s not surprising that Houston - based oil employees would start to gather to make their voices heard as Congress considers climate change legislation — including cap - and - trade provisions , which would issue decreasing emissions allowances for industry and utilities , and then let companies trade their excess allowances .
The concept is not popular with many in the industry .
A downtown theater in Houston is expected to be crowded today ( live Web cast here ) with oil company workers who will hear speakers claim that the Waxman - Markey climate change bill , already passed by the House , will destroy millions of American jobs , raise costs for consumers , and do little or nothing to actually reduce greenhouse gas emissions linked to global warming .
“ It ’s a dangerous piece of legislation , ” James Hackett , chairman and chief executive of Anadarko Energy , which is busing employees to the event , told The Houston Chronicle .
Chevron invited employees and its retirees to the event as well , and is providing transportation , according to the newspaper .
Organizers say the event will be the first of many planned in 19 states in the coming weeks .
John Berger , the chief executive of Standard Renewable Energy , a Houston - based energy efficiency and solar company , said in a telephone interview this morning that the demonstrators needed to “ calm down . ”
“ I do n’t know what ’s got into his Wheaties , ” Mr. Berger said , referring to Mr. Hackett .
“ The next words I expect to hear out of him is that Texas should secede from the Union . ”
However , Mr. Berger also said that the intensity of the opposition was in a way good news for alternative energy — because it means that it ’s becoming big enough to worry about .
“ It ’s getting conventional , ” he said .
Corporate America , in fact , is divided on the bill , which passed the House in June , and will be considered by the Senate later this year .
Some corporations , including General Electric and Pacific Gas and Electric , have voiced support for it .
And even the oil industry is not united .
Shell has urged Congress to take action on climate change , and its executives have spoken out in favor of cap - and - trade .
Meet another creation of Russian home brew modders .
Now it ’s mini USB flash drive modded to look like steam punk creations .
It has moving parts that can be played with too .
To make it author had to visit the local rag fair and get some decent old - style clock gears and parts of old Soviet consumer electronic because it ’s also full of some amazingly looking parts .
Also he paid a visit to a department store and got some brass pipe .
The flash drive had to be fully functional with a connector rolling in and out by twisting the outer gear .
You can also get the high quality wallpaper with this thing :
source : modnews.ru
Welcome to the Lost Books
This part of the site listed all the Books seen and referenced on the show .
' Rogue Farm ' appeared in ' Live Without a Net ' ( ed Lou Anders , pub Roc 2003 ) .
It is copyright Charles Stross .
It has moved from this location on Best SF to http://www.bestsf.net/best-sf-presents/
Audrea and Jakub Juszczak , of Lismore , with their week - old baby Annikka and their son Jarvis , 22 months .
Audrea and Jakub Juszczak , of Lismore , with their week - old baby Annikka and their son Jarvis , 22 months .
Jacklyn Wagner
NORTH COAST midwives who attend homebirths could soon be out of a job after a Senate committee yesterday recommended all homebirth midwives be insured .
Midwives warn this would shut them down because no insurance company in Australia will cover homebirths .
Lismore midwife Audrea Juszczak , who gave birth to her second child on August 8 at home , says the health of women and newborns could be jeopardised if the Federal Government adopts yesterday 's recommendations from the Senate Standing Committee on Community Affairs .
Ms Juszczak said women intent on having their babies at home would no longer be able to access a registered midwife and would instead have to rely on unqualified help or ' go it alone ' .
“ I believe that in most circumstances homebirth is safe , but there are circumstances where intervention is necessary and someone who is not skilled may not pick up on those instances , ” Ms Juszczak said .
“ So potentially , in those few cases , it will be more dangerous for those women and those babies . ”
With the Government also considering $ 30,000 fines for uninsured midwives who helped with homebirths , Mrs Juszczak said she would stop delivering babies at home if insurance for midwives became compulsory .
Vicki McAllister , of the Northern Rivers Maternity Action Group , said insurance companies stopped insuring homebirth midwives in 2001 .
“ There was a $ 12 million payout against a Melbourne obstetrician and that led to a general blow - out for insurance covering births , ” she said .
“ The pool of independent midwives was so small that it was n't financially viable for insurance companies to hold a policy for them . ”
Ms McAllister said women opting for home births were told midwives were uninsured and sometimes were asked to sign a disclaimer .
“ But even if the midwife can't gain insurance , she is still registered ( with the NSW Nurses and Midwives Board ) so you know that the woman has a particular level of expertise and experience , ” she said .
“ The impact of this is that women will no longer be able to access a registered midwife for a homebirth , so basically it opens up the door to unsafe practice for women in homebirths . ”
Ms McAllister said some registered midwives might choose to become unregistered and continue delivering babies , but she was frightened unqualified women would begin offering to oversee homebirths
“ How will you know that the person coming to you is actually trained ?
This might create a situation where anyone could claim to be a homebirth midwife , ” she said .
“ There will be no way of regulating the standard of care provided by midwives . ”
She said it would also discourage some women from having homebirths .
“ This will shut down choice because a lot of midwives wo n't want to practice unregistered , ” she said
Byron midwife Sue Cookson , who has delivered more than 400 babies at home in 27 years , said she did not oppose compulsory insurance for midwives , but she is calling on the Federal Government to underwrite their insurance .
“ I have faith that the issue will be dealt with .
There are a lot of women working very hard to change this , ” she said .
Index | Homepage | Good Links | Bad Links | Search | Guestbook / Forum
Other Western Élites
The World Central Bank : The Bank for International Settlements
Address : The Tower of Basel - Centralbahnplatz 2 , 4051 , Basel , Switzerland
http://www.bis.org/about/baselmap.htm
This page is the fruit of research for the UK Green Party 's economics group for their 2001 mini-conference in Manchester .
The BIS is the most obscure arm of the Bretton - Woods International Financial architecture but its role is central .
John Maynard Keynes wanted it closed down as it was used to launder money for the Nazis in World War II .
Run by an inner elite representing the world 's major central banks it controls most of the transferable money in the world .
It uses that money to draw national governments into debt for the IMF .
Unraveling the Basel Capital Accord
05Aug03 - Bank watching in Basel
All pictures on this page are by Richard Janssen
I was on business - travel from city to city in Switzerland .
After the work in Basel I went straight to the BIS to see the buildings in real life .
In Basel , I noticed that there are two BIS - buildings , about a kilometer from eachother .
The ' Botta ' - building at the Aeschenplatz is a former UBS - bank .
It has a door with the ABN - Amro - bank next door , very strange .
ABN - Amro has a indoor connection with BIS , I saw it with my own two eyes !
After that I went to Geneva via Evian .
Evian - les - Bains in France was also a place worth to visit .
I did n't dare to take pictures of some particular buildings , because through my remarkable behavior in Basel I was followed by Securitas people everywhere I went .
There was no place in Switzerland where I had to introduce myself , because Securitas already knew me in advance .
Of course I have been at ' Place des Nations ' , where all the global organisations are based .
Also I 've been in the most - shattered bank in Geneva : the UBS - headquarters , it was full of nasty punchholes in the glass windows because of the quite recent demonstrations .
Swiss people were really flabbergasted , because such demonstration of hooligans at the anti-globalists demonstrations are new to them .
Everywhere I went , I was protected by Securitas .
' Big Bro Securitas ' was watching me all the time .
I enjoyed every minute of it , because of the predictable manners of Securitas - employees .
Also in Bern I was heavily protected by Securitas .
Back in Basel I went into the BIS building at the Central Station Place to try to open a bank - account .
At that moment there was a press - conference going on , how strange .
The Securitas - guy in front of the building recognized me , so he did n't ask a thing and let me go to do what I want to do .
I asked the receptionist to open a bank account , but he lied to me that BIS is a private - bank .
After that I went to the Aeschenplatz and went in .
The receptionist told me frankly that the B.I.S. " IS NOT A BANK " .
Thanks , lady receptionist , that was exactly what I wanted to hear , that BIS is not a bank .
Now it is confirmed by this BIS - employee !
Ruling the World of Money
by Edward Jay Epstein - 1983 Harpers Magazine
reprinted from Monetary Reform Magazine - Canada
website : http://www.monetary-reform.on.ca/main.shtml
email : editor@monetary-reform.on.ca
TEN TIMES A YEAR - once a month except in August and October - a small group of well dressed men arrives in Basel , Switzerland .
Carrying overnight bags and attaché cases , they discreetly check into the Euler Hotel , across from the railroad station .
They have come to this sleepy city from places as disparate as Tokyo , London , and Washington , D.C. , for the regular meeting of the most exclusive , secretive , and powerful supranational club in the world .
Each of the dozen or so visiting members has his own office at the club , with secure telephone lines to his home country .
The members are fully serviced by a permanent staff of about 300 , including chauffeurs , chefs , guards , messengers , translators , stenographers , secretaries , and researchers .
Also at their disposal are a brilliant research unit and an ultramodern computer , as well as a secluded country club with tennis courts and a swimming pool , a few kilometres outside of Basel .
The membership of this club is restricted to a handful of powerful men who determine daily the interest rate , the availability of credit , and the money supply of the banks in their own countries .
They include the governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve , the Bank of England , the Bank of Japan , the Swiss National Bank , and the German Bundesbank .
The club controls a bank with a $ 40 billion kitty in cash , government securities , and gold that constitutes about one tenth of the world 's available foreign exchange .
The profits earned just from renting out its hoard of gold ( second only to that of Fort Knox in value ) are more than sufficient to pay for the expenses of the entire organization .
And the unabashed purpose of its elite monthly meetings is to coordinate and , if possible , to control all monetary activities in the industrialized world .
The place where this club meets in Basel is a unique financial institution called the Bank for International Settlements - or more simply , and appropriately , the BIS ( pronounced " biz " in German ) .
THE BIS was originally established in May 1930 by bankers and diplomats of Europe and the United States to collect and disburse Germany 's World War I reparation payments ( hence its name ) .
It was truly an extraordinary arrangement .
Although the BIS was organized as a commercial bank with publicly held shares , its immunity from government interference - and taxes in both peace and war was guaranteed by an international treaty signed in The Hague in 1930 .
Although all its depositors are central banks , the BIS has made a profit on every transaction .
And because it has been highly profitable , it has required no subsidy or aid from any government .
Since it also provided , in Basel , a safe and convenient repository for the gold holdings of the European central banks , it quickly evolved into the bank for central banks .
As the world depression deepened in the Thirties and financial panics flared up in Austria , Hungary , Yugoslavia , and Germany , the governors in charge of the key central banks feared that the entire global financial system would collapse unless they could closely coordinate their rescue efforts .
The obvious meeting spot for this desperately needed coordination was the BIS , where they regularly went anyway to arrange gold swaps and war - damage settlements .
Even though an isolationist Congress officially refused to allow the U.S. Federal Reserve to participate in the BIS , or to accept shares in it ( which were instead held in trust by the First National City Bank ) , the chairman of the Fed quietly slipped over to Basel for important meetings .
World monetary policy was evidently too important to leave to national politicians .
During World War II , when the nations , if not their central banks , were belligerents , the BIS continued operating in Basel , though the monthly meetings were temporarily suspended .
In 1944 , following Czech accusations that the BIS was laundering gold that the Nazis had stolen from occupied Europe , the American government backed a resolution at the Bretton Woods Conference calling for the liquidation of the BIS .
The naive idea was that the settlement and monetary - clearing functions it provided could be taken over by the new International Monetary Fund .
What could not be replaced , however , was what existed behind the mask of an international clearing house : a supranational organization for setting and implementing global monetary strategy , which could not be accomplished by a democratic , United Nations - like international agency .
The central bankers , not about to let their club be taken from them , quietly snuffed out the American resolution .
After World War II , the BIS reemerged as the main clearing house for European currencies and , behind the scenes , the favored meeting place of central bankers .
When the dollar came under attack in the 1960s , massive swaps of money and gold were arranged at the BIS for the defence of the American currency .
It was undeniably ironic that , as the president of the BIS observed , " the United States , which had wanted to kill the BIS , suddenly finds it indispensable . "
In any case , the Fed has become a leading member of the club , with either Chairman Paul Volcker or Governor Henry Wallich attending every " Basel weekend . "
" It was in the wood - paneled rooms above the shop and the hotel that decisions were reached to devalue or defend currencies , to fix the price of gold , to regulate offshore banking , and to raise or lower short - term interest rates . "
ORIGINALLY , the central bankers sought complete anonymity for their activities .
Their headquarters were in an abandoned six - storey hotel , the Grand et Savoy Hotel Universe , with an annex above the adjacent Frey 's Chocolate Shop .
There purposely was no sign over the door identifying the BIS so visiting central bankers and gold dealers used Frey 's , which is across the street from the railroad station , as a convenient landmark .
It was in the wood - paneled rooms above the shop and the hotel that decisions were reached to devalue or defend currencies , to fix the price of gold , to regulate offshore banking , and to raise or lower short - term interest rates .
And though they shaped " a new world economic order " through these deliberations ( as Guido Carli , then the governor of the Italian central bank , put it ) , the public , even in Basel , remained almost totally unaware of the club and its activities .
In May 1977 , however , the BIS gave up its anonymity , against the better judgement of some of its members , in exchange for more efficient headquarters .
The new building , an eighteen - story - high circular skyscraper that rises over the medieval city like some misplaced nuclear reactor , quickly became known as the " Tower of Basel " and began attracting attention from tourists .
" That was the last thing we wanted , " Dr. Fritz Leutwiler , current president of both the BIS and the Swiss National Bank , explained to me while watching currency changes flash across the Reuters screen in his office .
" If it had been up to me , it never would have been built . "
Despite its irksome visibility , the new headquarters does have the advantages of luxurious space and Swiss efficiency .
The building is completely air - conditioned and self - contained , with its own nuclear - bomb shelter in the sub - basement , a triply redundant fire - extinguishing system ( so outside firemen never have to be called in ) , a private hospital , and some twenty miles of subterranean archives .
" We try to provide a complete clubhouse for central bankers ... a home away from home , " said Gunther Schleiminger , the super - competent general manager , as he arranged a rare tour of the headquarters for me .
The top floor , with a panoramic view of three countries - Germany , France , and Switzerland - is a deluxe restaurant , used only to serve the members a buffet dinner when they arrive on Sunday evenings to begin the " Basel weekends . "
Aside from those ten occasions , this floor remains ghostly empty .
On the floor below , Schleiminger and his small staff sit in spacious offices , administering the day - to - day details of the BIS and monitoring activities on lower floors as if they were running an out - of - season hotel .
The next three floors down are suites of offices reserved for the central bankers .
All are decorated in three colors - beige , brown , and tan - and each has a similar modernistic lithograph over the desk .
Each office also has coded speed - dial telephones that at a push of a button directly connect the club members to their offices in their central banks back home .
The completely deserted corridors and empty offices - with nameplates on the doors and freshly sharpened pencils in cups and neat stacks of incoming papers on the desks - are again reminiscent of a ghost town .
When the members arrive for their forthcoming meeting in November , there will be a remarkable transformation , according to Schleiminger , with multilingual receptionists and secretaries at every desk , and constant meetings and briefings .
On the lower floors are the BIS computer , which is directly linked to the computers of the member central banks , and provides instantaneous access to data about the global monetary situation , and the actual bank , where eighteen traders , mainly from England and Switzerland , continually roll over short - term loans on the Eurodollar markets and guard against foreign - exchange losses ( by simultaneously selling the currency in which the loan is due ) .
On yet another floor , gold traders are constantly on the telephone arranging loans of the bank 's gold to international arbitragers , thus allowing central banks to make interest on gold deposits .
Occasionally there is an extraordinary situation , such as the decision to sell gold for the Soviet Union , which requires a decision from the " governors , " as the BIS staff calls the central bankers .
But most of the banking is routine , computerized , and riskless .
Indeed , the BIS is prohibited by its statutes from making anything but short - term loans - most are for thirty days or less - that are government - guaranteed or backed with gold deposited at the BIS .
The profits the BIS receives for essentially turning over the billions of dollars deposited by the central banks amounted to $ 162 million last year .
AS SKILLED as the BIS may be at all this , the central banks themselves have highly competent staff capable of investing their deposits .
The German Bundesbank , for example , has a superb international trading department and 15,000 employees - at least twenty times as many as the BIS staff .
Why then do the Bundesbank and the other central banks transfer some $ 40 billion of deposits to the BIS and thereby permit it to make such a profit ?
One answer is , of course , secrecy .
By commingling part of their reserves in what amounts to a gigantic mutual fund of short - term investments , the central banks create a convenient screen behind which they can hide their own deposits and withdrawals in financial centers around the world .
For example , if the BIS places funds in Hungary , the individual central banks do not have to answer to their governments for investing in a communist country .
And the central banks are apparently willing to pay a high fee to use the cloak of the BIS .
There is , however , a far more important reason why the central banks regularly transfer deposits to the BIS : they want to provide it with a large profit to support the other services it provides .
Despite its name , the BIS is far more .
than a bank .
From the outside , it seems to be a small , technical organization .
Just eighty - six of its 298 employees are ranked as professional staff .
But the BIS is not a monolithic institution : artfully concealed within the shell of an international bank , like a series of Chinese boxes one inside another , are the real groups and services the central bankers need -- and pay to support .
The first box inside the bank is the board of directors , drawn from the eight European central banks ( England , Switzerland , Germany , Italy , France , Belgium , Sweden , and the Netherlands ) , which meets on the Tuesday morning of each " Basel weekend . "
The board also meets twice a year in Basel with the central banks of Yugoslavia , Poland , Hungary , and other Eastern bloc nations .
It provides a formal apparatus for dealing with European governments and international bureaucracies like the IMF or the European Economic Community ( the Common Market ) .
The board defines the rules and territories of the central banks with the goal of preventing governments from meddling in their purview .
For example , a few years ago , when the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris appointed a low - level committee to study the adequacy of bank reserves , the central bankers regarded it as poaching on their monetary turf and turned to the BIS board for assistance .
The board then arranged for a high - level committee , under the head of Banking Supervision at the Bank of England , to preempt the issue .
The OECD got the message and abandoned its effort .
To deal with the world at large , there is another Chinese box called the Group of Ten , or simply the " G - 10 . "
It actually has eleven full - time members , representing the eight European central banks , the U.S. Fed , the Bank of Canada , and the Bank of Japan .
it also has one unofficial member : the governor of the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority .
This powerful group , which controls most of the transferable money in the world , meets for long sessions on the Monday afternoon of the " Basel weekend . "
It is here that broader policy issues , such as interest rates , money - supply growth , economic stimulation ( or suppression ) , and currency rates are discussed - if not always resolved .
Directly under the G - 10 , and catering to all its special needs , is a small unit called the " Monetary and Economic Development Department , " which is , in effect , its private think tank .
The head of this unit , the Belgian economist Alexandre Lamfalussy , sits in on all the G - 10 meetings , then assigns the appropriate research and analysis to the half dozen economists on his staff .
This unit also produces the occasional blue - bound " economic papers " that provide central bankers from Singapore to Rio de Janeiro , even though they are not BIS members , with a convenient party line .
For example , a recent paper called " Rules versus Discretion : An Essay on Monetary Policy in an Inflationary Environment , " politely defused the Milton Friedmanesque dogma and suggested a more pragmatic form of monetarism .
And last May , just before the Williamsburg summit conference , the unit released a blue book on currency intervention by central banks that laid down the boundaries and circumstances for such actions .
When there are internal disagreements , these blue books can express positions sharply contrary to those held by some BIS members , but generally they reflect a consensus of the G - 10 .
OVER A BRATWURST - AND - BEER lunch on the top floor of the Bundesbank , which is located in a huge concrete building ( called " the bunker " ) outside of Frankfurt , Karl Otto Pöhl , its president and a ranking governor of the BIS , complained to me about the repetitiousness of the meetings during the " Basel weekend . "
" First there is the meeting on the Gold Pool , then , after lunch , the same faces show up at the G - 10 , and the next day there is the board [ which excludes the U.S. , Japan , and Canada ] , and the European Community meeting [ which excludes Sweden and Switzerland from the previous group ] . "
He concluded : " They are long and strenuous - and they are not where the real business gets done . "
This occurs , as Pöhl explained over our leisurely lunch , at still another level of the BIS : " a sort of inner club , " as he put it .
The inner club is made up of the half dozen or so powerful central bankers who find themselves more or less in the same monetary boat : along with Pöhl are Volcker and Wallich from the Fed , Leutwiler from the Swiss National Bank , Lamberto Dini of the Bank of Italy , Haruo Mayekawa of the Bank of Japan , and the retired governor of the Bank of England , Lord Gordon Richardson ( who had presided over the G - 10 meetings for the past ten years ) .
They are all comfortable speaking English ; indeed , Pöhl recounted how he has found himself using English with Leutwiler , though both are of course native German - speakers .
And they all speak the same language when it comes to governments , having shared similar experiences .
Pöhl and Volcker were both undersecretaries of their respective treasuries ; they worked closely with each other , and with Lord Richardson , in the futile attempts to defend the dollar and the pound in the 1960s .
Dini was at the IMF in Washington , dealing with many of the same problems .
Pöhl had worked closely with Leutwiler in neighboring Switzerland for two decades .
" Some of us are very old friends , " Pöhl said .
Far more important , these men all share the same set of well - articulated values about money .
The prime value , which also seems to demarcate the inner club from the rest of the BIS members , is the firm belief that central banks should act independently of their home governments .
This is an easy position for Leutwiler to hold , since the Swiss National Bank is privately owned ( the only central bank that is not government owned ) and completely autonomous .
( " I do n't think many people know the name of the president of Switzerland - even in Switzerland , " Pöhl joked , " but everyone in Europe has heard of Leutwiler . " )
Almost as independent is the Bundesbank ; as its president , Pöhl is not required to consult with government officials or to answer the questions of Parliament - even about such critical issues as raising interest rates .
He even refuses to fly to Basel in a government plane , preferring instead to drive in his Mercedes limousine .
The Fed is only a shade less independent than the Bundesbank : Volcker is expected to make periodic visits to Congress and at least to take calls from the White House - but he need not follow their counsel .
While in theory the Bank of Italy is under government control , in practice it is an elite institution that acts autonomously and often resists the government .
( In 1979 , its then governor , Paolo Baffi , was threatened with arrest , but the inner club , using unofficial channels , rallied to his support . )
Although the exact relationship between the Bank of Japan and the Japanese government purposely remains inscrutable , even to the BIS governors , its chairman , Mayekawa , at least espouses the principle of autonomy .
Finally , though the Bank of England is under the thumb of the British government , Lord Richardson was accepted by the inner club because of his personal adherence to this defining principle .
But his successor , Robin Leigh - Pemberton , lacking the years of business and personal contact , probably wo n't be admitted to the inner circle .
In any case , the line is drawn at the Bank of England .
The Bank of France is seen as a puppet of the French government ; to a lesser degree , the remaining European banks are also perceived by the inner club as extensions of their respective governments , and thus remain on the outside .
A second and closely related belief of the inner club is that politicians should not be trusted to decide the fate of the international monetary system .
When Leutwiler became president of the BIS in 1982 , he insisted that no government official be allowed to visit during a " Basel weekend . "
He recalled that in 1968 , U.S. Treasury undersecretary Fred Deming had been in Basel and stopped in at the bank .
" When word got around that an American Treasury official was at the BIS , " Leutwiler said , " bullion traders , speculating that the U.S. was about to sell its gold , began a panic in the market . "
Except for the annual meeting in June ( called " the Jamboree " by the staff ) , when the ground floor of the BIS headquarters is open to official visitors , Leutwiler has tried to enforce his rule strictly .
" To be frank , " he told me , " I have no use for politicians .
They lack the judgement of central bankers . "
This effectively sums up the common antipathy of the inner club toward " government muddling , " as Pöhl puts it .
The inner-club members also share a strong preference for pragmatism and flexibility over any ideology , whether that of Lord Keynes or Milton Friedman .
For this reason , there was considerable apprehension last spring that Paul Volcker would be replaced by a supply - side ideologue like Beryl Sprinkel , and considerable relief when he was reappointed for another term .
Rather than resorting to rhetoric and invoking principles , the inner club seeks any remedy that will relieve a crisis .
For example , earlier this year , when Brazil failed to pay back on time a BIS loan that was guaranteed by the central banks , the inner club quietly decided to extend the deadline instead of collecting the money from guarantors .
" We are constantly engaged in a balancing act - without a safety net , " Leutwiler explained .
THE FINAL AND by far the most important belief of the inner club is the conviction that when the bell tolls for any single central bank it tolls for them all .
When Mexico faced bankruptcy last year , for instance , the issue for the inner club was not the welfare of that country but , as Dini put it , " the stability of the entire banking system . "
For months Mexico had been borrowing overnight funds from the interbank market in New York - as every bank recognized by the Fed is permitted to do - to pay the interest on its $ 80 billion external debt .
Each night it had to borrow more money to repay the interest on the previous nights transactions , and , according to Dini , by August Mexico had borrowed nearly one quarter of all the " Fed Funds , " as these overnight loans between banks are called .
The Fed was caught in a dilemma : if it suddenly stepped in and forbade Mexico from further using the interbank market , Mexico would be unable to repay its enormous debt the next day , and 25 percent of the entire banking system 's ready funds might be frozen .
But if the Fed permitted Mexico to continue borrowing in New York , in a matter of months it would suck in most of the interbank funds , forcing the Fed to expand drastically the supply of money .
It was clearly an emergency for the inner club .
After speaking to Miguel Mancera , director of the Banco de Mexico , Volcker immediately called Leutwiler , who was vacationing in the Swiss mountain village of Grison .
Leutwiler realized that the entire system was confronted by a financial time bomb : even though the IMF was prepared to extend $ 4.5 billion to Mexico to relieve the pressure on its long - term debt , it would require months of paperwork to get approval for the loan .
And Mexico needed an immediate fix of $ 1.85 billion to get out of the interbank market , which Mancera had agreed to do .
But in less than forty - eight hours , Leutwiler had called the members of the inner club and arranged the temporary bridging loan .
While this $ 1.85 billion appeared - at least in the financial press - to have come from the BIS , virtually all the funds came from the central banks in the inner club .
Half came directly from the United States - $ 600 million from the Treasury 's exchange - equalization fund and $ 325 million from the Fed 's coffers ; the remaining $ 925 million mainly from the deposits of the Bundesbank , Swiss National Bank , Bank of England , Bank of Italy , and Bank of Japan , deposits that were specifically guaranteed by these central banks , though advanced pro forma by the BIS ( with a token amount advanced by the BIS itself against the collateral of Mexican gold ) .
The BIS undertook virtually no risk in this rescue operation ; it merely provided a convenient cloak for the inner club .
Otherwise , its members , especially Volcker , would have had to take the political heat individually for what appeared to be the rescue of an underdeveloped country .
In fact , they were - true to their paramount values - rescuing the banking system itself .
On August 31 of this year , Mexico repaid the BIS loan .
But the bailout was only a temporary , if not pyrrhic , victory .
With the multibillion - dollar debts of a score of other countries - including Argentina , Chile , Venezuela , Brazil , Zaire , the Philippines , Poland , Yugoslavia , Hungary , and even Israel - hanging like so many swords of Damocles over its sacred monetary system , the inner club has " no choice , " as Leutwiler has concluded , but to remain a crisis manager .
This new role has created considerable concern among the outer circle , and even in the Bank of England , since the members who do n't entirely share the mentality of the inner club want the BIS to remain primarily a European institution .
" Let the Fed worry about Brazil and the rest of Latin America - that is not the job of the BIS , " a blunt representative of the Bank of England , definitely not part of the inner club , told me .
Others at the BIS have argued that it does not have the experience or facilities to become " a mini-IMF - putting out fires around the world , " as one staffer described it .
To mollify such dissent on the periphery , inner club members publicly pay lip service to the ideal of preserving the character of the BIS and not turning it into a lender of last resort for the world at large .
Privately , however , they will undoubtedly continue their maneuvers to protect the banking system at whatever point in the world it seems most vulnerable .
After all , it is ultimately the central banks ' money at risk , not the BIS's .
And the inner club will also keep using the BIS as its public mask - and pay the requisite price for the disguise .
The next meeting of the inner club is Monday , November 7 .....
Edward Jay Epstein is the author of The Rise and Fall of Diamonds , Legend : The Secret World of Lee Harvey Oswald , and News From Nowhere .
He also has written a book on international deception .
UPDATE ( 9 years later ) -
Investor 's Business Daily , May 1 , 1992 summed up the character of the BIS in an article entitled :
Why a Global Credit Crunch ?
Some say Little - known BIS
Is Partly to Blame - Despite its global anonymity , the BIS is one of the most powerful financial institutions in the world ...
In the book Global Financial Integration : the End of Geography , author Richard F. O'Brien further confirms the powerful role of the BIS :
In the financial marketplace , the trend towards some sort of global governance is best represented by the efforts of bank supervisors under the aegis of the Bank for International Settlements in Basel to impose common minimum capital requirements on banks ... and to integrate and coordinate the supervision of banking , securities markets and insurance ...
Financial World Magazine - February 16 , 1993 " Where Has All the Money Gone ? " explains how the BIS has more recently flexed its muscle :
Even before Japan 's equity markets began to contract , regulations put into effect in 1988 by the Bank of International Settlement 's Committee on Banking regulation and Supervisory Practices had begun to exact a particularly heavy toll on Japanese lenders .
Those regulations require the world 's bankers to raise their underlying asset bases , the money against which they lend , to 8 % to total capital , more than double the asset average of the 1980's .- J Epstein
Carrol Quigley - the bankers ' plan
" The Power of financial capitalism had [ a ] far reaching plan , nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole .
This system was to be controlled in a feudalistic fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert , by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences .
The apex of the system was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel , Switzerland , a private bank owned and controlled by the world 's central banks , which were themselves private corporations .
Each central bank sought to dominate its government by its ability to control treasury loans , to manipulate foreign exchanges , to influence the level of economic activity in the country , and to influence co-operative politicians by subsequent rewards in the business world . "
Carrol Quigley , Tragedy and Hope , 1966 - [ Bill Clinton 's mentor and Georgetown University professor ]
THE NETWORK
Alfred Mendez < alfred.mendes@virgin.net >-
See also Alfred Mendez ' article AN UNCOMMON VIEW OF THE BIRTH OF AN UNCOMMON MARKET on my Bilderberg History page
The wealth of the country flees the land
Like cottonseed on a wind
Blown by the fetid breath
Of money - pimps in Bedlam
Pursuing the creed of masters
Who worship a market freed
Of all restraints on greed -
While politicians posture
And feed on delusions of power
The above graph [ could n't reproduce it here , see below ed. ] was created in order to bestow meaning in simplistic , delineated form to such terms as ' free market ' , ' new world order ' and ' globalisation ' - terms that have dominated political / economic terminology over the past two decades - or - so , and the fact that it focusses on banks and bankers ( a profession endowed with the aura of authority in the eyes of the public ) is quite simply because , without money , those terms are meaningless .
Indeed , the title itself emphasises the role of money : After all , what is a banker if he 's not a trader in money ?
Similarly , ' globalisation ' would be equally meaningless if such politically omnipotent groups as the Bilderberg Group and the Trilateral Commission were not taken into account when assessing it's ( globalisation 's ) significance .
Moreover , how is it possible to disassociate banker from politician from businessman when , at times , one individual is all three - and , in any case , they are constituent parts of a single entity : the corporate establishment ?
Hence the inclusion of these two groups withinthe graph .
The Bilderberg ( or BB from now on ) was formed in 1954 out of the need of corporate America to ensure cohesion of purpose on the part of its European partners in the recently formed North Atlantic Alliance ( NATO ) - the twin aim being to facilitate the flow of American capital into the region , and to bring Germany into the Alliance ( against , it should be noted , the wishes of many of its partners ) .
That it is a group endowed with enormous political clout can be attested to by : ( 1 ) examination of the lists of committee members and conference attendees over the years - together with the gravity and importance of the subjects discussed at these conferences ( NATO , understandably , being repeatedly a key subject ) ; and ( 2 ) these conferences take place under very strict security cover supplied by the respective host countries - even though implicit within the structure of this cabal is its unaccountable , secretive nature .
The Trilateral Commission ( or TRI from now on ) was formed in 1973 , its agenda determined by the corporate - funded Brookings Institute and the Kettering Foundation - with not -a- little - help from David Rockefeller of the Chase / Manhattan Bank .
That its projected formation should have been so enthusiastically acclaimed by the BB Conference in Knokke ( Belgium ) in 1972 should cause no surprise .
Both corporate - controlled organisations , with linked membership , they shared the same aim : increasing globalisation of their wealth and power .
Certainly , the BB with its total lack of any ' democratic accountability ' , must be in agreement with the TRI 's declaration ( published in their " The crisis of Democracy " ) that what the West needs most " is a greater degree of moderation in democracy " .
Though , on second thoughts , the former probably thinks the ' the degree of moderation ' somewht understated !
A further examination of both graph and list of bankers ' names reveals that , of the banking organisations , the Banks for International Settlements ( or BIS from now on ) is self - evidently of prime importance on the international scene - not only because of its prestigious membership ( embracing as it does the head bankers of the leading industrial nations ) - but also because of the significance of its links with other groups .
This article will focus on it , at the expense of the other better - known banking institutions , for two reasons : ( 1 ) its prime ranking in the international hierarchy ; and ( 2 ) so little knowledge of it is in the public domain .
The BIS is the world 's oldest international financial institution , having been set up in 1930 with the twin aim of ( 1 ) coping with reparations / loans from / to a very unstable post - World War one Germany ; and ( 2 ) more importantly , to act as a forum for central bankers in the future .
As such , it was the epitome of supranationality - able to circumvent all those orthodox ideals that had , over the years , become synonymous with the concept of the ' nation state ' - such as ' love of country ' , ' patriotism ' etc. , - the danger , of course , being that , in certain circumstances ( such as a state of war ) , such circumvention of patriotism by any of its board members could lead to them being accused of treasonable offences .
In order to appreciate what followed , it is essential to offer a brief resumé of the political / economic situation at the turn of the century : the Industrial Revolution , having fostered the rapid growth of a capitalist economy , inevitably gave birth to an ideal / dogma exposing the socio-political discord inherent within that same system which was based on the concept of one comparatively small group of people garnering profit from the wealth created by the labor of a much larger group .
Thus was Marxism born - leading to the Bolshevik revolution in 1917 .
The USSR , now perceived by the industrial nations as representing the very antithesis of capitalism , was henceforth ' the enemy ' .
The ' cold war ' had begun , and its most blatant expression was the birth of fascism in the aftermath of the Bolshevik revolution - a birth both induced and nurtured by corporations such as I.G.
Farben , SKF , Ford , ITT and Du Pont - corporation which were fast becoming multi-national in nature .. Enter BIS .
Set up in 1930 ( see above ) , it consisted , initially , of a group of 6 central banks and a ' financial institution of the USA ' .
Granted a constitution charter by Switzerland , it was henceforth based in that country .
That America was by then a financial force to be reckoned with on the international scene is borne out by the fact that the first President appointed to the BIS was Gates W. McGarrah ( ex - Chase National Bank & Federal Reserve Bank ) .
By the late 1930 's the BIS had assumed an openly pro-Nazi bias - much of it disclosed by Charles Higham in his book " Trading With the Enemy " , and years later corroborated by a BBC Timewatch film " Banking With Hitler " ( broadcast in late ' 98 ) .
Two examples of such bias ( there were many more ) were : ( 1 ) The BIS had arranged transfers into the account of the German 's Reichbank of $ 378 million of what was , in effect , gold looted from the coffers of the invaded countries of Austria , Czechoslovakia , Holland and Belgium ; and ( 2 ) in the summer of 1942 , plans for the projected American invasion of Algeria were leaked to the governor of the French National Bank , who immediately contacted his German colleague in the BIS , SS Gruppenfuehrer Baron Kurt von Schroder ( of the Stein Bank of Cologne ) , and by transferring 9 billion gold francs to Algiers - via the BIS - the Germans and their French subsidiaries made a killing of some $ 175 million in this dollar - exchange scam .
Given the membership of the BIS at that time , this was hardly surprising .
On the board were the following high - profile representatives of the Axis powers ( there were 4 others ) : Walther Funk ( Pres. of the Reichbank ) ; Kurt von Schroder ( above ) ; Dr. Hermann Schmitz ( Jt.Chm. of I.G. Farben ) ; Emil Puhl ( V / Pres. of the Reichbank ) ; Yoneji Yamamoto ; and Dr. V. Azzolini ( Gov. Bank of Italy ) .
It should be added that , of the non-Axis members on the board , many - such as Montagu Norman ( Gov. of the Bank of England ) were Nazi sympathisers , and that the President of the BIS from 1939 to 1946 was Thomas McKittrick , an American corporate lawyer who had been both Director of Lee , Higginson & Co. ( a company which had made substantial loans to the Third Reich ) and Chairman of the British - American Chamber of Commerce in London .
His continued presidency of the BIS after America 's entry into the war in December1941 was approved by Germany and Italy with this significant addendum to their note of authorisation : " McKittrick 's opinions are safely known to us " .
With the above noted disclosures in mind , the policy of appeasement pursued by Britain and France towards Germany in the pre-war period can now be more readily understood .
By concluding a pact with Hitler , Britain and France - in effect - gave him the green light to advance eastwards ( ref. " Mein Kampf " ) .
Furthermore , the fact that they shared his endemic anti-communism blinded them to the risk that they were running by negotiating from a position of comparative military weakness - of which Hitler was perfectly aware - and for which they paid a heavy price .
It should also be added that the architect of this act of appeasement , Prime Minister Chamberlain , was a shareholder in ICI , which had ties with I.G. Farben .
In the late '30's , and more particularly during World War 2 , given America 's great wealth - as opposed to Europe 's straitened circumstances - it was inevitable that the trade between the two would be of a one - way nature , from the former to the latter .
And not surprisingly , in view of the close relationship between American and German corporations ( as noted above ) , a substantial portion of supplies went to Germany - often via fascist Spain - by ship and tanker under flags of neutrality .
Many of the financial arrangements covering such trade were handled by BIS in neutral Basle .
As an example of how substantial this trade was : in mid-' 44 Am , erica was supplying Germany with 48 thousand tons of oil , and 11 hundred tons of much - needed wolfram ( tungsten ) per month !
The fact that this trade was illegal in the USA for much of this period - and particularly after America 's entry into the war in December ' 41 - did little to stop such trade .
The large corporations , such as Standard Oil and ITT , saw to that .
After all , then - as now - the US Administration was effectively under corporate control ( as it has been since 1933 , during FDR 's term of office ) .
Even the Secretary of Treasury , Henry Morgenthau , and his Assistant , Harry Dexter White , aware as they well were of the part played by BIS in this , could do little about it .
In July ' 44 , 730 delegates from 44 countries met at Bretton Woods to plan a framework for post - war international trade , payments and investments - a conference which subsequently resulted in the setting up in '47 of both the International Bank for Reconstruction & Development ( IBRD , or World Bank ) and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
The apparent inviolability of the BIS referred to above was perhaps best illustrated by the fact that Resolution 5 , calling for the dissolution of BIS , was subsequently ignored and proven ineffective .
The corporate establishment had seen to that - as indeed , it had seen to all such previous attempts .
With war 's end now calling for a clearing of conscience , BIS 's method of achieving this was by stressing its somewhat euphemistic neutrality , while playing down its less palatable , but quintessential supranationality .
Their annual report of 1946 - as quoted in the Times - stated : " It is noted that the Bank has continued to supply the principles of strict neutrality , but that circumstances have caused a further decline in the volume of its business " .
Further : " Wars are the worst cause of monetary convulsions , and the first condition for enjoying the benefits of an ordinary monetary system is to establish and maintain a reign of peace " .
In view of their recent previous history , the term ' irony ' hardly does justice to the above statements !.
This report was , incidentally , the last to be signed by its President , Thomas McKittrick : in June 1946 he was appointed Vice / Chairman of the Chase National Bank by its owners , the Rockefellers - presumably as a mark of gratitude for the assistance rendered to them by the BIS during his presidency .
In view of the somewhat puzzling fact that this now meant that there were in this post - war period three international financial / banking institutions - all with the self - evidently similar aim of resolving the world 's serious economic problems - a brief , close look is called for in order to clarify the situation .
The first ( and intriguing ) fact to be noted here is that , whereas the IMF and The World Bank have been frequently and conspicuously in the public eye from birth , the BIS has adopted a low profile and remained uncommunicative .
This was an expedient tactic for the latter to adopt - for two reasons : ( 1 ) it thus eluded any investigation into its previous financial dealings with the Third Reich ; and ( 2 ) more importantly , by so diassociating itself from the IMF and World Bank , the latter would henceforth be widely ( though erroneously ) regarded as the sole guardians of the worldwide economy , thus allowing the BIS more latitude to follow the agenda set by the corporate establishment - to whom , it must be recalled , they owed their survival .
This ambivalent relationship between the IMF / World Bank vis-a - vis the BIS / commercial banks in the 70's is epitomised by Anthony Sampson in his book " The Money Lenders " :
" The commercial banks in the meantime had created a very different perspective , for the IMF now controlled much less of the world 's money .
In 1966 , the quotas which made up its capital amounted to 10 % of the total world imports ; but by ' 76 they made up only 4 % " ... " by ' 76 world annual deficits had reached $ 75 billion : of this , 7 % financed by the IMF ; 18 % by other official international bodies ( governments and World Bank ) - remaining three - quarters financed by banks ( commercial ) " .
( Today , some two - and - a - half decades later , the board members of BIS , between them , control 95 % of the money in circulation ) .
The reason for this apparent taking over of such responsibility by the BIS from the IMF / World Bank is twofold : ( 1 ) the collapse of the Bretton Woods system of exchange convertibility in the early seventies exposed the irrelevance of the latter as agents for European reconstruction ; and ( 2 ) the latter being statutorily - appointed agents of the UN , were therefore - ostensibly - accountable to a much wider constituency than the BIS , and therefore politically less manageable by the corporate establishment , whose primary aim in the aftermath of World War 2 was to ensure the unrestricted flow of American capital into Europe .
A flow considerably eased by subsequent European integration , in which both NATO and the Bilderberg played a crucial role .
This aim was furthered by means of the US Congressionally - authorised European Cooperation Act ( ECA ) of 1948 , and implemented by its subsidiary , the European Payments Union ( EPU ) of 1950 - both under the aegis of the Marshall Plan of 1947 .
Predictably , the BIS was the institution chosen by the EPU to oversee this movement of capital ( a point worthy of note here is that the head of the EPU at that time was one Richard Bissell , an economist who , years later , was to be the CIA Deputy Director of Planning overseeing the Bay of Pigs fiasco in April ' 61 ! ) .
The BIS was now firmly ensconced in the heart of European integration , and was subsequently to play a critical role in the events leading to its ( Europe 's ) eventual evolvement into the European Union , a bureaucratic politico - economic body occupying a position of crucial importance within the wider global hierarchy envisaged by the corporate establishment .
The significance of the American 's key central role in this sequence of events is underscored by the fact that , in the aftermath of World War 2 , they ( the Americans ) set up the Bundesbank in Frankfurt ( in their zone of control ) , ensuring that the bank would be independent of government and follow a strict monetary policy - in effect , another Federal Reserve System .
In 1948 they replaced the existing Reichmarks with approximately 11 billion Deutschmarks , and Germany 's subsequent conduct vis-a - vis European integration must be viewed with this in mind .
In any case , the fact remains that Germany 's subsequent frequent delaying tactics enabled the dollar to consolidate its dominance .
In their published précis entitled " Profile of an International Organisation " , the BIS states that its " predominant tasks are summed up most succintly in part of Article 3 of its original Statutes .
They are ' to promote the co-operation of central banks and to provide additional facilities for international financial operations ' " .
To achieve this aim it has 3 administrative bodies : ( 1 ) a Board of Directors , comprising the Governors of the central banks of Belgium , France , Germany , Italy , the UK and the USA , each of whom appoints another member of the same nationality - plus the central bank Governors of Canada , Japan , Holland , Sweden and Switzerland : a total of 17 .
( 2 ) A Management Board ; and ( 3 ) An annual General Meeting in June of each year .
That this is an organisation carrying enormous clout is readily confirmed by a closer look at said synopsis , pertinent quotes from which follow ( italics are BIS's ) :
( A) " Since September 1994 , the eleven countries from which the members of the Bank 's Board of Directors are drawn have been identical with the countries which comprise the Group of Ten ( G - 10 ) , with which the BIS has had a long and close association " .
( B) " As well as making resources available to the IMF under the GAB ( General Arrangements to Borrow ) the G - 10 has , since 1963 , been a principal forum for discussion of international monetary questions .
From the outset , the BIS has been a participant in G - 10 Meetings , above all because the Governors of the G - 10 central banks meet regularly on the occasion of the Basle monthly meetings .
The G - 10 meetings have , over time , become the pivotal forum in which much wider activities have been set in motion by the G - 10 central banks in the pursuit of financial stability " .
( Meetings , it should be noted , hosted by the BIS in their high - rise office block in Basle ) .
( C) " As early as 1971 concern among central banks about the evolution of the Eurocurrency markets led to the establishment of a Standing Committee of the Group of Ten central banks which has met periodically in Basle ever since "
(D) In December 1994 the G - 10 Governors set up " The Basle Committee on Banking Supervision , the secretariat for which is provided by the BIS " .
(E) " The BIS hosts meeting of , and provides the secretariat for , the Committee on Payment and Settlement Systems and its various working parties " .
( F ) " .. the BIS in a joint initiative with the Basle Committee on Banking Supervision is establishing an Institute for Financial Stability ahich is expected to commence its activities sometime in the second half of this year " ( 1998 ) .
( G) " From 1964 until the end of 1993 the BIS hosted the Secretariat of the Committee of Governors of the Central Banks of the Member States of the European Economic Community ( theCommittee of Governors ) .
From 1st of June 1973 until the end of 1993 the Secretariat of the Committee of Governors also served the Board of Governors of the European Monetary Co-operation Fund ( EMCF ) and the Bank ( BIS ) acted as EMCF agent .
Until they were replaced by the European Monetary Institute on 1st January 1994 , the Committee of Governors and the EMCF were the Community bodies which provided the institutional framework for monetary co-operation in the European Community " .
( It should be added that the above quotes are by no means a comprehensive listing in the synopsis of the BIS 's activities on the global scene ) .
Three news items concerning the role played by the BIS are worthy of note :
(1) In 1994 the Belgian banker , Baron Alexandre Lamfalussy resigned from his post as General Manager of the BIS in order to become Head of the European Monetary Institute ( EMI ) - forerunner of the European Central Bank ( ECB ) .
As reported in the Times of 10/11/'93 : Andrew Crockett ( Executive Director of the Bank of England ) , who was replacing Lamfalussy as General Manager of the BIS , .." said he did not foresee the ENI .. impinging on the work of the Basle - based BIS which is widely regarded as the central banker 's central bank " .. and adding that ..
" The EMI would enable the BIS to re-focus on global issues , and develop its role as a forum for collaboration between central banks in the monetary and regulatory fields " .
(2) C. Fred Bergsten , Head of the Institute for International Economics , told the Washington Post on the 3rd of January ' 99 " The adoption of a common currency is by far the boldest chapter of European integration .
Money traditionally has been an integral element of national sovereignty " .. and the decision by Germany and France to give up their mark and franc " .. represents the most dramatic voluntary surrender of sovereignty in recorded history .
The European Central Bank that will manage the euro is a truly supranational institution " .
(3) In the Independent On Sunday of the 21st February '99 it was reported that Andrew Crockett ( see above ) has been appointed Chairman of a newly - established ' Stability Forum ' ( see quote ' F ' above ) , whose aim is to monitor global markets ( this was the idea of Hans Tietmeyer , President of the Bundesbank ) .
Certain conclusions can be drawn from a recapitulation of the facts noted above :
(1) The BIS occupies a central role within the global / European financial scene - to the extent that such institutions as the G - 10 and ECB ( among others ) play a surrogate role .
(2) The goal of the corporations is precisely the same today as it was at the end of the Great War .
This is inevitable , inasmuch as inherent within the capitalist system is its obligation to the aggrandisement of profit .
(3) As a consequence , sovereignty - in the sense of a country 's or organisation 's political independence - can be ignored and overridden .
This is happening today .
The signs are there for all to see :
Is America really in the Gulf Region for the benefit of its inhabitants ( ' ragheads ' in American parlance ) ?
Ask any oilman .
Are the two terms ' NATO ' and the " International Community ' really synonymous ?
Ask any country not in the Alliance .
Is the ' Cold War ' really dead ?
Ask NATO why it is still in existence .
Is it not clear that NATO 's primary role in Europe is to act as corporate America 's anti-Marxist enforcer ( even though the Marxism in question may be of a purely nominal nature ) ?
Ask the head formulator of NATO , George Kennan ( he may be dead , but his disclosure of the real reason for NATO 's birth is on record in the BBC's Lord Reith Lecture of 1957 ) .
Has not the UN 's sovereignty been by - passed time - and - time again over the years ?
Ask its main debtor - America .
And finally , why is so little of the BIS in the public domain ?
Ask the owners / controllers of the means of communication - the media .
BIBLIOGRAPHY
DAVIES , Glyn " A History of Money " ( University of Wales ' 94 )
DEDMAN , Martin " The Origins & Development of the European Union - ' 45 to ' 95 ( Routledge ' 96 )
HIGHAM , Charles " Trading With The Enemy " ( Robert Hale ' 83 )
MARSHALL , Matt " The Bank " ( Random House ' 99 )
SAMPSON , Anthony " The Money Lenders " ( Hodder & Stoughton ' 81 )
BIS Précis '98
INTERNET ( Membership lists , etc. )
Alfred Mendez < alfred.mendes@virgin.net >
Mark Evans - Global Financial Institutions
The " big five " prime banks of Wall Street , the owners of the " Class A " stock of the NewYork Federal Reserve Bank , are : Chase - Manhattan , Citibank , Guaranty Trust , Chemical / Manufacturers - Hannover , and Bankers ' Trust .
The Class A stock of the Federal Reserve has not been sold or traded on the open market since it was hermetically sealed from the public at the end of the summer of 1914 .
It is the exclusive property of Wall Street and European prime banks , whose major stockholders are the trans -Atlantic Ruling Class .
This pattern holds true of Central Banks throughout the nations of the advanced capitalist sector .
The Big Five have interlocking directorates with the " Seven Sisters , " the Anglo - Dutch - American oil cartels : Exxon , BP ( British Petroleum ) , Dutch - Royal Shell , Texaco , Mobil , Gulf , and Standard Oil of California ( SOCAL ) .
Several of these trans -Atlantic money and commodity cartels financed Mussolini and Hitler and actively maintained their connections with the Reich throughout World War II .
They were also all actively involved in Stalin 's Russia by the beginning of the first Five Year Plan in 1928 .
None of this is really secret - anyone can discover the facts by doing a little research .
Nor should it be considered a " conspiracy " ( either by those who promote or deny the essential facts of the matter ) - bankers and businessmen have been " trading with the enemy " for centuries .
It is just one more example of " the wise investment policy " of cartels like J.P. Morgan and Co. and Standard Oil of New Jersey .
Global Financial Centre - B.I.S .
The seat of first world finance capital is Basel , Switzerland , where the Central Banks of the Group of Seven ( G - 7 ) form the directorate of the Bank for International Settlements ( BIS ) .
The G - 7 include Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Canada , the U.S. , and Japan .
The G - 7 are called the " Hard Currency Countries " because their Central banks , corporations privately owned by the Prime Banks of these nations , have acquired most of the mined , milled , and ingotted gold of the world .
Approximately 80 percent of this is in the vaults of Credit Suisse , under the Berghoff , the airport in Zurich .
A somewhat larger formation , called the G - 10 , includes Belgium , Holland , and Sweden .
The U.S. has become the greatest debtor nation on earth because the Prime Banks of the other nations of the G - 10 ( especially Britain , Holland , and Japan ) have purchased the U.S. government debt in the form of semi-annual and tax - exempt U.S. Treasury Securities through the operations of the Federal Open Market Committee , the Fed 's window on Wall Street .
Of these U.S. Treasury Securities , 95 % have been floated since the end of World War II to finance the Cold War against the " Evil Empire . "
Now Communism has been deflated as an enemy ; nativist fascist movements are being pumped up all around the globe and the aggregate Debt is approaching the net worth of all the real estate and movables on the planet .
Now , also , the U.S. and Russia are joining their military and space programs , the U.S. is becoming by degrees a full - blown totalitarian state , and the bankers are beginning to foreclose upon the bankrupted minions and dupes within their new global condominium .
The World Central Bankers ' Bank
The Bank for International Settlements ( BIS ) , the " first beast " , was founded in 1930 and was the first entity to be called a " World Bank . "
Monetarist and gold - based , it functions as a clearing house for the balance of payments between nations .
It operated throughout WWII as an interlocking directorate and a clearinghouse for joint Allied and Axis high finance .
The World Bank / International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , the " Second Beast , " was founded in 1946 , after being drafted at Bretton Woods , New Hampshire , during the war in 1944 .
The IMF functions as the collection agency for the World Bank , much as the IRS functions as the collection agency for the Federal Reserve Bank .
The Wall Street branch of the Federal Reserve is the " fiscal agent " for the IMF in the USA .
The capital pool of the IMF consists of the Prime Banks of the First World , which interlock with the First World ( G - 7 ) military - industrial complexes and the oil conglomerates .
The IMF functions under the aegis of the United Nations , as a Keynesian paper credit- mill , extending credit in the form of Special Drawing Rights ( SDRs ) to the Second and Third World debtor nations , requiring that they purchase specified amounts of the currency of the G - 7 nations , imposing " austerity terms " upon their internal economies , and looting them by means of " repayment schedules " of their natural resources and minerals .
These are channeled through the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ( GATT ) to the multinational cartels , also headquartered in Geneva , Switzerland .
With the implementation of NAFTA and the Uruguay Round of GATT , the real wages of blue and white collar workers in the U.S. will be leveled in time to near parity with the Third World .
The last " Superpower , " the United States , is not the primary head of the G - 7 Beast , but is , owing to its debtor status , the last head , appropriately close to the horned tail , engaging disproportionately in UN Security Council " police actions " around the globe .
International Capital , having gone " global , " will increasingly employ the blue - helmeted troops of the UN to enforce the hegemony of Capital in the future .
Mark Evans
North Coast HOME
Electrons to the Editor
BIS - Board and Senior Officials - July 2001
Board of Directors
Urban Bäckström , Stockholm ( Chairman of the Board of Directors , President of the Bank )
Lord Kingsdown , London ( Vice - Chairman )
Vincenzo Desario , Rome ;
David Dodge , Ottawa ;
Antonio Fazio , Rome ;
Sir Edward A J George , London ;
Alan Greenspan , Washington ;
Hervé Hannoun , Paris ;
Masaru Hayami , Tokyo ;
William J McDonough , New York ;
Guy Quaden , Brussels ;
Jean - Pierre Roth , Zürich ;
Hans Tietmeyer , Frankfurt am Main ;
Jean - Claude Trichet , Paris ;
Alfons Vicomte Verplaetse , Brussels ;
Nout H E M Wellink , Amsterdam ;
Ernst Welteke , Frankfurt am Main
Alternates
Bruno Bianchi or Stefano Lo Faso , Rome ;
Roger W Ferguson or Karen H Johnson , Washington ;
Jean - Pierre Patat or Marc - Olivier Strauss - Kahn , Paris ;
Ian Plenderleith or Clifford Smout , London ;
Peter Praet or Jan Smets , Brussels ;
Jürgen Stark or Stefan Schönberg , Frankfurt am Main
Senior Officials
Andrew Crockett , General Manager
André Icard , Deputy General Manager
Gunter D Baer , Secretary General , Head of Department
William R White , Economic Adviser , Head of Monetary and Economic Department
Robert D Sleeper , Head of Banking Department
Renato Filosa , Manager , Monetary and Economic Department
Mario Giovanoli , General Counsel , Manager
Günter Pleines , Deputy Head of Banking Department
Peter Dittus , Deputy Secretary General
Josef ToÆovský , Chairman , Financial Stability Institute
Representative Office for Asia and the Pacific
George Pickering , Chief Representative
Others
Carlo Azeglio Caiampi - Italian politician
Lamberto Dini - Italian politician and banker - board of directors BIS
Antonino Occhiuto Italian central banker - BIS 1975 - now
Tommaso Padoa - Schioppa - Italian central banker - BIS 1993 - now
Chapter 1 - A Bank for All Reasons
From : ' Trading With The Enemy , How the Allied multinationals supplied Nazi Germany throughout World War Two ' - By Charles Higham - pub .
Robert Hale , London - 1983 - ISBN 0 7090 10230
[ there are some minor typographical errors in this transcription ]
On a bright May morning in 1944 , while young Americans were dying on the Italian beachheads , Thomas Harrington McKittrick , American president of the Nazi - controlled Bank for International Settlements in Basle , Switzerland , arrived at his office to preside over a fourth annual meeting in time of war .
This polished American gentleman sat down with his German , Japanese , Italian , British , and American executive staff to discuss such important matters as the $ 378 million in gold that had been sent to the Bank by the Nazi government after Pearl Harbor for use by its leaders after the war .
Gold that had been looted from the national banks of Austria , Holland , Belgium , and Czechoslovakia , or melted down from the Reichsbank holding of the teeth fillings , spectacle frames , cigarette cases and lighters , and wedding rings of the murdered Jews .
The Bank for International Settlements was a joint creation in 1930 of the world 's central banks , including the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Its existence was inspired by Hjalmar Horace Greeley Schacht , Nazi Minister of Economics and president of the Reichsbank , part of whose early upbringing was in Brooklyn , and who had powerful Wall Street connections .
He was seconded by the all important banker Emil Puhl , who continued under the regime of Schacht 's successor , Dr. Walther Funk .
Sensing Adolf
Hitler 's lust for war and conquest , Schacht , even before Hitler rose to power in the Reichstag , pushed for an institution that would retain channels of communication and collusion between the world 's financial leaders even in the event of an international conflict .
It was written into the Bank 's charter , concurred in by the respective governments , that the BIS should be immune from seizure , closure or censure , whether or not its owners were at war .
These owners included the Morgan - affiliated First National Bank of New York ( among whose directors were Harold S. Vanderbilt and Wendell Willkie ) , the Bank of England , the Reichsbank , the Bank of Italy , the Bank of France , and other central banks .
Established under the Morgan banker Owen D. Young 's so - called Young Plan , the BIS 's ostensible purpose was to provide the Allies with reparations to be paid by Germany for World War I .
The Bank soon turned out to be the instrument of an opposite function .
It was to be a money funnel for American and British funds to flow into Hitler 's coffers and to help Hitler build up his machine .
The BIS was completely under Hitler 's control by the outbreak of World War II .
Among the directors under Thomas H. McKittrick were Hermann Shmitz , head of the colossal Nazi industrial trust I.G. Farben , Baron Kurt von Schroder , head of the J.H. Stein Bank of Cologne and a leading officer and financier of the Gestapo ; Dr. Walther Funk of the Reichsbank , and , of course , Emil Puhl .
These last two figures were Hitler 's personal appointees to the board .
The BIS 's first president was the smooth old Rockefeller banker , Gates W. McGarrah , formerly of the Chase National Bank and the Federal Reserve Bank , who retired in 1933 .
His successor was the forty - three - year - old Leon Fraser , a colorful former newspaper reporter on the muckraking NewYork World , a street - corner soapbox orator , straw - hat company director , and performer in drag in stage comedies .
Fraser had little or no background in finance or economics , but he had numerous contacts in high business circles and a passionate dedication to the world of money that acknowledged no loyalties or frontiers .
In the first two years of Hitler 's assumption of power , Fraser was influential in financing the Nazis through the BIS .
When he took over the position of president of the First National Bank at its Manhattan headquarters in 1935 , he continued to exercise a subtle influence over the BIS 's activities that continued until the 1940s .
Other directors of the Bank added to the powerful financial group .
Vincenzo Azzolini was the accomplished governor of the Bank of Italy .
Yves Breart de Boisanger was the ruthlessly ambitious governor of the Bank of France ; Alexandre Galopin of the Belgian banking fraternity was to be murdered in 1944 by the Underground as a Nazi collaborator .
The BIS became a bête noire of U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Henry Morgenthau , a deliberate , thorough , slow - speaking Jewish farmer who , despite , his origins of wealth , mistrusted big money and power .
A model of integrity obsessed with work , Morgenthau considered it his duty to expose corruption wherever he found it .
Tall and a trifle ungainly , with a balding high - domed head , a high - pitched , intense voice , small , probing eyes , pince - nez , and a nervous , hesitant smile , Morgenthau was the son of Woodrow Wilson 's ambassador to Turkey in World War I .
He learned early in life that the land was his answer to the quest for a decent life in a corrupt society .
He became obsessed with farming and , at the age of twenty - two , in 1913 , borrowed money form his father to buy a thousand acres at East Fishkill , Dutchess County , New York , in the Hudson Valley , where he became Franklin D. Rossevelt 's neighbor .
During World War I he and Roosevelt formed an intimate friendship .
Elinor Morgenthau became very close to her near namesake , Eleanor Roosevelt .
While Roosevelt soared in the political stratosphere , Morgenthau remained rooted in his property .
In the early 1920s he published a newspaper called The American Agriculturist that pushed for government credits for farmers .
When Roosevelt became governor of New York in 1928 , he appointed Morgenthau chairman of the Agricultural Advisory Commission .
Morgenthau showed great flair and a passionate commitment to the cause of the sharecropper .
Legend has it that on a freezing winter day in 1933 , FDR and Morgenthau met and talked on the borderline of their two farms .
Morgenthau is supposed to have said to Roosevelt , " Life is getting slow around here " .
And FDR replied , " Henry , how would you like to be Secretary of the Treasury ? "
What he lacked in knowledge of economics , Morgenthau rapidly made up in his Jeffersonian principles and role as keeper of the public conscience .
Close to a thousand volumes of his official diaries in the Roosevelt Memorial Library at Hyde Park give a vivid portrait of his inspired conducting of his high office .
He was aided by an able staff , which he ran with benign but military precision .
His most trusted aide was his Assistant Secretary , Harry Dexter White .
Unlike Morgenthau ,
White came form humble origins .
Jewish also , he was the child of penniless Russian immigrant parents who were consumed with a hatred of the czarist regime .
White 's early life was a struggle : this short , energetic , keen - faced man fought to help his father 's hardware business succeed , finally forging as an economist with the aid of a Harvard scholarship and a professorship at Lawrence College , Wisconsin .
He was opinionated and self - confident to a degree .
Although he was frequently accused of being a communist sympathizer , he was in fact simply an old - fashioned liberal driven by his ancestral memories of Russian imperialism .
It is unfortunate that Morgenthau did not appoint White as his representative at BIS meetings , but White was too valuable in Washington .
Instead , Morgenthau sent the more questionable Merle Cochran to investigate the BIS .
Cochran was on loan to Treasury from the State Department ; he represented the State Department 's sophisticated neutralism before ( and during ) the war .
Cochran became Secretary of the American Embassy in Paris , working directly under Roosevelt 's friend the duplicitous , Talleyrand - like Ambassador William Bullitt .
Cochran spent most of his time in Basle conveying to both Morgenthau and Cordell Hull details of what the BIS was up .
Very much opposed to White - indeed , violently so - Cochran was sympathetic with the BIS and to the Nazis , as his various memoranda made clear .
Morgenthau took Cochran 's political judgements with a degree of skepticism , but continued to use him over White 's objections because he knew the Germans would trust Cochran and confide much in him .
Day after day , Cochran lunched with Schmitz , Shroder , Funk , Emil Puhl , and the other Germans on the BIS board , obtaining a clear picture of the BIS 's plans for the future .
In March 1938 , when the Nazis marched into Vienna , much of the gold of Austria was looted and packed into vaults controlled by the Bank for International Settlements .
The Nazi board members forbade any discussion of the transaction at the BIS summit meetings in Basle .
Cochran , in his memoranda to Morgenthau , failed to score this outrageous act of theft .
The gold flowed into the Reichsbank under Funk , in the special charge of Reichsbank vice - president and BIS director , Emil Puhl .
On March 14 , 1939 , Cochran wrote to Morgenthau , " I have known Puhl for several years , and he is a veteran and efficient officer . "
He also praised Walther Funk .
His timing was not good .
One day later , Hitler followed his forces into Prague .
The storm troops arrested the directors of the Czech National Bank and held them gunpoint , demanding that they yield up $ 48 million gold reserve that represented the national treasure nounced that they had already shifted the gold to the BIS with instructions that it be forwarded to the Bank of England .
This was an act of great naiveté .
Montagu Norma , the eccentric , Vandykebearded governor of the Bank of England , who liked to travel the world disguised as Professor Skinner in a black opera cloak , was a rabid supporter of Hitler .
On orders from their German captors , the Czech directors asked the Dutch BIS president , J.W. Beyen , to return the gold to Basle .
Beyen held an anxious discussion with BIS general manager Roger Auboin of the Bank of France .
The result was that Beyen called London and instructed Norman to return the gold .
Norman instantly obliged .
The gold flowed into Berlin for use in buying essential strategic materials toward a future war .
There the matter might have been buried had it not been for a young , very bright , and idealistic London journalist and economist named Paul Einzig , who had been tipped off to the transaction by a contact at the Bank of England .
He published the story in the Financial News .
The story caused a sensation in London .
Einzig held a hasty meeting with maverick Labour Member of Parliament George Strauss .
Strauss through Einzing began investigating the matter .
Henry Morgenthau telephoned Sir John Simon , British Chancellor of the Exchequer , on a Sunday night in an effort to determine what was going on .
Merle Cochran had telegraphed him with a characteristic whitewash of the BIS and an outright dismissal of Einzig 's charges that the BIS was a Nazi outfit .
Sir John said icily on the transatlantic wire , " I'm in the country , Mr. Secretary .
We are enjoying our dinner .
It is not our custom to do business by telephone . "
" Well , Sir John , " Morgenthau replied , " we 've been doing business by telephone over here for almost forty year ! "
Sir John Simon continued to dodge Morgenthau 's questions .
On May 15 , George Strauss asked Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain , " It is true , sir , that the nation treasure of Czechoslovakia is being given to Germany ? "
" It is not , " the Prime Minister replied .
Chamberlain was a major shareholder in Imperial Chemical Industries , partner of I.G. Farben whose Hermann Shcmitz was on the board of the BIS .
Chamberlain 's reply threw the Commons into an uproar Einzig refused to let go .
He was convinced that Norman had transferred the money illegally in collusion with Sir John Simon .
Simon , in answer to a question from Strauss , denied any knowledge of the matter .
Next day , Einzing tackled Sir Henry Strakosch , a prominent political figure .
Strakosch refused to disclose the details of the conversation he had had with Simon .
But Strakosch finally cracked and admitted that Simon had discussed the transfer of the Czech gold .
Einzig was jubilant .
He called Strauss with the news .
Strauss put a further question to Sir John Simon in a debate on May 26 .
Once again , Simon hedged .
Winston Churchill was the leader of a violent onslaught on the unfortunate Chancellor of the Exchequer .
Morgenthau demanded to know more .
Cochran 's letter from Basle dated May 9 and received May 17 brushed over the issue once more .
Cochran wrote ,
There is an entirely cordial atmosphere at Basle ; most of the central bankers have known each other for many years , and these reunions are enjoyable as well as profitable to them .
I have had talks with all of them .
The wish was expressed by some of them that their respective statesmen might quit hurling invectives at each other , get together on a fishing trip with President Roosevelt or to the World 's Fair , overcome their various prides and complexes , and enter into a mood that would make comparatively simple the solution of many of the present political problems .
This picture of good cheer scarcely convinced Morgenthau .
On May 31 , Associated Press reported from Switzerland that transactions were completed between the BIS and the Bank of England and the Czech gold was now firmly in Berlin .
During World War II , Einzig , who had never forgotten the Czech gold affair , ran into J.W. Beyen in London and asked him if he would now admit what had taken place .
Beyen said smoothly , " It is all technical .
The gold never left London . "
Einzig was amazed .
He wrote an apology to Beyen in his book of memoirs , In the Center of the Things .
The truth was that the gold had not had to leave London in order to be available in Berlin .
The arrangement between the BIS an its member banks was that transactions were not normally made by shipments would show up counts .
Thus , all Montagu Norman had to do was to authorize Beven and replace the same amount from the Czech National Bank holdings in London .
By 1939 , the BIS had invested millions in Germany , while Kurt von Schroder and Emil Puhl deposited large sums in looted gold in the Bank .
The BIS was an instrument of Hitler , but its continuing existence was approved by Great Britain even after that country went to war with Germany , and the British director Sir Otto Niemeyer , and chairman Montagu Norman , remained in office throughout the war .
In the middle of the Czech gold controversy , Thomas Harrington McKittrick was appointed president of the Bank , with Emil Meyer of the Swiss National Bank as chairman .
White - haired , pink - cheeked , smooth and soft - spoken , McKittrick was a perfect front man for The Fraternity , an associate of the Morgans and an able member of the Wall Street establishment .
Born in St. Louis , he went to Harvard , where he edited the Crimson , graduating as bachelor of arts in 1911 .
He worked his way up to become chairman of the British - American Chamber of Commerce , which numbered among its members several Nazi sympathizers .
He was a director of Lee , Higginson and Co. , and made substantial loans to Germany .
He was fluent in German , French and Italian .
Though he spent all of his career inland , he wrote learned papers on the life and habits of seabirds .
His wife , Marjorie , and his four pretty daughters , one of whom was at Vassar and a liberal enemy of the BIS , were popular on both sides of the Atlantic .
Early in 1940 , McKittrick traveled to Berlin and held a meeting at the Reichsbank with Kurt von Schröder of the BIS and the Gestapo .
They discussed doing business with each other 's countries if war between them should come .
Morgenthau grew more aggravated by McKittrick and the BIS as the war in Europe continued , but did not insist he be withdrawn .
He was forced to reply upon Treasury Secret Service reports rather than upon Cochran for information on the BIS 's doings .
He learned that in June 1940 , Belgian BIS director Alexandre Galopin had intercepted £ 228 million in gold sent by the Belgian government to the Bank of France and had shifted it to Dakar in North Africa and thence the Reichsbank and Emil Puhl .
The Bank of Belgium 's exiled representatives in New York sued the Bank of France , represented by New York State Senator Frederic Coudert , to recover their gold .
Ironically , they were represented by John Foster Dulles , whose law firm , Sullivan and Cromwell , had represented I.G. Farber .
The Supreme Court ruled in favor of the Bank of Belgium , ordering the Bank of France to pay out from its holdings in the Federal Reserve Bank .
But when Hitler occupied all of France in November 1942 , State Senator Coudert stepped in with the excuse that since Germany had absorbed the Bank of France , that bank no longer had any power of appeal against the verdict .
He pretended that contact with France was no longer possible , while fully aware of the fact that he himself was still retained by the Bank of France .
He claimed that only a Bank of France representative could allow the release of funds from the Federal Reserve Bank .
As a result , the gold remained in Nazi hands .
On May 27 , 1941 , Secretary of State Cordell Hull , at Morgenthau 's suggestion , telegraphed U.S. Ambassador John G. Winant in London asking for a report on the continuing relationship between the BIS and the British government .
It infuriated Morgenthau that Britain remained a member of a Nazi - controlled financial institution : Montagu Norman and Sir Otto Niemeyer of the Bank of England were still firmly on the board .
Winant had lunch with Niemeyer of the Bank He gave an approving report of the meeting on June 1 .
Niemeyer had said that the BIS , " guaranteed immunity from constraint in time of war " , was still " legal and intact . "
He admitted that Britain retained an interest in the Bank through McKittrick twenty - one months after war had broken out .
He said that he was in touch with the Bank through the British Treasury and that British Censorship examined all of the mail by his own wish .
Asked about the issue of the Czechoslovakian gold , Niemeyer admitted , " Yes , it had a bad public press .
However , that was due to the mishandling of the question in Parliament . "
He further admitted that the government of Great Britain was still a client of the Bank and had accepted a dividend from it .
The dividend , it scarcely needs adding , came largely from Nazi sources .
Niemeyer said that he believed the British should continue the association for the duration as well as lend the Bank their tacit approval , " If only for the reason that a useful role in post - war settlements might later have an effect . "
Niemeyer went on , " It would be of no use at this time of raise difficult legal questions with respect to the relationship of the various countries overrun by the Germans ....
McKittrick should stay in Switzerland because he is ... guardian of the Bank against any danger that might occur ...
McKittrick might want to get in touch with the American Minister in Switzerland and explain his problem to him . "
On July 13 , 1941 , Ivar Rooth , governor of the Bank of Sweden , wrote to his friend Merle Cochran - who had returned to Washington - about the latest general meeting of the Bank and the luncheon at the Basle restaurant Les Trois Rois afterward .
He said that it was agreed at lunch that McKittrick should soon travel to the United State to explain BIS 's position to " your American friends ...[ in the ] very correct and neutral way . "
Rooth continued , " I hope that our friends abroad will understand the political necessity of committing the Germans to send a division to Finland by railway through Sweden . "
On February 5 , 1942 , almost two months after Pearl Harbour , the Reichsbank and the German and Italian governments approved the orders that permitted Thomas H. McKittrick to remain in charge of the BIS until the end of the war .
One document of authorisation included the significant statement , " McKittrick 's opinions are safely known to us . "
McKittrick gratefully arranged a loan of several million Swiss gold francs to the Nazi government of Poland and the collaborative government of Hungary .
Most of the board 's members travelled freely across frontiers throughout the war for meetings in Paris , Berlin , Rome or ( though this was denied ) Basle .
Hjalmar Schacht spent much of the war in Geneva and Basle pulling strings behind the scenes .
However , Hitler correctly suspected him of intriguing for the overthrow of the present regime in favour of the Fraternity imprisoned him late in the war .
From Pearl Harbour on , the BIS remained listed in Rand McNally 's directory as Correspondent Bank for the Federal Reserve Bank in Washington .
In London , Labour Member of Parliament George Strauss kept hammering away at the BIS .
In May 1942 he challenged Sir John Simon 's successor , Chancellor of the Exchequer Sir Kingsley Wood , on the matter .
Wood replied , " This country has various rights and interests in the BIS under our international trust agreements between the various governments .
It would not be in our best interest to sever connections with the Bank . "
George Strauss and other Labour members of Parliament insisted upon Knowing why the Bank 's dividend was still being divided equally in wartime among the British , German , Japanese , and America banks .
It was not until 1944 that they discovered Germany was receiving most of the dividends .
On September 7 , 1942 , Thomas H. McKittrick issued the Bank 's first annual report after Pearl Harbor .
He went through the bizarre procedure of addressing an empty room with the report to be able to say to Washington that none of the Axis directors was present .
In fact , all of the Axis directors received the report soon afterward and the mixed executive staff of warring nations discussed it through the rest of the day .
The report was purely Nazi in content .
It assumed an immediate peace in Germany 's favour and a distribution of American gold to stabilise the currencies of the United States and Europe .
This was a line peddled by every German leader starting with Schacht .
When Strauss told the House of Commons on October 12 that the report had delighted Hitler and Göring , Sir Kingsley asserted that he had not seen it .
Strauss went on , " It is clear some form of collaboration between the Nazis and the Allies exists and that appeasement still lives in time of war . "
In the summer of 1942 , Pierre Pucheu , French Cabinet member and director of the privately owned Worms Bank in Nazi- occupied Paris , had a meeting at the BIS with Yves Bréart de Boisanger .
Pucheu told Boisanger that plans were afoot for General Dwight D. Eisenhower to invade North Africa .
He had obtained this information through a friend of Robert Murphy , U.S. State Department representative in Vichy .
Boisanger contacted Kurt von Schröder .
Immediately , Shröder and other German bankers , along with their French correspondents , transferred 9 billion gold francs via the BIS to Algiers .
Anticipating German defeat , they were seeking a killing in dollar exchange .
The collaborationists boosted their holdings from £ 350 to £ 525 million almost overnight .
The deal was made with the collusion of Thomas H. McKittrick , Hermann Schmitz , Emil Puhl , and the Japanese directors of the BIS .
Another collaborator in the scheme was one of the Vatican 's espionage group who leaked the secret to others in the Hitler High Command - according to a statement made under oath by Otto Abetz to American a officials on June 21 , 1946 .
In the spring of 1943 , McKittrick , ignoring the normal restrictions of war , undertook a remarkable journey .
Despite the fact he was neither Italian nor diplomat and that Italy was at war with the United States , he was issued an Italian diplomatic visa to travel by train and auto to Rome .
At the border he was met by Himmler 's special police , who gave him safe conduct .
McKittrick proceeded to Lisbon , whence he with immunity with immunity from U - boats by Swedish ship to the United States .
In Manhattan in April he had meetings with Leon Fraser , his old friend and BIS predecessor , and with the heads of the Federal Reserve Bank .
Then McKittrick travelled to Berlin on a U.S. passport to provide Emil Puhl of the Reichsbank with secret intelligence on financial problems and high - level attitudes in the United States .
On March 26 , 1943 , liberal Congressman Jerry Voorhis of California entered a resolution in the House of Representatives calling for an investigation of the BIS , including " the reasons why an American retains the position as president of this Bank being used to further the designs and purpose of Axis powers . "
Randolph Paul , Treasury counsel , sent up the resolution to the Henry Morgenthau on April 1 , 1943 , saying , " I think you will be interested in reading the attached copy of [ it ] . "
Morgenthau was interested , but he made one of his few mistakes and did nothing .
The matter was not even considered by Congress .
Washington State Congressman John M. Coffee objected and introduced a similar resolution in January 1944 .
He shouted , angrily , " The Nazi government has 85 million Swiss gold francs on deposit in the BIS .
The majority of the board is made up of Nazi officials .
Yet American money is being deposited in the Bank . "
Coffee pointed out that the American and British shareholders were receiving dividends from Nazi Germany and Japan and that the Germans and Japanese wre receiving dividends from America .
The resolution was tabled .
There the matter might have lain had it not been for an energetic Norwegian economist of part - German origin named Wilhelm Keilhau .
He was infuriated by Washington 's continuing refusal to break with the Bank and its acceptance of a flagrant alliance with its country 's enemies .
Keilhau introduced a resolution at the International Monetary Conference at Bretton Woods , New Hampshire , on July 10 , 1944 .
He called for the BIS to be dissolved " at the earliest possible moment . "
However , pressure was brought to bear on him to withdraw a second resolution , and he was forced to yield .
The second resolution called for an investigation into the books and records of the Bank during the war .
Had such an investigation taken place , the Nazi-American connection would undoubtedly have been exposed .
Bankers Winthrop Aldrich an Edward E. ( Ned ) Brown of the American delegation and the Chase and First National banks tried feebly to veto Keilhau 's resolution .
They were supported by the Dutch delegation and by J.W. Beyen of Holland , the former president of BIS and negotiator of the Czech gold transference , despite the fact that Holland 's looted gold had gone to the BIS .
Leon Fraser of the First National Bank of New York stood with them .
So , alas , did the British delegation , strongly supported by Anthony Eden and the Foreign Office .
After initial support , the distinguished economist Lord Keynes was swayed into confirming the British official opposition calling for a postponement of the Bank 's dissolution until post - war - when the establishment of an international monetary fund would be completed .
Keynes 's wife , the former Lydia Lopokova , the great star of the Diaghilev Ballet who had made her debut opposite Nijinsky , was a member of wealthy czarist family who influenced her husband toward delaying the BIS 's dissolution and a tabling of all discussion of looted gold - according to Harry Dexter White .
Dean Acheson , representing the State Department in the American delegation , was firmly in Winthrop Aldrich 's camp as a former Standard Oil lawyer , smoothly using delaying tactics as the master of compromise he was .
The minutes of the meetings between Morgenthau , Edward E. Brown , Acheson , and other members of the delegation on July 18 - 19 , 1944 , at the Mount Washington Hotel at Bretton Woods show Acheson arguing for retention of the BIS until after the war .
He used the spurious argument that if McKittrick resigned and the Bank was declared illegal by the United States government , all of the gold holdings in it owned by American shareholders would go direct to Berlin , via a Nazi president .
Acheson must surely have known that the gold was already deposited for the Axis via the BIS partner , the Swiss National Bank , which shared the same chairman .
Acheson also argued that the Bank would help restore Germany post - war .
That at least was true .
Senator Charles W. Tobey of New Hampshire emerges with great credit from the minutes of the meetings at the Mound Washington .
At the July 18 meeting he said , savagely , to the company in general , " What you 're doing by your silence and inaction is aiding and abetting the enemy " .
Morgenthau agreed .
Acheson , rattled , said that the BIS must go on as " a matter of foreign policy . "
At least there was a degree of honesty in that .
Morgenthau felt that the BIS " should be disbanded because to disband it would be good propaganda for the United States " .
There were jocular moments during the discussion on July 19 .
Dr. Mabel Newcomer of Vassar said that she " would not dissolve the Bank . "
Morgenthau asked her cheerfully whether McKittrick 's daughter was one of her students .
She replied in the affirmative .
Morgenthau said , " She has informed my daughter that she is against the Bank " .
Dr. Newcormer replied , " She did n't inform me , except that she wanted her father to come home - so she might favour the dissolution ! "
Everyone laughed .
Morgenthau said , " She is very cute .
She has read this article in PM about it , and she said [ referring to an attack on the BIS in that liberal publication ] ' I think PM is right and father is wrong ' . "
Morgenthau threw back his head and laughed again .
" That is what Vassar does to those girls ! "
Under pressures form Senator Tobey and form Harry Dexter White , Morgenthau stated that Leon Fraser , McKittrick , and Beyen all had sympathies " that run ther . "
In other words , in the direction of Germany .
He said ,
I think in the eyes of the Germans , they would consider this as the king of thing which can go on , and it holds out to them a hope , particularly to people like Dr. Schacht and Dr. Funk , that the same [ associations ] will continue [ between American and Germany ] after the war .
It strengthens the position of people like Mr. Leon Fraser and some very important people like Mr. Winthrop Aldrich , who have openly opposed this dissolution .
Dean Acheson , fighting hard with Edward E. Brown at his side , said he " would have to take the matter up with Cordell Hull . "
He was sure Hull would want the BIS retained the since Hull had approved its existence up till now .
Morgenthau promised to call Hull , who had become acutely embarrassed by press criticism .
After four years of tacitly approving the BIS , Hull told Morgenthau he called for its dissolution Morgenthau telephoned him and said , " What about McKittrick ? "
Hull replied icily , " Let him read about it in the papers ! "
Later , he repeated angrily to Acheson , " Let him read about it in the papers ! "
Acheson went to see the British delegation on July 20 .
Closely connected to high - level politicians in England , he was well regarded in Whitehall .
Lord Keynes felt that the BIS might be too quickly abolished if Acheson were beaten by the Morgenthau faction .
Although Keynes was advanced in years and had a heart condition , he and his wife abruptly left a British summit meeting and , finding the elevator jammed with conferences , ran up three flights of stairs and knocked on the Morgenthaus ' door .
Elinor Morgenthau was astonished to see the normally imperturbable British economist trembling , red- faced , and sweating with rage .
Keynes repeated , as calmly as he could , that what he was upset about was that he felt that the BIS should be kept going until a new world bank and an international monetary fund were set up .
Lady Keynes also urged Morgenthau to let the Bank go on .
Finally , Keynes , seeing that Morgenthau was under pressure to dissolve the BIS , shifted his ground and took the position that Britain was in the forefront of those who wanted the BIS to go - but only in good time .
Morgenthau insisted the BIS must go " as soon as possible . "
At midnight an exhausted Keynes said he would go along with the decision .
Keynes returned to his rooms and contacted his fellow delegates from the Foreign Office .
The result of this late - night meeting was that he largely compromised his original agreement and at 2 A.M. sent a letter by hand to the Morgenthaus ' suite again calling for the BIS to go on for the duration .
Next day , over the objections of Edward E. Brown and the great irritation of Dean Acheson , Morgenthau 's delegation approved the disposal of the BIS .
Immediately after the liquidation of the BIS was voted , McKittrick did everything possible to combat it .
He sent letters to Morgenthau and the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Sir John Anderson in London .
He stated that when the war ended , huge sums would have to be paid to Germany by the Allies and the BIS would have to siphon these through .
There was no mention of the millions owed by Germany to the Allies and the conquered nations .
Harry Dexter
White sent a memorandum to Morgenthau dated March 22 , 1945 , saying , " McKittrick 's letters are part of an obvious effort to stake out a claim for the BIS in the postwar world .
As such , they are , in effect , a challenge to Bretton Woods .... The other signatories to the Bretton Woods Act should be advised of the BIS action , should be reminded of Bretton Woods ' resolution Number Five , and should be advised that we are not answering the letters . "
The same day , Treasury 's indispensable Orvis A. Schimdt held a meeting with McKittrick in Basle .
His comment on McKittrick 's remarks was sharp : " I was surprised that a voluntary recital intended as a defense of the BIS could be such an indictment of that institution . "
When Schmidt asked McKittrick the Germans had been willing to allow the BIS to be run as it had and had continued to make payments to the BIS , McKittrick replied , " In order to understand , one must first understand the strength of the confidence and trust that the central bankers had had in each other and the strength of their determination to play the game squarely .
Secondly , one must realise that in the complicated German financial setup , certain men who have their central bankers ' point of view are in very strategic positions and can influence the conduct of the German Government with respect to these matters . "
McKittrick went on to say that there was a little group of financiers who had felt from the beginning that Germany would lose the war ; that after defeat they might emerge to shape Germany 's destiny .
That they would " maintain their contracts and trust with other important banking elements so that they would be in a stronger position in the postwar period to negotiate loans for reconstruction of Germany . "
McKittrick declined to name all save one of the little group , taking particular care to hide the name of Kurt von Schröder .
Since he had to name someone , he selected Emil Puhl .
Nevertheless , he pretended that Puhl " does not share the Nazi point of view . "
Orvis Schmidt was not deceived by this .
He knew perfectly well that it was Puhl who had authorized the looting of Allied gold and its transferral to Switzerland and who had been talking to McKittrick the day before in Basle about that very subject .
Schmidt closed in .
He asked McKittrick whether he Knew what had happened to the Belgian gold deposited in the Bank of France McKittrick replied : " I know where it is .
I will tell you .
But it is extremely important world does not leak out .
It is in the vaults of the Reichsbank . "
Evidently he realized he had said too much : that he had let slip his own role in the transaction .
He added hastily : " I 'm sure it will be in Berlin when you get there .
Puhl is holding it for return to the Belgians after the war . "
This barefaced lie scarcely impressed Schmidt .
The gold was already in Switzerland .
McKittrick did not end there .
He admitted that the Germans had sent gold to the BIS and said , " When the war is over you 'll find it all carefully segregated and documented .
Anything that ' s been looted can be identified .
When gold was offered to us , I thought it would be better to take it and hold it rather than to refuse it and let the Germans Keep it for other uses . "
McKittrick continued , " I 'm so sorry I ca n't ask you to take a look at the books and records of the Bank .
When you do see them at the end of the war , you will appreciate and approve of the role that I and the BIS have played during the war . "
They were , of course , never released .
Orvis Schmidt went on to see the executives of the Swiss National Bank , which maintained its partnership in the BIS and shared the same chairman , Ernst Weber .
Schmidt raised the question of the looted gold : the $ 378 million in gold of Belgium , Czechoslovakia , Holland , and other occupied countries , including the treasure of the Jews .
He knew that by a technicality the BIS no longer siphoned the gold through directly but sent it to its associated earmarked account at the Swiss National Bank .
The Swiss National Bank officials told Schmidt that in order to be sure they were not obtaining looted gold , they had requested a member of the Reichsbank , whom they " regarded to be trustworthy , " to certify that each parcel of gold that they purchased had not been prised when the directors of the Swiss National Bank informed him that that personage was none other than Emil Puhl , who had just left ahead of his arrival .
At the Nuremberg Trials in May 1946 , Walther Funk , still listed as a BIS director , testified that Puhl had American connections and had been offered a major post at Chase in New York shortly before Pearl Harbor .
Funk admitted that Puhl was in charge of gold shipments .
He admitted receiving the gold reserve of the Czech National Bank and the Belgian gold , and he added , " It was very difficult to pay [ in foreign exchange ] in gold ....
Only in Switzerland could we still do business through changing gold into foreign currency . "
Funk said that Puhl had informed him in 1942 that the Gestapo had deposited gold coins , and other gold , from the concentration camps , in the Reichsbank .
Puhl had been in charge of this .
Jewels , mon
Transcript :
Ruling that humans are no longer than endangered species , a wolf judge has declared open season on humans .
( The human population can easily sustain a 30 % harvest . )
Lupine liberals , however , deplore human hunting as barbaric .
( They 're not the cutest creatures , but they are part of the ecosystem . )
( You 're not lupepa - morphasizing them humans . are you ? )
Hunters say they 're saving human herds from starvation and protecting lupine farms from savage human attacks .
( It 's for their own good .
They 'll overbreed without regular cullings . )
In the end , of course , it 's all about spending a fun weekend .
Sometimes you ’ve got to take a step back and look at your URL with fresh eyes .
When I come up with an idea for a list , I generally check on Google to make sure either ( 1 ) no one ’s done the list before or ( 2 ) if someone ’s done it , they ’ve done a mediocre job .
This list falls squarely under number two .
I ’m not the first person to do a list of the most unintentionally hilarious URLs .
There ’s already one so - so list out there .
And that list was Ctrl - C / Ctrl - V ’ed on no fewer than 500 other websites .
You know that line in Fight Club where Ed Norton says that “ everything ’s a copy of a copy of a copy ” ?
Well the list of unintentionally funny domain names , originally done by Independent Sources in 2006 , takes that aforementioned simulacrum to a new level .
On one hand , I feel sorry that they were plagiarized so frequently .
On the other hand , I feel even sorrier that their list , which now contains many broken URLs , is the one that holds the “ funny domain name ” mantle .
So today , I have 11 unintentionally funny website names that will , hopefully , let people know that there ’s more out there than Penisland .
net ( which , by the way , is an intentionally funny parody site ) .
Officially : LesBocages.com , tree service in the Brittany region of France .
Unintentionally : LesboCages.com , your source for locking up your out - of - control local lesbian .
Officially : Freebase.com , a social database about things you know and love .
Unintentionally : Freebase.com , the online destination when you ca n’t find your crack pipe .
Officially : SydneyTherapist.com , the website of Tanya Koens , a sex therapist in Sydney , Australia .
( No word if she is affiliated with Tobias Funke . )
Unintentionally : SydneyTheRapist.com , home page of a guy named Sydney who just ca n’t stop telling his stories about rapin ’ !
( No word if he is affiliated with Tucker Max . )
Officially : NOBJS.org , North of Boston Jewish Singles 40 + — “ a great place to meet interesting , charming and enthusiastic single people with whom you can get together and have fun . ”
Unintentionally : NoBJs.org , the site for women in committed relationships .
Officially : BlackHatEbook.com , a guide to black hat SEO , “ the technique of building and promoting a website using unfair , sneaky , sly and underhand tactics which often break search engine guidelines . ”
( Just to stick it to these people , I made their link above a rel= ” nofollow ” . )
Unintentionally : BlackHateBook.com , a guide to being a racist , for the rarely - seen literate racist .
Officially : OldMansHaven.com , cabin rentals in Old Man ’s Haven near Hocking Hills ( Ohio ) State Park , home of Old Man ’s Cave .
Unintentionally : OldManShaven.com , ’cause when they ’re dragging on the ground , they should be hairless .
Officially : NYcanal.com , a resource for info on and travel to all of New York ’s beautiful canals .
Unintentionally : NYCanal.com , a resource for info on and fissures in all of New York ’s less beautiful “ canals . ”
Officially : AmericanScrapMetal.com , “ a B2B - based scrap metal recycling expert ” in Texas .
Unintentionally : AmericansCrapMetal.com .
And we piss awesomeness !
Officially : ActionPaintballSac.com , an 880 - acre paintball course located just outside of Sacramento .
Unintentionally : ActionPaintBallsac.com , which is either a Japanese game show or a high - energy booth at Key West ’s FantasyFest .
Officially : LaDrape.co.uk , a company that “ continues to innovate quilted bedspread design and manufacture , leading the field for almost 20 years , supplying major hotel groups , cruise ships and interior designers internationally . ”
Unintentionally : LadRape.co.uk , where we rape guys while using properly British terms like “ lad . ”
After the rape ’s over we toss the little bugger ’s body in the boot , sod off to a bog and dump the duff .
Officially : Budget.co.ck , for all your Budget Car Rental needs on the Cook Islands .
Unintentionally : Budget.co.ck , because in this economy , who can afford full - priced cock ?
—
Honorable mention to a few that did n’t make my cut or were on that original list I was wailin’ on at the top of this list : whorepresents.com , powergenitalia ( now defunct ) , kidsexchange.net , analemma.org , mofo.com and speedofart.com .
—
You may also like …
11 Hilarious ( and Very Necessary ) Newspaper Corrections
11 Photos Ruined By Animals Doing Nasty Things
In the Background
11 Accidentally Inappropriate Puzzles and Games
11 Incredible ( and Disgusting ) Translation Errors On Foreign Menus
11 Funniest Real Business Names , Dirty Edition
For all you non -jews out there that means happy new year .
So most of you may be thinking “ New year ?
Is this bitch crazy thats in December ! ”
Well it ’s the jewish new year !
And the start of a new season !
Fall ( soon ) .
Now is as good a time as any to set some goals for ourselves .
Lets change with the leaves !
( too inspirational ?
i thought so )
I want everyone to set three goals for themselves , short term , long term , work related , school related , life related , it doesnt matter just make some goals .
Here are my 3 :
1. Make 1000 paper cranes !
2 . Be more spontaneous
3 . Stop neurotically checking the stats on my blog
Now go make your goals !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Nasa hopes its Orion ship will take it back to the Moon
The spacecraft Nasa is developing to replace the shuttle has passed a critical milestone .
The Orion capsule , which is intended to carry at least four astronauts into Earth orbit and beyond , has completed its preliminary design review , or PDR .
The review is an essential engineering assessment that certifies the concept is fit for purpose .
The completion of the PDR paves the way for the US space agency to start to build the capsule for flight .
" This is the successful culmination of all of the design trade studies and activities to date , " said Mark Geyer , manager of the Orion Project Office at Nasa 's Johnson Space Center in Houston .
" As a project , a programme and an agency , we are reviewing the design maturity , strategy and plans for Nasa 's next human spacecraft and agreeing that this is the architecture we are going to build . "
The US space agency is scheduled to retire its space shuttles next year , and has begun the development of a new human space launch " architecture " called Constellation .
The architecture calls for two new rockets : the Ares 1 to launch crew , and a new heavy - lift rocket known as Ares 5 that could put into orbit the equipment needed by an Orion capsule to travel to the Moon and beyond .
However , all the systems are under review by a top - level panel led by former Lockheed Martin chairman and chief executive Norm Augustine .
President Barack Obama has asked the panel to assess different options for getting US astronauts into space .
Some commentators expect the Ares development plans to be modified or even cancelled .
Orion is scheduled to enter service no earlier than March 2015 .
Under current plans , this would see the vehicle ferrying crews to the International Space Station ( ISS ) the following year .
It was tasked by former President George W Bush of taking the US back to the Moon by 2020 .
Whether Nasa could maintain this schedule even if President Obama endorses the Constellation programme is open to question , however .
The Augustine panel has established that the shuttle replacement project is underfunded presently by about $ 3bn ( £ 1.8 bn ) a year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hiện nay các dịch vụ điện hoa của các shop hoa tươi mrhoa ngày càng phát triển để đáp ứng được nhu cầu của con người .
Và các điện hoa trên khắp cả nước hiện nay được mọc lên với một con số khủng .
Tuy nhiên , so về chất lượng thì free - nature - animal - butterfly - wallpaper.com có rất nhiều ưu điểm nổi bật hơn các địa chỉ khác .
Và dưới đây là một số liệt kê không thể có tại hoa tươi mrhoa .
Cùng chúng tôi theo dõi tiếp xem đó là gì nhé !
Mẫu hoa nghèo nàn
Khi đến với free - nature - animal - butterfly - wallpaper.com , các bạn sẽ không bao giờ phải phàn nàn về số lượng các mẫu hoa của mrhoa .
Và cũng chắc chắn rằng bạn sẽ không phải nghe nhân viên bán hàng nói rằng : “ Dạ không anh / ch ị ơi , mẫu hoa đó bên em không có hoặc hết hàng rồi ạ. ” ….
Mà thay vào đó các bạn có thể thoải mái lựa chọn các loại hoa theo sở thích .
Giảm giá siêu khủng
Những chiêu trò khuyến mãi hiện nay đã quá quen thuộc và được rất nhiều cơ sở kinh doanh sử dụng .
Nhưng các bạn cũng nên để ý đến vấn đề này và đừng ham khuyến mãi giá rẻ quá nhé bởi đôi khi giá thành luôn đi cùng với chất lượng sản phẩm .
Phải thanh toán trước
Đối với các trường hợp lựa chọn thanh toán online hoặc là dat hoa online thì các bạn mới cần phải thanh toán trước .
Còn đối với các trường hợp khác thì hầu hết là sau khi hoa được gửi tới người gửi thì khách hàng nhận hàng , kiểm tra rồi sau đó mới phải thanh toán .
Nếu trường hợp bạn gặp một shop hoa tươi nào đó yêu cầu thanh toán trước thì cần phải hết sức lưu ý nhé !
Giao hàng muộn
Đối với bất cứ dịch vụ điện hoa nào cũng vậy chứ không riêng gì free - nature - animal - butterfly - wallpaper.com .
Giao hàng nhanh là một trong những ưu điểm lớn , đặc biệt là với một thương hiệu lớn thì họ có rất nhiều các cơ sở đặt tại các tỉnh thành trên khắp cả nước .
Bởi vậy mà thời gian giao hàng thường sẽ rất là nhanh chóng .
Trái lại , đối với các cửa hàng hoa mới mở , không có sự chuyên nghiệp thì việc giao hàng muộn rất dễ gặp phải .
Trên đây chúng tôi vừa chia sẻ đến các bạn về một số nhược điểm của các dịch vụ điện hoa kém chất lượng mà free - nature - animal - butterfly - wallpaper không thể có .
Qua thông tin này thì chắc hẳn các bạn đã phần nào tin tưởng hơn về chất lượng cũng như là các dịch vụ của chúng tôi rồi đúng không nào ?
Các bạn vui lòng truy cập trang web : để xem nhiều mẫu hoa đẹp khác nhé .
Sự hài lòng của khách hàng là niềm vui và động lực cho chúng tôi !
5 : For one wonderful summer I road the subway to work everyday .
Yes , in Los Angeles .
Also , I never paid .
Eventually I got busted of course .
I stupidly tried to pretend I ’d just moved and did n’t know better .
I thought if I said I did n’t have a permanent address I could n’t get a ticket .
I got the ticket anyway , and with so much info wrong , I needed to go downtown and fix it before I could pay the fine .
But I did the math and even with my ridiculous fine I saved around $ 20 overall !
Suck it , LA Transit !
4 : My first speeding ticket was received when my friend and I spotted one of those things they place on the side of the road that displays how fast you 're going .
We thought it would be fun to keep passing it , going faster and faster each time .
Guess how this blew up in my face ?
3 : At a party in junior high a friend and I thought it would be hilarious to pull a boat on a trailer from a neighbor ’s backyard into the street .
The cops did n't think it was funny when they caught us red - handed ( called in about the noise of the party ) .
They thought it was even less funny when I tried to steal a McDonald ’s Batman commemorative cup from out of their squad car .
2 : Several years ago I got pinched for drunk driving .
Sure , driving drunk is stupid in itself , but what really had me kicking myself was - I ’d successfully made it home !
I ’d parked the car and gone inside !
Then I decided I wanted disgusting Taco Bell , stupidly forgetting that they do n’t have 24hr drive - thrus in my parents ’ town .
So even if I had n’t gotten pulled over I still would n’t have achieved burritofication .
What a waste .
1 : In 4th grade I stole the beloved soft - shell turtle from my homeroom .
Stupid # 1 : I involved my oafish friend Ryan , who accidentally killed the poor thing within moments of us getting it home .
Stupid # 2 : I demanded money from Ryan for killing it , poisoning our criminal partnership .
Stupid # 3 : I put the dead turtle back in the classroom , thinking this was somehow better than it just being missing .
Stupid # 4 : When questioned about the turtle , I decided to pointlessly frame Ryan out of spite .
Stupid # 5 : When Ryan inevitably told our teacher the truth I was almost expelled and held back a grade .
And I was an honor student too .
( CNN ) --
For the past decade , Microsoft researcher Gordon Bell has been moving the data from his brain onto computers -- where he knows it will be safe .
Gordon Bell wearing a SenseCam , which automatically records photos throughout the day .
Sure , you could say all of us do this to some extent .
We save digital pictures from family events and keep tons of e-mail .
But Bell , who is 75 years old , takes the idea of digital memory to a sci- fi-esque extreme .
He carries around video equipment , cameras and audio recorders to capture his conversations , commutes , trips and experiences .
Microsoft is working on a SenseCam that would hang around a person 's neck and automatically capture every detail of life in photo form .
Bell has given that a whirl .
He also saves everything -- from restaurant receipts ( he takes pictures of them ) to correspondence , bills and medical records .
He makes PDF files out of every Web page he views .
In sum , this mountain of data -- more than 350 gigabytes worth , not including the streaming audio and video -- is a replica of Bell 's biological memory .
It 's actually better , he says , because , if you back up your data in enough places , this digitized " e- memory " never forgets .
It 's like having a multimedia transcript of your life .
By about 2020 , he says , our entire life histories will be online and searchable .
Location - aware smartphones and inexpensive digital memory storage in the " cloud " of the Internet make the transition possible and inevitable .
No one will have to fret about storing the details of their lives in their heads anymore .
We 'll have computers for that .
And this revolution will " change what it means to be human , " he writes .
Bell , who , along with fellow researcher Jim Gemmell , is the author of a new book called " Total Recall , " talked with CNN about the advantages and drawbacks of recording one 's life in painstaking digital detail .
The following is an edited transcript .
CNN : What have you learned about yourself through this process ?
That 's been a really hard question to answer .
...
The main driver of the recall turns out to be a [ computer ] screensaver or something where I go looking for [ a digital memory ] and I find something else .
I guess it 's the rich set of connections and people that I 've been involved with .
CNN : What do you use to record your memories ?
In a way , most of what happens during the day is sort of routine -- what you 've done before .
So I carry the SenseCam only when I think there 's an episode or a sequence or a certain set of events that I want to capture and have automatically photographed .
But I tend to always carry a camera with me .
I live next to a fire station and I 've got lots of photos of the hook and ladder coming out of the house .
And I like food so I tend to photograph wonderfully presented food all the time .
To me those are very pleasant memories .
CNN : If we rely on computers instead of our brains , will humans become mentally sluggish ?
That 's certainly one of the concerns .
I tend to counter that theory .
To me , I feel a lot freer .
In a way I feel like I still remember all that stuff , but I generally remember that [ the computer is ] remembering something for me so I can find it .
People have no memory of phone numbers now because of the cell phone -- their address book is in a cell phone .
So I do n't think they 're getting any worse or any less facile about that .
What an e-memory does , to me , is gives me a really wonderful free feeling .
CNN : If we all record audio of our lives , do you think conversations will become stilted and fake ?
I think there will be a lot of court cases and lawyering around all of that .
I 'm personally less hung up about that .
Certainly , people my age and Baby Boomers are .
But the current X - Generation , [ they think ] this is pretty natural .
CNN : Are you on Facebook and Twitter ?
Yeah , I 'm on Facebook and Twitter and occasionally I will tweet something .
Somehow my problem is that I do n't think I have anything interesting to tweet about .
CNN : Should all of our memories and observations be public ?
Absolutely not .
Our own memories are our own private thing , and how much you choose to have on Facebook or blogs , that 's your thing .
CNN : What does your family think about your effort to record everything ?
Gradually , everybody is getting this idea .
...
Think of it :
You are a librarian for your life .
Somebody has to be the family librarian .
CNN : Are you worried about losing your memory ?
... Forgetting is not a feature , it 's a flaw .
I do n't think forgetting is an important feature of human memory .
I think it 's important to be able to remember things accurately .
CNN : Are there any memories you deleted ?
No .
When we were scanning stuff I had written a memo about a company , an unpleasant company -- probably the only company I was ever ashamed to be a part of .
...
I put a note on that file that said , " Do n't ever scan or copy this ! "
My assistant who was doing the scanning ran across this and said , " What do you want me to do with this ? "
And I said , " Well , gee .
This is my life . "
I said , " It 's OK , just go ahead . "
So it 's all there .
CNN : Do you think it 's possible for people to turn away from new technologies ?
Or are advances like " Total Recall " inevitable ?
I think it 's inevitable because so much content is being created .
Virtually everything is coming in digitally -- everything from your photos to your videos to your music .
... I will love that day when the world is just bits .
It 's the ultimate in green , by the way .
All About Microsoft Corporation • Computer Memory • Psychology
Among the multitude of CBS and NBC comedies , ABC premiered a winner last year , Better Off Ted .
Unfortunately , the ratings took a huge dip as the season progressed .
Presidential press conferences and other scheduling changes really hindered any growth in the audience .
Considering that Scrubs did n't do well either despite its rabid fanbase gives us some hope .
Since it has already been renewed , I hope everyone watches the season finale which airs today , Tuesday the 11th .
Better Off
Ted is created by Victor Fresco , the creator of Andy Richter Controls the Universe which is kind of similar .
It features as Ted Crisp ( Jay Harrington ) , the man in charge of the R&D department at Veridian Dynamics , a megacorporation in charge of everything ( literally ) .
They make weaponized pumpkins , sheep , and cowless beef .
He is one of the good guys among the disturbing world of corporate America .
While he does n't have much funny things to do , he acts as a foil to the tactics of the company , and his boss , Veronica Palmer ( Portia de Rossi ) who is embraces the culture wholeheartedly , doing whatever is needed for the company or herself , regardless of the consequences .
This allows her to do outrageous things which translates into great comedy .
De Rossi 's delivery is near perfect , portraying the brusk , cold - hearted executive .
I thought her brilliant performance deserved an Emmy nomination , but looking at the ratings , I do n't think the committee even watched it .
Linda Zwordling ( Andrea Anders ) is Ted 's love interest .
She in charge of the numbers to make sure everything is in regulation .
Ted refuses to have a relationship with her since he already used his one office affair with Veronica .
Linda is probably the weirdest character , rebelling against the evilness of Veridian Dynamics by stealing creamer among other things .
Phil Myman and Lem Hewitt ( Jonathan Slavin and Malcolm Barrett ) are the scientists behind many products .
They play off nicely against each other , having different ways of doing things which often come into conflict , but in the end they always come together .
Rose Crisp ( Isabella Acres ) , Ted 's daughter brings another angle to the show .
She often has a problem at school which illuminates an issue for Ted so he can take a side on it .
The show is so unique compared to the other comedies on TV .
It is wacky and fantastical , while maintaining a meaning to everything .
We get a look at the corporate world in a way we never before could see , from the low - level employees to the ones earning the big bucks .
Each episode is punctuated by a fake commercial by Veridian Dynamics .
They are shown in a matter - of - fact even if they are ridiculous in concept .
Sometimes they are flat out wild , but the voiceover speaks calmly as if it is perfectly normal which is the point of the show .
Where average citizens may see something as absurd , those working intimately in large coporations may see something clever and brilliant .
Sometimes I have imaginary phone conversations .
Ok… this happens a lot .
They go a little something like this :
Hello ..?
Yes , hi .
I ’d like to speak with the person in charge of making up all these clever food holidays like today ’s Bacon Day .
Oh , that ’s you ?
Excellent .
I have a few additional food holidays I thought you might like to add to your calender .
How about a pizza and beer holiday every Friday of the month .
I mean … it ’d just be really great if my calender could justify my food choices .
No ?
You know , you do n’t have to decide so quickly .
Maybe think it over a bit .
Still no ?
Ok… lemme run another idea by you .
Can we make everyday at 3:30 in the afternoon National - Go - Ahead - And - Eat - A - Brownie Moment ?
What ?
That ’s too specific ?
I see .
You might reconsider this one … the people are really calling for it .
No ?
Ok ….
I ’ll just stick to Bacon Day .
Thanks for that one .
I gotta run .
I have to tell all my friends about these Peanut Butter Bacon Cookies I just made !
Laaaater !
Interested in other ways to celebrate bacon !?
How about Brown Sugar Bacon Waffles or BLT ’s with Homemade Mayonnaise !?
Bacon and peanut butter !?
Peanut Butter and Bacon !
Yes .
Yes yes yes !
I had never heard of this combination until a friend told me how her grandfather used to make peanut butter and bacon sandwiches for all the grandkids to eat .
What ?
I need ts combination in cookie form and I need them in my face right now ….
that ’s what I thought as she was waxing on about her grandfather .
Sorry .
So how do these cookies taste ?
So amazingly good !
The cookie itself is a more delicate , crumbly peanut butter cookie due to the absence of butter and flour .
Yup !
Gluten free !
The peanut butter taste is front and center .
The bacon blends incredibly well with the sweetness of the cookie , adding an alluring salty , smoky , chewy bite .
Hot dang !
I will make these cookies again and again and again .
Flourless .
Butterless .
Only five ingredients and one of those ingredients is bacon .
The world just got a step closer to perfect .
Results :
It was neck and neck between Cream and John Mellencamp as late as 5 pm yesterday , but between then and closing time Mellencougar poured it on and pulled away for a comfortable win .
The final numbers : John Mellencamp 60 % ; Cream 30 % ; Sarah McLachlan 4 % ; My Bloody Valentine 4 % ; Mott the Hoople 2 % .
Mellencamp moves on to the Great 48 .
Our search for the greatest band of all time continues .
The next match takes place in the Hollywood Bowl region , as # 5 seeds The Ramones host yet another diverse roster of challengers .
&amp ; lt ; br / &amp ; gt ; &amp ; lt ; a href= ” http://answers.polldaddy.com/poll/1829605/” mce_href= ” http://answers.polldaddy.com/poll/1829605/”&amp;gt;Which band / artist deserves to advance in the Tournament of Rock : Legends ?&amp;lt ; / a&amp ; gt ; &amp;lt ; span style = ” font - size:9px ; ” mce_style = ” font - size :9 px ; ” &amp ; gt ; ( &amp;lt ; a href = ” http://www.polldaddy.com” mce_href= ” http://www.polldaddy.com”&amp;gt;online surveys&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt ;) &amp;lt;/span&amp ;gt ; &amp;lt ; br /&amp ; gt ;
Polls close at midnight on Monday ( 8.3.09 ) .
Obama Defends Criticism of Cambridge Police in Arrest of Gates In ABC News interview , Obama says " cooler heads should have prevailed . "
July 23 , 2009  -- President Obama today stood by his comments that the Cambridge , Mass. , police department acted " stupidly " in its arrest of Henry Louis Gates , telling ABC News that the Harvard University professor should not have been arrested .
" I have to say I am surprised by the controversy surrounding my statement , because I think it was a pretty straightforward commentary that you probably do n't need to handcuff a guy , a middle - aged man who uses a cane , who 's in his own home , " Obama said .
In an exclusive interview with ABC's Terry Moran to air on " Nightline " tonight , Obama said it does n't make sense to him that the situation escalated to the point that Gates was arrested .
" I think that I have extraordinary respect for the difficulties of the job that police officers do , " the president told Moran .
" And my suspicion is that words were exchanged between the police officer and Mr. Gates and that everybody should have just settled down and cooler heads should have prevailed .
That 's my suspicion . "
The president said he understands the sergeant who arrested Gates is an " outstanding police officer . "
But he added that with all that 's going on in the country with health care and the economy and the wars abroad , " it does n't make sense to arrest a guy in his own home if he 's not causing a serious disturbance . "
Cambridge Police Department Commissioner Robert C. Haas said in a press conference late Thursday that his department was " deeply pained " by the president 's comments yesterday .
" We take our professional pride very deeply .
...
And when I talked to the officers ... you could see they were really stunned , " Haas told reporters , adding that they took " those comments to heart " and " were very much deflated . "
Haas said the department " deeply regrets the situation " but also stood behind Sgt. James Crowley , who arrested Gates for disorderly conduct .
" I believe that Sgt. Crowley acted in a way that 's consistent with his training and national standards , " Haas said .
" I do n't believe in any way that his actions were racially motivated . "
" Based on what I have seen , he maintained a professional decorum through the entire situation and maintained himself in a professional manner , " Haas added .
Haas said a professional panel will be assembled to investigate and analyze the incident , and added that , " The whole story has n't been told . "
Sgt. Tom Fleming , director of the Lowell Police Academy , told ABC News today that Crowley has been teaching a class to cops on racial profiling at the academy for the last five years .
" Jim Crowley is what we call a squared away guy .
He 's a really good role model for young cops and he was selected to teach this racial profiling class by the former police commissioner of Cambridge , Ron Watson , who is black , " Fleming said .
Union Chief : Obama ' Dead Wrong '
Crowley and his union slammed the president today for his comments about the incident at Gates ' house last week .
Obama " was dead wrong to malign this police officer specifically and the department in general , " Alan McDonald , the lawyer for the Cambridge Police Superior Officers Association , told ABC News today .
Crowley also chimed in , saying that the president 's characterization was " way off base .
...
I acted appropriately , " Crowley told WBZ Radio in Boston Thursday .
" I support the president of the United States 110 percent , " Crowley told WBZ .
" I think he 's way off base wading into a local issue without knowing all the facts , as he himself stated before he made that comment . "
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said today that the president was not calling the Cambridge police officer stupid when he criticized his actions in the Gates incident .
On whether the president regrets the use of his words , Gibbs said : " No .
He was not calling the officer stupid .
The situation got out of hand . "
Gibbs said he was not aware whether the president had spoken to Gates .
Gates Yelled At Cops
Police were called to Gates ' home near Harvard University last week after a woman reported seeing two " black men with backpacks " trying to force open the front door to Gates ' house .
The police report said Gates , who was returning from a trip to China and found his front door jammed , at first refused to provide an ID and became unruly .
He was charged with disorderly conduct but the charges were dropped this week .
Law enforcement sources told ABC News that the conversation between Gates and Crowley was transmitted over Crowley 's open police radio and Gates can be heard yelling .
" Mr. Gates was given plenty of opportunities to stop what he was doing .
He did n't .
He acted very irrational .
He controlled the outcome of that event , " Crowley told WBZ .
Crowley said Gates , the director of Harvard 's W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African - American Research and former host of the PBS show " African American Lives , " called him a " racist cop . "
" There was a lot of yelling , there was references to my mother , " he added , " something you would n't expect from anybody that should be grateful that you were there investigating a report of a crime in progress , let alone a Harvard University professor . "
McDonald defended the police department 's record on race .
" This is an excellent police department dedicated to nondiscrimination , " he told ABC News .
" It was inappropriate to use the situation to implicate the history of racism in America .
This had nothing to do with race and everything to do with Gates ' behavior . "
President Chimes in About Arrest Controversy
At the end of Wednesday night 's prime - time news conference that was intended to be chiefly about health care , Obama was asked about the incident , to which he responded : " I do n't know , not having been there and not seeing all the facts , what role race played in that . "
But Obama went on to say , " I think it 's fair to say , number one , any of us would be pretty angry ; number two , that the Cambridge police acted stupidly in arresting somebody when there was already proof that they were in their own home ; and , number three , what I think we know separate and apart from this incident is that there 's a long history in this country of African - Americans and Latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately .
That 's just a fact . "
Obama acknowledged that Gates is a friend and that since he was not there , he cannot know exactly what role race may have played in the incident .
He also acknowledged that the Cambridge police acted appropriately in initially responding to the call that a man was seen forcibly entering the Gates home .
Speaking about race , the president said that while African Americans and Hispanics are more frequently stopped by police , " That does n't lessen the incredible progress we 've made .
I 'm standing here as testimony to that .
And yet the fact of the matter is it still haunts us . "
Jim Carnell , union representative of the Boston Patrolmen Association , said the president 's comments are unforgiveable .
" With one sentence , our president set this country back 100 years .
For the president of the United States to use a prime - time news conference to push through comments in favor of his friend that cast police officer in this country as stupid is unforgiveable , " Carnell said at the headquarters of the Boston police .
Charles P. Wilson , National Chairman of the National Association of Black Law Enforcement Officers , told ABC News that the officers involved " could have taken a different path on handling that case " but also said that the president could have used different language .
" I want the president of this country , regardless of who he is -- a black man in the White House , a white man in the White House , or any other person in the White House -- to be able to acknowledge and recognize there are still issues of race in America , " Wilson said .
Some Republicans seized on the president 's comments .
The National Republican Senatorial Committee launched banner advertisements on " select web sites " asking people to vote on whether Obama 's comments were presidential .
Crowley said he wo n't apologize for the way he responded , even though the Harvard professor has asked for one .
" The apology wo n't come from me .
I 've done nothing wrong , " he told WBZ .
Gates ' attorney , on the other hand , said they were pleased by the president 's comments .
Charles Ogletree , Gates ' attorney and a fellow Harvard professor , told " Good Morning America 's " Dan Harris today that Gates " was simply pleased that Barack acknowledged he was a friend and what he had read and heard and understood to have been reported that Professor Gates did not violate the law . "
The Boston Herald reported that Crowley is the same police officer who , 16 years ago , gave basketball player Reggie Lewis mouth - to - mouth resuscitation as the Celtics star suffered a fatal heart attack .
The paper said many questioned at that time about whether Crowley did enough to save the black player in the aftermath of the incident .
ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos said on " Good Morning America " that Obama 's joke about breaking into the White House and getting arrested was " a real human solid moment " but that his comments that the Cambridge police had acted " stupidly " in arresting Gates may have crossed the line .
His comments are unlikely to hurt the president , but it certainly has moved the focus of attention from health care to the Gates controversy .
Was Gates ' Belligerent ? '
One of Crowley 's neighbors supported the sergeant 's account , saying that the police report that said Gates was " belligerent " was not completely off the mark .
Today Ogletree told " GMA " that Gates " made that clear that he'd be happy to talk " with Crowley to discuss the incident .
Cambridge Mayor E. Denise Simmons , who apologized to Gates after the incident , said she would like to meet with the professor , the police chief and the arresting officer .
She said she was not expecting Obama 's comments .
" I was surprised to hear it come up in a press conference in Washington , D.C. , that was about health care reform , " she told " Good Morning America . "
Simmons has said before that she was " outraged " at the arrest of Gates , whom she also knows socially .
Today , she said they have still not finished investigating the incident .
When asked if she thought it was appropriate for Obama to comment , Simmons said , " I 'm not going to make a judgement on what the president says and when he says it . "
" I appreciate President Obama 's remarks .
As he mentioned in his statement , he and Professor Gates are friends , and he does n't know all the facts , " Simmons said .
" We 're still trying to figure out ... what really happened and how we can move toward a resolution . "
Rep. Barbara Lee , D - Calif. , said today at a news conference of the Congressional Black Caucus that : " The president was right on target .
Some of us come from communities that have been racially profiled .
This is an example of … unfinished business in America and unequality and racism that continues to exist . "
According to a January ABC News / Washington
Post poll , 74 percent of black Americans said they have personally experienced racial discrimination .
But it 's not a racial issue limited to blacks .
Sixty - eight percent of other non-white Americans also said they were discriminated against racially .
Per ABC News ' polling director Gary Langer , the numbers support Obama 's position .
Specifically to the Gates case , 76 percent of African - Americans in the poll said blacks in their community do not receive equal treatment as whites from the police .
" What it made me realize was how vulnerable all black men are , how vulnerable all people of color are and all poor people to capricious forces like a rogue policeman , " Gates said of the incident in an interview with CNN Wednesday .
Police Backs Up Sergeant
" The actions of the Cambridge Police Department , and in particular , Sgt. Joseph Crowley , were 100 percent correct , '' said Hugh Cameron , president of the Massachusetts Coalition of Police .
" He was responding to a report of two men breaking into a home .
The police cannot just drive by the house and say , ' Looks like everything is OK . '
A police source told ABC News that Gates ' front door showed marks from where a previous break - in had occurred a month or two earlier .
A high - ranking Cambridge police official , who spoke to ABC News on the condition of anonymity because the department is under orders " from the mayor not to talk , " said that Crowley followed standard operating procedure for a call of a burglary in progress .
" Let 's face it , " the official said .
" This case has nothing to do with race .
This is a man who has made some phone calls and the case went away .
They treated him with kid gloves .
Harvard University executives rushed to the police station to monitor the entire situation . "
There are questions about the way the case was handled .
David Frank , a former prosecutor and a writer for Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly , said it was " unusual " for a case to be " nul - processed " [ charges dropped ] without a court appearance .
Gates was slated to be arraigned on disorderly conduct charges Aug. 26 .
" Legally , the prosecution made the right call , " Frank said .
" The issue , though , is that if Gates were an electrician from Everett and not a well - known professor from Harvard , the reality is that in all likelihood he would have to defend himself against the charges in a courtroom .
A spokesman for Middlesex County District Attorney Gerry Leone insisted that political influence did not play a role in the case .
" Once a complaint is issued it can be dropped at anytime , " said the spokesman , Corey Welford .
Leone brokered a meeting between Ogletree and Cambridge police officials to see " if the case could be resolved , '' Welford said .
" The district attorney agreed to drop the charges after an agreement was made between the Cambridge Police Department and Gates ' attorney . ''
ABC News ' Russell Goldman , Karen Travers and Rachel Humphries contributed to this report .
Create a poll
Is the notion female superiority being imprinted on the younger generation ?
Question :
These days , it seems that the idea of female superiority is being encouraged and imprinted on the minds of children as they grow up .
Do you think the next generation is being inundated with images encouraging the belief that women are superior ?
Please comment .
Created by : truthseeker at 07:06:08 PM , Saturday , May 08 , 2004 PDT
Comments I checked out the Copulins website .
Wow !
That could explain a lot of things .
I think the reason this information is being covered up is pretty obvious .
It will completely destroy the myth of male power .
SarahMay 10 2004 1:18 pm
I think its true , we got all these little charlies angels girls running around Hi-ya !
but women are stressing the point so much on this site its getting old , I mean the next poll will be called " Was God drunk when he created men ? " and he probably was n't but we are now .
Joe May 17 2004 7:52 pm
Was God drunk ?
Silly !
We all know she does n't drink !
Anonymous May 17 2004 9:00 pm
She should when she looks at the world today .
Anonymous May 19 2004 12:15 am
This is not harmful , because it is the truth .
Anonymous May 24 2004 10:03 pm
Female Superiority is n't a notion nor a believe , it 's the truth .
Anonymous May 25 2004 9:51 am
Female superiority is not an ' idea ' , it is the way things are .
buffgirl May 26 2004 5:39 am
Women are superior ... God made Adam and then made Eve for his helpmate ... God is also referred to as man 's helpmate ... helpmate meaning someone to guide him in the right direction .
believer May 28 2004 3:19 am
The notion female superiority is being imprinted on everyone , not just the younger generation .
Anonymous May 31 2004 9:47 pm
Men will be living under the full authority of women for a long long time to come .
JMT Jun 05 2004 11:14 am
I have been in college administration for more than 30 years .
As a woman I have seen enormous changes .
Young women no run most campus organizations and male students routinely defer to their judgment .
I recently oversaw a concert that was put on at the student union .
The women ran the show and when one young man failed to complete his assigned task the leader of the group gave him a tongue lashing he wo n't soon forget .
When she finished , he apologized and the meeting continued .
That , in a nutshell , is the future .
Diane Jun 08 2004 7:33 am
Television Commercials often show a clever wife and a bumbling husband .
Watch , you 'll see .
Tammi Jun 08 2004 7:58 am
I am a White Man !
White Man Jun 08 2004 11:51 am
The clever wife will lead the way .
The celver wife will love her bumbling husband .
The clever will run the house .
The bumbling husband had better get used to it .
JMT Jun 09 2004 5:23 pm
My wife forces me to recognize her as the dominant and smart one .
I guess she really is right .
Women are smarter than men
husband Jun 09 2004 6:22 pm
The women at work are aware of the fact they are faster thinkers , they 've been discussing this for some time .
It is pretty obvious they can accomplish more , and have fun doing it .
They rub it in a lot , too .
Bill Jun 13 2004 10:04 am
The media has a lot to do with the fact women are presented as superior .
Charlie 's Angels , La Femme Nikita , Dark Angel , Xena , She Spies , and even mainstream shows constantly show women as vastly superior .
This is part of a plan .
Women have been dominating the entertainment industry more each year .
They are the new wage earners and will have a growing influence on the images people see every day .
Those images shape the way people think .
The way people think will shape society .
Mark Jun 24 2004 10:11 pm
This is part of a plan .
Ha ha ha , Mark .
There is no " upper management plan " ... it 's just an industry giving society what it wants .
If society did n't like seeing women in dominant roles , then the film industry would n't make such shows and movies .
The mighty dollar rules .
HH Jun 30 2004 8:58 am
And women will control that mighty dillar .
Dave Jul 01 2004 12:21 am
Not only that , but they will control the economy also .
The marketplace already recognizes women as the most important demographic to cater to .
This is how it begins .
Anonymous Jul 08 2004 8:59 pm
Girl power !
Anonymous Jul 24 2004 12:03 pm
I want to make a comment to the woman who claimed to be an administrator for thirty years .
You talk about that young woman who was in charge of a concert and how she deliberately abused a male because she was so drunk with power .
It is just a shining example of how women can blast men for such bad chauvinistic and abusive behavior and then praise and justify it in themselves .
He should have sued the broad for obvious harrassment based soley on his being male .
Randy Aug 01 2004 5:21 am
Until more than a few senators are female , will women really run this country .
Gabriel Aug 03 2004 7:58 pm
In due time .
Women are conquering the political system faster than people realize .
Brenda Aug 14 2004 10:03 pm
The younger generation is growing up surrounded by images of female superiority .
In the media and popular culture women are portrayed as strong , intelligent , practical , independent , etc. but men are stupid bunglers or predatory criminals .
A recent book by Catherine Young , Misandry , documents this .
In movies and advertising men are replaced by hairless , pouting metrosexuals .
Add to that the school experience where girls get better marks , participate more , take on leadership roles , and learn self - confidence , young people can't help learning to look down on males .
Anonymous Aug 27 2004 9:50 am
Have you noticed most news anchors are women these days ?
The fact we get our information from women has a psycological effect also .
It reinforces their image of superior intelligence .
Paul Sep 06 2004 8:46 am also here in the uk , most of the new sports reporters are female .
My dad hates it , but i love it , also agree about the huge number of female anchers , imagine what it will be like in another decade or two .
Seems also to be a large number of female producers and directors , check out the credits ( sad i know , but i have noticed it a lot recently )
frank Sep 06 2004 5:15 pm go screw yourself you are total idiots , and i think you know it .
of course you do !
j. hamburg Sep 07 2004 8:00 pm
Hostility is a strange reaction to the truth .
Anonymous Sep 08 2004 8:26 am wow chill out j.Hamburg .
Why get angry when here in the uk , it is true that women seem to becoming the face of tv .
Maybe it is only because the powers that be , think its better to get your news from a pretty face .
But i believe they are just making massive inroads into all forms of jobs , and the results are slowly beginning to show .
I mean go back 10 - 15 years and see the difference on the tv then .
There was few if any female sports reporters .
will Sep 08 2004 11:20 am las mujeres siguen siendo tan tontas y estupidas como siempre , solo que la indusria del entretenimiento las ha puesto en un alto pedestal , aqi asistimos al entronamiento de la mujer prostituta , triunfo en la sociedad actual la prostitucion observe madona , brittney speers , thalia , etc .
y todo el enjambre de prostitutas en el mundo holiwoodense es dominado por la decadencia moral y espiritual de un a sociedad que exporta pautas de comportamiento errado pero que vende al resto del mundo como bueno y deseable pobres , lo malo es que muchos se lo creen , hoy para vender en los espectaculos hay que desnudarce y ceder a la lascivia y a la bajesa sexual , solo se que alguien esta detras de todo esto es una mente maestra que tiene mucha experiencia con el pecado y experto en perder y extraviar a la gente y por consecuencia a la sociedad .en el principio el uso a la mujer y ella cayo yarrastro al varon mas noble y fuerte que ella al final del tiempo la historia se repite el varron cedera nuevamente o esta ves solo ella se perdera .
el profeta Sep 23 2004 4:52 pm IF U CN RD THS U ND TO GET A LYF
Anonymous Oct 02 2004 5:24 pm
No way .
Females are not superior , this kind of bigoted thinking belongs in Nazi germany ( only they believed they were superior to jews , think about it , theres little difference ) .
Males are not superior either , I find it deeply saddening that I see so many males being destroyed mentally by all this female superiority propoganda , of course you are going to underperform if you believe that you are inferior .
I for one am a male , and I can tell you , I am doing extremely well at college , if a woman comes up to me saying I am mentally inferior , I will show her my results and see her pathetic face distort as she sees the truth .
I cant believe people are actually believing this nonsense !
More fool you !
Females have their qualities , males have their qualities , its just that in this day and age , being male is deemed as wrong .
Males are being attacked in the media , unfair stereotypes are being shown , all a mans life he is told that he is inferior , that he is somehow some pathetic lowlife violent thung , a ' potential rapist ' , dirt of a bottom of a womans shoe .
Note to men :
Do not believe this superiority lark , it took Winston Churchill to stop Hitlers rants of superiority , I am wondering what will rectify this new wave of bigotry that we see .
Fenrir_0025@hotmail.com
Oct 06 2004 2:49 pm
It 's great !
Females are passing males up in schools , with better grades and higher test scores .
Females are proving to be better managers in the business world , where the majority of new businesses are female - owned .
We are far superior , and we have plenty so show for it .
Sandy Nov 10 2004 11:24 pm
I think it 's great too .
Society has finally reached the point where we can fully utilize the entire population to it 's fullest potential .
There was a time when there was a need , real or perceived , to have large families and since you do n't get much milk from a mans nipples , women stayed home .
But 100 years ago being a housewife was a full time job .
With modern conveniences it no longer is and now women can have careers if they choose to and that is to everyones advantage .
IT 's not a superiority lark that females far surpass males in school and now business .
They 're more intelligent .
Evidently , much more intelligent and they know it .
Not universally but on average , it is indisputable .
The more women in power positions the better of we will all be .
Anonymous Nov 13 2004 2:55 am
So true .
Another factor is the advancement of technology , which is rapidly eliminating the demand for masculine characteristics in the workplace and the business world .
Women are better qualified for the jobs of today than men , and the gap is increasing as women become better educated .
Tina Nov 13 2004 9:07 pm
Anonyomous and Tina have touched on social facts that shape young people 's experience today .
Boys and girls grow up today without the prejudices of the past about " women 's work " or " a woman 's place , " in fact what they see around them is examples of women living up to their potential , and in many cases working easily alongside men or doing better than them .
I do n't know if they would conclude that women are superior but they certainly are n't learning that women are inferior .
Anonymous Nov 19 2004 4:56 pm
Since girls are so much better in school and they are influenced by the young women outperforming men in business , it is hard to believe they would n't conclude that they are superior .
Anonymous Nov 20 2004 6:54 am Regarding Fenrir_0025@hotmail.com 's comment on female superiority : > > > > > > > >
I am male and grew up believing the same thing .
I would hear comments that women matured earlier or were somehow better but dismissed them .
And I understand the comment about his grades being better .
I too have come across women ( and men ) who need help learning and understanding things .
The world is full of people of varying levels of knowledge and aptitude .
If we are to make a case for gender superiority , we have to understand we are speaking in general terms .
There will always been exceptions just as there are geniuses and idiots of both genders .
So we are examining the majority of women versus the majority of men .
Secondly , we have to dismiss the notion that since we are of the same species , we MUST be equal but different .
This is an ideal and frankly one I wish was true .
However , the evidence clearly shows , women are not only different , but truly better in many ways .
Just because this is n't what I would like , I can't deny the truth : Women ARE doing better in most levels of education all over the world .
Studies show women have better senses , especially taste and smell .
And they do better in facial recognition tests .
Studies show women have more stamina and better endurance .
In many cases , they handle colds better than men .
Ever notice men with a cold get knocked down harder while women keep going ?
Many teachers find women are better learners .
This due in part to not being afraid to ask questions and appear dumb .
Women 's brains are wired differently and have better connections to both hemispheres .
Women are biologically superior ( including the double X advantage ) .
Women have better language and communication skills and are better at multitasking .
Studies also find that women have better memories .
They make better investors .
And I could go on but I 'm not writing a book .
On the other side of the coin , men are more susceptible to certain diseases .
They have more emotional and developmental problems .
Men are filling the prisons while women are filling the universities .
Some call this a jack - off site since the idea of women being superior gets some men hard .
They know women are taking over and the roles are being adjusted ( or corrected , depending on your point of view ) .
This is relevant , but beside the point .
No one really knows how society will change over time but I think its a safe bet to put your money on women making major contributions and leading us into a better world .
As our superiors they will guide and train us men to become better people .
You see , women also eat healthier , take better care of themselves and others .
They even donate more to charities .
All in all I really admire and respect women .
And yes , I reluctantly have to admit my inferiority since this is the reality of female superiority .
But this does n't mean men should give up and not get educated .
Men need to strive to overcome our weaknesses and become better persons .
Be the best we can be .
This is what most women want too .
Societal changes are happening VERY rapidly .
I see more and more where its the woman who rules in the relationship .
And with good reason , since female superiority is n't a dream or a belief .
It 's a fact and its true .
STTG Jan 05 2005 10:38 pm
What a load of sad , self - deluding losers !
There is really nothing more to say to your imbecilic nonsense .
Billy Feb 11 2005 6:17 pm damn right billy boy , f* ck help us if a war ever started , with all the poofs on this site we would lose easily .
jj Feb 21 2005 1:42 pm
People are beginning to realize that wars will be less andless likely the more women are in power .
And do n't go on about Margaret Thatcher .
One or two women in a male dominated power structure tend to play the boy 's game .
When women reach real parity with men in the positions of power in the world things will really change for the better .
Anonymous Apr 24 2005 1:23 pm
I want to make a comment to the woman named Diane from above .
The one who has been in college administration for thirty years .
If a man had given a woman that kind of treatement , you would have poo your panties about how abusive he is .
It 's amazing how you women rationalize and accept in yourselves what you condemn in us .
And you say that in a nutshell that is the future .
Hypocrisy , thy name is woman .
Women will be far more incompetent in running the world because they cannever accept accountability .
The world is doomed to matriarchal tyranny , far worse than patriarchy ever could be .
Ted Apr 25 2005 6:38 pm
Females are passing up males in school because of this affirmative action crap .
If you are so damned superior why do you continue to need it ?
Ted Apr 25 2005 6:47 pm
I want to make a comment to the woman named Diane from above .
The one who has been in college administration for thirty years .
If a man had given a woman that kind of treatement , you would have poo your panties about how abusive he is .
It 's amazing how you women rationalize and accept in yourselves what you condemn in us .
And you say that in a nutshell that is the future .
Hypocrisy , thy name is woman .
Women will be far more incompetent in running the world because they cannever accept accountability .
The world is doomed to matriarchal tyranny , far worse than patriarchy ever could be .
Ted Apr 25 2005 6:48 pm
I want to make a comment to the woman named Diane from above .
The one who has been in college administration for thirty years .
If a man had given a woman that kind of treatement , you would have poo your panties about how abusive he is .
It 's amazing how you women rationalize and accept in yourselves what you condemn in us .
And you say that in a nutshell that is the future .
Hypocrisy , thy name is woman .
Women will be far more incompetent in running the world because they cannever accept accountability .
The world is doomed to matriarchal tyranny , far worse than patriarchy ever could be .
Ted Apr 25 2005 6:48 pm
I want to make a comment to the woman named Diane from above .
The one who has been in college administration for thirty years .
If a man had given a woman that kind of treatement , you would have poo your panties about how abusive he is .
It 's amazing how you women rationalize and accept in yourselves what you condemn in us .
And you say that in a nutshell that is the future .
Hypocrisy , thy name is woman .
Women will be far more incompetent in running the world because they cannever accept accountability .
The world is doomed to matriarchal tyranny , far worse than patriarchy ever could be .
Ted Apr 25 2005 6:48 pm
I want to make a comment to the woman named Diane from above .
The one who has been in college administration for thirty years .
If a man had given a woman that kind of treatement , you would have poo your panties about how abusive he is .
It 's amazing how you women rationalize and accept in yourselves what you condemn in us .
And you say that in a nutshell that is the future .
Hypocrisy , thy name is woman .
Women will be far more incompetent in running the world because they cannever accept accountability .
The world is doomed to matriarchal tyranny , far worse than patriarchy ever could be .
Ted Apr 25 2005 6:48 pm
All Diane did was verbally reprimand ( gave a tounge lashing to ) an incompetent subordinate who happened to be male .
If anything , it only demonstrates that she is assertive and in control , and deserves to be in an authorative position .
If he failed to complete his assigned task , he got what he deserved , and she should be commended for doimg what needs to be done .
It is not an example of matriarchal tyranny , it is an example of confidence and leadership ability in a strong woman .
If a man ca n't handle answering to a woman in a position of authority , he is the one with the problem .
Beth May 10 2005 4:51 pm
He has a big problem because it 's impossible to go through life without answering to a woman unless perhaps you 're in construction .
But even in that career it is unlikely because when renovating a house the wife invariably becomes the primary client .
Not because she has authority over her husband but because women care much more about their homes than their husbands do .
If Ted is a white collar worker , he 's done for because more and more men have to defer to women in the office world .
a guy May 21 2005 5:47 am
Female superiority is probably not being advanced in kids today however I have heard boys rationalize why they are so far behind girls academically by saying " Girls are smart . " .
Reciprocally it 's not uncommon to hear girls say that boys are stupid .
I do n't remember feeling that way when I was a child .
Perhaps it 's just a lack of maturity or a lack of sophistication that makes kids say such things .
Women do seem to be more intelligent in most areas but that does n't necessarily mean that a blanket statement like " men are stupid " is accurate .
Anonymous May 29 2005 7:44 am
Anon , superiority is a comparative term .
Younger people these days see a lot of evidence of female superiority in the academic world and in small business where women are starting twice as many businesses as men and completely dominating fields that were once almost exclusively male , such as real estate and middle management .
Also there is a continual stream of scientific data affirming the natural superiority of the female sex on a genetic and physiological level .
The taboos about women being strong have been lifted and females are asserting themselves like never before .
Men are , in many ways , not as smart as women even though there are a lot of highly intelligent men .
On average women have greater IQs than men .
If you take a random sample and exclude 1 percent of the most intelligent people of both sexes , women are significantly smarter than men .
There may be a few more males in the top 1 % , but they are , in a sense , freaks and not the norm at all .
womnpwr Jun 01 2005 11:22 am
The facts that women posess superior multi-tasking and intellectual abilities are strong evidence to support the idea that women are mentally superior .
Superior intellect is all women need to call the shots .
Beth Jun 19 2005 12:14 am
Finally , society is returning to Matriuarchy , I readily take my place beneath the Authority and Rule of Womyn .
I submit to her strength over me and I obey her wisdom as she leads me into wisdom .
Women are the natural leaders of men and , now men are finally seeing the truth of womans ' primacy .
Women are the born leaders and a man is to follow under , be quiet and demure , submissively bowing to her superior power , strength and wisdom .
dennis Jul 06 2005 12:44 pm
You only have to look at young women today and how they act , they have a certain aragance about them now , i reckon they realise they can do what they want , and do it better then men .
Guys like randy will never change , but the younger ones will have grown up , besides these girls and will be used to seeing women beating men at most things , so it will not be seen as someting strange or weird , like some guys seem to today .
What i love is how men still deny it , yet everywhere you look women , are working away hard , and overtaking men .
In the uk they dominate medical , law , vets , schools as well as education , also middle management is pretty much female dominated , and they start up more new companys then men .
Also this week it has been reported women in the uk , are richer then men from the ages of 18 - 44yrs old , and by 2025 will have the bulk of the money .
Better just get used to it guys , you can fight it , but most men it seems are not , or just aint up to it .
chris Jul 27 2005 4:32 pm
It is estimated at the rate that male college enrollment is declining that in about a dozen years the student population will be exclusively female .
If women are the only ones with access to higher education , it is only logical that they will be in control of things economically .
She who holds the pursestrings has the power to call the shots across the board , money and power go hand in hand .
Darcy Aug 23 2005 10:36 pm
Its funny is it not though , that men who try to deny that women are taking over , say things nowdays like education is not so important , and the exams are to easy , aslo as to why there are no male teachers , its because its to lowly paid .
Yet when males dominated education , it was a good job , and to get a education was highly thought of .
Makes me laugh at how they twist it to suit themselves .
Still bet they will not be laughing so hard , when they find there bosses are nearly all female , and they cannot rise higher in there jobs , because they dont have the right exam results , and degree .
I am at the moment sitting a adult education class , as well as having a fairly good job .
What is amazing is the course i am on , has a female teacher , and 20 out of 25 female students .
The lady in charge of getting people in to the course , told me they have tried everything they can think of , to get more male students , but they just will not appear .
She reckons they are now running scared , she straight up tode me this , and what the hell could i say back , the statistics worldwide bar a few countrys , totaly back this up .
Gonna be a scary strange world , for the largly uneducated , men with nothing to do , and poorly payed jobs .
chris Aug 26 2005 6:14 pm
Yes it is , because it 's true .
a guy Aug 30 2005 10:44 am
The concept of female superiority has taken hold on people of all ages .
It really is not a debate anymore , those who resist it are an obscure and irrelevant minority .
Tom Oct 02 2005 12:00 pm
Well said Tom .
STTG Oct 21 2005 3:28 pm
If there are changes too far in the fem supreme direction , it 's a superficial fad .
But it will be self - correcting .
Most guys who buy into it lose the respect of women and are n't even desirable to them .
They may not tell you that , but they wo n't tell you they 're using you and banging the guy they like on the side .
Women get away with what men let them get away with .
SC Nov 21 2005 8:29 am
Yes and rightfully so .
HERboy Jan 28 2006 5:42 pm
Women stronger than men seems exciting now because it is still new .
When the newness fades , men are going to become very weary of stronger women , and women will feel unsatisfied by weak wimpy men .
Anonymous 101 Apr 03 2006 10:41 pm
It 's not really new .
As stated elsewhere , men have been excited by the idea of women being stronger since the amazon legends .
Anonymous Apr 06 2006 7:26 am
Since women are so superior , let THEM fight the wars while us weak and stupid men stay home and enjoy life without women .
Contrary to popular belief , us men can be very happy without sex .
Being away from women helps us males to focus our minds and find true meaning .
And save lots of money .
Kung Fu Master Apr 15 2006 10:04 pm
Yes , the notion female superiority being imprinted on the younger generation .
And it looks like the girls are enjoying it .
Anonymous Apr 19 2006 11:39 pm
Since males seem to want to spend their educational life after puberty having fun and not applying themselves to study why not ban all males from higher education .
Males need to be educated just enough for the menial and hard physically tasks .
The resources should be directed to female education as being superior intelectually and having a greater ability to concentrate and study they will fill the command roles in employment .
No male should be in charge of a female in the work place or the home unless she be a child .
Males should be excluded by law from the teaching proffession if they do n't exclude themselves by dint of their own lack of effort or qualifications .
In any firm no male should earn more than the lowest paid female .
Big Brenda Apr 28 2006 6:51 pm
Women should be wearing miniskirts as often as possible :
At work , school , shopping , public events , etc .
And get rid of those irritating SLEEVES !
Women should be showing arms , shoulders and back .
This business of women wearing sleeves and long pants that cover knees is GARBAGE !!
He Man May 01 2006 10:19 pm
Female superiority is not merely a notion being imprinted in the minds of the young , it is an undeniable fact .
As a girl I do n't merely think myself to be superior to boys I rejoice in the knowledge that I am superior .
Nearly all the pupils in the top groups at my school are girls , the reverse being true for the remedial classes which are bulging at the seems with underachieving pointless examples of male failure who 's only purpose in life seems to be to try and gratify their primal sexual urges .
We do n't need to sell a notion of female superiority to either sex , both girls and boys instictively know it to be true .
GIRLS RULE !!!!
A GIRL May 21 2006 11:52 pm
As a male I also rejoice in the knowledge that the female is superior .
Unfortunantly it has taken far too long for this truth to emerge from years of suppresion , but finally and joyfully it is acknowleged fact .
It 's amazing how the fight for equality has turned into the fact of female superiority .
Anonymous May 22 2006 11:16 pm
A whole generation of boys and Girls are growing up witnessing first hand the superior achievements of Females .
The best and brightest minds of the future will be Female .
It is reality that is leving its imprint .
womnpwr May 23 2006 10:11 am
A woman 's place is in the home .
Old Fashioned May 24 2006 11:03 pm
A man 's place is in the home .
New Fashioned May 27 2006 6:17 pm A Girl is entirely right Women are superior and there is not a " notion " but a demonstable fact that they are superior .
Praise to the Goddess that Women are finally going to rule society and guide us to the peacefull prosperous future that rule will entail .
Anonymous May 28 2006 6:31 am
The superioity of women is so taken for granted now , that all the discussion is of how to possibly reverse the decline of males .
It 's not that males have declined , it 's just that the natural superiority of females which had been suppressed for so long is now being allowed to flourish .
The greatest advancement in human history is the recognition of the superiority of the female .
AG May 28 2006 7:54 am Sorry New Fashioned but you are wrong .
A mans place is licking the feet of his superior ....
WOMAN !!!
A GIRL May 30 2006 1:32 am
A man 's place is in the home .
Taking care of the children and the home while the head of the household , the superior female goes out to work .
Anonymous May 30 2006 12:32 pm I disagree .
A man 's place is where ever he wants it to be as long as he earns it .
It 's not a universal truth that women are smarter than men any more than it is a universal truth that men are larger than women .
It 's just that most women are more intelligent than most men .
This leaves room for guys to succeed or at least work .
male May 31 2006 11:09 am " most women are more intelligent than most men . "
It 's really astonishing how widely accepted this truth has become .
What was once unthinkable has become accepted truth .
Amazing !
Anonymous May 31 2006 3:18 pm a girl a mans place is in the home licking a Womans feet , bottom , anus , vagina , clitoris or anything else of hers he is ordered to lick .
Lou Rolls Jun 01 2006 5:45 am www.likelike.com/poll.php?poll_id=2550
Anonymous Jun 07 2006 12:52 pm female-led-relationships.com/forum/index.php
Anonymous Jul 16 2006 6:48 pm
And why not !
The way of the future is Female supremacy and a total reversal of roles and power between the sexes ..... get used to that lacy apron males as you dutifully submit and obey your Female Masters without a word of backtalk .
Omphale Aug 16 2006 10:39 am
It seems that the media propaganda against men never stops .
Today I saw a TV program which empatically said that ALL of the world 's problems are caused by men , and women would be much happier in a world with NO MEN .
If somebody made a TV program claiming that the world would be better if there were no negros or no Muslims or no Chinese or no women , there would be outrage directed against that TV station .
Yet men are targeted by the media every day , and nobody protests .
2006/08/19 Aug 19 2006 10:22 pm
My wife excepts this as fact and always says that women are superior in every way and is very competitive .
I had made mention that women are weaker , now that we have a home gym I shoked at her physical strength .
Her endurance is killing me and the result is that she will out work me in our gym .
She has gained strength so fast as to become stronger in the legs and match my upper body strength in a fairly short time .
She has been comparing her strength to mine all along and is now showing me how she has gained strength much faster as well as adding muscle to her frame .
I could tell for sure but she showed me comparing our recorded log books ( that was her idea ) and is now stating that this is what is happening " women are becoming the stronger sex all around and superior physical strength is in our future too " " I am becoming stronger than you and there is nothing that will change that outcome " now when I workout with my wife , she sets the pace and is already stronger in her legs but is now proving to pull ahead of me in upper body strength .
At first it was as all along her ability to do more reps and sets and now to keep up with the same weight , I can't match her sets unless I remove weight .
This has started about four months ago .
She now says that this is just the beganing and that she is only going to get stronger .
Anonymous Aug 20 2006 1:42 pm
Yes woman are outperforming man academically , socially , biologically and even PHYSICALLY .
More and more proof is coming to light that they are stronger too .
They are closing the strength gap quite fast .
Many of you men are finding that out as you are out muscled by your wife , sister , or female friend .
As the rest of the male rule falls to women so we see physical strength increasing in women until men are finding the shocking truth of ... she 's now even stronger he .
Carly Aug 20 2006 1:56 pm
As women gain more and more control over society , they will discover the many uses of " feminization . "
The highly feminized role , terms of dress , posture , behavior and voicing was designed by men over the centuries to enforce submissiveness among women .
The point is that there is NOTHING that this role that is necesarily " female " .
Look at the successful female leaders and athletes and you will see no trace of the " sissy " type image .
It is simply a tool that has been used to enforce social control and it can just as easily be applied to men as women .
In the greatest gender reversal since the ancient overthrow of the " Mother Goddess , " women will begin to take hold of feminization as a means of maintaining control over males .
This was foreshadowed in the Victorian era when women ( mothers and governesses ) would discipline adolescent boys by making them dress in feminine attire and adopt feminine behaviors as a form of punishment .
This was known as " petticoat discipline . "
Today , men are being feminized in a thousand different ways .
In the future , feminization will be used as a form of social control and what we now think of as especially female attributes will be enforced for males .
Mens ' shoes will become more ornate , less comfortable and ultimately be so unstable and hard to remove that any woman will be able to outrun any man on any street anytime .
Men 's fashions will feature fabrics and designs that are more delicate , more constricting , harder to put on and take off and more focussed on fashion than function .
Even male voices will change .
I can see the day when it is considered the height of rudeness for a male to use the chest register when speaking .
Men will be expected to speak in a whisper -- or not at all .
As this happens , males will as a whole will lose mental and physical strength .
Indeed that was the whole point of the highly feminine image in the first place .
For centuries it helped keep " women in their place . "
The greatest irony is that males will ultimately have these techniques used against them --- every day , for centuries to come .
Anonymous Aug 30 2006 7:08 am
Look men are strong and being strong is all that really matters .
No woman can really beat up any man in the real world .
If some men want to play around and pretend like women are all powerful and everything that 's fine by me but its all fake and does n't change the facts of life .
Men run the show always have always will .
A Real Man Aug 31 2006 8:22 am
Actually , being intelligent counts for quite a bit as well .
Napolean , Al Capone , these guys were n't exactly physically intimidating , they gained power through brain not brawn .
Beyond that I agree .
Some of these fantasies are just that .
Anonymous Aug 31 2006 1:09 pm
Intelligence is a combination of nature and nurture .
Clearly , men and women each have their own distinctive talents and traits .
The question is which talents and traits society chooses to value and reward most abundantly .
In the past , male traits were exalted and female traits were defined in the narrowest possible scope .
( Home , family , marriage etc. )
In the future , female traits will rise in importance and common male behaviors will be defined as deviant or even criminal .
Anonymous Sep 01 2006 6:31 am
Male behavior is already being defined as criminal .
Merely LOOKING at a woman the wrong way is now enough to get a man labeled as a rapist or fired from his job -- even though he never touched a woman and never even attempted to touch them .
Anonymous Male Victim Sep 01 2006 1:31 pm
I used to resent some of the sexual harrassment attitudes but I have come into line with what women demand .
They still want us to hit on them , it 's just that we have to do so more respectfully .
And they 're right to feel that way .
They 're always right about everything .
Anonymous Sep 02 2006 4:29 pm
The results of " scientific " studies are determined politically more often than people realize .
If a " scientific " study concluded that women were somehow inferior to men , would those results be publicized in the pro-Feminist , male - bashing news media ?
No way !!
That would be politically incorrect .
Only " scientific " studies that conclude female superiority are good enough to be publicized in the pro-Feminist , male - bashing news media .
Furthermore , any researcher who discovered any kind of female inferiority would probably be defunded and slandered .
Only researchers who conclude female superiority get additional funding , so they can publish more male - bashing " research . "
Angry Man Sep 06 2006 5:54 pm
Anonymous , just because you are whipped , do n't class us all in with you .
Women are not always right , in fact they are wrong a lot of the time .
They just hide their wrongs up with " make up " much like they do their faces because they can't accept the fact that they are n't as attractive without it .
Men rule this world , and the only place women will rule is on this place .
Like Like
Future King of America Sep 09 2006 6:11 pm
Many places in the USA have low or very low educational standards .
Therefore , outperforming the average is easy , so females who outperform males have little to boast about .
I fear that the low academic performance of boys is merely a symptom of a deeper psychological problem :
It seems that American males are more depressed , discouraged , aimless and unmotivated than ever before .
What is causing this mental fog , and how to escape it ?
Samurai Psychiatrist Sep 10 2006 7:32 pm
Anonymous on the feminisation of males .
Brilliant i think you have really hit on something .
Of course males will not be allowed to shout at Womyn except maybe to warn them about a fastly advancing male drawn rickshaw etc.males will nee a vast array of laws and conventions tailored for them in order for Womyn to feel safe and comfortable around the violent sex .
However the point about Governesses employing petticoat discipline highlights the extremely patriarchal society of Victorian times .
Why should it be humiliating to don the superior sexes clothing ?
Please please write again .
Lou Rolls Sep 12 2006 4:04 pm
By " feminization " I refer to the patriarchal attitude that women are the " weaker sex . "
This idea , is increasingly belied by the facts but the history remains .
The HYPER - feminine role was desigend to reinforce submissiveness .
That is the role to which I am referring .
Active successful women of the feminine kind have already rejected the HYPER feminine role -- recognizing that it is a tool of the dominance .
Anonymous Sep 13 2006 7:46 pm New Poll : THE WAR AGAINST BOYS www.likelike.com/poll.php?poll_id=2603
Anonymous Sep 19 2006 6:05 pm
Has anyone here read THE WAR AGAINST BOYS , by Christina Hoff Sommers ?
I just finished reading it , and it is excellent .
Anonymous Sep 28 2006 11:53 am
No I have n't and I never will .
Anonymous Oct 14 2006 6:21 pm
What is the earliest age at which athletically active girls can have beautiful muscular legs that men like : ( 1 ) Age 18 ( 2 ) Age 21 ( 3 ) Age 25 ( 4 ) Age 30 .
MiniPoll Oct 29 2006 6:11 pm
The concept of female superiority is indeed being imprinted on the minds of the young , and it is having a profound effect .
It is re-shaping society a little at a time .
Bob Jan 28 2007 1:02 pm
I think the percentage of males who accept female superiority has risen sharply over the last decade .
Probably most men now really believe that wome are superior .
Only a small percentage of girls would not laugh out loud at the suggestion that males are superior .
wmnpwr Jan 29 2007 2:32 pm Sat. 2/3/07
Date Update Feb 03 2007 9:57 pm # 110
# Feb 06 2007 10:34 pm
The assertion of female superiority has been so successful in schools that few boys would now question that girls are more imtelligent and able than they are .
The strange thing about this phenominum is that both girls AND boys are so comfortable with this shift in gender power that female SUPREMACY can be but a few step further on !
A male who knows his place Mar 01 2007 1:42 pm
Males are actually the weaker sex , biologically speaking .
Do a google search on xy chromosome , you will see .
dawn Mar 04 2007 12:51 pm
Dawn is a female chauvenist pig , and I do n't believe that superiority , one way or the other can be established by Googling .
What a moron !
Randy Mar 14 2007 8:57 pm
Dawn is correct men are weaker than the women .
ben Mar 31 2007 4:08 pm
In the last thirty years or so , since girls have been encouraged to do well in education and think of their careers they have caught up with and now gone way beyond boys exam results .
Boys are currently only achieving grades that girls were making seven years ago , and the gap is growing , despite government initiatives to help boys catch up .
The end result , women will have all the highest qualifications , take all the best jobs and ultimately , organise and run the world .
So i guess the notion ' females are superior ' is being imprinted on our children , because it 's true .
Nicola Apr 03 2007 11:22 am # 0117 ( Tue . )
4/10/07
Update Apr 09 2007 11:04 pm
Irrelevant of the content I would expect there to be much more debate .
How logistically do you think males will die out ?.
With a gradual decline or with a rapid change .
I think a few intelligent men of which there are many will have something to say .
Fred Aug 14 2007 3:34 am
If there was a web site with 50 polls about white people being superior to blacks , that web site would be quickly shut down .
I want to see all of www.likelike.com permanently shut down and removed from the internet .
If that is not possible , then I would like to see all polls on this web site erased and all new polls .
Anonymous Oct 21 2007 3:05 pm
If there was a web site with 50 polls about white people being superior to blacks , that web site would be quickly shut down .
I want to see all of www.likelike.com permanently shut down and removed from the internet .
If that is not possible , then I would like to see all polls on this web site erased and all new polls .
Anonymous Oct 21 2007 3:06 pm
I had to review a training video this morning at the direction of my Female boss and the video used She and Her as the third person pronouns .
In fifty years we have gone from us of the male pronoun to describe a person of unspecified gender , to the 1970 's " he or she " and " him or her " to She and Her .
I think that does indicate a generational shift and it will accelerate .
obedient husband Nov 28 2007 6:32 pm Nicola is right .
For years now , girls and women have been gaining educationally on boys and men .
Today , they are pulling away .
How can we males not be affected by this .
We are seeing daily that we can't keep up academically with them .
We now have to look to other ways to find our self esteem and place in the world .
In the end , that probably means simply being there to help women as they advance .
Certainly , i can see many more househusbands in the future and other jobs that require less education .
thomas Jan 21 2008 9:09 pm
As interesting and exciting as the femdom / submale thing is , it makes me vomit in my mouth a little to read most of these comments and ' studies ' .
Women perform better in school because they 're good at shutting up and being told what to do , which is how our education system now works .
Men who dare to think for themselves , who are independent , who do n't fit into a mold , are told they 're ' bad ' or given amphetamines until they fall in .
I 'm sure every woman on here will respond with some ' brainwashed ' or ' misogynist ' argument , but I 'm far from your masucline , beer - chugging , All - American Male .
My girlfriend is more masculine than I am , my psychiatrist approve me for sex- reassignment if I want to do it , and I was brought up by a single mother .
I have ever personal reason to wish female - domination was the norm , because then I would n't feel so out of place because of my passive - submissive nature .
' Facts ' and responses like these though make me realize that women are no better than men .
Dana Jan 31 2008 7:45 pm
Nicola , girls are taking over not by achievement or padded test scores that favor females , but because of reverse descrimination , or as other nazis like you would like to call it , affirmative action .
A process handed to people who just can't cut it
your mamma Feb 01 2008 3:32 pm
Its sad that we men have fallen to the point that we have to blame others or hidden agendas for why girls are out performing us .
Either we have to step to the plate and do better or admit that they are better than us .
thomas Feb 27 2008 11:30 am
The daughters of today are going to castrate the men of tomorrow .
GIVE UP YOUR BALLS , BOYS its over .
Anonymous Mar 20 2008 8:55 am
" The daughters of today are going to castrate the men of tomorrow .
GIVE UP YOUR BALLS , BOYS its over . " .
Luckily I wo n't need them , because tomorrow I 'm going to be a genetically / nanotech enhanced next generation human being .
And with the body irrelevant in the battle of the sexes the competition will be a tournament of minds only .
Better buff up that personality Anonymous , that 's what you 'll need where the future travels .
FNOL Mar 26 2008 1:45 am
It should read " the Hitlers of today are going to castrate the men of tomorrow " .
Hitler just replaces the word daughters , but they are one and the same .
NG Apr 25 2008 5:30 pm
Anyone who goes around with the idea that girls and women are more sensitive , thoughtful , nurturning and blah , blah , blah , needs to see the movie Odd Girl Out , and you will see that it just is n't true .
Females are just as bad as males and YOU ALL KNOW IT !
sTEVE Jun 08 2008 8:35 am
Female Superiority does not occur because Women are somehow morally superior to males .
Some are and some are n't .
Rather it occurs because Women emit what for lack of better words is a Female aspect that mentally and physically subjugates males .
The desire to be subsumed by a Woman 's inner thighs reduces a male to slave status .
For any trekkies out there , all Women are the Dolman of Elas if they get in touch with themselves and learn how to activate their control .
obedient husband Jun 08 2008 2:41 pm
I love star trek !.
A show that promoted equal rights for all and the ideas of peace , humanity and freedom from subjugation !.
FNOL Jun 17 2008 6:58 pm
The feminist movement has had a strong subliminal effect on the male population .
A lot of men have been influenced by the imprinting of the image of female superiority and have developed fetishes because of it .
Anonymous Jul 14 2008 8:05 pm FNOL , what about Mistress Beata on Angel One ?
She is probably my favorite Star Trek guest character .
obedient husband Jul 26 2008 7:23 pm
There is no such thing as female superiority .
Get off the drugs now .
Rick Oct 22 2008 5:34 pm
The feminist movement has far reaching effects in school .
In one Jr. Hi six 8th grade girls hazed a dozen 7th grd .
boys by lining them up making them remove all their clothes and sing I AM WOMAN with the change to YOU ARE WOMAN .. you are invinible ..et c . . "
Everyone thought it was hilarious .
The girls got two days detention .
There was an uproar for a while but as one girl said , now it 's a big uproar , but a few years from now , it will be ' a tradition ' .
A feminists professor commented that oneday all males will be lined up naked and sing YOU ARE WOMAN with their little wee wees showing .
The women will all laugh and applaud , the men will all shrink and obey .
She 's ivy league .
little wee wee Nov 27 2008 10:14 am
Oh , these Girls are really superior !
Yes , that 's the way we inferior stupid males must be treated in public !
And in private there 's nothing better to make us behave properly that a harsh whipping !
Nick N Nov 29 2008 6:51 am Little Wee
Wee , that never happened .
And you are dillusional and I am here to ruin the fun of the inferior liberal feminazis and their panty waste breathren .
Men are and always will be in charge .
Sorry to disappoint all of your readers of Variations and Penthouse Letters
Paul Apr 05 2009 2:30 pm
Yes the notion that females are better at everything is being imprinted on the minds of the young by female teachers who form the majority in that profession .
Anonymous Apr 15 2009 1:26 pm yes and it is a good thing girls should know they are superior boys should know they are inferior
Steve Jul 21 2009 4:08 am # 0140 - ( Sat. ) * 10/3/09
Update Oct 03 2009 1:26 pm
This is all very amusing .
People like you tend to make me lose faith in the world as 90 % of you have , seemingly , no ability to think in logical and complex terms .
We all know there are men that may as well be women and women who may as well be men .
Also , in all statistics regarding the abilities of men and women the margin is rather small maybe 5 - 10 % which is interesting , but not terribly exciting .
Given that there will always be a statistical distribution of abilities among people , male or female , there is going to be some serious overlap when it comes to cognitive and physical abilities .
So in answer to the question of which gender is superior : Women might be superior in some areas % 5 - 10 of the time .
This is nothing to get too thrilled about .
I suspect that most of the women commenting here feel like failures in their personal lives to some degree and need this madness to create the illusion that they are some kind of godlike figure to compensate .
I suggest you all go outside , take a deep breath of fresh air and go read a book on logical fallacies .
Thank you for reading .
Joe Oct 04 2009 11:22 am Little Wee Wee ...
Even if that did happen , which I sincerely doubt , those girls should have been expelled from school and considered sex offenders just like it would have happened if the boys had done it to them .
Shove this I am Woman bull poo up your ass unAmerican commie pinko .....
Gloria Steinam Oct 05 2009 3:27 am
Anyone who uses the word " poo " is an idiot .
Anonymous Oct 20 2009 9:27 pm
The future is female - there is no doubt about it .
Women and girls are outperforming men and boys in all areas and by the middle of this century , if not sooner , women will hold all the positions of power and wealth and the vast majority of graduates will be female .
Men will have to learn to take second place to the superior women in their lives , but they will adapt and become supportive husbands .
It is unlikely that the dominant females will impose a reversal of dress or seek to feminise their menfolk as feminine attire makes a woman glamourous and women will still value the male as a sexual partner .
Men will be left in their drab attire , as insignificant drones to their ambitious , dazzling queen .
Women will conquer all but men will learn to adapt and survive .
Jasmine Nov 24 2009 11:48 am
However , if the dominant females so wish it is within their power to inflict the ultimate humiliation and to force femininity upon their men and boys and force them to adopt the skirts , high heels and make up that has formally been the province of women and to impose upon them the roles of housewife , secretary , cheerleader and maid and oh for a Star Trek anology imagine a Captain Uhura in the command chair in her command gold shirt and a lowly Lt Kirk in his mini-dress announcing " Hailing Frequencies open Captain "
Jasmine Nov 24 2009 3:29 pm Mistress Beata of Angel
One should have kept Riker as a personal slave and it is too bad Picard did n't lose his trial with Ardra and have to serve Her .
One would think that by the twenty - fourth century Star Fleet would have discovered a number of Female dominant cultures but maybe the writers were too closed minded .
obedient husband Dec 01 2009 5:13 pm
I 've been around for awhile and I 've witnessed most of the changes that have taken place in the last 50 - 60 years .
I 've watched as females have nearly completely and soon will completely change positions in society with males .
It frightened me at first , but today I welcome it as I realize that females are truely superior .
One only needs to study the order of creation to realize that God created the basic things first , and that each thing he created was superior to the previous creation .
Woman was the last thing created and is indeed the most superior of all of God 's creation .
Personally , I beleive males , when compared to females are nothing more than emotional and mental infants and should be treated as such .
Males in my generation always boasted about " I wear the pants " meaning they were male and had the power .
I think it 's time for females to quit sharing the pants and take them away and put the males in dresses , skirts , and all the other pretty lacy underthings that will enhance a males sense of inferiority and submission .
I would see no harm even if females were to decide that males are so inferior that they be put in diapers for complete and absolute control of every aspect of their life .
obedient and submissive husband Dec 22 2009 1:54 pm
Each thing " he " created !
Goddess created Woman in Her own image , and created males so that Woman could have slaves .
obedient husband Dec 22 2009 5:57 pm
God created Adam and then out of his rib created Eve .
As the last of God ? s creations , the human female is the perfected version of the human male , and was endowed with superior intelligence , endurance , wisdom and grace .
The only advantage conferred upon the human male was his superior upper body strength .
Up until recently , males have used their superior physical strength as the basis of their power to build civilization and the modern world , but have abused their power by subjugating women and preventing them from using their superior intellect and wisdom for the betterment of humanity as a whole .
In the late twentieth century though , males became the victims of their own successes and propensity for warfare .
Increased technological advances over a very short period of time meant that women did not need to spend all their time confined to doing housework and raising children as labour saving appliances came into the home and freed women so that they could enter the workplace .
Technological advance favoured women as they are better at interacting with technology than the men who created it .
Technology rendered the one advantage that men had over women , their greater physical strength , redundant .
As a result of the colossal world wars that were fought in the early twentieth century and which required for the first time for women to be fully mobilized into the war effort , and as a result of political agitation from women ?s rights movements , women gained the vote and politicians had to obtain the female vote by passing laws to give women the same rights as men under the law and to provide equal access to education and to the workplace .
The economy also changed , becoming more reliant on service industries , which required the skills such as communication , customer service skills and technology at which women excelled , rather than the old manufacturing industries where men had once thrived .
Thus , by the end of the twentieth century , men had been forced to give up the political and legal advantages they had once enjoyed over women and were now forced to compete with them in the education system and in the workplace on level terms ?
except that , of course , women possessed greater intellect and wisdom than men and now that all constraints upon them had been removed they began to seriously outperform males in education and in the workplace .
Within the first couple of decades of the twenty - first century , in the western world women became dominant within the education system , the professions , the business world , communications and entertainment , politics and even the military , as they formed the majority of the officer class .
Males , by comparison , were reduced to a disadvantaged minority in all walks of life and were becoming increasingly unemployable and confined to the home as househusbands to their more successful wives .
By the middle of the twenty - first century , the gap between men and women had become a chasm and western society faced social problems as a result of high levels of male underachievement , unemployment , crime and resentment of the success of women .
In response to these problems , women across the western world formed a political movement , The Matriarchy , which advocated the superiority and domination of women and inferiority and subjugation of males for the good of society .
The Matriarchy gained widespread support from the majority of women and the movement gained power at the polls in most western countries .
The new all - female governments and legislatures soon passed laws stripping men of the right to vote and to hold public office , to own property and businesses , to be employed in the professions and to be company directors .
Men were effectively excluded from public life .
Having gained complete control of the state and the economy , the new governments concentrated on the solution to the social problems posed by the mass of redundant males , which was a programme of enforced feminization of all males under the age of 16 .
All such males were required to report to special facilities where they were forced to dress in female clothing and accessories and make up and trained to become maids and then , once trained , sent back to their homes to serve as maids .
The Matriarchy then imposed sumptuary laws upon the members of both sexes .
Women were to dress in the suits traditionally worn by men , eschewed the use of cosmetics and jewellery , and the frills and lace on underclothes was removed .
Males were forbidden to wear trousers and had to adopt the traditional dress of women , including skirts , dresses , frilly underwear , make up , jewellery and high heels .
Women considered this a small price to pay for the advantages they now enjoyed over males .
The humiliation of males was now complete as they now had to consider what pretty underwear and frock to wear each day .
That most constricting and feminine of garments , the corset and petticoat was re-introduced , to be worn by males as a means of control and humiliation and all males were required to wear them from an early age .
Thus adult males became as corseted and petticoated as any lady in the early twentieth century .
Thereafter , the upbringing of boys was to mirror that traditionally given to girls i.e as babies they were dressed in pink , then put into little girls ?
dresses and made to play with dolls , do ballet and tap , and have their ears pierced .
Then , dressed in schoolgirls uniforms , they attended classes to give them basic reading , writing and math skills only until the age of ten .
They were then to attend the Maids Academy for full training as maids , including all the skills needed to keep a home clean and tidy , sewing , embroidery and etiquette .
Particular emphasis was placed on personal hygiene , including the removal of all body hair , make up , beauty and fashion tips .
Maids passing all the exams then graduated and were assigned to the home of woman to serve her completely .
Throughout this process , boyish traits were highly discouraged and boys were made to be demure , submissive and eager to please and eager to follow the lead of a strong woman .
Electrolysis was used on all pre-adolescent boys to prevent them ever having facial or body hair and boys were taught to speak in soft , dulcet tones .
Boys were taught that women were superior in every way to them and must be obeyed .
The will of even the strongest boys was broken so thoroughly that the end product would not dare to even open his mouth to contradict a female , let alone commit any act of rebellion .
Girls attended a female only school , where boys could not disrupt classes or otherwise distract the girls , dressed in trousers and received a full education in all subjects and a full sports and extra curricular programme .
All women were educated to degree level and then entered the workplace to embark on their careers .
Throughout childhood and adolescence , women were encouraged to be leaders , to be assertive , competitive and opinionated and driven to succeed and were taught that all males were inferior to them in every way .
Naturally , over time , this meant that the male became progressively weaker physically , intellectually feeble , timid mentally and emotionally stunted , while the development of females in all these areas became enhanced .
Males became the weaker sex in every way and to the weaker sex is assigned the traditional feminine role , as distinct from the sexes .
History was taught to both sexes to show that when men were given power and responsibility , centuries of warfare and suffering were the inevitable result and that only women had the wisdom to wield power for the benefit of everybody and that allowing men any measure of power was the recipe for disaster for mankind .
Women were allowed , if they wished , to formally marry any maid in their service .
The male selected for marriage had no choice in the matter and as per his upbringing would assume the role traditionally intended for the female and would attend the wedding fully dressed as a bride .
In the ceremony , he would take an oath to obey his wife in all things and would take her name .
Thereafter , he would assume his husbandly duties as homemaker and child rearer .
When required by his wife to be presentable for her friends and business associates , he will have his hair , nails and make up done in a beauty salon , buy himself a new evening gown and dainty lingerie and become a pretty accessory to his wife on business and social meetings .
Finally , laws were passed to deprive men of any rights under the law and made them the property of their wives , mothers , or the mistress they served as a maid .
A woman had the right to punish any male or to transfer ownership of him to another mistress .
Males , helpless and dependent upon a woman for the most basic essentials of life have no choice but to submit and obey .
This is the future ??. all trends and statistics point to it .
After centuries of being held back and marginalized by men , it is now payback time .
P.S
As an inferior , but feminine male who bitterly laments not being born as a female , I would be proud to stand at the altar in my silk bridal gown , corset , petticoats and veil and submit to a strong woman and to thereafter serve her like a submissive handmaiden as I recognize that women are destined to rule .
Jasmine Jan 01 2010 3:56 pm Sounds like Regiment of Women by Thomas Berger .
obedient husband Jan 02 2010 4:39 pm
My vision is extreme , but the main points hold good and are backed up by the statistics .
Females are outperforming males and it is becoming increasingly apparent that not only is the male not superior to the female , he is not even her equal .
It is human nature that when you encounter somebody who is less able than you you will at best feel pity and be slightly patronising to that person or at worst become so irritated by their failings that you will put them down or ridicule them - this is now what is beginning to happen between the superior woman and the inferior man .
The next logical conclusion that woman will draw is that as men are inferior to them , they should not hold positions of power and responsibility , especially not over a woman , and should not even be entitled to vote .
What the future holds is hard to say but the main issue is what is going to happen to millions of inferior men , who ca n't get the traditional jobs their father 's had , wo n't retrain to do " women 's work " .
The only avenue open to men is to be pleasing to their wives and a good homemaker and father .
For those who want to be in the workplace , they will need to become more " feminine " not to the extent of adopting female dress and behaviour , but they will have to learn to speak in a more pleasing voice , pay ensure that they are well dressed and groomed , learn better communication and customer care skills and learn to multi-task .
As these are not part of the male psyche , a painful period of learning and adjustment will be required .
I can foresee that enforced cross-dressing will be increasingly used against naughty boys or house husbands who fail to keep house properly or be attentive to his wife , as women become more confident in their mastery .
Interesting times lie ahead , especially for us males .
Jasmine Jan 03 2010 6:45 am
Further to my last post , the ascendancy of female over male is already upon us - women now outnumber men in the US workforce , the world 's largest and most powerful economy and the this trend will extend to the rest of world , which tends to follow the lead of the USA .
Males are being rapidly squeezed out of the workplace and education system ( 85 % of the jobs lost in the current recession in the US were those of male employees ) and are being subtley feminised by society - witness the tighter clothing for younger men , ear piercing and even male " make up " and more and more men are now resorting to surgery to make themselves look better and younger , and are using far more products to enhance their appearance than even 10 years ago .
The long journey to the feminisation of the male is well underway and the end product will be radically different to the male of today .
Some women are already using their power to impose enforced femininity upon their menfolk as a means of asserting their dominance and maintaining control - I read about it every day .
Jasmine Jan 07 2010 1:43 pm
No , the notion of female superiority is not being imprinted on the younger generation of males .
All it does is give us gas and that warns us all about what your intentions are .
That 's when we explode and make life miserable for all of you female supremacists .
Zac Efron Jan 12 2010 11:38 am
No , tammi .
The wife in those commercials posses average intelligence , whereas the husbund is clearly a retard .
an intelligent life form Jan 12 2010 12:59 pm
If my relationship is anything to go by , girls are totally in control .
My girlfriend is not only taller than me but physically stronger too as she works out everyday .
She is more confident and assertive than me and has a better paid job with real prospects whilst my career prospects are limited .
My girl calls the shots in everything from home finances to what I get to wear .
She has sensed that I am more " feminine " in personality than her and as I am smaller and weaker she wears sports underwear and I get to wear the pretty , lacy panties and when the fancy takes her , a complete outfit of her clothes which fit me reasonably well .
I do all the cooking and housework and my girl says I will make her an sweet wife one day .
Jasmine Jan 13 2010 2:08 am
Equal rights must be demanded of all , by all .
Authority must be earned , never given freely .
an intelligent life form Jan 20 2010 6:19 pm
Are any of you celebrities ?
Julia Roberts Jan 24 2010 7:16 pm
Well , Julia , if we were surely you would have heard of us ?
Jasmine Jan 26 2010 12:05 am
The question was ' Is the notion female superiority being imprinted on the younger generation ? '
I say yes and a good thing too !
Males need to be understand that females are generaly brighter , better communicators , networkers , nourishers .
We think faster , we can endure more pain , we live longer , we are less subject to disease and all our sesnses are more acute than the males .
We are better multi-taskers and more balanced decision makers .
This is not prejudice or misandry .
Try reading a book guys !
The weight of evidence for female superiority is awesome and mounting every day .
The male brain fixated on aggression and sexual obsession makes it unsuitable to hold any decision role in society .
The poor dears are just not up to it .
The last two thoudand years is proof enough if you doubt me .
In my view tertiary education should almost exclusively reserved for females .
Its kinda going that way anyway !
Boys should be taught how to read and write and basic arithmetic .
That will be sufficient for most .
After that they can undertake vocational courses that our useful to women in society .
The dirty .
menial , brain free tasks that that the Superior gender do not wish to do .
Its really time accepted these these self evident truths and learned to live with it .
Sylvia Feb 09 2010 11:48 am Sylvia , f*ck women in society .
This is a man 's world .
You get back into the kitchen and keep your big mouth shut .
Gloria Steinam and Robin Morgan Mar 22 2010 2:02 am
Does anybody have any kleenex ?
Snot Nose Mar 22 2010 2:14 am
If women are such great nourishers , this is all the more reason for them to stay home and take care of their kids .
Feminist Man Mar 22 2010 2:15 am
Check out the website " Femulate " - it 's a scarily accurate picture of the role reversal steadily taking place between the sexes and very amusing too !
Before too long women will be wearing the trousers , literally , and men will be in dresses .
It 's the future .
Jasmine Apr 19 2010 11:55 am
About 8 % of males have color - vision deficiency compared with only 0.4 % of females , a 20 to 1 advantage for the female .
Dichromasy , the most severeform of color - vision deficiency occurs in about 2 % of males and only 0.02 % of females , a 100 to 1 advantage for women .
I took a color - vision test with my wife .
I could not determine the numbers among all the colored dots .
She tried to show me the numbers by drawing over them with a pen in an attempt to help me see the numbers .
It only made mattters worse for me .
I felt so inferior to her at that point .
She got 6 of 6 test plates correct while I got only 1 of 6 correct .
She said , " Now will you admit you are color blind ? "
What could I say ?
Color - blind Male ( green deficient ) Apr 19 2010 2:26 pm
There is no question that females have made enormous gains in educational achievement , while males have lagged farther and farther behind .
In 1985 the college population was divided about equally between males and females .
As of 2010 the college student population is about 60 % female to 40 % male , a substantial change over the 25 - year period .
There is no evidence that males are doing anything to stop this female advance .
What will the situation be 25 years from now .
A straight - line projection would suggest 70 % female to 30 % male .
Even if the trend slows a bit , we could easily end up with 65 % female and 35 % male by 2035 .
I am not sure if females are actually smarter than males on average , but what is certain is that the female develops much faster than the male and reches the various stages of maturity much earlier .
While there is evidence that the female is more mature than the male starting at birth , the maturity gap becomes most pronoumced during the teens and early 20's , coincidng with middle school , high school , and college .
I think society would be better if males started first grade one to two years later than females and that the system allow grade promotion based on achievement .
The result would be that females , on average , would progress through the grades faster while many males would be held back until they were mentally ready to master the work .
My guess is that females would finish high school in the range of 14 to 18 with an average age of 16 - 1 / 2 .
Males would finish betwen 18 and 25 with an average age of 22 .
O.K. , the boys would take 5 to 6 years lnger to get to the same place as the more mature girls , but I think they would be better able to compete with girls for admission to college .
Comments please .
Jack Apr 21 2010 7:31 pm
Jack , the way I see it is it is not just a question of girls maturing earlier than boys , which as you rightly say is an established fact and gives them the advantage in the education system , but the main issue as I see it is that the traditional gender sterotypes are STILL prevailing and that males are failing to recognise that perpetuating the old macho sterotypes and the old system of advancing males over females simply because they are males is no longer working for them - they are rejecting education because they associate it with femininity and they are terrified to identify with femininity .
The results are obvious - males are falling further and further behind when compared to females and it is very scary to think where this will lead - to millions of unemployable , unmarriagable males who feel that they have no stake in society and will commit crimes to validate their existence - I am not exaggerating here - there is a real danger of anarchy and the collapse of civilsation .
What you suggest is part of the solution but what needs to happen before anything is for males be discard the traditional male sterotype and to embrace the ready made alternative - femininity - yes it will be painful and humiliating for the male to remove his pants and put on the frilly , feminine attire usually worn by women but once the transition has taken place the femme male , stripped of redundant stereotypes , will appreciate his new found femininity and be better able to relate to women and girls and become more like them and thus hope to achieve parity with them .
The road to true equality will be achieved once all males are in skirts and can accept femininity as THE positive force in mankind 's future .
Jasmine Apr 24 2010 3:34 pm
I 've been looking at a website called the " Demale Society " , which is a secret society dedicated to the feminisation of males by petticoating , discipline , drugs and therapy to reduce or eradicate the testosterone in the male body and to inculcate into the subject feminine behaviours .
Their rationale is that males are ( largely but not totally ) responsible for the problems this planet face and by reducing their testosterene levels and reprogramming them with femininity wars and other disasters will be eradicated .
They aim to demale all males one at a time , which could take some time but will exempt some males ( called Remales ) deemed to be essential for reproduction , heavy manual work or just there to please women .
The feminisation of males sounds good , especially for a feminine male like myself who would offer no resistance - I would love to be feminised - but I was disturbed to read their SCUM manifesto .
Never have I seen the male gender described in such negative and bleak terms - it essentially said that all males are deformed females and project their negative qualities onto females while appropriating " male virtues " ( which are actually female qualities ) .
They advocate the complete eradication of males - they are not even useful for reproduction apparently - by means of women withdrawing from public life and thus bringing civilisation to a grinding halt .
Once civilisation has collapsed , women will fill the vaccum and take over and eliminate the economy on the grounds that mankind is advanced enough to become automated so that women only have to work a few hours a week .
Males who resist this process are liquidated and the survivors either end up in female attire and serving females or embittered and impotent relics living out a meaningless afterlife .
Once the males are gone , the females follow .
It is the most bleak tract I have ever read - surely the future for both women and men can be better than this ?
Jasmine Apr 24 2010 4:07 pm
By the way , in case you have n't guessed , I am a firm adovocate of male femininity .
I believe that the best interests of society will be served when traditional femininity - so derided for so long - is imposed on us males , myself included , by females to encourage or force us into corsetry , frilly knickers , bras , dresses , skirts , blouses , make up and jewellery and to strive to be beautiful and ladylike - whilst the women abandon their feminine trappings and adopt more masculine / unisex clothing which is more practical for their role of breadwinners and leaders .
I acknowledge that women are superior to men .
In the past it was assumed that men were the stronger sex , women were " feminised " which included the wearing of pretty and restrictive clothing and being forced to be submissive and pleasing .
That kind of worked in the past because men were physically stronger and were needed to build the civilisation we enjoy today .
However , the future of mankind going forward relies on brain , not brawn , and it is clear that as the intellectually superior gender , women are the future leaders , so what is happening is that women are abandoning femininity as this is no longer relevant to their new status .
Males , finding that the old male dominated system no longer works for them , are either discovering femininity for themselves or having it imposed on them by the stronger woman .
This will result in an inversion of the sexes where trousered females will rule over skirted males .
Males , once the undisputed masters of the earth , preoccupied with mastery and conquest , will become the servants of women , now preoccupied with runs in their tights , touching up their make up , and what sexy lingerie they should wear to please their dominant wife .
This is the future - males will have to adjust to learnt to serve women and do so with a pretty curtsey and a smile as they serve .
Jasmine Apr 24 2010 4:57 pm
We males , the afterthought sex ( we all start out as female in the womb ) , must cease and desist with our inbred silly notions that we are the stronger sex .
If not it will only make it harder to adapt the more the superior female organism takes prominence !
Girls are born with the more sophisticated brains , sensory superiority sheer stamina and a sexual arsenal embodied in their amazing clitorises that no boy can match .
So why all the angst ?
Lets give the girls their due before they decide to castrate us at birth !!!
Mr. Mike May 07 2010 8:29 pm
Hey there , new ( inferior ) guy again .
After a closer examination of the above comments , I was surprised to read STTG 's premise that some men jerk - off to this site .
And no , I do n't doubt it for a minute .
Leave it to the male sex to lay about having a wank while girls and women close in on us from every corner !
That alone should prove how lazy , lame and stupid my sex really is .
Whilst the House Of Patriarchal Superiority Fantasies burns to the ground , we are too busy playing with our peckers to notice .
But then , I 've never understood the " male as the weaker sex - female domination thing " that many men find so sexually necessary .
Probably because I 'm GAY !
Even at that I have a hard (? ) time getting it up when I realise where my sex his heading so willy - nilly and without a backup plan .
WAKE UP , BOYS AND SMELL THE SMOKE !!!
Mr. Mike May 08 2010 4:54 pm
Hey there , new ( inferior ) guy again .
After a closer examination of the above comments , I was surprised to read STTG 's premise that some men jerk - off to this site .
And no , I do n't doubt it for a minute .
Leave it to the male sex to lay about having a wank while girls and women close in on us from every corner !
That alone should prove how lazy , lame and stupid my sex really is .
Whilst the House Of Patriarchal Superiority Fantasies burns to the ground , we are too busy playing with our peckers to notice .
But then , I 've never understood the " male as the weaker sex - female domination thing " that many men find so sexually necessary .
Probably because I 'm GAY !
Even at that I have a hard (? ) time getting it up when I realise where my sex his heading so willy - nilly and without a backup plan .
WAKE UP , BOYS AND SMELL THE SMOKE !!!
Mr. Mike May 08 2010 5:00 pm
Men , on average , still outperform women on intelligence tests ( look it up ) .
But the public schools and the media are completely geared torwards feminism .
Women in power are more likely to abuse their power ( ever get pulled over by a female cop ) .
Women are not superior , but its time for a feminist society and we 'll all suffer because of it .
valerie p. May 16 2010 8:25 am
Boys learn differently than girls .
Girls learn best by rote and repetition .
Boys learn best by action and practice .
As a society we have consigned our boys to the bottom of the scholastic heap ( as stats now show ) , precisely because we teach them like they are girls .
One size does not fit all .
Boys need to be demonstrative in their quest to acquire knowledge .
Sitting at a desk all day bores a boy and makes him restless .
He has no outlet for the physicality he comes by so naturally .
Gender separation is necessary in schools in order to bring up male test scores .
The fact remains that males tend to occupy the upper and lower extremes on I.Q. test scores where as girls and women tend to take up the middle .
Reports that I have read have concluded that when I.Q. tests are structured to be gender - neutral , GIRLS outscore boys by approximately 3 - 5 points .
And indeed with girls proven sensory superiority ( 50 % better sight , hearing , smell , taste and memory ) , it 's no small wonder girls are poised from birth onward to exceed the accomplishments of boys .
Mr. Mike May 17 2010 1:53 pm
Boys learn differently than girls .
Girls learn best by rote and repetition .
Boys learn best by action and practice .
As a society we have consigned our boys to the bottom of the scholastic heap ( as stats now show ) , precisely because we teach them like they are girls .
One size does not fit all .
Boys need to be demonstrative in their quest to acquire knowledge .
Sitting at a desk all day bores a boy and makes him restless .
He has no outlet for the physicality he comes by so naturally .
Gender separation is necessary in schools in order to bring up male test scores .
The fact remains that males tend to occupy the upper and lower extremes on I.Q. test scores where as girls and women tend to take up the middle .
Reports that I have read have concluded that when I.Q. tests are structured to be gender - neutral , GIRLS outscore boys by approximately 3 - 5 points .
And indeed with girls proven sensory superiority ( 50 % better sight , hearing , smell , taste and memory ) , it 's no small wonder girls are poised from birth onward to exceed the accomplishments of boys .
Mr. Mike May 17 2010 2:18 pm
I wish to thank Jasmine for responding to my proposal that boys should go to school with younger girls to help offset faster maturation in girls .
To help benchmark this phonomenon , at what age or age range do boys finally " catch up " to the level of an agerage 16 - year - old girl ?
To put it another way , do you think that by 21 or 22 boys are on the level of a female age 16 ?
Jack Jun 02 2010 5:34 am Hi Jack .
I think that the answer to the question of what age range boys catch up with girls is simply , they do n't .
The female brain is wired into both hemispheres whilst the male brain is limited to just one hemisphere so a female is capable of doing more with her brain than her male peer .
As you have pointed out already , girls mature faster than boys and their concentration span is far longer whilst boys are easily distracted and have short attention spans .
The education system favours course work and group activities which girls thrive at and boys struggle with because they get distracted and have more limited communication and teamworking skills than girls .
With these disadvantages , it 's little wonder that females are now outperforming males by a wide margin at every level of the education system and that margin is getting wider each year as more girls attend higher education and more boys drop out .
Unfortunately for males , the situation does not get equal in adulthood .
A woman is a lot smarter and emotionally stronger than any man and she will always be superior to him .
Ultimately , I can see a segregation of the sexes in the education systems - girls will go to science and tech colleges to ready them for university and good careers .
The authorities will reason that it is a waste of time giving boys much education and so they will attend state schools and learn basic math and literacy and skills that will equip them for menial jobs or a future role as househusband for the superior , well - educated career woman .
Jasmine Jun 02 2010 11:24 am
I must partially disagree with the cliche ridden generalizations put forth by Jasmine in her response to Jack above .
The male brain is wired to focus on one hemisphere at a time ( predominantly ) .
The connective pathway which affords girls easier dual hemisphere brain function is undeniably thicker and enriched with a greater number of neurons than the corpus callosum of boys - yet boys perform as well as or only slightly less so than girls on I.Q. tests .
( That must irk the men- should - wear - dresses crowd ! )
It 's one thing to gloat about the obvious gains girls have made academically , but to misrepresent the scope and degree of said gains makes me wonder just how superior some women really are ?
Are they so desperate to turn the tables on boys and men that they must resort to stretching the truth ?
Would n't today 's girls be better served by their female elders if women like Jasmine chose not to adopt the very same tactics that men have used for centuries to subjugate females ?
Surely eschewing such erroneous ( though historically successful ) male nonsense would prove women infinitely superior to the biologically weaker sex !
Aw , what the hell , let 's give Jasmine the benefit of the doubt and hope that she is speaking with tongue firmly implanted in cheek ( those above the waist ! ) .
Otherwise , I have a difficult time taking her seriously when the main focus of her purportedly superior brain routinely , as if on auto - pilot , digresses into vengeance seeking fantasies concerned with ( and I 'm a Gay Man , here ! ) turning men into subservient drag queens !
Drag Queens are bar - none , the biggest bitches on der erde !
TRUST !
You DO NOT want a cross - dressing husband , housebound or otherwise !
( Been there , did that , paid the sky - high millinery bills ) .
Better you should fully castrate your " househusband " ( as you 've already done mentally with just one glance , I 'm sure ) and sew the relinquished sex organs on as your own .
Until then , save it for your next life , sweetie and spare us all the smug eugenics - just come back as a man next time and get the bloody - hell on with it !
( By the way Jazz , Gay Men and women have nearly identical corpus callosums ! ) .
Stick to the facts , dahling , before they stick to you !
Mr. Mike Jun 02 2010 8:17 pm Dear Mr Mike .
You clearly have n't read my previous posts in full as I am in fact a genetic male and do n't need to castrate any males as I have all the equipment a male should have .
I find your references to my assumed " cheeks below the waist " highly offensive the use of which reveals your low opinion of females , or perhaps it is fear , and anyway such remarks make it difficult to take you seriously .
However , I am flattered and amused that you believed me to be a genetic female as I wish I had been born as one .
I am merely an unhappy , feminine male who recognises that women are superior .
Regardless of how well boys do in IQ Tests all of the statistics I have seen show that boys are falling behind academically at EVERY level - in the US and the UK 67 % of girls leave university with good degrees compared to about 50 % of boys and the majority of undergraduates and post graduates are female .
In the UK , the majority of medical and law students are now female and again fewer males are entering these professions each year .
It is not just IQ that matters but attitude and the signs are that girls are focused on getting good grades and good careers , whilst boys get distracted and demotivated .
In the last recession ( aka the he- cession or man-cession due to the loss of million of jobs held by males ) , very few women lost their jobs as women are now the workers of the future due to their motivation , energy , better communication skills and better equipped intellectually and emotionally to function in an ever changing global economy .
In the UK , it was recently reported that the number of househusbands shot up from 60000 in 2000 to 600000 in 2010 - the main reason ?
The female spouse earnt more and the male could not equal her wage and so simple economics meant he has to stay at home and mind the house and kids .
More women , frustrated with the glass ceiling , are quitting the corporate ladder and starting their own businesses and being their own bosses and fewer men are starting businesses .
I could on , but I wo n't .
Mr Mike , the truth of female superiority is evident and if you can't handle it that is your problem .
And by the way , I wear a dress and I certainly not a bitch and I hope I come back as a woman next time .
Jasmine Jun 02 2010 10:17 pm
Jasmine , allow me to point out , if you will , that you might have overlooked my previous posts with your assumption that I have a problem admitting that the female is the distaff , biologically better put together sex .
My previous postings say exactly that .
In fact as I suspect , you may very well have read my musings but as a disgruntled , embittered outcast of either sex , are so closed off to the opinions of men that differ from your own or do not validate your fence - straddling choices , that you presume all men to be idiots .
In short , disillusioned with your own fractured existence , you have arbitrarily written off every man and boy on the planet as servant and subjugate to the sisterhood you so tragically lament being left out of by accident of birth .
Pardon me while I grab my sad rag !
How unfortunate to air such profound shortcomings in a venue so cold and impersonal as this .
Is there , perchance , therapy and surgery in your future ?
As to not picking up on your self - imposed surface attempt at gender reassignment - no sooner did I spot all that psycho- babble putting househusbands everywhere in curlers and taffeta bustiers when I found myself rummaging through my former and now deceased , tranny BFF 's chest of abandoned apparel , thus completely losing sight of your gender affiliations - wishy - washy and thus difficult to discern except with a flashlight and full - boy search , as they must be .
How can a reasonably intelligent man such as myself sit through the hysterical fantasies of a person who discounts honest discourse .
Before my opinion is on the table , you have me lumped in to a category that presumes my opinions to be lacking in both validity and experience .
I am not a hater of women .
Nor of men !
It is you , Herr Quisling that hates your own kind !
That much my pee- brained male mind somehow managed to glean from your posts .
I do not believe any one to be better than his or her opposite if it requires knocking that person down and using their prostrate body in order to hoist ones self up !
Save your self - loathing for someone who is as equally imprisoned in his skin as you are .
We all face limitations and self - doubt , but taking an entire sex down in your flames of sour - grapes is not the answer , dearest Jazz .
I did n't spend five years trying to help my above mentioned friend through his unsuccessful and eventually suicidal quest for gender reassignment and walk away with nothing .
Again , you misconstrue the facts regarding societies wholesale abandonment of boys in the classroom .
I.Q. does matter as it suggests the foundation of intelligence and the potential realization of that intellectual capacity .
You have stated that males are totally lacking in such endeavors .
BUNK !
If you feel ignorant and , ergo inferior in your undesired male form , please afford those of us at peace with our penises and testosterone the chance to break free of your men- are - little - more - than - stupid - beasts , mentality .
Is that what drove you in to wearing a dress ?
About your " facts " : girls ( in the U.S. ) have not caught up with boys in math .
Your data is no doubt skewered with the same anti-male wishful thinking of those who wish it to be so .
Like it or not , males enjoy a superiority in spatial and abstract thought that no amount of girl - favoring in the classroom has yet overcome .
it is a plus due to our supposedly inferior , poorly connected hemispheres !
Who knew !
Likewise boys have always trailed girls in reading and other rote skills ( Please see my womyn - hatin ' entry above - the one you ignored ) .
Oh , forgive me you must be stuck back on the page marked " Mourning What Might Have Been " .
I see the differences in male - female brains as complementary .
Where one leaves off the other picks up .
Males have focus while females have breadth .
One could only be superior if possessed of both .
And here is where I have an edge over the hetero - males you so belittle ( your sad self included ) : research suggests that homosexual men have a more female imprinted brain yet still within basic male parameters !
So , please do not discount the entire male race with your female wanna - be generalizations .
What you are or " posted " yourself as being , carries little clout in our discussion since you have made this , with a broad sweep of the brush , about an entire gender and not the individuals we all are .
Ignorance ( fear based , I suspect ) hears what it wants to hear .
I am the last person who would presume to try and interest you in opening your mind or accepting your biological reality .
Just do n't hem me in as a man with your psycho-sexual limitations .
I would love to be forever 21 , as alluring and sexual as I was way back when - but to ignore reality is pure denial .
I do not begrudge you your opinion - I just feel at a loss to see what should be serious discussion returned as if in a wigged - out time machine , to the realm of medieval mindsets stuck on Lords turned Ladies , corsets , gowns and serfdom .
Is this , then , Jasmine , what you would sentence the entire male sex too ?
I look forward to your next posting .
In the meantime do find a sense of humor !
Mr. Mike Jun 03 2010 3:57 pm
I realize this female superiority stuff feeds into people 's femdom fantasies , and if that 's your bag , go to it .
I like to play the submissive role myself sometimes with women but it stops as a bedroom game .
Even if women are healthier , or smarter ( and I say , IF ) or better off than men in any capacity it still does n't follow that men should serve women .
You guys and gals are just feeding your own fantasies here .
People have different strengths and weaknesses , some of them are male and some of them are female .
No gender is , by default of their gender , " superior " .
However , if people want to play that role then that 's there business .
The problem I have with all of this is the tendency among the people here to talk about males as if they are degenerate , ignorant imbeciles and believe that it is desirable to teach this to children .
By your logic any one who is handicapped must submit to the health " superior " people because they are physically inferior .
That 's the natural result from the argument here that because women have better chromosomes or recover better from illnesses that they should rule the world , LOL .
It just does n't make any sense .
Ladies , go out in the world and be as successful as you can .
That is your right and if you end up being the dominant sex , more power to you .
However , I think you will find that things are likely to just about even out and that is all .
Now that women have more opportunity it is no wonder that women are making great strides , now that there is less oppression .
The discrepancy in power was bound to start to balance out .
However , it is highly unlikely that you will achieve a matriarchal society with the " dumb " subserviant males as your hired help .
There just is n't that much difference between the sexes .
Sorry , but it does n't make sense .
Play your femdom games in the bedroom or in your own relationships if you like , but do n't you dare go infecting your male children or anyone 's children with the idea that they are just a dumb inferior male who needs to be seated at a woman 's feet in order to have any value .
Pat Jun 03 2010 7:27 pm
I was merely trying to convey the point that all of the statistics I have seen are pointing to a situation where females are gaining superiority over males in the education system and which will carry over into employment market .
Females are becoming the main breadwinners in their families so males are increasingly finding themselves as the stay at home father or are having to come to terms with the fact that they will never earn as much as their female partner .
With girls doing better and better at school and university this trend will continue and accelerate .
I believe that this will ultimately lead to a reversal of the traditional roles but I do n't advocate that males should be feminised - I am a feminine male purely by choice but can certainly appreciate that to forcibly feminise a male against his will is wrong - however , ultimately , the way things are going , power will lie with women .
This is not a fantasy , this is fast becomine reality .
I do n't disrepect males - we have our merits and the world would be a lot less interesting without us - but of late with the rapid advance of women and girls - men do appear to be losing a lot of ground to women and there are frequently articles in the press and online that express concern over a " crisis of masculinity " and and urgent need to help boys in the classroom before they fall too far behind their female peers .
Males and females are both valuable but the gender roles are becoming reversed and it is an unsettling and confusing time for both men and women .
Jasmine Jun 03 2010 10:25 pm
Mr Mike - this is not about me - I am insignificant in the grand scheme of things .
I just try to interpret the trends .
Jasmine Jun 04 2010 5:12 pm
Jasmine , I do n't find it " unsettling " that women are earning a better position for themselves in society .
What I find unsettling is the attitude towards men on this board - that they should just accept their place and sit down in the street with a burka on , so to speak .
Teaching this to children will have a severely detrimental effect on a young boy 's self esteem .
Not because he 's been beat out by a female , which is an incredibly sexist point of view in itself , but that he is incapable because he is male .
That 's the position that the feminazi bitches who advocate female supremacy advocate .
Also , there are some bitch males in the femdom community who see themselves as worthless and buy into this crap about being a lowly male worm .
As far as the statistics go , yes women may be over taking men in universities , but I do n't see it as anything but a natural balancing out .
Of course , it wo n't be 50/50 but do you honestly see society becoming completely female dominated ?
It 's unrealistic to believe that one gender could so dominate the other by sheer natural ability .
Our male dominated society has been unnaturally preserved and a female dominated society would require the same type of control to keep men down .
One thing that concerns me about young men is the immaturity and idiocy I see among the group .
For whatever reason , they do seem to be getting more irresponsible as time goes on .
If that trend continues then I can see a scenario where women will assume most of the leadership positions but it will never be total .
Remember , the greatest geniuses our world has ever known have been predominantly men .
If there is a crisis with males performing poorly in schools I think it is a cultural and social problem amongst young males , not a male defect and it can be corrected .
As for the women who need to see themsel
No unity on rules imposed in the EU to curb coronavirus
Difficult to know exactly the regulation when you want to travel to Europe currently : each country seems to decide a series ...
Michele Hanson hates camping and admits her beloved boxers are out of control .
No wonder she was n't looking forward to four days at a dog training camp .
And then it started raining . . .
Here I am at doggy boot camp .
It is raining .
Our tent is rather cramped .
We are in a large square field in Capstone Country Park , Kent , and all around the edges are pitched the tents and caravans of about 50 people and 40 or so dogs .
Nearly all the tents are bigger than ours .
I am here with my friend John Clayden and my two boxer dogs , Lily and Violet .
Clayden and I have been friends for 50 years .
We think we know each other .
He loves camping , I hate camping .
The dogs need camping , though .
That is really why I am here – to socialise the dogs , because their behaviour is fairly grim .
They tend to gang up , dash ferociously at other dogs and pin them to the ground by their necks , which is not ideal .
They weigh 4st each and I am sick of being pulled over , into ponds and flat on my face .
But it 's not their fault ; it 's mine , because they 've been badly brought up .
By me .
It is me who needs the training .
But this is n't really a boot camp .
" Here in Britain people think of a dog trainer as strict and humourless , " says Dima Yeremenko , who has run this camp for nine years .
" But really the point of this is to have fun , while you learn a lot .
Like going back to school . "
As a child in Ukraine , Yeremenko always wanted to work outdoors – to be a farmer rather than a cosmonaut – and took his first dog class at 12 .
He trained the dogs who rescued people in the 1988 Armenian earthquake ; and he takes a rehabilitation class for difficult dogs at an RSPCA rescue centre .
I once watched him train crows that happened to be hanging about while he trained my dog .
He saved his own dog from death row , after it was sentenced for bad behaviour , and trained it to perfection .
He seems able to train any dog to do anything – better still , he can train them to want to be trained to do anything , and so far , the only occasions on which my dogs have behaved perfectly have been in his presence .
But for weeks I have lived in fear of this holiday .
Would I be able to sleep in a tent ?
Would the dogs sleep at all ?
How would they cope with a mat on the hard ground when they are used to their own sofa ?
And the rule here is that they must be hand - fed with mainly dry food as a reward to assist with training .
No lovely bowls of dinner .
But because my dogs have delicate stomachs , they are used to cooked chicken , with pasta ( or rice and potatoes ) and gravy , plus a little dry dog food – a dog version of chicken soup .
I dare not own up to this .
People will think us namby - pamby townies .
And worse still , Clayden has tried out and rejected the two - bedroom tent lent to me by my daughter .
He does n't think it 's up to scratch , so he has brought his teepee instead for me and the dogs , and a mini-tent for himself .
Our accommodation seems rather basic .
The first night is rough for me , not bad for the dogs , but heaven for Clayden , because at 11 pm , my bedtime , two beautiful blonde Ukrainian singers come to our tent door asking to borrow Clayden 's guitar .
They want to sing with it round the enormous , roaring campfire .
Fabulous .
To Clayden this is now not a dog boot camp , but a dog Glastonbury .
He is off like a shot , and from my blowup mattress in the flapping teepee with the fidgeting dogs , I can hear the heavenly Ukrainians singing nearby and Clayden singing along .
He has a top - notch voice himself .
How romantic .
For the first hour .
Not so romantic for the second hour , because I am desperate for sleep .
The singing finally stops , but after that comes the deluge .
The tent flaps wildly all night .
No sleep for me , just a tiny snatch before dawn .
Then it is time for a walkie .
It is still raining .
Heavily .
I paddle off over the sodden fields and through woods to the lavatories .
Why did I come here ?
I must have known this would happen .
How can anyone like camping ?
And I can't even make myself a cup of tea .
But soon the other campers are up and about , and cheery .
It is like the spirit of the Blitz – everyone united by adversity .
" It is n't rain , " says Kathryn , a yoga teacher who has lived in Canada , " we call it liquid sunshine . "
No one whinges , and under an awning , mid-site , there is hot tea and coffee and a choice of cereals .
Better still , everyone is tremendously kind and helpful ; someone promises to help us move our tents to a quieter venue ; someone else lends me a warmer fleece ; and someone else – I will never forget this person 's goodness – gives me two temazepam , so I need not spend another sleepless , tormented night like the last one .
The other good thing about dog camp is that no one here minds if your dog misbehaves .
At home in the local parks I am often a pariah , banished to deserted areas , scowled and shouted at , shunned by many other dog walkers .
But here I am accepted , supported and understood .
I am given advice , not bollockings and vets ' bills .
So when Violet barges into another dog's tent , starting a fight ( even with her muzzle on ) for the second time running , Eric the other dog owner is still smiling , even with his tent door shredded .
Now and again a dog spat breaks out .
Everyone remains mellow .
They understand dog behaviour .
Here is Bailey , with his owner Pam .
Two other dogs approach and Bailey 's tail wags furiously .
Is he being friendly ?
No .
" That means two seconds to blast off , " says Pam , in a relaxed way .
Blast off is somehow averted .
Perhaps this is n't so bad after all .
Everywhere we go , the dogs come too : to the breakfast tent , to lectures , to restaurants , to the barbecue , to dog - dancing demonstrations , on the egg - and - spoon race , to yoga , to the lavatory , to bed , and to daily hand - feeding training .
Mine are n't much good at this at first , having lost their appetites .
Perhaps they are overwhelmed or overexcited , but look at all the other dogs , sitting down , standing up , heeling , twirling around .
We are all rather cramped together under the canopy , in the rain , but no dogs are squabbling , not even mine .
Then it 's clay pigeon shooting .
With dogs .
This will hopefully inure them to loud noise .
The sun has come out .
Better and better .
My dogs are not keen on the shooting so we retire to the site cafe .
After lunch we head to the shops for supplies , and it is here in Sainsbury 's car park , while Clayden gets the shopping , that my lack of sleep catches up with me , and I crack up .
I never have been much cop at waiting patiently .
It is now boiling hot , too hot for the dogs in the car .
There are no seats in the car park , so I have a little breakdown , throw myself on to the verge and weep loudly , like a madwoman .
With dogs .
This is how you really get to know your friends .
When you holiday with them .
And dogs .
Clayden finds me screaming with a tomato face .
He is not thrilled .
This is not a side of me with which he is familiar .
We drive sulkily back to camp , just in time for a riveting three - hour lecture on dog stress .
Dogs also need their sleep , says lecturer Amber Batson .
In some ghastly experiment , years ago , some dogs that were deprived of sleep for a week died .
And then she explains how dogs communicate .
They give a series of little warning signs before they do anything frightful : lick their lips , blink , turn their heads away , curl their lip a little , then a bit more , lower their ears , wrinkle their foreheads .
Well most normal , pointy - nosed dogs do .
But mine do n't .
Their large flobby chops , squashed faces , floppy ears and wrinkles make normal dog communication almost impossible .
This is their tragedy .
So I need to be extra quick at spotting these warning signs and then distract them , turn them the other way , offer them a quick biscuit or a flick , a little jab , some praise – anything to prevent " blast off " .
At least our new location is heaven and our new neighbours are tremendously welcoming .
And here , with my darling temazepam , I have a heavenly sleep .
Which is lucky , because the dogs are first up again in the morning , at 6.05 am .
Horrid .
Then we have a shocking event .
My dog Lily stops for a poo .
But whatever is that coming out ?
Something smooth and pale .
What can it be ?
A section of intestine ?
No .
It 's the finger of a latex glove , probably discarded by the decorators at our house last week .
I pull it out carefully ( a dog owner needs to be fairly robust ) .
And that becomes a sort of turning point for us .
Once Lily has passed the rubber glove , she perks up tremendously .
Our mood lightens .
No wonder she had been feeling peaky and gone off her food .
Soon she feels peckish again , so the morning hand - feeding session is a roaring success .
Soon my dogs are sitting , twirling , lying down , rolling over , going backwards and forwards , catching .
Some sleep and the glove have worked magic .
But there is now a new snag .
Violet has bonded with Clayden .
Her behaviour when with him is close to perfect .
With me , it is hopeless .
If he goes out of sight she is inconsolable .
She stares after him in a tense way and will concentrate on nothing else .
I feel that she is a turncoat who will do anything for a man .
Along comes Richard , a campsite neighbour .
He and his dog Roxy , a handsome German shepherd , have just attempted the Good Citizen Dog Obedience Test .
Did she pass , we ask .
" No , she was crap , " says Richard .
But are they downcast ?
No .
How could they be , with such fabulous accommodation ?
Their tent is the most spacious : living room , three bedrooms – one for him , one for storage , one for guests – awning with kitchen unit ( two gas rings ) , and dog 's swimming pool ( actually a kiddies ' paddling pool ) .
Lucky Roxy .
And what does she have for dinner ?
No dreary hand - fed dry food for her .
She is on a raw meat diet .
She eats her lamb shank on a comfy black - and - white duvet in the spacious back of a Subaru hatchback – her very own private banqueting hall .
Yes , what I had suspected from the beginning is true .
My accommodation is a slum dwelling .
Everyone else can make themselves tea without crawling on the floor , and one needs a cup of tea and a sit down now and again , because it 's all go here – one class / activity / lecture / demonstration after another : tests and awards , loose - lead walking , agility and obedience training , hand - feeding , races , walkies , barbecues , dinners and lunches in cafes and pubs , even yoga class with Kathryn , with dogs .
We stick it out for three nights and four whole days , but then , sadly , we have to come home .
Yes , I did say sadly .
Because by day three I have begun to love it .
With a luxury Versailles - style tent , I could have stayed for weeks .
Clayden has been in heaven .
To him the campfire singing was a magical experience , and this is the most delightful group of people he has ever met on a campsite .
But what sort of difference can dog camp make to me and my dogs ?
" You can modify a dog 's behaviour , " says Yeremenko , " but you can't change its character .
But you would n't want to , would you ?
You just correct a problem and replace it with a good habit .
You learn to live with a dog that 's less than perfect . "
That would be good enough for me .
But am I getting there ?
The big test is when you get home and try it when Yeremenko is not around .
So I do .
I have kept up the hand feeding and distracting , and it seems to work .
My dogs are calmer and rather well behaved .
They have stopped lunging , pulling , dashing and growling .
I take them for a walkie with my friend Rosemary .
" That was almost pleasant , " she says .
A result .
I 'd better buy a decent tent .
For next year .
Dog training : a 10 - point guide
1 Learn about the way dogs think .
Read , watch , keep up to date with research
2 Hand - feed your dog its dinner as a reward when training
3 Use encouragement not fear
4 Do n't hurry .
The dog will soon want to learn more
5 Always have new tricks up your sleeve ; do not let the dog feel that he / she knows it all
6 Use clear and consistent commands .
Always use the same word for the same thing
7 Cut down on food rewards as the dog progresses
8 Never lose your temper
9 Make training fun
10 Never give up
You can find out more about Dima Yeremenko's dog camp and training at goodboydogschool.com
Location : Spartanburg , South Carolina , USA
Neko and her siblings were rescued by some friends of mine .
I took her in when she was just seven weeks old .
She ’s so feisty and playful , but she also loves to cuddle .
When she ’s not playing , you can find her curled up next to me when I ’m working .
Mon 17 August 2009
This post is a role - play and does not reflect my individual opinion about scala accurately .
I am convinced about the capabilities and features of Scala along with the fact that it deserves the mantle of a long term replacement for Java .
However language adoption goes beyond technical capabilities , and this post is a speculation on what a typical manager might be dealing with when attempting to decide whether to switch to Scala .
So I have been reading a lot about Scala lately and even opinions about how it will be a long term replacement for Java .
I 've also read some interesting writeups about Scala adoption such as On Scala 's Future and A Tipping Point for Scala .
While I used to code a lot , my responsibilities today require me to interact with and address a lot of issues including those faced by our customers , our development teams and also engage with my peers and superiors on many other difficulties bedeviling our organisation .
This gives me little time to try out Scala .
I know I should be doing that , but sincerely I do not have the time .
So I rely on the feedback of my team , the trade journals and other influential architects within and outside my organisation .
I have heard about many developers switching from Java to Python / Ruby .
However I have heard of relatively only a smaller number of large Java shops which have done the shift - most of the switch stories I 've heard reflect a smaller sized teams .
I can feel the excitement Scala has generated amongst the development teams - the brevity , the functional programming model introduction , the exciting stuff being done concurrently et al .
I have no doubt that , given so much excitement it must really be a good language .
To introduce my organisation - it is one of those shops which service many projects concurrently .
Given the tremendous business and growth , I must confess we do not always have the luxury of being able to hire the most top notch talent .
We do have a lot of projects we use Java for , and thats a language our customers are comfortable with .
I 've had some of the senior people check out Scala to gain some feedback into the language .
But at this stage I must say I am inclined to evaluate the shift but not convinced enough to do so .
I am sure that I could if convinced drive the change to Scala incrementally .
However my fear stems from the fact that if things do n't turn out well , despite all the great advice I 've received - its going to be my rear end on the line .
So here 's some of my concerns regarding evaluating the shift to Scala and there are many of them , so some of you might be able to help me through this thought process .
Functional Programming : I 'm sure in many ways it rocks .
But my guys tell me they are not sure how to use it in the typical bread and butter applications which read from database , do some processing and write back to the database .
Does Functional Programming help me in this context ?
Will my team scale into being able to write functions with no side effects assuming thats a desirable goal ?
What if they tie themselves up in knots and my release to the customer is risked ?
I can't afford that .
Is functional programming even desirable in such contexts ?
So I am not sure if in these contexts I should just ditch functional programming and work with just normal imperative programming capabilities of Scala .
I am so confused , and afraid .
Different Syntax : While Scala runs on the JRE , its syntax is very different from Java .
From what I could gather , it is much easier for a Java programmer to read ( make sense of ) simple Python code than to read Scala code .
Is it true ?
So even if I do get compatibility in terms of the runtime environment , would I be picking up a language that is syntactically so different a language that it would involve a substantial relearning curve ?
I remember when we had to learn Java and Javascript .
For better or for worse these were indeed relatively minor modifications of the C/C++ syntax , compared to what I sense as the syntactic shift between Java and Scala .
Am I wrong ?
If so , could you help point me to resources which help me understand that Scala code is not much different than Java ?
Sample code : Guys , I need your help .
I need to see some good sample code .
Some code which reflects how a typical application is architected , designed and programmed in Scala .
And I do n't need it for a complex multi threaded actor based processing - I just need to see simple J2EE server based departmental applications maybe a simple recruitment tracking or library maintenance application .
If I find a good one , I 'll just take it and give it to my team and say - there , thats how we 're largely going to build it , and even if we make a few changes along the way we at least have a reasonable template that we can build from .
Dumbed down environment : I remember my great adventures with C and vi and make .
But my team today is very different .
They want great IDEs .
They must have syntax highlighting , autocompletion and nice refactoring capabilities .
If I ask them to move , some of them might be excited about the change and be willing to overcome these short term hurdles .
But there are some of them who will not be keen to do so and may be disinclined to support such a shift .
And at the end of the day my ability to conduct this shift is a function of my ability to carry a large proportion of them along with me .
Even when I considered a shift from svn to git , the IDE support was a big issue even though quite obviously git capabilities were really exciting .
I could n't push along that change , and in this case we are talking of changing the language .
Is this a good time to shift to Scala ?
I remember the early adopters of Java from 1996 thru 2001 .
While they gained a lot of experience , JRE and J2EE really matured only post JRE 1.3 .
Scala seems to be coming out with so many enhancements so fast , I am not sure if it has stabilised .
I am told there is a 2.8 coming out in a few months .
So if I train my team and Scala continues to change rapidly will I have to keep on retraining my team regularly ?
And what about the customers I take to production .
Will the frequent upgrades mean I end up supporting multiple customers on multiple versions of Scala ?
Maybe Scala is stable but it would be helpful for someone important enough to make a clear statement that there are no new major shifts anticipated anytime soon and that these version shifts are likely to be no faster than the JRE version upgrades ( which were fast enough ) .
Support from peers and superiors : I remember the day I decided to shift to Java .
What made the move easy for me was the sheer fact that Java was a big paradigm leap away from the then dominant C++.
Not only was it cross platform with binary compatibility thrown in for good measure , Sun ensured that it made all the right noises to appeal to the enterprise architects and all the business managers .
I see the senior developers in my team clamouring for the shift to Scala , but my peer managers and my superiors do n't display even the fraction of the enthusiasm they displayed during the Java shift .
The implication for me is that the risk cover I get when I order the shift is far lesser than what I had when I made the move to Java .
Which means if things do n't quite work out well , I 'm really going to be screwed .
Business friendliness :
I understand all the nice talk about the technical excellence of Scala .
But I really need to translate all these great language features into a projected ROI that I can use to convince others about .
So I would like to see actual case studies of applications that were moved to Scala and what impact it had on the time and cost so that I can use it to compute my ROI .
And what scares me is that learning curve may risk the initial applications long enough to push my breakeven point of shifting to Scala well beyond a 12 month and perhaps even a 24 month period .
I fear things might not be as difficult but in absence of known studies , I am likely to lean towards projecting a worst case scenario rather than an optimistic one .
So folks , I am asking for your help .
And while a lot of you may think that people like us who balk at the thought of limited IDE support are wimps , please remember that 80 % of us do n't fit into the top 20 % .
And if you would like Scala to be popular , you need us as much as we need you .
And if you are not too sure , please remember Lisp and Smalltalk are great languages as well .
Enjoy cold , fresh draft beer at home and save money too !
A glass of draft beer is about half the cost of cans or bottles .
Our kegerator kits are ideal for the home bar , patio , college activities or custom installations .
The kits make an excellent alternative to the more expensive keg refrigerator or kegerators .
Buy Your Kegerator Kit Now ! or view our complete Kegerator Conversion Kits Porfolio .
Micro Matic offers a great selection of kegerator kits to fit any installation or budget .
Order manufacturer direct for the finest and most complete kegerator conversion kits on the market today !
Kegerator conversion kits are the simplest and most economical way to convert a new or spare food refrigerator into an impressive home draught beer system or kegerator .
You can even convert a freezer into a kegerator by adding a temperature control unit .
We offer the largest selection of kegerator conversion kits on the web .
The kits have new , commercial grade components the same you would expect at your local tavern .
All our kits are easy to install with our complete step - by - step instructions .
Kegerator conversion kits are simple to assemble and make a great gift for the do - it - yourself beer lover in your family .
If you are in Canada , you cannot go without being active in any of the sports of the country .
No
Get Active
Subscribe
Support Us URL : http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v09/n870/a01.html
Newshawk : Suzanne Wills
Votes : 3
Pubdate : Thu , 1 Oct 2009
Source : Texas Monthly ( TX )
Copyright : 2009 Texas Monthly , Inc .
Contact :
Website : http://www.texasmonthly.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/2062
Author : William Martin TEXAS HIGH WAYS
Why the Unlikeliest of States -- Ours -- Should Legalize Marijuana .
In the early years of the twentieth century , as they poured across the border into Texas , Mexican immigrants brought with them a familiar and cheap intoxicant : cannabis , which they called marihuana ( in those days , it was spelled with an h instead of a j ) .
Perhaps because they were young , predominantly male , and away from home -- strong correlates of troublesome behavior -- they were seen as lacking appropriate inhibition , especially when they came to town on weekends .
Cerveza may have been more culpable , but cannabis made an easier target .
In 1914 , after a melee allegedly involving a marijuana smoker , the El Paso city government passed what is believed to have been the first law banning a drug that had been legally and widely used for at least five thousand years .
Other cities and states quickly followed suit .
Before long , marijuana was forbidden everywhere , and its use was often harshly punished .
It 's ironic , then , that nearly a century after it fired the first shot in the war on weed , the Sun City has been flirting with a cease - fire .
In January , besieged by drug wars in Mexico that killed more than 5,600 people in 2008 , almost a third in neighboring Ciudad Juarez alone , the El Paso City Council unanimously approved city representative Beto O'Rourke 's motion that the federal government hold an open and honest debate about legalizing all narcotics in the United States .
Mayor John Cook vetoed that recommendation .
" We would be the laughingstock of the country for having something like this on the books , " he said .
The incident drew national attention and some criticism , but it sparked the kind of serious conversation O'Rourke was seeking .
" No one is laughing about it , " he says .
" It 's not funny that sixteen hundred people died in our sister city in the course of one year in the most brutal fashion imaginable .
We 've had waves of violence before , but it took events of this magnitude to convince everyone that something is deeply wrong here , that we are part of the problem and we can do something to fix it .
It 's the demand that 's fueling this war .
If our drug laws were different , I will absolutely guarantee you that our body count would be different . "
O'Rourke's is no solitary voice crying in the wilderness , nor is the problem limited to Texas .
Noting that " the violence that we see in Mexico is fueled sixty - five to seventy percent by the trade in one drug , marijuana , " Arizona attorney general Terry Goddard has called for " at least a rational discussion as to what our country can do to take the profit out of that . "
In February , a blue - ribbon Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , led by former presidents of Mexico , Colombia , and Brazil , called on the U.S. to change the prohibitionist policies that drive the prices of drugs to obscene levels , enable drug cartels to amass enormous wealth , and threaten the stability of several Latin American countries , including Mexico .
What is needed , the commission said , is not tightening or tinkering with a failed war on drugs but a questioning of long - held assumptions and a willingness to change .
More recently , U.S. senator Jim Webb , of Virginia , who was Ronald Reagan 's Secretary of the Navy , called for a reexamination of American drug policy , repeatedly arguing that " nothing should be off the table . "
Politicians like Webb have historically steered clear of legalization talk , fearing that a charge of being " soft on drugs " would hurt them on election day .
Yet recent polls indicate that more than half of Americans - - up from 29 percent a decade ago -- believe recreational use of marijuana should not be a crime , and upward of 70 percent - - 75 percent in Texas - - believe adults should be able to use the drug for medicinal purposes .
Thirteen states either allow possession of small amounts or treat it as a minor violation that does not result in jail time .
This change in attitude and law is grounded in experience :
More than 100 million people acknowledge having used marijuana , 25 million in the past year .
While most recognize that this entails some risk , they 're no longer spooked by the specter of " reefer madness . "
And they know our national drug policy , which we have tried to impose on much of the world , is deeply flawed .
Only 24 percent of Americans , according to a 2008 Zogby poll , believe that the policy is effective .
In the nearly forty years since Richard Nixon declared a war on drugs , federal , state , and local governments have spent hundreds of billions of dollars on eradication , interdiction , and incarceration .
They 've seized tons of contraband , destroyed crops , and imprisoned more people than any other country , a disproportionate number of them poor and black .
Despite these efforts , drugs continue to be available to meet a remarkably stable demand .
With his giant can of worms already spilling over , Barack Obama is not going to let the prospect of legalization become an unwelcome controversy -- much like what gays in the military was to Bill Clinton -- but he has shown signs of favoring more - rational policies .
Shortly after Attorney General Eric Holder was confirmed , he announced that agents of the Drug Enforcement Administration would stop raiding medical marijuana clinics .
Soon afterward , the head of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy ( ONDCP ) , former Seattle police chief Gil Kerlikowske , said he was scrapping the war on drugs , both as a term and as a strategy , in favor of greater emphasis on prevention and treatment .
In late July , U.S. envoy to Afghanistan Richard Holbrooke revealed that our country was phasing out the eradication of poppy crops there , an exercise that he said had wasted hundreds of millions of dollars , alienated farmers , and driven people into the embrace of the Taliban , all without making a dent in the amount of opium reaching the market .
Given this change in climate , from Main Street to Pennsylvania Avenue , it 's not surprising that serious talk of legalization is in the air .
Indeed , some form seems likely to occur in the near future , driven by both democracy and demography .
A longtime pro-pot activist explained it to me this way : " Every day , some kid turns eighteen and can vote .
Every day , some eighty - year - old dies .
It 's when , not if . "
Why should n't it occur here , in Texas ?
President Nixon did the nation a disservice when he launched the war on drugs , but he also traveled to China , achieving one of the truly important and lasting positive accomplishments of his otherwise blighted terms in office .
Without seeking parallels to his failures , I 'd like to propose one to his success :
As Nixon went to China , our unlikeliest of states should go to pot .
We started it 95 years ago ; let 's end it today .
Tracing the path by which cannabis evolved from comforting friend to criminal menace is enough to diminish one 's confidence in the rationality of legislation .
In the thirties , the tough times of the Depression heightened the resentment toward Mexican workers , whose drug of choice helped make them an easy target .
A Texas state senator who spoke in favor of an anti-pot bill said , " All Mexicans are crazy , and this stuff is what makes them crazy . "
In other parts of the country , fears arose that people deprived of drink in the era of Prohibition would turn to this new and cheap source of intoxication and that many of them would behave no more respectably than those crazy Mexicans .
When marijuana did , in fact , become popular with a rising number of blacks , among them jazz musicians and their ilk , its power as a symbol of the Other gained even more potency .
Prohibitionists , politicians , cops , crusading journalists , and moralists dedicated to stamping out the noxious weed had a powerful ally in Washington .
Harry J. Anslinger , the commissioner of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics ( the predecessor of the DEA ) from 1930 to 1962 , genuinely hated drugs and believed the best way to combat them was to scare the public and punish offenders .
Although he regarded marijuana as a less serious threat than opiates or cocaine , he threw himself into the effort to demonize it , calling it an " assassin of youth " and charging that it led to violent behavior , sex crimes , and -- a favorite of his -- insanity .
Most states enacted legislation against marijuana during this period , but the key anti-pot law was the Marihuana Tax Act of 1937 , which required , among other things , careful record - keeping by doctors who prescribed cannabis to their patients .
The hearings before the Ways and Means Committee of the U.S. House lasted barely more than two hours .
Anslinger testified to the " deleterious , even vicious , qualities of the drug [ that ] render it highly dangerous to the mind and body . "
In some cases , one marijuana cigarette might trigger " a homicidal mania , " he ventured .
" Probably some people could smoke five before it would take that effect , but all the experts agree that the continued use leads to insanity . "
Dr. William Woodward , representing the American Medical Association , opposed the bill on the grounds that it placed a burden on physicians by giving them another substance to track and report on , that the matter was better left to the individual states , and that its enforcement would be extraordinarily difficult .
Woodward 's tilting at windbags had no effect , and the bill moved out of committee easily .
When it came to the House floor , it received little serious attention .
Sam Rayburn , the Texan who was House majority leader at the time , was prepared to put it to a vote when a member asked , " What is this bill about ? "
Rayburn answered , " It has something to do with a thing called marihuana .
I think it is a narcotic of some kind . "
When the member asked if the AMA supported the bill , Representative Fred Vinson , of Kentucky , who would later become chief justice of the U.S. Supreme Court , rose to say , falsely , " Their Doctor Wharton [ sic ] came down here .
They support this bill one hundred percent . "
That was enough .
It passed without a recorded vote , the Senate approved it with no debate , and Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed into law a measure that would criminalize the behavior of millions of Americans .
As soon as fear of Communism began to run high , Anslinger modified his pitch against marijuana :
The Reds would push the drug on American boys , to sap their fighting spirit and turn them into zombie pacifists .
He coupled that line of argument with an even more durable rationale :
The smoking of marijuana was " the certain first step on the road to heroin addiction . "
( The gateway theory remains the chestnut trotted out when other attacks fall short . )
Cheered on by Anslinger and a punitive public , Congress and individual states sharply increased penalties for all forms of illegal drug use .
In some states , the simple possession of pot could land you in prison for 99 years ; in Georgia , selling to a minor could bring the death penalty .
Despite this ratcheting up of ostensible deterrents , drug use continued to grow , then exploded in the sixties , joining sex and rock and roll as the main contributors to a sweeping cultural revolution .
Drugs got blamed for the upheaval , and anti-drug laws were used to harass and prosecute people whose deeper offense , other than the way they dressed and wore their hair , was rebellion against racism , social injustice , and the Vietnam War .
In a notorious 1968 case , Lee Otis Johnson , a former Texas Southern University student known for his outspoken political activism , was sentenced to thirty years in prison for passing a single joint to an undercover agent .
But as millions of white , affluent , mainstream young people began to use marijuana and other drugs -- most of them without killing anyone , going crazy , or becoming jazz musicians -- pressure mounted to rethink some of these policies , particularly those related to marijuana .
The Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 repealed most mandatory penalties for drug offenses and explicitly differentiated marijuana from harder drugs .
It also called for President Nixon to appoint a special commission to take a thorough look at marijuana .
Chaired by former Pennsylvania governor Raymond Shafer , the commission produced a report , titled " Marihuana : A Signal of Misunderstanding , " that stated that moderate use of cannabis was not toxic , did not cause physical dependency or psychosis , and did not lead to the use of harder drugs and recommended that small amounts be exempted from criminal penalties .
An irritated Nixon rejected those conclusions , but the report was a harbinger of a coming change in mind - set .
In the Texas Legislature , an Interim Drug Study Committee , led by Senator Don Kennard , of Fort Worth , and including such Senate stalwarts as Oscar Mauzy , of Dallas , and Barbara Jordan , of Houston , declared that " the public interest would best be served by making marijuana available through legal channels with carefully controlled quality and heavy taxation " and treating it as " simply another recreational drug like alcohol . "
President Jimmy Carter , with the backing of the heads of several relevant agencies , openly suggested decriminalization of up to one ounce of the drug .
That effort , however , met strong opposition from a growing anti-drug movement of parents and sank back into the realm of the unthinkable , at least at the federal level .
During the eighties , even as millions of people refused to follow first lady Nancy Reagan 's admonition to " just say no " to drugs , Congress passed a series of tough anti-drug measures , including the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 , which established the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , whose director would come to be known as the drug czar and would serve as the most visible representative of the government 's war on drugs .
To any who doubted its aim and resolve , Congress proclaimed that " it is the declared policy of the United States Government to create a Drug - Free America by 1995 . "
Although 1995 came and went without the projected victory , politicians learned that they could defeat opponents who viewed drug use as a complicated issue , to be addressed in a variety of pragmatic and sensible ways , with a belligerent pledge to throw users in the can and sit on the lid .
That tactic persists .
Today state laws vary widely .
In Alaska , possession of up to four ounces of the drug in one 's residence is legal , as is possession of fewer than 25 plants .
California treats possession of an ounce or less as a misdemeanor , punishable by a fine of $ 100 .
In Montana , possession of more than sixty grams , a little more than two ounces , is a felony offense , punishable by up to twenty years in prison and a fine of up to $ 50,000 .
In Texas , possession of less than two ounces is a class B misdemeanor , which can mean as many as 180 days in jail and a $ 2,000 fine but usually draws probation .
Since 2007 , police officers here can issue citations to adults instead of arresting , booking , and incarcerating them .
This eases the burden on law enforcement , avoids trauma for the apprehended , and helps reduce overcrowding of jails .
It does not , however , affect the status or the potentially serious nature and lasting implications of the offense .
" People think it 's like a traffic ticket , where you take a defensive driving course and it's dismissed and does n't go on your record , " says Austin lawyer Jamie Spencer , who has spent twelve years defending clients busted for drug possession .
" That 's not the case .
It is not ' just a ticket , ' because it does n't go away . "
Best case , if you plead guilty or no contest , is that you might be able to get deferred adjudication probation .
By completing requirements set by a judge -- which may include taking drug education classes , showing up at the courthouse to pee in a cup , and doing a substantial amount of community service -- you can truthfully deny having been convicted of the crime , but the record is not completely expunged .
This can be a problem if you 're seeking a license to practice law or medicine , applying for a job in law enforcement or at a government agency , requesting a federally funded loan , or bucking for a promotion .
It can also result in the loss of custody of one 's child , removal from subsidized housing , or loss of adoption rights .
The overwhelming majority of people who smoke pot stand little chance of arrest and prosecution these days , but the possibility exists as long as the law is on the books .
In 2007 , the latest year for which figures are available , police officers across the U.S. arrested 872,721 people for marijuana violations -- the largest number ever recorded by the FBI .
Almost 90 percent of these arrests were for possession only .
The rest were for sales and manufacture but included those growing the drug for personal or medical use .
Some arrestees , including some charged with possession only , are doubtless real criminals .
But it is implausible that a high percentage of cannabis consumers , captured at a rate of one every 37 seconds , pose a sufficiently dire threat to the social order to justify an annual expenditure of approximately $ 7 billion to catch and punish people for behavior demonstrably less dangerous than drinking alcohol .
Critics of cannabis cite proven negative effects of heavy use : loss of concentration and short - term memory , poor educational performance , decreased drive and ambition ( " amotivational syndrome " ) , impaired motor skills , damage to the lungs and circulatory system , increased anxiety and paranoia , and , in extreme cases , psychosis .
Defenders acknowledge these problems but note that the overwhelming majority of users are not heavy users .
Most people who smoke marijuana do so as most drinkers drink alcohol - - on an infrequent or quite moderate basis .
Although Harry Anslinger 's alarmist claim that marijuana turned its prey into homicidal maniacs and raving lunatics failed to gain lasting traction even in his own time , his assertion in the fifties that using it leads to the use of harder drugs seems plausible .
People who smoke pot are in fact more likely to try heroin , cocaine , methamphetamines , and other drugs than those who do n't ( though only a small percentage of people who use marijuana ever experiment with harder drugs ) .
Prohibition clearly plays a role in whatever validity this gateway theory has .
The ban on sales of marijuana drives users to dealers who may offer them other and more - expensive drugs .
As the prestigious British medical journal Lancet has editorialized , " Sooner or later politicians will have to stop running scared and address the evidence : cannabis per se is not a hazard to society , but driving it further underground may well be . "
The Dutch policy of selling small quantities of marijuana and hashish openly in hundreds of " coffee shops " is explicitly aimed at severing the tie between cannabis and more - dangerous drugs .
It has n't worked flawlessly or lacked for critics , but it has been more successful than the American system of prohibition .
A 2007 World Health Organization study of lifetime drug use in seventeen countries found that 42.4 percent of U.S. respondents acknowledged having used cannabis , compared with 19.8 percent in the Netherlands .
Younger people in both countries were more likely to have used cannabis , but the U.S. had higher rates in different age cohorts .
For example , only 7 percent of people under 15 in the Netherlands had used cannabis , compared with 20 percent in the U.S.
By age 21 , it was 35 percent versus 54 percent .
Even more striking , lifetime cocaine use in the Netherlands was only one percent , compared with 16.3 percent in the U.S. -- by far the highest rate of the countries studied .
Opponents of legalization attempt to counter decades of exoneration of cannabis by claiming that today 's pot is far more powerful than that smoked in earlier times -- twice as strong , three times , ten times , thirty times !
Fox News has even called it " killer marijuana . "
These assertions are not entirely false , but they 're highly misleading .
The cannabis plant contains a number of chemicals , but it is delta9 - tetrahydrocannabinol that is primarily responsible for the high associated with the drug .
It is true that growers , using agricultural techniques , have increased the level of THC to perhaps two to three times the strength of the average product available twenty or thirty years ago , but that does n't mean that smoking cannabis today necessarily produces higher levels of intoxication .
Smokers quickly learn to titrate their dosage to receive the effect they want .
Anyway , legal cannabis , like legal alcohol , would carry labels indicating its approximate strength , and regulation could set a maximum upper limit for THC content .
The most persuasive argument against prohibition is that we tried it with alcohol and it did n't work .
People did n't like it , the government lost millions in taxes , and organized crime became an established segment of American society .
Many people abstain from alcohol for a variety of reasons .
They believe it to be sinful , immoral , or unhealthy .
They 've seen it destroy lives or cause trouble in their own families and want nothing to do with it .
They 've had a bad experience with it themselves , and they believe the only way for them to avoid trouble is to stay away from it completely .
Or they 've tried it and just did n't care for the taste or the effect .
Still , hardly any of these abstainers call for a return to prohibition or believe that people who drink responsibly should be jailed , fined , stigmatized , or stripped of freedoms .
Well , many people abstain from marijuana for similar reasons , yet within this group , a ( shrinking ) majority still believe marijuana should be illegal , even for adults .
This is , to be gentle , an inconsistent stance .
Alcohol is a major killer .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , excessive use of alcohol takes the lives of 79,000 people in this country every year .
A stoned driver can also cause a fatal accident and should be treated no more leniently than if he were drunk .
But the relative risk with pot is lower than with alcohol .
A 2008 British study , known as the Beckley Global Cannabis Commission , found that drivers under the influence of marijuana were 1.3 to 3 times as likely to have an accident than sober drivers , but drunk drivers were 6 to 15 times as likely .
Alcohol is also closely linked to violent behavior , figuring in a high percentage of homicides , assaults , fights , rapes , spousal abuse , and mistreatment of children .
It reduces inhibitions , increases aggression , and can give people an inaccurate sense of their abilities , as when a small drunk decides to take on a big bouncer .
The line from alcohol to assault is not a straight one but one bent by such factors as age , education , social class , culture , setting , and individual personality .
Still , the association is strong , and we have all seen its effects .
Marijuana , in marked contrast , produces relaxation and passivity .
Occasionally users become anxious or panicky , but even then they almost never initiate a " pot - room brawl . "
In light of this , it 's peculiar that we do not blink when beer companies sponsor ball games on the Fourth of July or when Crown Royal offers itself as a perfect way to mark the birth of Jesus .
Nor were we surprised when Sarah Palin declared that she and John McCain wanted to put government back on the side of " normal Joe Six - pack "
Americans like herself , even though most in the audiences she so excited -- as well as many in Obama Nation - - believe Bud Blunt should continue to be treated as an outlaw .
Of course , alcohol is not the only dangerous drug legally available .
Tobacco is far more deadly , wiping out 440,000 Americans every year , equivalent to two fully loaded jumbo jets crashing every day .
We are steadily restricting the freedom of smokers , but no one is talking about jailing them .
Aspirin and anti-inflammatory drugs such as ibuprofen take 7,600 American lives annually , and 22,400 die from an accidental overdose of legal drugs .
And the number of deaths caused by cannabis ?
Zero .
Not zero in 2008 or some other cherry - picked year , but zero in the entire five - thousand - year history of its known use .
From time to time , we hear the tragic story of a young person , perhaps a fraternity pledge or a kid turning 21 , who dies after drinking twenty shots of alcohol .
Those who have attempted to calculate the potentially lethal dose of marijuana estimate that , if there is a lethal dose , it would probably involve smoking 20,000 joints in a single day - - a tip - off that the stoner in question had already surrendered most dreams of a productive future .
From a political standpoint , an easy first step in the effort to reform marijuana laws would be to remove or reduce penalties associated with small amounts of the drug , an approach commonly referred to as " decriminalization " or " depenalization . "
This is already in effect or under serious consideration in much of Western Europe , Australia , Canada , and Mexico and is the de facto policy in a number of states and cities in this country , even when penalties remain on the books .
For example , in 2003 Seattle voters passed Initiative 75 , directing the police and the city attorney to make enforcement of marijuana offenses " the city 's lowest law enforcement priority . "
An assessment after four years found no increase in marijuana use among youth and young adults , no increase in crime , and no adverse impact on public health .
In Texas , we might well ape this approach by lowering possession of small amounts of cannabis from class B to class C misdemeanor status -- essentially the level of a traffic violation .
This would avoid much of the inconvenience and expense for both offender and state and eliminate the stigma of a criminal conviction , but it would still leave the profit in the pockets of outlaws .
A better way to deal with marijuana -- not a perfect way but what the Economist calls " the least bad " way -- would be to legalize it outright , to remove any taint of lawbreaking and reduce the chances of capricious or discriminatory enforcement .
What would that mean ?
It would surely include the right to grow one 's own , though most people , especially urban dwellers , would prefer to let someone else handle that side of things .
Any system of legalization would involve quality control , regulation of sales , and taxation .
A number of possibilities exist .
Cannabis could be sold at drugstores and grocery stores , as it was in the early 1900's , but that seems unlikely .
Allowing liquor stores to sell the drug makes sense , but the prospect of people coming in to double up on intoxicants , one of them damned as demonic for 95 years , would surely meet public resistance .
A bill that attracted 44 percent support from voters in Nevada in 2006 recommended that , with some exceptions , retail sales of marijuana be in the hands of tobacco stores .
The bill forbade all advertising and mandated that a substantial portion of tax money , including a stiff excise tax , be used to support programs for prevention and treatment of abuse of alcohol and other drugs .
That sounds cautious enough , but it would be hard to maintain the ban on ads , and a state government in need of more tax revenue might encourage wider commercialization , just as Texas and other states push their lotteries , which amount to a tax on people with little understanding of statistical probability .
Mark Kleiman , a professor at the UCLA School of Public Affairs , has proposed a legalization scheme that would permit responsible adult users to obtain more than enough to satisfy their needs , but with built - in safeguards against glamorization or abuse of cannabis .
Under Kleiman 's Optimal Marijuana Control Regime plan , legal cannabis sales would be restricted to " state stores " similar to those that arose after alcohol prohibition and still exist in some places today .
Adults could easily obtain an individual license bearing the same number as their driver 's license or other state - issued ID .
They could purchase a generous amount of marijuana at reasonable intervals , but a record of their purchases would be kept by a central registry , just as purchases of narcotics such as Vicodin or Percocet are currently monitored , to curtail abuse .
Users convicted of marijuana - related offenses , such as driving under its influence or selling to minors , would face loss of their cannabis license .
Kleiman acknowledges that he has found few enthusiasts for his proposal , but " compared to prohibition , " he notes , " it represents a considerable liberalization , while creating much less serious threats than virtually unrestricted commerce . "
Whatever the specific system , legalization of marijuana would bring substantial economic benefits .
Harvard University economist Jeffrey Miron has calculated that it could save the nation at least $ 13 billion annually in law enforcement costs and generate more than $ 6.7 billion in revenue , assuming cannabis were taxed like cigarettes and alcohol .
According to his estimates , Texas would save nearly $ 274 million and take in $ 46.6 million in new taxes each year .
California , which legalized medical marijuana in 1996 , has already realized some of this potential .
No one doubts that the cannabis trade in the Golden State extends far beyond the afflicted .
An estimated six hundred legal marijuana dispensaries have sprouted in the Los Angeles area alone .
Some jurisdictions have moved to limit their number or zone them into particular areas , after the manner of liquor stores and strip clubs , but many have become established parts of the economy and culture .
In downtown Oakland , Houston native Richard Lee operates a cannabis conglomerate that he claims generates $ 300,000 in annual state sales tax and " about double that " in taxes to the federal government .
Estimates of possible income from full legalization vary widely , but everyone agrees it would be substantial .
Obviously , any effort to legalize marijuana will meet stiff opposition .
In addition to parents understandably fearful for their children and the hordes who 've seen the devastation wrought by alcohol and abhor the idea of making another intoxicant legally available , powerful forces have a vested interest in maintaining prohibition .
Pharmaceutical companies will not welcome a homegrown alternative to their painkillers , muscle relaxants , and antidepressants .
Some of the greatest resistance is likely to come from law enforcement .
The DEA and the ONDCP exist to oppose drugs .
The FBI , the Border Patrol , state troopers , and local police all have control of contraband as part of their mandate and , as such , have budgets and bureaucracies they do not want challenged and jobs they do not want to lose .
In fairness , their objections go beyond self - interest .
They have seen the harm drugs can do , and they know that drug traffickers are evildoers .
They may believe that legalizing marijuana would set loose a chain of developments that would be far worse than the problems we already face , although the experience of countries and states that have legalized cannabis suggests otherwise .
Whatever their reasons , most law enforcement personnel regard talk of a truce in the war on drugs as a personal and professional affront .
After his controversial attempt earlier this year to get El Paso on record as questioning the status quo , Beto O'Rourke came under attack .
" The entrenched interests are toeing the party line , " he said .
" The most virulent opposition came from retired law enforcement personnel : ' I can't believe you have let down our officers and people who have given their careers and are laying their lives on the line to keep you safe . '
It 's a way to take you off the real argument , which is whether what we are doing is working .
I was n't surprised at that .
I was surprised by an organization I did n't know about until we offered that resolution , Law Enforcement Against Prohibition .
These are retired law enforcement people -- from the Border Patrol , police , sheriffs -- who have waged the war in real life and believe it absolutely cannot be won .
These are guys who have put their lives on the line and have come back from that experience and said , ' This does n't work , ' and they are so eloquent and articulate on this subject . "
Not all who hold such views are retired .
A federal agent I 've known for many years , speaking on condition of anonymity , told me matter - of - factly , " Jack Daniel 's is no different from marijuana , as far as I can tell .
We were told that marijuana is addictive .
It is not .
Legalization has to be discussed . "
True legalization of cannabis is , for the moment , largely a thought experiment .
Not only is the U.S. a signatory to the 1961 United Nations Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs , which demands the prohibition of marijuana , but it has exercised pressure on countries that have considered legalization .
There is a legal mechanism for opting out of the Single Convention , and many countries would welcome such a move by the U.S.
But it 's unlikely .
It is not impossible to imagine , however , that a state could institute a legalization scheme that would be allowed to stand and could serve as a model that other states would emulate , just as twelve states have followed California 's lead in legalizing medical marijuana ( and several others are poised to do so ) .
A state that decided to allow the production and sale of marijuana and was able to show that this policy increased government revenue , cut into the profits of criminals , and reduced hardship on its citizens , all without a troublesome increase in usage or social harms , could probably get away with it .
California is openly toying with such a strategy .
Texas is not , but it could and should .
The largest and most powerful Mexican traffickers -- the Gulf , Sinaloa , and Juarez cartels -- view Texas as both a major market and a vital conduit for shipping drugs into the U.S. , forming alliances with local gangs that handle sales in their territory and move the product outward to other regions .
Legalizing marijuana would not only dry up the Texas market for illegal pot , it would disrupt the chain of delivery from the Texas - Mexico border northward .
It would also greatly reduce contact with customers who might be enticed into buying cocaine , heroin , and methamphetamines .
If a smaller or less influential state were to go the legalization route , it might be ignored as insignificant or quashed as a warning to others .
( Who knew that Alaska already allows its citizens to possess enough cannabis for a hundred joints ? )
If California does it , other states will smirk for a while , writing it off as more Left Coast looniness , then gradually fall in line with similar measures of their own .
In the meantime , billions more dollars will be wasted and millions more lives harmed .
But if Texas , famous for its independent spirit and conservative mien , were to legalize marijuana , the world would take note , and great and beneficial change would sweep across the country .
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
The biggest question Twitter users have from the debate : Can we mute the mics next time ?
The president interrupted both the moderator and Biden at least 128 times .
WASHINGTON  The Obama administration plans to change White House policy by releasing the names of thousands of visitors whose comings and goings traditionally are kept secret by presidents .
President Obama said Friday the change follows a lengthy legal review .
The policy change resolves four lawsuits filed by a watchdog group , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) , against the Obama and Bush administrations seeking details on White House meetings .
Until now , Obama had followed the Bush policy of keeping visitor logs secret .
News organizations and watchdog groups had sought to make the records public to show who was influencing administration policy on health care , financial rules and other issues .
" We will achieve our goal of making this administration the most open and transparent administration in history not only by opening the doors of the White House to more Americans , but by shining a light on the business conducted inside , " Obama said .
" Americans have a right to know whose voices are being heard in the policymaking process . "
The new policy would begin in mid-September .
Electronic visitor logs maintained by the Secret Service would be released three to four months after visits are made .
The disclosure would include who set up the meeting , where it was held and for how long .
Specific requests for visits before Sept. 15 would be dealt with individually .
Exceptions would be made in cases of national security , extreme confidentiality — such as a visit by a future Supreme Court nominee — and strictly personal visits to the first family , including daughters Malia and Sasha .
About 70,000 to 100,000 people visit the White House each month .
Visitors ' names have been released on occasion , usually as a result of court battles .
The Bush administration settled several court cases in 2006 by releasing visits to the White House by lobbyist Jack Abramoff , who was convicted of bribing public officials .
In the pending CREW lawsuits , a federal district court judge ruled that the records should be released under the federal Freedom of Information Act , but the Obama administration appealed .
In July , the White House acted on one case , voluntarily releasing the names of health care executives who visited earlier this year and the dates of those meetings .
CREW executive director Melanie Sloan said the change will help shed light on administration policymaking .
" It can be a big deal to know who 's there , " she said .
In recent years , groups such as Judicial Watch and the Sierra Club fought to learn who then - vice president Dick Cheney met with on energy policy , who Bill and Hillary Clinton met with on health policy , and which fundraisers were invited to the Clinton White House for sleepovers .
Obama pledged during his campaign to run the most transparent administration in history .
He expanded access to presidential records and told agencies to more freely disclose information upon request .
He pledged to detail how hundreds of billions of dollars in economic stimulus money is being spent .
And he released Bush - era memos on the harsh treatment of terrorism suspects .
The administration refused to release photos of that treatment , however , and its effort to put more data online has gone slowly .
" They found that transparency was harder to live with than it was to promise , " Sloan said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
CHICAGO -- The Tribune Co. has reached a written agreement to sell the Chicago Cubs , Wrigley Field and other assets to the family of TD Ameritrade founder Joe Ricketts for about $ 900 million , a person close to the negotiations said Monday .
The agreement was reached over the weekend and a document outlining the deal -- called a term sheet -- was sent to Major League Baseball for review , according to the person , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the agreement had not been announced .
The term sheet is not a final agreement , according to the person , who added that it contains details on how the Ricketts family will finance the deal .
The deal also would give the Ricketts family a 25 percent interest in a regional cable television sports network .
Tribune Co. would not confirm an agreement had been reached .
" We continue an active dialogue with the Ricketts family with an eye toward reaching a definitive agreement , " spokesman Gary Weitman said in an e-mail .
" We do n't intend to comment on the specifics of any potential transaction . "
The team has been on the market since 2007 , when real estate mogul Sam Zell announced his $ 8.2 billion purchase of Tribune Co .
The financially troubled media giant filed for bankruptcy last December but the Cubs were not included in the filing .
Tribune Co. announced in January that the Ricketts family bid had been selected over two others for the team .
Cubs fans have greeted the news enthusiastically , in part because the Ricketts family in general , and the family point man in the bid in particular , are viewed as loyal Cubs fans .
Tom Ricketts has figured prominently in the selection process , from his days living across the street from Wrigley Field to the day he met his wife in the bleachers of the storied park .
Ricketts fueled the perception that he is among the loyal with his initial public statement about the plan to purchase the team .
" We share the goal of Cubs fans everywhere to win a World Series and build the consistent championship tradition that the fans deserve , " Ricketts said at the time .
But negotiations lasted longer than expected , complicated by factors such as Tribune Co. 's financial straits as well as the Ricketts ' efforts to secure financing during the recession .
On Monday , though , Cubs manager Lou Piniella expressed optimism about the deal .
" I 'm glad to see that things are progressing , " he said .
" Yeah it 's a positive thing for this organization .
It 's been a while .
It was good news .
I heard it when I came to the ball park and I was very pleased . "
Piniella said he has not met Tom Ricketts , but " I heard he 's a fine gentleman and will be a really nice owner . "
Like Rip van Winkle , it seems that the American antiwar movement is – finally – waking up , although , like the original Rip , it does n’t seem to have changed its idle ways .
" A restive antiwar movement , " avers the New York Times , " largely dormant since the election of Barack Obama , is preparing a nationwide campaign this fall to challenge the administration ’s policies on Afghanistan . "
Just how restive , however , is a matter of some ambiguity .
No real national protests have been called by any significant antiwar grouping .
Instead , we are to be treated to scattered local protests .
The Times reports that , in response to the administration ’s announcement that they ’re sending 20,000 more troops to Afghanistan ,
" Antiwar leaders have engaged in a flurry of meetings to discuss a month of demonstrations , lobbying , teach - ins , and memorials in October to publicize the casualty count , raise concerns about the cost of the war , and pressure Congress to demand an exit strategy . "
Oh , but there ’s a slight problem : that old reliable " lightning rod for protest , " George W. Bush , is gone , replaced by a liberal icon whom " progressives " are loath to criticize .
Antiwar organizers , we are told , " face a starkly changed political climate from just a year ago , " but what the article fails to mention is that this change has taken place among a very narrow group of people .
Progressives who were jumping up and down denouncing Bush ’s war are silent – and even , in the case of groups like VoteVets , enthusiastic supporters – when it comes to Obama ’s wars .
Yet the real change , and far more significant , is the one taking place in the population at large , among Republicans as well as Democrats .
A new Washington Post / ABC
News poll finds , for the first time , that a majority of Americans think the Afghan war is " not worth it . "
The breakdown is even more ominous for the Obamaites : of the antiwar contingent , 41 percent feel strongly , while on the other side , only 31 percent feel that way .
The belief that the U.S. and its dwindling band of allies can reasonably expect to win the war is similarly wavering .
What support the president has managed to maintain on this issue has a soft underbelly highly vulnerable to continued bad news from the battlefield – which is one reason why the administration has hired the Rendon Group , whose marketing job for Ahmed Chalabi worked out so well , to vet " embedded " reporters in Afghanistan .
The Obama crowd , like its predecessors , knows full well the value of controlling the narrative .
Now if only they can declare a " cyber- emergency " and seize control of the Internet , as Jay Rockefeller ’s bill envisions !
Yet not even that would succeed , I ’ll wager : the American people are sick and tired of constant wars , and it does n’t matter if the commander in chief is a Democrat , a Republican , or a Vegetarian .
This is a reality the War Party has had to contend with ever since the Founders ’ time , and as our old republic morphed into an Empire , it has been increasingly a problem for our rulers .
Americans have a natural antipathy to meddling in the affairs of other peoples , a sentiment often derided as obstinate " isolationism " by our all - knowing elites , who , of course , know better .
More bad news for the War Party : hostility to overseas adventurism is amplified in times of economic trouble , when it seems – to any ordinary person , that is – as if we have enough problems to deal with right here at home .
Why , they want to know , are we engaging in " nation - building " in Afghanistan , of all places , when our own country seems to be literally falling apart at the seams ?
This is precisely why the New York Times piece rings so hollow when it gets to enumerating reasons for the general lack of enthusiasm among progressives for opposing the Afghan war : you see , " The health care battle is consuming the resources of labor unions and other core Democratic groups . "
Is it really necessary to point out that funding for the healthcare programs these groups say they want is being diverted into the Afghan money pit ?
Congressman Ron Paul , the libertarian Republican whose anti-interventionist views set him apart from the other GOP presidential contenders , rightly argues that if we would " just get rid of the Empire " we ’d have enough to subsidize healthcare for every American – and then some .
Of course , Rep. Paul , being a libertarian , opposes government - subsidized healthcare , but I ’m just sayin ’ – if American progressives really , really want these programs , then why are n’t they fighting for them by demanding an end to a war that will wind up devouring any chance for a fiscally feasible national healthcare system ?
The reason , I believe , is because , as Jon Soltz , leader of VoteVets.org , puts it , " People do not want to take on the administration .
Generating the kind of money that would be required to challenge the president ’s policies just is n’t going to happen . "
It ’s fascinating to watch " antiwar leaders " like Soltz – who openly supports the invasion and occupation of Afghanistan – move in the opposite direction from the rest of the country .
What " people " do n’t want to take on the administration ?
Why , Soltz and his oh - so - progressive friends who run Democratic front organizations , that ’s who .
Rank - and - file progressives , however , have a very different view .
The Washington Post / ABC
News poll shows almost eight in ten self - identified liberal Democrats saying the war is n’t worth it , a precipitous 22 percent decline in support since March from that particular demographic .
A development with even more potential significance is the lack of support among reliably pro-war Republicans : a mere 58 percent say the U.S. is winning the war in Afghanistan .
As the pollsters put it [ .pdf ] :
" The changes have not come in Obama ’s base alone .
Looking just by partisan affiliation , support for decreasing the U.S. deployment has risen by 20 points since January among Democrats , but also by 15 points among independents and by 12 points among Republicans .
Since March , views that the war ’s been worth fighting have lost 14 points among Democrats , but also 7 points among independents and Republicans alike . "
The major rationale – a purely political one , I might point out – for the Afghan war among Democrats , and the argument advanced by " centrists " against the antiwar base , is that exhibiting " weakness " in foreign policy matters opens the administration and the party in general to attacks from Republicans .
Yet if a good part of the GOP ’s own base is increasingly disenchanted with our Afghan adventure , then that excuse becomes ever less credible .
This just adds to the irony of the " official " antiwar movement ’s notorious left - sectarianism , which effectively excludes conservative and libertarian speakers at antiwar events and refuses to address the concerns of ordinary , middle - class Americans .
Contra Soltz , while money is an important factor is building an effective antiwar movement – we ’ve just finished a particularly grueling fundraising drive , as I probably need n’t remind you – it is hardly decisive .
What ’s more important is the depth of commitment , and that is what seems truly lacking in what passes for the antiwar movement these days .
The Times cites Tom Andrews , national director of Win Without War , as saying " ’ most liberals ‘ want this guy to succeed ’ " and fear the unfolding disaster in Afghanistan " could be a devastating albatross around the president ’s neck . "
Whether this is a prescription for picking up the pace of liberal antiwar protests , in order to alert the Obama administration to the danger , or a rationale for inaction , so as not to have that albatross weigh even heavier around the Dear Leader ’s neck , is not at all clear – although I rather suspect the latter .
A visit to the Web site of the main antiwar coalition , United for Peace and Justice , reveals little urgency when it comes to the Afghan war , and I note the only national actions scheduled for fall are being launched by groups other than UFPJ .
Evidence of those " local actions " calling for an end to the Afghan war is scant : a search of their events calendar notes very few .
Of course , since UFPJ is dominated by the old Commie network – the remnants of the CPUSA and its social democratic split - off , the Committees of Correspondence – this is hardly surprising .
These people have long been a drag on the antiwar movement , stifling the creation of a broad - based anti-interventionism in favor of saddling protests with the familiar litany of liberal demands .
Now Obama ’s campaign for free ice cream has totally eclipsed the ostensibly antiwar aims of the movement , inducing near complete paralysis .
While the " official " antiwar movement – which most certainly does not include this Web site – is sleepily rubbing its eyes and reluctantly responding to the president ’s alarming escalation of the " Af - Pak " war , the determination of some elements of the movement is admirably unequivocal : " In the next year , it will more and more become Obama ’s war , " says Perry O’Brien , president of the New York chapter of Iraq Veterans Against the War .
" He ’ll be held responsible for the bloodshed . "
Really ?
While I would n’t hold my breath , I ’d love to be pleasantly surprised .
I should point out , however , that it is n’t just the president who makes our wrong - headed foreign policy , it ’s the Democratic Party establishment , in coalition with its Republican equivalent .
The entire apparatus of the party machinery , its leaders , and a great many of its most active foot - soldiers – including those in the media – are beholden to the War Party and amenable to its decisive influence in the world of Washington politics .
As long as the " official " antiwar movement is merely the tail on the Democratic donkey , there will be no effective opposition to our war - crazed foreign policy , at least not in this country .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
Our summer fundraising campaign , as I mentioned above , was particularly brutal this go - round .
I was beginning to wonder if it would ever be over – and I ’ll bet you were , too .
Okay , well , it ’s over and done – but that does n’t mean we get to slack off here at Antiwar.com , either in the fundraising department or in any other aspect of our activities .
For all the reasons advanced above , and a few others I did n’t have time or space to go into , the antiwar movement in the Age of Obama is in some pretty dreadful shape .
What ’s more , the danger of war – of a horribly destructive world - destabilizing war – has never been greater .
No , not even under Bush .
The reason is that the Afghan operation – which the more honest military analysts and policy wonks are admitting will take at least a decade , perhaps two , before " victory " can be safely declared – is opening a huge can of worms in Central Asia , one that I ’m afraid future historians will liken to Pandora ’s box .
The various post -Soviet republics that surround the battlefield on the " Af - Pak " front are fragile , without much legitimacy , and potential cauldrons of Islamist extremism .
Our foray into this region is likely to bring us into conflict with the two other major players , Russia and China .
And as the key role of oil interests in determining our aggressive Eurasian policy becomes more widely known , anti-Americanism and its attendant terrorist manifestations is bound to go on the upswing .
Antiwar.com exists to keep you informed of these developments , with up - to - the - minute reporting and the most pointed foreign policy commentary on the Web , and we are working day and night to do our job .
Thanks to the ongoing generosity of our readers and supporters , we are able to continue with our work – and for that we are immensely grateful .
But do n’t think we ’re taking your support for granted : the staff of Antiwar.com is determined , now more than ever , to earn your support each and every day .
Correction :
This article originally referred to United for Peace and Justice by the name of one of its member groups .
We regret the error .
COVID cluster : Golf club 's liquor license revoked
The State Liquor Authority suspended the liquor license at Twin Ponds golf course in New York Mills after coronavirus violations at a wedding .
The code for this toy is contained in this page , and is available under both the GPL and MIT licenses .
View source and help yourself .
Due to the Coronavirus " panic " going on right now and the increased volume of business , shipping may take 10 weeks .
Sorry for this inconvenience as we get through these uncertain times .
Dehydrated Food Storage.com you will find all your home dried food storage available in # 10 and # 2.5 cans !
We provide not only the lowest prices out there on the internet today , we provide the highest quality grade ingredients in each and every can .
Choose from the largest selection of dried and dehydrated foods including : drie d fruits , dried vegetables , pancake and waffle mixes , dairy , wheat and grains , beans , and much much more !
Perfect for long term storage , emergency preparedness , 72 hour kits , and everyday use .
Here atyou will find all your home dried food storage available in # 10 and # 2.5 cans !
We provide not only the lowest prices out there on the internet today , we provide the highest quality grade ingredients in each and every can .
Choose from the largest selection of dried and dehydrated foods including : , and much much more !
Perfect for long term storage , emergency preparedness , 72 hour kits , and everyday use .
Select from one of the dried food categories :
Why Dehydrated Food Storage.com ?
Free Shipping -
We offer FREE SHIPPING for all orders through UPS Ground .
No matter what size the can , shipping is free on orders over $ 29.99 !
Quality Dried Foods -
Highest quality grade ingredients in each and every can .
Large Selection - Choose from 22 of our complete dehydrated food and freeze dried food categories .
Easy Secure Ordering - Order online or by phone .
We accept all major credit cards ( Visa , Mastercard , Discover , and American Express ) , Paypal , Check or Money Order .
Great Customer Service - 100 % satisfaction guaranteed !
The woman " immediately began to cry and asked him where his tattoo went .
The male replied that he had never had a tattoo and told her that she must have hooked up with his brother who had a tattoo .
She realized at this point that this was not the person that she had previously had sexual relations with , " said the warrant .
She told police that she got out of bed and tried to leave , but the Jared " grabbed her arms and threw her on the bed , where she continued to cry , " and he continued to rape her , the warrant states .
Jared eventually drove the woman home , but could not find the way , even though Joe had previously visited there several times , she told police .
He told her Joe who had a steady girlfriend , did not want to meet her that day , but " he told me to go for it .
" She told police she later received a text message from Joe 's cell phone , the same one Jared had allegedly used to speak with her earlier , and the message read : " I want to apologize for what my brother did last night .
I had no idea what was going on until this morning .
" Jared surrendered to police Friday and posted $ 50,000 bond .
He is to be arraigned on charges of first - degree sexual assault and criminal impersonation Sept. 8 . Oops , did we forget to mention : Jared is a police officer !
He has been on paid administrative leave from the force since July 23 , pending the outcome of an internal investigation .
The weekend is always a busy day in Yoyogi Park .
There are plenty of people out strolling , picnicking , playing ball and generally having a good time .
You will also often find some street dancing going on which can provide a unique view of Japan that you do n’t normally see .
The following group of guys , looked like they were getting fully in to the spirit of Grease Lightning .
Not only had they spent time on their outfits , but the hair styles were also quite befitting of the period .
There were plenty of onlookers interested with many tourists getting their cameras out to take some snaps .
This guy looked like the leader and had to be different to the others .
Taking his shirt off achieved that purpose , particularly when he revealed some full back tattoos as well .
Meanwhile , about 2 minutes walk away , there were many more tourists out taking a pleasant stroll down towards Meiji Jingu .
The pace seemed a bit quieter down there and the cool breeze was very pleasant .
The Ornaments of Japan exhibition is currently on at Meiji Jingu and can be seen here in the background along with the Tokyo2016 Olympic Bid flags .
More Information
There is a nice article about the Iris Garden at Meiji Jingu at The Nihon Sun .
A great site about Meiji Jingu in English here as well .
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
The Pathfinder Reference Document contains all errata to the Roleplaying Game line of products as of 9/30/2015 , and errata from the Pathfinder Campaign Setting : Technology Guide as of 12/16/2014 .
9/13/2018 - The Pathfinder Reference Document will no longer be updated , but is available for reference in its last updated state .
Paizo has partnered with Archives of Nethys to provide the community with online versions of the Pathfinder RPG rules at pfrd.info .
You can learn more about this change on the Paizo blog .
( Read More )
This blog post is going to describe a C program that toggles some CPU and chipset registers directly to enable Direct Cache Access without needing a reboot or a switch in the BIOS .
A very fun hack to write and investigate .
Special thanks …
Special thanks going out to Roman Nurik for helping me make the code CSS much , much prettier and easier to read .
Special thanks going out to Jake Douglas for convincing me that I should n’t use a stupid sensationalist title for this blog article :)
Intel I /OAT and Direct Cache Access ( DCA )
From the Linux Foundation I/OAT project page :
I /OAT ( I/O Acceleration Technology ) is the name for a collection of techniques by Intel to improve network throughput .
The most significant of these is the DMA engine .
The DMA engine is meant to offload from the CPU the copying of [ socket buffer ] data to the user buffer .
This is not a zero -copy receive , but does allow the CPU to do other work while the copy operations are performed by the DMA engine .
Cool !
So by using I /OAT the network stack in the Linux kernel can offload copy operations to increase throughput .
I/OAT also includes a feature called Direct Cache Access ( DCA ) which can deliver data directly into processor caches .
This is particularly cool because when a network interrupt arrives and data is copied to system memory , the CPU which will access this data will not cause a cache - miss on the CPU because DCA has already put the data it needs in the cache .
Sick .
Measurements from the Linux Foundation project indicate a 10 % reduction in CPU usage , while the Myri-10G NIC website claims they ’ve measured a 40 % reduction in CPU usage .
For more information describing the performance benefits of DCA see this incredibly detailed paper : Direct Cache Access for High Bandwidth Network I/O .
How to get I / OAT and DCA
To get I / OAT and DCA you need a few things :
Intel XEON CPU(s )
A NIC(s ) which has DCA support
A chipset which supports DCA
The ioatdma and dca Linux kernel modules
and Linux kernel modules
And last but not least , a switch in your BIOS to turn DCA on
That last item can actually be a bit more tricky than it sounds for several reasons :
some BIOSes do n’t expose a way to turn DCA on even though it is supported by the CPU , chipset , and NIC !
Your hosting provider may not allow BIOS access
Your system might be up and running and you do n’t want to reboot to enter the BIOS to enable DCA
Let ’s see what you can do to coerce DCA into working on your system if one of the above applies to you .
Build ioatdma kernel module
This is pretty easy , just make menuconfig and toggle I /OAT as a module .
You must build it as a module if you cannot or do not want to enable DCA in your BIOS .
The option can be found in Device Drivers -> DMA Engine Support ->
Intel I /OAT DMA Support .
Toggling that option will build the ioatdma and dca modules .
Build and install the new module .
Enabling DCA without a reboot or BIOS access : Hack overview
In order to enable DCA a few special registers need to be touched .
The DCA capability bit in the PCI Express Control Register 4 in the configuration space for the PCI bridge your NIC (s ) are attached to .
The DCA Model Specific Register on your CPU(s )
Let ’s take a closer look at each stage of the hack .
Enable DCA in PCI Configuration Space
PCI configuration space is a memory region where control registers for PCI devices live .
By changing register values , you can enable / disable specific features of that PCI device .
The configuration space is addressable if you know the PCI bus , device , and function bits for a specific PCI device and the feature you care about .
To find the DCA register for the Intel 5000 , 5100 , and 7300 chipsets , we need to consult the documentation :
Cool , so the register needed lives at offset 0x64 .
To enable DCA , bit 6 needs to be set to 1 .
Toggling these register can be a bit cumbersome , but luckily there is libpci which provides some simple APIs to scan for PCI devices and accessing configuration space registers .
#define INTEL_BRIDGE_DCAEN_OFFSET
0x64 #define INTEL_BRIDGE_DCAEN_BIT
6 #define PCI_HEADER_TYPE_BRIDGE
1 #define PCI_VENDOR_ID_INTEL
0x8086 /* lol @ intel */ #define PCI_HEADER_TYPE
0x0e #define MSR_P6_DCA_CAP 0x000001f8 void check_dca ( struct pci_dev * dev ) { /* read DCA status */ u32 dca = pci_read_long ( dev , INTEL_BRIDGE_DCAEN_OFFSET ) ; /* if it 's not enabled */ if ( !( dca & ( 1 << INTEL_BRIDGE_DCAEN_BIT ) ) ) { printf ( " DCA disabled , enabling now .
" ) ; /* enable it */ dca |= 1 << INTEL_BRIDGE_DCAEN_BIT
; /* write it back */ pci_write_long ( dev , INTEL_BRIDGE_DCAEN_OFFSET , dca ) ; } else { printf ( " DCA already enabled !
" ) ; } } int main ( void ) { struct pci_access * pacc ; struct pci_dev * dev ; u8 type ; pacc = pci_alloc ( ) ; pci_init( pacc ) ; /* scan the PCI bus */ pci_scan_bus ( pacc ) ; /* for each device */ for ( dev = pacc -> devices ; dev ; dev=dev -> next ) { pci_fill_info( dev , PCI_FILL_IDENT | PCI_FILL_BASES ) ; /* if it 's an intel device */ if ( dev->vendor_id == PCI_VENDOR_ID_INTEL ) { /* read the header byte */ type = pci_read_byte( dev , PCI_HEADER_TYPE ) ; /* if its a PCI bridge , check and enable DCA */ if ( type == PCI_HEADER_TYPE_BRIDGE ) { check_dca( dev ) ; } } } msr_dca_enable ( ) ; return 0 ; }
Enable DCA in the CPU MSR
A model specific register ( MSR ) is a control register that is provided by a CPU to enable a feature that exists on a specific CPU .
In this case , we care about the DCA MSR .
In order to find it ’s address , let ’s consult the Intel Developer ’s Manual 3B .
This register lives at offset 0x1f8 .
We just need to set it to 1 and we should be good to go .
Thankfully , there are device files in / dev for the MSRs of each CPU :
# define MSR_P6_DCA_CAP 0x000001f8 void msr_dca_enable ( void ) { char msr_file_name [ 64 ] ; int fd = 0 , i = 0 ; u64 data ; /* for each CPU */ for ( ; i < NUM_CPUS ; i++) { sprintf ( msr_file_name , " /dev/cpu/%d/msr " , i ) ; /* open the MSR device file */ fd = open ( msr_file_name , O_RDWR ) ; if ( fd < 0 ) { perror ( " open failed ! " ) ; exit ( 1 ) ; } /* read the current DCA status */ if ( pread ( fd , &data , sizeof ( data ) , MSR_P6_DCA_CAP ) != sizeof ( data ) ) { perror ( " reading msr failed ! " ) ; exit ( 1 ) ; } printf ( " got msr value : %*llx
" , 1 , ( unsigned long long ) data ) ; /* if DCA is not enabled */ if ( !( data & 1 ) ) { /* enable it */ data |= 1 ; /* write it back */ if ( pwrite ( fd , &data , sizeof ( data ) , MSR_P6_DCA_CAP ) != sizeof ( data ) ) { perror ( " writing msr failed ! " ) ; exit ( 1 ) ; } } else { printf ( " msr already enabled for CPU %d
" , i ) ; } } }
Code for the hack is on github
Get it here : http://github.com/ice799/dca_force/tree/master
Putting it all together to get your speed boost
Checkout the hack from github : git clone git://github.com/ice799/dca_force.git
Build the hack : make NUM_CPUS =whatever Run it : sudo ./dca_force
Load the kernel module : sudo modprobe ioatdma
Check your dmesg : dmesg | tail
You should see :
[ 72.782249 ] dca service started , version 1.8 [ 72.838853 ] ioatdma 0000:00:08.0 : setting latency timer to 64 [ 72.838865 ] ioatdma 0000:00:08.0 : Intel(R ) I / OAT DMA Engine found , 4 channels , device version 0x12 , driver version 3.64 [ 72.904027 ] alloc irq_desc for 56 on cpu 0 node 0 [ 72.904030 ] alloc kstat_irqs on cpu 0 node 0 [ 72.904039 ] ioatdma 0000:00:08.0 : irq 56 for MSI / MSI -X
in your dmesg .
You should NOT SEE
[ 8.367333 ] ioatdma 0000:00:08.0 : DCA is disabled in BIOS
You can now enjoy the DCA performance boost your BIOS or hosting provider did n't want you to have !
Conclusion
Intel I /OAT and DCA is pretty cool , and enabling it can give pretty substantial performance wins
Cool features are sometimes stuffed away in the BIOS
If you do n't have access to your BIOS , you should ask you provider nicely to do it for you
If your BIOS does n't have a toggle switch for the feature you need , do a BIOS update
If all else fails and you know what you are doing , you can sometimes pull off nasty hacks like this in userland to get what you want
Thanks for reading and do n't forget to subscribe ( via RSS or e-mail ) and follow me on twitter .
P.S .
I know , I know .
I skipped Part 2 of the signals post ( here 's Part 1 if you missed it ) .
Part 2 is coming soon !
References
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates smiles as he is honoured by India for his charity work in New Delhi .
Gates told the audience he was forced to give up on the social networking phenomenon Facebook after too many people wanted to be his friend .
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates said he was forced to give up on the social networking phenomenon Facebook after too many people wanted to be his friend .
Gates , the billionaire computer geek - turned - philanthropist who was honoured Saturday by India for his charity work , told an audience in New Delhi he had tried out Facebook but ended up with " 10,000 people wanting to be my friends " .
Gates , who remains Microsoft chairman , said he had trouble figuring out whether he " knew this person , did I not know this person " .
" It was just way too much trouble so I gave it up , " Gates told the business forum .
Gates was in the Indian capital to receive the Indira Gandhi Prize for Peace , Disarmament and Development , awarded by the government for his work for the charitable organisation , the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .
The foundation , built by his massive fortune , has committed nearly one billion dollars to health and development projects in India , targeting especially AIDS and polio .
Gates also confided to the audience that he was " not that big at text messaging " and that " I 'm not a 24 - hour - a - day tech person " .
" I read a lot and some of that reading is not on a computer , " he said .
Gates , who sought to drive a vision of a computer on every desk and in every home , said the information technology revolution had been " hugely beneficial " but added : " All these tools of tech waste our time if we 're not careful . "
( c ) 2009 AFP
The Senate 's deciding to clear Dodd comes just a couple of days after the SEC gave a sweet heart deal to Bank of America - which , according ot the SEC , had misled investors about a several - billion - dollar loss .
The Senate 's decision comes just weeks after the Department of Justice took less than 48 hours to arrest and beging criminally proceedings a Goldman Sachs employee for theft of trade secrets .
Judges , are you paying attention ?
You are the only remaining protectors of individual rights .
Congress and the Presidency has been purchsaed .
Barack Obama accepted nearly $ 1 million in campaign contributions from Goldman Sachs .
Larry Summers has accepted payments from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks
Yes , I was once a member of the Federalist Society .
I know all of the arguments against " judicial activism . "
There are , however , three branches of government .
The Executive and Legislative branches have all bowed down to Wall Street .
That leaves the last remaining branch - the Judiciary .
As a matter of separation of powers , federal judges have a constitutional duty to fight back .
Refuse to take anything the Executive or Legislative Branch says at face value .
They have no credibility - nor does anyone who claims that the Judiciary Branch should " defer " to these corrupt officials .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) - Sometime in the next six years , astronauts bound for the International Space Station may find themselves strapped inside a private commercial spacecraft known as Dragon .
The Space Shuttle Discovery lands at Edwards Air Force Base in California , September 11 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Danny Moloshok
They would take off from a refurbished launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station built by privately held Space Exploration Technologies ( SpaceX ) , the same firm that owns the Dragon capsule , its Falcon launch vehicle and the helicopters that would pluck the capsule from the sea on its return .
Hiring others to fly crews to the space station is a necessity for the United States , which has shut down manufacturing lines for the 28 - year - old space shuttle program .
After two deadly accidents and operating costs 20 times more expensive than originally planned , the shuttles are due to be retired in late 2010 following six more missions to complete construction of the space station , a $ 100 billion project involving 16 nations .
Beginning this year , station - bound astronauts will be transported solely by Russia , which sells rides to the U.S. government at a cost of about $ 50 million a seat .
The U.S. space agency NASA plans to develop a new space transportation system which , in addition to reaching the space station 225 miles above Earth , can travel to the moon and other destinations even farther away .
But an independent panel of 10 aerospace executives , tapped by President Barack Obama , assessed NASA ’s plan and found it not viable , with the proposed new transport launcher ’s debut coming a year or so after NASA is scheduled to take the space station out of orbit in 2016 .
“ The program is fatally flawed , ” panel head Norm Augustine , testified to Congress this week .
With a $ 3 billion hike to NASA ’s $ 18 billion annual budget , the panel estimates the country can restore beyond - Earth exploration programs .
It suggests , however , the United States turn to commercial providers to ferry crews to orbit , as an alternative to paying Russia .
SpaceX , which already holds NASA contracts to deliver cargo to the station outpost , figures it will cost the government about $ 20 million a seat for round - trip travel aboard Dragon .
“ We ’re trying to free NASA ’s money and talent to tackle the tough problems of going beyond Earth orbit rather than running a trucking service to Earth orbit , ” Augustine said .
“ We think we ’re at a situation a little like the airlines were when the government stepped in and awarded contracts to carry the mail .
That was the thing that made the airlines viable , ” he added .
RISKS AND OPPORTUNITY
Nevertheless , critics say commercial firms are not ready to take on the business of flying astronauts to space .
“ To confuse the expectation that one day commercial transport of crew will be there with the assumption of its existence in the near term , I think is risky in the extreme , ” former NASA administrator Mike Griffin said at a Congressional hearing this week .
“ There will be a day when the U.S. government , as one option , can turn to commercial providers , but that day is not yet and it is not soon . ”
While the government weighs its options , commercial space advocates are moving ahead .
On September 3 , SpaceX signed a contract worth $ 50 million to deliver 18 communications satellites for telecoms company Orbcomm .
That is in addition to its $ 1.6 billion contract with NASA and a backlog of other business .
Earlier this year , Aabar Investments of Abu Dhabi bought a 32 percent stake in aspiring suborbital space operator Virgin Galactic , a unit of Virgin Group , in a deal valued at $ 280 million .
Though Virgin Galactic is mostly known for courting well - heeled tourists for $ 200,000 rides , it is developing a complementary business to launch satellites from its spaceship ’s carrier aircraft , a vehicle named White Knight .
“ The systems that have been developed are not only going to be good for the government , but good for the private sector and that lowers the cost substantially for everyone , ” said Mike Gold , who oversees Washington D.C. operations for Bigelow Aerospace , which plans to launch three - person habitats in space for research and commercial customers .
“ NASA should no longer have the luxury of building systems that can only be utilized by the government , ” Gold said .
“ The entrepreneurial space industry has never been in this strong of a position , but it ’s a window of opportunity and if they do n’t do the right thing it could be 10 years before we see true commercial and space utilization develop . ”
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) 
An Indiana court has ruled that a pizza shop must pay for a 340 - pound employee 's weight - loss surgery to ensure the success of another operation for a back injury he suffered at work — raising concern among businesses bracing for more such claims .
The Indiana Court of Appeals decision , coupled with a recent Oregon court ruling , could make employers think twice before hiring workers with health conditions that might cost their companies thousands of dollars down the road .
" This kind of situation will happen again ... and employers are undoubtedly worried about that , " said Lewis Maltby , president of the National Workrights Institute in Princeton , N.J. , an offshoot of the American Civil Liberties Union .
Boston 's The Gourmet Pizza must pay for lap - band surgery for Adam Childers , a cook at the store in Schererville , under last month 's Indiana ruling that upheld a 4 - 3 decision by the state 's workers ' compensation board .
Childers , who was then 25 , weighed 340 pounds in March 2007 when he was accidentally struck in the back by a freezer door .
Doctors said he needed surgery to ease his severe pain , but that the operation would do him no good unless he first had surgery to reduce his weight , which rose to 380 pounds after the accident .
His employers agreed to pay for the back surgery , but argued they were not obligated to pay for a weight - loss operation that could cost $ 20,000 to $ 25,000 , because Childers already was obese before he was hurt .
The board and the court , however , said the surgery — and disability payments while Childers was unable to work — were covered because his weight and the accident had combined to create a single injury .
They said Boston 's did n't present any evidence that his weight had been a medical problem before the accident .
Boston 's attorney , Kevin Kearney of South Bend , said the company has asked the court to hear the case again .
He declined to comment further .
The Dallas - based company , which has more than 50 franchise stores in 25 states , also declined to comment Wednesday .
" There 's actually a string of cases across the country that have reached similar conclusions , " said Childers ' attorney , Rick Gikas of Merrillville .
He cited cases in Ohio , California , Oregon , Florida and South Dakota , including some dating back to 1983 .
The most recent was in Oregon , where the state 's Supreme Court ruled Aug. 27 that the state workers ' compensation insurance must pay for gastric bypass surgery to ensure that a man 's knee replacement surgery was effective .
But some believe the Indiana case — which experts said reflects general rules of workers ' compensation law — could have a chilling effect on business .
" The case in Indiana kind of draws a line in the sand , " said Tom Lynch , CEO of Lynch Ryan & Associates , a Wellesley , Massachusetts - based consulting firm that helps businesses manage workers compensation .
What 's different , he said , is that it was based not just on state law but on principles used in several states .
" I think employers are going to be really upset about this , " said Maltby , whose group generally advocates for workers .
Gikas said Childers has lost some weight on his own during his two years off .
Court records said he had also tried to quit smoking .
He 's still awaiting the surgery .
Both Lynch and Maltby said the issue wo n't go away soon , in part because one - third of American adults are considered obese .
Last year , at least 220,000 obesity surgeries were done in the United States , says the American Society for Metabolic & Bariatric Surgery .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
On August 4 we discussed the possibility of openSUSE defaulting to KDE during the installation routine .
This was raised as a feature request within the openSUSE community , and quickly gained the favour of many , become the most popular request .
The openSUSE board and variousother leader within the project have discussed the issue , and have decided that yes , from now on , openSUSE will default to KDE during the installation process .
Before we detail the rationale behind this decision , let ’s make it absolutely clear that this decision does not mean GNOME will be removed from the installation routine .
All it means is that in the desktop selection screen of the installer , KDE will be selected by default , with GNOME as the other option .
Michael LÃ¶ffler of Product Management announced the decision on the opensuse - project mailing list .
“ After consideration of the project discussion I discussed the feature request further with the openSUSE Board and other leaders within the openSUSE project and came to the decision to follow the request : we will default the radio button to KDE in the DVD installer , ” he writes , “ Therefore , with openSUSE 11.2 release , the KDE desktop will be installed if the user accepts the default setting .
Users can also choose the GNOME desktop at this stage . ”
He further adds that GNOME will still be treated as a top - class and equal citizen , and that they will continue to strive to offer a top - notch GNOME implementation .
“ We want to make clear that both desktops are considered equal citizens within the openSUSE Project , and this will not have any impact on the quality of the GNOME desktop within openSUSE . ”
A good decision , and there was really no way around this one for the project .
It was quite clear that KDE is the preferred desktop of a large majority of the openSUSE community , so it only makes sense to make it the default .
At Technology Review 's EmTech conference last week , MIT professor Joel Schindall told the audience at a panel on energy storage why ultracapacitors may have a significant role to play in our transportation future .
The good properties of these devices — fast charge / discharge cycles and an essentially unlimited number of cycles — make them a compelling choice for powering an electric vehicle .
Schindall also explained why their downside , a far lower charge density than batteries , might not be as much of a problem as it might appear at first glance .
Schindall , who had spent some time away from academics , explained that during his first stint at MIT , a capacitor that could hold 350 Farads would have filled the whole stage .
Before he returned , someone working on fuel cells had accidentally produced the first ultracapacitor .
Now , with refinements , he was able to walk on stage with a 350 Farad ultracapacitor that was about the size of a D battery .
The current generation of devices use activated carbon to hold charges , as its highly complex topology creates a lot of surface area across which charge differences can build up .
Although the improvements have been dramatic , Schindall said that ultracapacitors still badly lag batteries in terms of the storage density , holding only about five percent of the charge per volume of lithium batteris .
Which is unfortunate , because they have some properties that would make them excellent for a variety of applications , including very rapid charging and the ability to withstand many more charge cycles than a battery .
Schindall claimed they could be recharged indefinitely , since " greater than a million times , to me , is indefinite . "
Schindall 's research group has focused on replacing the disordered structure of activated carbon with a more ordered one that can increase the packing : carbon nanotubes .
His research group has developed a vapor deposition process that can grow densely packed , vertically oriented clusters of carbon nanotubes on conducting surfaces .
Current industrial processes for the production of carbon nanotubes tend to produce a variety of diameters and lengths , but Schindall told Ars that the process his group has developed keeps everything very regular — he was actually surprised by how even the lengths were .
Right now , he claims that the energy density of the nanotube - based devices are double that of activated carbon , and he expects that he 'll be able to get that number up to five times that within a matter of months .
At that point it 's off to commercialization .
Even if he hits the five - fold improvement target , astute readers will note that that 's still only one - quarter of the charge density of a battery .
For the right use , however , Schindall said that 's OK ; he went on to suggest that electric vehicles might be the perfect use case .
Right now , cars are overprovisioned with storage capacity in order to keep the battery operating within a narrow capacity range , which improves its performance and extends its life .
Even then , the long term viability is a problem given that many vehicles last more than a decade or see heavy daily use .
Replacing it with something that 's a bit larger but does n't require replacement or any sort of careful charge management might , in the long run , make a lot more sense .
Schindall also pointed out that the pattern of use from driving — rapid discharge for acceleration , quick bursts of charge from regenerative braking , and the need for things like lunch - hour recharging — all match an ultracapacitor 's properties more than a battery's .
Schindall is n't the only one pitching ultracapacitors as a viable solution for vehicles ; most notably , a company called EEStor claims to have made a similar charge density breakthrough using a ceramic material .
We had the chance to ask Schindall about this .
He said that , while the company 's choice of materials should provide a viable route to charge storage , a number of people in the field are skeptical of their charge density claims .
While he recognizes the need to keep information proprietary , he felt the company could reveal quite a bit more without risking its intellectual property .
The fact that it had n't , he said , made him a bit skeptical .
Since carbon nanotubes appear to be largely an evolution of existing technology , they may provide the boost that ultracapacitors need to take a bit of the market from batteries — providing that Schindall 's research group can hit its goals .
Former Justice Department lawyer John
Yoo is fighting back against a recent inspectors general report that criticized the Bush administration 's warrantless surveillance programs established in the wake of the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center .
" The best way to find an al Qaeda operative is to look at all e-mail , text and phone traffic between Afghanistan and Pakistan and the U.S. , " Yoo wrote in a* Wall Street Journal * op -ed Thursday , " This might involve the filtering of innocent traffic , just as roadblocks and airport screenings do . "
Yoo was responding to a report released last week by five inspectors general from several agencies who questioned the government 's legal grounds for launching the programs without approval from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court .
The IG 's stopped short of calling the programs illegal but criticized the flawed memos that Yoo authored , which offered the government legal justification for its actions .
Yoo was a deputy assistant attorney general in the DoJ's Office of Legal Counsel when the Bush administration tapped him to write the classified memos as an end - run around his Justice Department superiors .
The memos have been slammed by congressional representatives and fellow Justice Department officials for misinterpreting the law in order to grant the government de-facto approval for powers it had already secretly seized .
In his response , Yoo accused the inspectors general of forgetting their U.S. history and of playing to the media - stoked " politics of recrimination . "
He argued that in wartime , the president should have almost unlimited power .
Yoo , who is currently a law professor at the University of California , Berkeley , cited past presidents who seized the same kinds of power in times of war , and said that the nature of the 9/11 attacks called for swift action , which would have been thwarted had the administration followed legal procedures for surveillance .
The government has only admitted to date that it eavesdropped on phone calls and e-mails where one party was overseas and one party was suspected of being an agent of Al Qaeda or other terrorist group .
It has never acknowledged the accounts from whistleblowers that it conducted wholesale collection of domestic internet communications and phone records , although officials have publicly hinted that there were surveillance programs beyond the eavesdropping on phone calls .
The IG report also states that the government 's terrorist surveillance program involved multiple projects .
In his defense of the Bush administration 's actions , Yoo took inspiration from the actions of former President Franklin Roosevelt who , prior to the U.S. joining World War II , authorized the FBI to intercept domestic and international communications of persons " suspected of subversive activities . "
" FDR did not hesitate long over a 1937 Supreme Court opinion ( United States v. Nardone ) interpreting federal law to prohibit electronic surveillance without a warrant , " Yoo writes .
" Indeed , he continued to authorize the surveillance even after Congress rejected proposals from his attorney general , Robert Jackson , to authorize national security wiretapping without a warrant . "
Yoo , however , does not address why , if the government had historical precedence on its side , it needed to seek approval for its plan from him , while keeping his immediate boss , as well as then - Attorney General John Ashcroft , in the dark about the program .
Yoo 's direct supervisor , Assistant Attorney General Jay Bybee , told the inspectors general that he was not " read into " the surveillance program and had no idea how Yoo " became the White House 's guy " to advise it on serious constitutional matters .
Attorney General John Ashcroft also did not learn details about the program until later .
In 2003 , other Justice Department lawyers who read
Yoo 's memos found them seriously flawed , and said his descriptions of the programs did n't accurately represent the nature of the surveillance the government was doing .
This led to a now - famous showdown at the hospital bedside of Attorney General John Ashcroft as the administration tried desperately to keep the Justice Department from shutting down a datamining surveillance project .
FBI director Robert Mueller and Deputy Attorney General James Comey threatened to resign over the program unless it was brought under compliance with the law .
The inspectors general report criticized Yoo 's memos particularly for ignoring the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , known as FISA , which requires the Justice Department to seek approval from the FISA Court for domestic national security surveillance .
Yoo , however , said FISA was an obsolete law that had n't been written " with live war with an international terrorist organization in mind . "
" It is absurd to think that a law like FISA should restrict live military operations against potential attacks on the United States , " he said , saying that the 9/11 Commission had found that " FISA 's wall between domestic law enforcement and foreign intelligence proved dysfunctional and contributed to our government 's failure to prevent the 9/11 attacks . "
The wall Yoo refers to , however , was not a product of FISA but of the Justice Department itself , which the Commission found had , under former Attorney General Janet Reno , interpreted procedures to separate domestic law enforcement investigations from foreign intelligence national security investigations too rigidly , which prevented intelligence agencies from sharing crucial information with the FBI and others that might have helped prevent the 2001 terrorist attacks .
Photo : AP / Susan Walsh
See also :
Allen Stanford arrives at federal court for a hearing sporting hand cuffs , leg irons and an orange jumpsuit in Houston September 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Richard Carson
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Allen Stanford , the alleged mastermind of a $ 7 billion fraud , is back in his jail cell after suffering a mild concussion , broken nose and two black eyes in a prison brawl last week , his lawyer said on Monday .
Stanford , 59 , was injured in a fight on Thursday with a fellow inmate at the Joe Corley Detention Facility in Conroe , Texas , and was hospitalized over the weekend .
“ I do n’t have any reason to believe that he was targeted in some way because of who he is , ” said Kent Schaffer , Stanford ’s court - appointed attorney .
Schaffer said he had no details of the altercation , or who else was involved .
“ He ’s in reasonably good spirits although he was feeling a lot of physical discomfort , ” Schaffer told Reuters .
“ He was trying to get rest yesterday afternoon after he returned to the jail . ”
Stanford has called conditions in the prison “ intolerable ” and has requested a transfer out of the facility , 40 miles north of Houston , where he has been held since his arrest in June .
He has denied allegations that he ran a Ponzi scheme targeting clients of his offshore bank in Antigua .
He faces life in prison if convicted of all 21 criminal charges against him .
Last month , Stanford spent five days in the hospital undergoing heart tests .
Fifty years of U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) research on glacier change shows recent dramatic shrinkage of glaciers in three climatic regions of the United States .
These long periods of record provide clues to the climate shifts that may be driving glacier change .
The USGS Benchmark Glacier Program began in 1957 as a result of research efforts during the International Geophysical Year ( Meier and others , 1971 ) .
Annual data collection occurs at three glaciers that represent three climatic regions in the United States : South Cascade Glacier in the Cascade Mountains of Washington State ; Wolverine Glacier on the Kenai Peninsula near Anchorage , Alaska ; and Gulkana Glacier in the interior of Alaska ( fig. 1 ) .
Figure 1 . The Benchmark Glaciers .
Glaciers respond to climate changes by thickening and advancing down - valley towards warmer lower altitudes or by thinning and retreating up - valley to higher altitudes .
Glaciers average changes in climate over space and time and provide a picture of climate trends in remote mountainous regions .
A qualitative method for observing these changes is through repeat photography — taking photographs from the same position through time ( fig. 2 ) .
The most direct way to quantitatively observe changes in a glacier is to measure its mass balance : the difference between the amount of snowfall , or accumulation , on the glacier , and the amount of snow and ice that melts and runs off or is lost as icebergs or water vapor , collectively termed ablation ( fig. 3 ) .
Positive mass balance occurs when accumulation is greater than ablation and if maintained over long periods results in glacier growth .
Conversely , sustained periods of negative mass balance , where accumulation is less than ablation , results in glacier shrinkage .
A shrinking glacier thins faster near the terminus ( the lowest part of the glacier ) than near the head ( the highest part of the glacier ) , which is why the terminus retreats up - valley while the glacier head remains in place ( fig. 2 ) .
The net balance is the average mass balance over the entire glacier for one glaciological year , the time between the end of the summer ablation season from one year to the next .
Figure 2 . Retreat of South Cascade Glacier , Washington , during the 20th Century and the beginning of the 21st Century .
Figure 3 . Diagram of a glacier showing components of mass balance .
The USGS measures accumulation and ablation using a network of stakes distributed over the glacier ( fig. 4 ) .
USGS scientists visit each site in spring and autumn ( sometimes more often ) to keep a running tally of accumulation and ablation for each stake .
These stake measurements , along with local temperature and precipitation data , allow USGS scientists to estimate the glacier net balance , as well as the seasonal winter ( total accumulation ) and summer ( total ablation ) balances that sum to the net balance .
Figure 4 . Setting a measurement stake at South Cascade Glacier , Washington .
Regional climate exhibits strong control on glacier mass balance , and over decadal time scales mass balances correlate with regional climate change .
Glaciers in coastal , maritime locations ( such as Wolverine Glacier ) exist primarily because of high snowfall rates , despite warm low - elevation temperatures .
Glaciers in continental or interior climates ( for example , Gulkana Glacier ) exist primarily because cold temperatures result in low ablation .
During climate changes , coastal glaciers are more sensitive to changes in precipitation ( or the storm tracks that bring precipitation ) , whereas interior glaciers are more sensitive to changes in temperature .
The 50 - year mass balance records for these three USGS Benchmark Glaciers show annual and interannual fluctuations that reflect the controlling climatic conditions .
Mass - balance data are presented here in three ways to show different aspects of the response of glaciers to climate : ( 1 ) cumulative net balance , ( 2 ) seasonal mass balance , and ( 3 ) mass turnover .
Cumulative Net Balance
The cumulative net balance is the total loss or gain of glacier mass since the beginning of the study period and is presented as spatially averaged thickness change ( fig. 5 ) .
South Cascade Glacier lost mass at an almost constant rate during the late 1950s to the late 1960s , then gained mass until 1976 , and has been losing mass at a fairly constant and rapid rate since 1977 .
At the same time that South Cascade Glacier was gaining mass in the early 1970s , Wolverine Glacier was losing mass .
The roles reversed in 1977 , as South Cascade Glacier began to lose mass once again while Wolverine Glacier began to gain mass and continued to do so until 1989 .
The opposite trends for these two maritime glaciers were the result of a shift in the winter storm tracks coming from the northeast Pacific Ocean .
This shift most likely was due to a shift in the phase of the Pacific Decadal Oscillation ( PDO ) , which is an ocean - climate oscillation ( similar to the El Niño Southern Oscillation ) in which the pattern of ocean surface temperatures and atmospheric pressures in the North Pacific Ocean oscillates on about a multi-decadal timescale .
In its warm phase , the PDO tends to be associated with more northerly storm tracks , which in the past provided moisture for the growth of Wolverine Glacier at the expense of South Cascade Glacier .
The PDO cold phase tends to be associated with more southerly storm tracks directed at the Washington coast ; South Cascade Glacier has tended to gain mass from this moisture at the expense of Wolverine Glacier .
Gulkana Glacier is inland and relatively isolated from maritime influences ; therefore , the glacier has not responded distinctively to shifts in the PDO and to positions of winter storm tracks .
Figure 5 . Cumulative net balance of South Cascade , Wolverine , and Gulkana Glaciers ( Josberger and others , 2007 ) .
Densities of snow and ice differ considerably and before glacier - average thickness changes in each material can be summed to the net balance , the changes must be converted to a common basis .
By custom , the common basis is " meters water equivalent " ( MWEQ ) , which is the thickness of water that would result from melting a given thickness of snow or ice .
Since 1989 , the cumulative net balances of all three glaciers show trends of rapid and sustained mass loss .
This synchronous decline could be the result of recent climate changes that are stronger than the PDO - induced variations of the earlier periods of record .
Seasonal Mass Balance
The cumulative net mass balance describes long - term trends in the glacier shape and size , that is , whether the glacier is growing or shrinking .
On the other hand , seasonal balances ( fig. 6 ) can reveal whether variations in temperature or precipitation are primary factors for observed changes .
For example , several years of unusually high snowfall during the late 1970s and early 1980s caused the subsequent growth of Wolverine Glacier .
Figure 6 shows the strong influence of regional climate .
The net balance of Wolverine Glacier ( yellow bars ) tracks the winter balance ( blue bars ) more closely than the summer balance ( red bars ) , in accordance with its location in a coastal climate .
Conversely , the net balance of Gulkana Glacier is best correlated with summer balance as expected because of the drier , continental climate of interior Alaska .
Figure 6 .
Time series of winter balance ( net accumulation — blue ) , summer balance ( net ablation — red ) , and net balance ( yellow ) for the three benchmark glaciers ( Josberger and others , 2007 ) .
For all three glaciers , the summer balance records show that consistently more ablation took place during the period from 1987 to 2004 than did prior to 1987 .
This change , when coupled with a reduction in accumulation ( thin snowpacks ) , has resulted in very negative net balances .
This is exemplified by 2004 , when strongly negative summer balances ( fig. 6 ) resulting from record high temperatures and low precipitation , also set the stage for large , intense wildfires that burned in Alaska .
Despite drought conditions , the warm weather caused excessive melting of glaciers in Alaska and consequent flooding of many glacier - fed rivers .
One interpretation of the trend towards increasing summer melt at the Benchmark Glaciers is that climate changes that are larger in scale and intensity than periodic shifts in ocean conditions ( PDO ) are underway .
Despite increasingly negative summer balances in the 1980s and 1990s , South Cascade Glacier did have a few years of positive mass balance ; the most significant occurred in 1999 , following the record 1998 – 99 winter snowfall .
Snowy winters would have to occur much more frequently in the future to reduce or reverse mass loss from the glacier .
Mass Turnover
A third way to explore the mass balance history of these three glaciers is by examining mass turnover , which describes the amount of water moving through the glacier system and the intensity of the local hydrologic cycle .
Mass turnover is estimated by averaging the absolute values of winter and summer balances .
Large mass turnover is typical of coastal , maritime glaciers where winter precipitation and snow accumulation are large .
These glaciers can extend far down - valley to warm , low elevation regions ( sometimes to sea level ) where high ablation rates offset abundant maritime snow .
In drier climates , such as the Rocky Mountains or interior Alaska , glaciers typically have relatively small mass turnover .
With low total snowfall , glaciers in these areas melt before they extend far down valley .
In accordance with these concepts , figure 7 shows that higher turnover rates occur at South Cascade and Wolverine Glaciers than at Gulkana Glacier .
The USGS Benchmark Glaciers each exhibit a long - term trend of increasing mass turnover , which have become more well - defined and stronger from 1985 to 2005 .
Increased intensity of hydrologic cycling provides the simplest interpretation for the trend .
Figure 7 .
Mass turnover of the three benchmark glaciers .
( 5 - year moving averages are plotted as lines ) .
( Josberger and others , 2007 ) .
Conclusions
The net mass balance of a glacier is the difference between the mass gain through accumulation of snow and the mass loss through ablation .
A glacier that is in balance with the current climate will have zero net balance and a steady size .
A glacier that is out of balance with the current climate will grow ( advance ) or shrink ( retreat ) depending on how the climate is changing ( colder or wetter climate will cause advance , warmer or drier climate will cause retreat ) .
The USGS has been monitoring the mass balance of three glaciers in the Pacific Northwest and in Alaska for nearly 50 years .
This mass balance record is now sufficient to interpret glacier responses to short - and long - term climate changes in the Pacific Northwest , the Alaska Coast , and the Alaska interior .
What have we learned so far ?
All three glaciers have lost mass since USGS monitoring began more than four decades ago .
Mass loss has accelerated during the last 15 years , coincident with the highest melt years on record .
Mass balance of the coastal South Cascade and Wolverine Glaciers correlate well with the PDO during the first few decades of the period of record , showing the effects of ocean - condition periodicity on glacier health .
This correlation has weakened during the last two decades , as global average temperature has increased .
Mass turnover has increased throughout monitoring and the trend of increase has become stronger during the last two decades .
The accelerating loss of mass , the weakening correlation with the PDO , and increasing mass turnover likely are the result of changes to warmer and ( or ) drier climate conditions that are affecting all three regions .
The climate changes could be overwhelming the previously observed responses of the maritime glaciers to periodic shifts in ocean conditions , such as are represented by the PDO .
References Cited
Josberger , E.G. , Bidlake , W.R. , March , R.S. , and Kennedy , B.W. , 2007 , Glacier mass - balance fluctuations in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska , USA : Annals of Glaciology , v. 46 , p. 291-296 .
Meier , M.F. , Tangborn , W.V. , Mayo , L.R. , and Post , A. , 1971 , Combined ice and water balances of Gulkana and Wolverine Glaciers , Alaska , and South Cascade Glacier , Washington , 1965 and 1966 Hydrologic Years : U.S. Geological Survey Professional Paper 715 - A , 23 p. , 4 pl .
Have a look at this giant change in the number of people in America now on :
http://www.usatoday.com/news/health/2009-08-03-antidepressants_N.htm
It has now doubled in the past ten years .
Some might argue that drug has led to more informed consumers , and therefore more seeking help .
One could also note that half of those uses are for diagnoses and problems other than ( such as pain conditions . )
What 's potentially alarming is the significant drop in those using during the same time period .
Where this is a problem rests in the Bio - Psycho - Social model of care used by therapists , nurses and doctors .
It views overall healing and mental health as having a biological / genetic component ( and cure in ) , but does not ignore the psychology component ( over which we have to develop ourselves , with the aid of a therapist ) , and the social component ( the importance of friends , family , supporters , work , culture and environment in our overall mental state , moods , and quality of life . )
Treating more of the " Bio " and less of the " Psychosocial " might be troubling as far as overall effectiveness at treating depression .
Does this study mean there is more awareness going on ?
More healing ?
More depression ?
Or is it simply more profit due to more advertising ?
What do you think ?
Charlie Miller , a security researcher who hacked a Macintosh in two minutes last year at CanSecWest 's PWN2OWN contest , improved his time today by breaking into another Macintosh in under 10 seconds .
Miller , an analyst at Independent Security Evaluators in Baltimore , walked off with a $ 5,000 cash prize and the MacBook he hacked .
" I can't talk about the details of the vulnerability , but it was a Mac , fully patched , with Safari , fully patched , " said Miller on Wednesday , not long after he had won the prize .
" It probably took five or 10 seconds . "
He confirmed that he had researched and written the exploit before he arrived at the challenge .
The PWN2OWN rules stated that the researcher could provide a URL that hosted his exploit , replicating the common hacker tactic of enticing users to malicious sites where they are infected with malware .
" I gave them the link , they clicked on it , and that was it , " said Miller .
" I did a few things to show that I had full control of the Mac . "
Two weeks ago , Miller predicted that Safari running on the Macintosh would be the first to fall .
PWN2OWN 's sponsor , 3Com Corp .'s TippingPoint unit , paid Miller $ 5,000 for the rights to the vulnerability he exploited and the exploit code he used .
As it has at past challenges , it reported the vulnerability to on - site Apple representatives .
" Apple has it , and they 're working on it , " added Miller .
According to Terri Forslof , manager of security response at TippingPoint , another researcher later broke into a Sony laptop that was running Windows 7 by exploiting a vulnerability in Internet Explorer 8 .
" Safari and IE both went down , " she said in an e-mail .
TippingPoint 's Twitter feed added a bit more detail to Forslof 's quick message : " nils just won the sony viao with a brilliant IE8 bug ! "
Forslof was not immediately available to answer questions about the IE8 exploit .
TippingPoint will continue the PWN2OWN contest through Friday , and will pay $ 5,000 for each additional bug successfully exploited in Safari , Internet Explorer 8 , Firefox or Google 's Chrome .
During the contest , IE8 , Firefox and Chrome will be available on the Sony , while Safari and Firefox will be running on the MacBook .
The researcher who exploited IE8 will , like Miller , be awarded not only the cash , but also the laptop .
" It was great , " said Miller when asked how it felt to successfully defend his title .
" But I was really nervous for some reason this time .
Maybe it was because there were more people around .
Lucky [ the exploit ] was idiot - proof , because if I had had to think about it , I do n't know if I 'd had anything . "
This year 's PWN2OWN also features a mobile operating system contest that will award a $ 10,000 cash prize for every vulnerability successfully exploited in five smartphone operating systems : Windows Mobile , Google 's Android , Symbian , and the operating systems used by the iPhone and BlackBerry .
Miller said he wo n't enter the mobile contest .
" I can't break them , " said Miller , who was one of the first researchers to demonstrate an attack on the iPhone in 2007 , and last year was the first to reveal a flaw in Android .
" I do n't have anything for the iPhone , and I do n't know enough about Google . "
CanSecWest , which opened Monday , runs through Friday in Vancouver , British Columbia .
David 's phone was ringing as he walked in the door , and there were four voice mails on his phone already .
Before sitting down , he scooped up the phone .
" G'morning , this is David . "
" Yeah , hi David , this is Jan .
I 'm sure you 're already aware of the intranet issues ? "
He listened idly to her description of the issue while he opened Outlook , seeing several new emails popping into his inbox .
The subject lines were troubling .
URGENT : HR / Financials Reporting System Severe Slowdowns NOREPLY
TrackBugs # 105482 is now a HIGH priority issue NOREPLY TrackBugs # 105482 MEDIUM has been assigned to you ; " Intranet general issues " she just cant get Enough ofmy MEET HYRDRANT --- 3 nhanc3 ment medz !!
Are you guys doing maintenance ?
Fwd : Re : Intranet slowness ?
" Uh , yeah , I 'm aware , Janice .
We 're working on it .
Could be a network issue , " he said , massaging his temples .
Slowdown Showdown
Slowness and intermittent crashes generally indicate a web server buckling under the pressure of too much traffic , so before even logging into the server to check it out , David checked the log files ; there were tens of thousands of lines , many clustered each second , trying to access a file called " update_clock.php " .
update_clock.php ?
David opened the main template file and found a line he had n't seen before :
< body onload= " updateClock ( ) ; " >
The updateClock method , as David discovered , was defined in the main template .
It was designed to retrieve data from update_clock .
php via ajax :
< script type =" text / javascript " > function updateClock ( ) { var url = ' update_clock.php ' ; url = url + '?employee_id= ' + <?=$employeeID ; ?> ; if ( document.getElementById('clockDiv').innerHTML
!= ' Error ' ) { document.getElementById('clockDiv').value = '' ; ajaxFunction ( url , ' clockDiv ' ) ; setInterval ( ' updateClock ( ) ' , 1000 ) ; } } </script >
Comments left by someone with the initials " BM " peppered the code near these updates .
" Barry ? "
David yelled over the cube wall .
" Yeah ? "
" Do you know what ' update_clock. php ' is ? "
" Uh , yeah , that updates the clock on the home page , we just got that feature in . "
Barry went on to explain how it worked , but it still seemed like the intranet should n't be as slow as it was ; there had to be more to the story .
" This was fully tested ?
And the change was approved by management ? "
" Yeah , of course ! "
Time is the Enemy
The reason that they were doing server - side date / time processing for the clock on the home page eluded David , but maybe he'd see a valid reason for it .
Tracing the logic , he saw where the date was loaded and output into a text format that the front end would receive via the ajax call .
That is , way at the bottom of the code file , after the complete employee record was loaded from the database , and other bits of data were loaded as well , each time with a new DB connection .
Reason being , the employee data contained time zone information , and they 'd wanted the clock on the page to reflect the correct time .
There was a ton of logic before it did anything with the dates , and , in fact , even then , it was just writing out a date and time .
Taken alone , these operations took less than a second , which explained why no issues were discovered in the basic testing that was done .
But with dozens of users with the page ( or several pages ) open in browser windows and tabs , each request to update_clock .
php started taking longer and longer , generating an unreasonable amount of traffic and database calls .
A single employee in an eight hour shift with the intranet page open all day would generate roughly 30,000 calls to update_clock .php .
Time is of the Essence
" Barry , " yelled out over the cube wall again , " you need to get this fixed and deployed to production .
Like now ! "
Jumping up , Barry responded , " this is going to take time .
I mean ...
I mean , I spent a while just getting it working .
Now I need to optimize it ? "
" I 'm not a web developer , " David asked , " but why did n't you use JavaScript 's built - in Date object ? "
Barry paused for a moment .
" JavaScript has a built - in Date object ! ? "
David helped Barry out , and within minutes they 'd refactored the code .
And this time , management was even happier to do a quick signoff on the move to production .
Do you have a life plan ?
If not , why not ?
If you think you ’re too busy to sit down and create your own life plan , consider the following :
In a 1953 study conducted at Yale University , students in the graduating class were interviewed and asked whether they had a life plan , with a set of written goals .
Less than 3 % had a clear plan of action and written goals .
Twenty years later , researchers re-interviewed the students .
The 3 % that had written goals had a net worth greater than the other 97 % combined !
As well , 3 % reported a higher level of life satisfaction than their counterparts who had no action plan or written goals .
Okay , you have decided that you want to create a life plan .
But you do n’t know how .
It ’s not difficult , but it will require some time and effort .
You probably will need to mark off a time slot in your busy schedule .
As well , supply yourself with a favorite pen and a paper pad or a diary , as per your preference .
Step 1 : Getting Started – What Matters to You ?
Most professionals suggest a life plan based on a 6 month , 1 year and 5 year interval .
If you are beginning the goal - planning process , you may wish to start with the 6 month interval .
What are the most important aspects of your life ?
Distinguish the significant aspects or categories of your life .
For example , you may value health , family , friends , spiritual growth , and career advancement ( not necessarily in that order ) .
If possible , prioritize the important categories of your life .
Note :
It is interesting that a person ’s life priorities will change significantly , depending upon their stage in life and unique circumstance .
What ’s important to you ?
Step 2 : What do you want ?
After you make your list , it ’s time to set goals .
You might want to start with a broad description of a goal , and then set a specific and clearly defined “ sub - goal ” with a deadline .
For example , if social relationships are important to you , you may set a goal that you will enlarge your social circle .
A more specific sub - goal might be that you will attend at least 3 – 4 social gatherings / month to enlarge your social circle .
You need to be specific in your goal - setting so that you can test the achievement of that goal , at a later date .
Spend some time on this exercise .
Make sure that the goals that you have set are ones that you genuinely want to achieve , not ones that someone else thinks you should achieve .
Use the SMART method .
The best goal - setters set goals that are specific , measurable , attainable , relevant and time –bound .
Step 3 : Getting what you want !
After you identify your goals , you need to recognize what has to be done , in order to achieve them .
It ’s time now to think more fully about your desired end and what has to be done to get to that point .
Basically , you need to consider the path that you have to take , in order to achieve the goals that you have set .
As an example , if you are a stay - at - home mother , you may have identified Career as an important priority and your sub - goal may be re-entry into the work force within 2 years .
How are you going to achieve this ?
What position (s ) will you seek ?
Is upgrading or re-training required ?
The necessary research will have to be undertaken for this purpose .
You ’ll need to contact local colleges or institutions that offer needed programs .
If you want to find the right answers , you need to ask the right questions .
For example , under Health , you have listed your goal to “ get stronger ” .
How will you do this ?
What will help you to achieve this goal ?
If you plan to start weight - training , are you going to purchase free weights , to use in a home gym ?
Are you going to purchase ankle weights , to wear on your daily walk ?
If you have specified under Financial that your goal is to make money , you need to ask yourself , how much is enough ?
Set a specific target for yourself .
You then need to ask yourself how you are going to achieve the target .
Be realistic but be ambitious as well .
There is no limit to what you can accomplish with an open mind and a determined , courageous heart .
Step 4 : Progress and Reward
Post your life plan diary in a place where you read or refer to it , on a periodic basis .
You may wish , as well , to post a bulletin board in your bedroom or office and post pictures which illustrate the goals that you wish to achieve .
The purpose of these steps is to ensure that you are reminded of the goals that you have set for yourself , and that you stay motivated to achieve them .
After you achieve a sub - goal , reward yourself !
Give yourself a mental pat on the back .
Congratulate yourself in taking one more step towards the evolution of your dream accomplishment .
A curious thing happened on the way to the meeting that Middle East analysts and nuclear weapons - watchers have all been waiting for : Israel dialed down its rhetoric against Iran .
On Thursday , officials from the Islamic Republic of Iran will meet in Geneva with officials from the US and other UN Security Council members to discuss Iran 's nuclear program .
Iran acknowledged last week that it has been building a second , heretofore secret uranium enrichment facility burrowed in the mountains near the holy city of Qom .
Israel , which considers itself the foremost target of an Iranian nuclear weapon , has been at the forefront of an international campaign for hard - hitting sanctions against Tehran if it does n't accede to a more transparent monitoring regime .
Israel has hinted that if it reaches the end of its diplomatic rope it may launch an attack on one or more of Iran 's nuclear sites , just as Israel struck at the Osirak site in Iraq in 1981 .
But Israel has grown noticeably quiet on Iran 's nuclear program in the past week , an approach apparently aimed at letting bigger powers do the talking for now .
The " eloquent silence , " as one official here called it , may be a mark of taking a back seat and waiting to see how Iran faces off with the the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council ( the US , Britain , France , China , and Russia ) and Germany , which are often called the P5+1 .
Which stance Israel takes toward Iran in coming weeks probably depends heavily on how Chinese and Russian officials react to discussions of possible new sanctions during Thursday 's historic meeting .
Those two powers , with deepening economic ties to Iran , have until now been much less inclined to support sanctions than their counterparts in London , Paris , and Washington .
" The big question is how it will play out in that meeting : where Russia will stand , where China will stand , " says Dr. Emily Landau , the Director of the Arms Control and Regional Security Program at Tel Aviv University 's Institute for National Security Studies .
" They each have their own unique take on this , and have their own ideas about the best road forward .
It 's not a unified force , and we 've seen their different interests being played out over the past seven years since this crisis began . "
Netanyahu called last week for ' crippling sanctions '
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , during his media tour last week following the UN General Assembly meeting , called for " crippling sanctions " against Iran – quoting Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who used the term this summer .
That 's not a new position for Israel and officials here have complained that the international community did n't share Israel 's sense of urgency on the issue or its willingness to put teeth behind demands that Iran slow its nuclear progress .
And yet , at the same time , Israeli leaders have expressed skepticism over the efficacy of sanctions and have warned that the time for them to have any effect was " running out " - a sign that Israel was moving toward the military option .
But with last week 's outing of Iran 's secret nuclear facility , Israel now believes there is more hope for harsh new sanctions , since the revelation supports its long - standing argument that Iran 's nuclear program is not intended strictly for civilian use .
" Serious sanctions would not necessarily make Iran change its position on a nuclear program , but they can have an effect in that Iran would come into negotiations with a more serious attitude , and come in looking for a deal , " Landau says .
Sanctions would most likely include a call for halting foreign investment in Iran 's oil and gas industries , as well as restrictions on banking , US Defense Secretary Robert Gates told CNN on Monday .
US also takes a wait - and - see approach
" I do n't think we will get the full perspective of Iran 's willingness to engage in one meeting , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters in a briefing in Washington on Tuesday .
" Clearly , once we are at the table , we hear from them , we see the tone , we 'll know some things .
And the real question is , are they willing to engage in a process ? "
" That is the ultimate question on the table : Is Iran going to come to the meeting on Thursday prepared to seriously address the concerns that the international community has ? "
Crowley said .
Aluf Benn , a leading Israeli journalist on security affairs for the Haaretz newspaper , noted that the crisis leaves Netanyahu torn between two schools of thought in Israel , one which prefers a preventive approach , an the other , an offensive one .
" In recent months , it seems Israel 's preventive strategy is paying dividends , " he wrote .
" [ Netanyahu's ] challenge in the coming months will be to withstand the burgeoning pressures to attack Iran ... while adhering to the preventive strategy .
This is the most effective way , one that will give incentive to the West to rein in the Iranians without risking harm to Israel . "
---
Will the UN Security Council slap sanctions on Iran ?
Probably not , due mostly to China 's aversion to sanctions .
Read our piece on how China 's recent multi-billion dollar oil and gas deals plays into its stance on the issue .
Also , check out our story on how Iran 's secret site is the missing piece in its nuclear puzzle .
----
Five bank failures tonight , bringing the total for the year to 77 .
See below for a video clip and for details about the Deposit Insurance Fund ’s resources .
# 73
Failed Bank : Dwelling House S&L , Pittsburgh PA
Acquiring Bank : PNC Bank , Pittsburgh PA
Vitals :
At 3/31/09 , assets of $ 13.4 million , deposits of $ 13.8 million
Estimated DIF damage : $ 6.8 million
# 74
Failed Bank : Colonial Bank , Montgomery AL
Acquiring Bank : BB&T , Winston - Salem NC
Vitals :
At 6/30/09 , assets of $ 25 billion , deposits of $ 20 billion
Estimated DIF damage : $ 2.8 billion
# 75
Failed Bank : Union Bank , Gilbert AZ
Acquiring Bank : MidFirst Bank , Oklahoma City , OK
Vitals :
At 6/12/09 , assets of $ 124 million , deposits of $ 112 million
Estimated DIF damage : $ 61 million
# 76
Failed Bank : Community Bank of Arizona , Phoenix AZ
Acquiring Bank : MidFirst Bank , Oklahoma City , OK
Vitals :
At 6/30/09 , assets of $ 159 million , deposits of $ 144 million
Estimated DIF damage : $ 26 million
# 77
Failed Bank : Community Bank of Nevada , Las Vegas
Acquiring Bank : None .
FDIC establishes “ Deposit Insurance Bank ” to resolve this failure .
Vitals :
At 6/30/09 , assets of $ 1.52 billion , deposits of $ 1.38 billion
Estimated DIF damage : $ 782 million
And earlier today , I chatted with Carrie Lee about the Colonial news .*
DIF Update
Now ’s as good a time as any to update vital statistics for the Deposit Insurance Fund .
At 3/31/09 , the DIF had $ 41.5 billion worth of reserves to handle bank failures , a total that included $ 28.5 billion of reserves for future failures along with the $ 13.0 billion balance remaining in the fund after subtracting liabilities from assets .
At the end of Q2 , FDIC charged banks a special assessment that they estimated would raise an additional $ 5.6 billion .
Since the end of Q1 , there have been 51 bank failures , which in total the FDIC estimates will cost the DIF $ 16.1 billion .
This includes the bank failures above .
Loosely figured , that puts the DIF ’s resources at $ 31.0 billion .
The next big tests to come will be Corus and Guaranty , with $ 7.2 billion and $ 11.7 billion worth of deposits respectively .
Just so folks are clear , when a bank fails , there is n’t a 100 % loss rate on deposits .
For example , though Colonial had $ 20 billion of deposits , FDIC estimates it will only cost the DIF $ 2.8 billion .
That ’s because the bank has significant assets that FDIC will be able to sell .
The bottom line , though , is that the DIF is in tough shape .
It ’s quite possible FDIC will have to draw down a portion of its credit line at Treasury before this banking crisis is over .
What are the total deposits backed by the DIF ?
Officially , $ 4.8 trillion .
But if you include “ temporary ” increases in deposit insurance limits — - individual accounts up to $ 250,000 , and transaction accounts unlimited — - the total jumps to $ 6.3 trillion .
—-
* One quick correction on the video : FDIC seized Colonial Bank , not the holding company Colonial BancGroup .
The Bear Market is Not Over
Yesterday might turn out to be an important day .
The market should have bounced .
It did n’t .
Instead , it fell 29 points .
It ’s September , too … a dangerous month .
And this rally has already run longer than the rally following the ’ 29 crash .
Mr. Market can do what he wants , of course .
We ’re just trying to read his mind .
If we were Mr. Market , what would we do ?
We ’d give investors a fright !
Two things make us think the bear market is not over .
First , there is market history .
Bear markets do not end with stocks still trading at nearly 20 times earnings and the dividend yield barely at 3 % .
And they do n’t end when people are hoping , praying and expecting them to end .
They end in despair … after people have given up hope .
They end with dividend yields over 5 % and prices at only 5 to 8 times earnings .
What ’s more , stock market trends tend to follow long cycles .
The last bear market bottom was in ’ 82 .
It came after 14 years of disillusionment and disappointment .
By the time stocks were ready to go up investors were sick of hearing about them .
And then , you could buy some of the best companies in America for only 5 times earnings … and get paid to hold them , with dividend yields over 5 % .
By our calculation , the bear market in stocks began in January of 2000 .
Since then , stocks went up in nominal terms .
But adjusted for inflation , investors made nothing .
Still , they did n’t seem to notice … and remained enthusiastic about stocks .
Then , in 2007 , a new down - cycle began … continuing until March of 2009 , when the Dow hit a bottom at around 6,950 .
But was it THE bottom …or just a temporary bottom ?
Most likely , it was a temporary bottom … a ledge from which investors could leap … before falling further down .
We say that because stocks never went low enough to qualify for a genuine bottom … and investors never showed the kind of disgust that you usually get at real bottoms .
We say that , too , for a second reason – the economy .
In order to have a booming stock market , you need a booming economy .
Earnings need to go up .
That justifies higher prices .
It also contributes to the positive mood among investors that persuades them that things are getting better and better …and that stocks deserve not only higher prices corresponding with their higher earnings , but also higher P/E multiples .
That was the kind of mood that sent the Dow up from under 1,000 in August 1982 to over 14,000 twenty - nine years later .
But now the tide as turned .
It rushes out between our toes and takes with it our fondest hopes .
After expanding during our entire lifetimes , credit is now contracting .
And that means more savings … but fewer sales , fewer jobs , and fewer profits .
Can working people reasonably expect to earn more money next year ?
Five years from now ?
No .
Can businesses expect rising sales and profits ?
No .
Will the feds balance the budget , cut taxes , or increase benefits in the years ahead .
No. No. No .
The outlook is not rosy .
It ’s grim .
As we reported yesterday , household discretionary spending is at a low it has n’t seen in 50 years .
A half - century of economic progress wiped out !
Real unemployment is closer to 16 % than to the official 9 % – and it ’s rising .
Yesterday came a report from August : companies had cut more jobs than expected .
And even economists who are silly enough to believe the stimulus is working still say unemployment will likely remain stubbornly high for years to come .
So let ’s add this up .
Fewer people with jobs .
Those who have jobs are paying off debt .
Less consumer spending ( back - to - school spending was disappointing , say the press reports ) .
So , lower business earnings .
What would make stocks go up under those circumstances ?
We also get word that insiders are selling stock heavily … and that consumer bankruptcies are up 24 % over a year ago .
New economic boom ?
Not likely .
New boom in the stock market ?
Not likely either .
But stocks do n’t stand still .
If they ca n’t go up … they will go down .
What will cause a break in the stock market ?
Who knows ?
Here ’s a possibility : The Chinese stock market could crack .
Maybe it already has .
China is the great hope of the world economy .
When it becomes clear that China is a bubble economy … and not a genuine growth economy …
Western investors are likely to lose heart .
Then …watch out !
We like the Bedford Springs Hotel .
It is a 19th century resort … with class .
It was in ruins in the ’ 80s , then bought by investors … who spent $ 120 million restoring it .
They went broke 18 months later .
Not hard to see why .
When we were there the place was almost empty .
Still , it had a full staff … and beautiful appointments .
“ Hey …this is pretty nice , ” we said to the desk clerk .
“ No one is here . ”
“ They come on the weekends .
We have a full house this weekend … and a full house in October , when the fall foliage is at its peak . ”
“ Oh … well … it looks kind of quiet now … ”
“ Yeah , it is quiet most of the time . ”
“ It is such a nice place , I think I might want to live here .
I know you ’ll take care of me .
I could live quite well here . ”
“ Maybe you could give me a good price … and I ’ll move in . ”
“ You need to talk to the management … ”
On the wall of the Bedford Springs hotel is a short note telling us that George Washington stayed there when he put down the Whiskey Rebellion of the 1790s .
In fact , Bedford was his Western headquarters .
But the real action was farther to the West .
Bedford was more like a staging area , as near as we can figure .
The Whiskey Rebellion is a worthy subject for recollection , though a sordid chapter in American history .
Accounts of it vary , depending on which history book you read .
It is usually seen as a test of the new country …a test which Washington and Alexander Hamilton met with vigor and resolve .
But by our reading of the history , the new republic failed on every count .
After the war against England , the federal government was in debt .
It needed money .
Hamilton saw an opportunity to raise money by taxing the small distillers out on the frontier .
They were too far from Philadelphia to cause trouble .
He figured they would resist .
But this would give him an opportunity to march out at the head of an army , assert the power of the central government over the riff raff , and gain for himself a marshal victory that might elevate his stature closer to that of his boss , George Washington .
Washington himself may have had mixed feelings .
He certainly had mixed interests .
The tax was set up so to force small distillers to pay 50 % more tax than large distillers .
Washington was one of the largest whiskey makers in the country .
He might be happy to see the small fry pushed out of business .
On the other hand , he had spent much of his life out on the frontier .
He knew how tough the frontiersmen could be ; he probably was n’t eager to tangle with them .
But the tax was proclaimed throughout the land , and the whiskey distillers took offense .
After the war against Britain they had gotten the idea that they lived in a free country .
Certainly , out on the banks of the Monongahela there was little to make them think otherwise .
They were used to doing what they wanted , free from any sort of authority .
So the sight of tax collectors trying to take their money ( of which they had little … it was still a subsistence / barter economy out in the woods ) probably set them off .
At least one of the federales was attacked by a mob of them ; his hair was shorn and he was tarred and feathered .
Then , Hamilton called up the New Jersey and Maryland militia…and set out for the West .
He forgot , however , to provide sufficient victuals for his men…and soon the soldiers were cold and hungry .
Naturally , they did what soldiers do under the circumstances ; the robbed the locals .
Thus did Hamilton ’s army continue its march – in disorder , disgrace and larceny … stealing provisions from the people it was meant to protect from the scofflaw distillers .
Once on the field of battle , the whiskey men were ready for a fight .
But cool heads prevailed .
After a pow - wow , the feds arrested a handful of men…of whom two – a “ simpleton ” and an “ insane ” person , according to Washington – were charged with treason .
Washington pardoned them , seeing no profit in hanging mental defectives .
The rest paid a fine and were let off .
One man died in jail .
The rest went on their way .
Thus was the rebellion brought to a close .
The distillers moved their stills out to Kentucky and Tennessee , where the feds could n’t get at them .
And the feds went back to doing what they always do – making a mess of things .
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
It is still a brutal job market out there .
Here ’s an example of how the stimulus has helped in one community but the White House should be doing much more talking about it .
They probably should have invested in a larger stimulus as well instead of giving in to the too few Republicans .
Five states posted jobless rates above 12 % in August , according to federal data released Friday .
California , Nevada and Rhode Island each hit record - high rates , the Labor Department said .
Michigan led the nation in unemployment , with a rate of 15.2 % , while Nevada was next at 13.2 % and Rhode Island was third at 12.8 % .
California and Oregon were tied for the fourth spot , each with unemployment at 12.2 % .
Notice how the housing bust states have n’t bounced back with the same gusto as the Wall Street bankers who sold the trash ?
News you may not find in the local media .
Learn why it was disappeared .
Friday , September 25 , 2020
Hawaii Board of Education Agrees to Re-Hear Kahuku Windmill Petition , Settles Lawsuit
“
Every board and commission is required to deliberate and make decisions
in an open manner after allowing the public an opportunity to testify .
.
” -- Attorney Lance D. Collins
From today ’s news release : Kahuku , Oahu --
The Board of Education has agreed to settle Kahuku
parent Sunny Unga 's lawsuit by re-hearing her petition for rule making .
In January , Ms. Unga filed a petition with the Board of Education asking
them to add a rule that requires schools and libraries to hold community
meetings before providing official comments on proposed developments .
Ms. Unga 's concern stemmed from the Department of Education 's official
comment of no concern regarding the Kahuku windmills that now tower
directly over Kahuku Elementary School .
The proposed rule would require the Department to hold a community
meeting and solicit family and community feedback before providing
official comment on proposed developments .
In early February , the Board held a secret , closed meeting where they
denied Ms. Unga 's petition .
The Board of Education has now agreed to rescind the secret , closed vote
and to hold a new open meeting and allow public testimony before
considering the petition .
" We look forward to having the Board seriously consider requiring
earnest and meaningful community engagement when developments are
proposed close to schools . " said Plaintiff and Kahuku mother Sunny Unga .
The Board has not yet set the date to consider the petition .
Wednesday , September 16 , 2020
Oral arguments Friday September 18 on DLNR issuance of commercial fishing licenses to foreign fishermen
by Larry Geller
The Supreme Court will finally hear oral arguments on SCAP - 19-0000501 on Friday , September 18 , 2020 , 8:45 a.m. , fully four years after the initial AP reports of Sept 8 , 2016 .
In these times of COVID , these foreign workers are displacing scarce jobs that would otherwise go to Native Hawaiians and other local fishermen .
They also generally have language issues that would suggest they do not understand rules for conserving Hawaii 's fish resources .
Because they are not allowed to land in Hawaii , when the fishing boats are idle , they are nevertheless confined to the ship or the immediate area of the pier .
From the Supreme Court calendar scheduling the oral arguments : Brief Description :
This case involves the interaction between the Department of Land and Natural Resources ’ ( DLNR ) issuance of commercial marine licenses and HRS §§ 189 - 2 and 189 - 5 , statutes which limit the taking of marine life .
HRS § 189 - 2 ( a ) states , “ No person shall take marine life for commercial purposes whether the marine life is caught or taken within or outside of the State , without first obtaining a commercial marine license [ . ] ”
HRS § 189 - 5 states , “ It is unlawful for any person who has not been lawfully admitted to the United States to engage in taking marine life for commercial purposes in the waters of the State . ” Malama Chun ( Chun ) challenged the issuance of commercial marine licenses to foreign non-immigrant crewmembers on longline fishing boats that dock in Honolulu to sell their catch .
Chun sought a declaratory order that the DLNR lacks the authority to issue commercial marine licenses to persons not lawfully admitted to the United States .
The Board of Land and Natural Resources ( BLNR ) denied the petition ; Chun appealed the decision to the Circuit Court of the First Circuit , which affirmed the BLNR .
The Supreme Court accepted Chun ’s application for transfer of this case .
Chun contends that the circuit court erred on three grounds when it upheld the BLNR ’s decision denying Chun ’s Petition for Declaratory Order : ( 1 ) Affirming BLNR ’s conclusion that alien longline fishing crewmembers were “ lawfully admitted ” to the United States ; ( 2 ) Affirming BLNR ’s conclusion that commercial fishing licenses may be issued to persons not lawfully admitted to the United States ; and ( 3 ) Concluding that Chun must present a factual record of violations of HRS § 189 - 2 ( a ) by foreign non-immigrant crewmembers in order to obtain relief .
Google will turn up many articles on this issue , but here are some .
Note that Bruce Anderson was head of DLNR and described the issue as a labor issue , outside of his jurisdiction : Hawaii Agency Rejects Rule to Protect Foreign Fishermen Hawaiian seafood caught by foreign crews confined on boats Hawaii bill would ban licenses for some foreign fishermen State agency opposes rule change for foreign fishermen Oral arguments are streamed by the Supreme Court from their YouTube channel : https://www.youtube.com/hawaiicourts
Monday , September 14 , 2020
Approvals for Stanford Carr Development in Lahaina invalidated by court
“
The court has reaffirmed that the community has a right to participate in shoreline development approval processes .
Hopefully , the Maui Planning Commission will begin again to allow interested community members their right to participate in these proceedings .
– Attorney Lance D. Collins
” From the news release of September 14 , 2020 Lahaina , Maui -- The Intermediate Court of Appeals invalidated the SMA approvals for Kahoma Villages , a mixed housing development in Lahaina .
In 2014 , the area residents led by Michele Lincoln sought to intervene in the Maui Planning Commission Special Management Area ( SMA ) permit approval process .
The commission denied the intervention .
Area residents raised several concerns : the elimination of beach access parking on Kenui Street , access to a six acre community park as required by the community plan , elimination of trees for listed endangered species , adverse impacts to drainage and runoff , destruction of Hawaiian cultural resources , failure to properly investigate the presence of Hawaiian burials in the project area , adverse traffic impacts and potential problems related to evacuation with development occurring in the Tsunami Inundation Zone .
The ICA ruled on three points .
First , the Commission erred when it ruled that the issues raised by the neighboring residents were the kinds of concerns the Commission was required to consider anyways in its decision - making so that intervention was n't warranted .
The Court noted that it was precisely that the residents concerns were within the Commission 's decision - making that intervention should have been granted .
Second , the Commission 's failure to hold a contested case on the residents concerns violated their right to due process under the Hawai'i State Constitution .
Third , while the Maui County Council granted the project a waiver from obtaining a community plan amendment under the Maui County Code , the state SMA law required the Commission independently find that the project is consistent with community plan before it may approve any project in the SMA .
" We are grateful to the Appeals Court and look forward to making our case before the Planning Commission , " said the residents ' group leader Michele Lincoln .
Craig G. Nakamura and Arsima A. Muller represented Stanford Carr Development , deputies corporation counsel Thomas Kolbe and Caleb Rowe represented the Maui Planning Commission , and Bianca Isaki represented the Waipio Bay Benevolent Association and Malama Kakanilua as amicus curiae .
Friday , September 11 , 2020
Quick make - it - yourself face shields
I do have a larger , more solidly - made face shield , but this one is easy to make and carry and is cheap enough to discard when it gets damaged or smudgy .
I keep a few in the car , and a few at home to grab before I go out .
The design first appeared on the Spoon and Tamago website ( here ) in April , but I could n’t find suitable transparent material immediately .
At first I used a transparent cover from a page protector , which worked well but I had only one .
The material has to be really transparent or it obscures your vision .
But then , an aha !
moment : overhead transparency slides !
They are thinner than Yoshioka recommends , but on the other hand they are cheap and I had a box of them .
If you can find thicker material at the stationery store that would be better , but this works well enough for me .
The only other required ingredient is eyeglasses .
Or rather , an eyeglass frame .
You can knock the lenses out of an old , beat - up pair of sunglasses or reading glasses if you are not an eyeglass wearer yourself .
Yoshioka ’s template is here .
I have erased his text to make my own template , which is here .
To use : copy onto as many OHP slides as you wish to make , then cut them out .
Make the two slits for inserting the eyeglass frame .
It may seem tricky to put together the first time .
Turn the eyeglass frame upside down .
Push the earpieces through the slits all the way .
Then to wear , turn the eyeglass frame right side up .
The earpieces will be on the outside , the lenses on the inside .
After the first time it is easy .
Yes , the material is thinner , but the price is right , and you can make them yourself easily .
Make some for the family .
Keep one or more in the car .
Wednesday , September 02 , 2020
Today is the birthday of Queen Liliuokalani , September 2 , 1838
Friday , August 28 , 2020
Hawaii state government departments spurn auditor by refusing to cooperate on COVID - 19 investigations
by Larry Geller
It ’s déjà vu all over again in Hawaii state government .
In 1993 attorneys filed a lawsuit against Hawaii ’s Department of Education and Department of Health for an almost complete failure to provide special education services to special needs students in Hawaii .
The resulting consent decree dragged on for a dozen years and did n’t end before Judge David Ezra found both departments to be in contempt of court .
Once again , both the DOE and DOH are refusing to cooperate in the public interest .
This time , both state agencies have refused to provide information requested by the state auditor .
The auditor ’s reports are clear , straightforward and easy to understand .
Today ’s report on the DOE includes this , taken from the summary : “ As we note throughout our report , we received no cooperation from DOE .
The department did not provide any of the documents we requested , limiting our review to policies and procedures that are publicly available on DOE ’s website and elsewhere online .
We had hoped to interview DOE to clarify how these plans have been implemented and followed , among other things .
However , notwithstanding repeated requests , DOE declined to schedule meetings with us before the issuance of this report .
As many of our questions echo those being asked by the public and public officials , it is unreasonable for DOE to refuse our requests about their safety and health guidelines .
This is especially critical since teachers and some students have already returned to campus . ”
The report on DOH was posted two days ago and includes this : “ Now , more than ever , DOH must be transparent and accountable .
The lack of cooperation we received is , frankly , inexcusable .
Public confidence in the department , specifically in its ability to perform timely contact tracing of the growing number of positive cases , has been eroded .
The community now has many questions about the process that DOH has , for months , represented as under control .
For DOH to effectively protect public health and reduce the spread of the novel coronavirus so we can begin re-starting our economy , it is critical the department rebuild public trust .
This health emergency demands DOH ensure that its response is transparent by providing the public with complete , timely , and accurate information . ”
Both reports are comprehensive and straightforward , worded in plain language .
Concerned Hawaii citizens and legislators should review these and consider why our state agencies are not cooperating in the public interest in this time of pandemic crisis .
Thursday , August 13 , 2020
Victory in affordable housing dispute on Maui
From today ’s press release : MAUI TENANTS WELCOME FEDERAL COURT DECISION PRESERVING
LOW -INCOME HOUSING LAHAINA , Hawaii — Tenants of the Lahaina Front Street Apartments low - income housing project
welcomed a federal court decision this week that ensures that the project will stay affordable until
2051 .
The 40 - page decision by Hawai ‘i federal District Court Judge Jill Otake rejected an attempt by
the project developer , Front Street Affordable Housing Partners , to unilaterally end the restrictions
that prevent the developer from sharply raising rents or selling the project unencumbered by the rent
restrictions .
The Front Street project was built in 2001 to provide affordable rental housing to low income residents of
Maui .
Front Street is one of the few affordable housing complexes left on Maui .
Currently , the maximum
income for four is about $ 55,000 to rent an apartment at Front Street .
In return for $ 15 million in state
funded tax credits , the developer promised by covenant to keep the apartments affordable for 51 years .
However , after just 15 years , the developer asked the state 's financing agency , the Hawai‘i Housing
Finance & Development Corporation ( HHFDC ) , for permission to end the restrictions .
HHFDC rubberstamped the developer ’s request without complying with applicable law , according to attorneys
representing the tenants .
Without the court challenge , the ending of rent restrictions could have led to
the doubling or tripling of rents and the eviction of low - income tenants who were unable to pay .
The court ruled that the developer was obligated to honor its commitment to keep rents affordable for
the next 31 years , and that an attempted “ release ” of the low - income restrictions between the developer
and HHFDC was unenforceable .
The court explained , “ under Hawai ‘i law , the Release is invalid because
it was not done pursuant to a term in the Declaration and instead executed by agreement between ” the
developer and HHFDC “ without any consent of beneficiaries like Plaintiffs . ”
Tenant Mike
Tuttle , the lead plaintiff in the case , expressed relief at the decision .
Tuttle ( 57 ) , has lived
at Front Street with his teenage daughters since 2015 .
Until March , when he was furloughed as a result
of the COVID - 19 pandemic , Tuttle worked as a Retail Sales Manager .
“ It 's almost impossible to find
affordable housing on Maui , ” said Tuttle .
“ It ’s great to know that I will able to keep a roof over my head
and for my kids . ”
The tenants were represented pro bono by Andrew Lillie , Joseph Lambert , and Cory Wroblewski of
the international law firm of Hogan Lovells US LLP , Victor Geminiani and Tom Helper of the Honolulu
nonprofit Lawyers for Equal Justice , and Maui attorney Lance Collins .
“ We are very pleased with the decision , ” said attorney Joseph Lambert of Hogan Lovells US LLP , lead
counsel in the case .
“ The court ’s ruling ensures that the Front Street Apartments will remain rentrestricted
and affordable through 2051 , which is what the developer originally promised it would do . ”
Lawyers for Equal Justice attorney Tom Helper noted that the decision criticized the Hawai‘i Housing
Finance and Development Corporation — which is supposed to protect low - income housing — for
approving the developer ’s attempt to end affordability restrictions .
“ HHFDC should have been on the side
of the tenants in this dispute , not the developer , ” Helper said .
Lance Collins explained that “ when a developer gets substantial tax credits and zoning concessions on
the promise that they will build a project for affordable housing , we must be keep them to the word . ”
“ Like many others at Front Street , I am retired and living on a fixed income , ” said plaintiff Chi Guyer .
“ If
the court had n't protected us from rent increases , I would not be able to afford to live on Maui . ” Front Street Lawyers for Equal Justice
Mayor Kirk Caldwell ’s cruel sweeps of homeless tents need to stop–now , a call from advocates and organizations in Hawaii
Mayor Kirk Caldwell is term - limited .
Since he has persisted in his cruel , middle - of - the - night sweeps of the houseless community , I for one will be glad to see him go .
But these sweeps need to stop .
right .
now .
The ACLU of Hawaii released the following statement today .
COMMUNITY ADVOCATES , ORGANIZATIONS , AND OFFICIALS CALL ON THE CITY AND HPD TO END CONTINUED “ SWEEPS ” OF HOUSELESS FAMILIES DURING THE PANDEMIC Honolulu , Hawaii : Over 70 officials , organizations , and individuals — representing a broad range of interests and constituencies — released a statement today calling for a halt to “ sweeps ” of the houseless community during this ongoing pandemic .
Many members of this community are families , but the City and County of Honolulu and the Honolulu Police Department have promised to continue citations and arrests for anyone in parks and beaches , even if they have nowhere else to go .
The statement and list of signatories is as follows :
We call on the leadership of the City and County of Honolulu — and the Honolulu Police Department ( HPD ) in particular — to stop sweeping our houseless neighbors in the middle of this unprecedented global pandemic .
It is cruel , legally questionable ( at best ) , and a threat to public health and safety .
Public health experts locally and nationally say this is bad health policy , and the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) itself has weighed in with the following guidance : “ Considerations for encampments —
If individual housing options are not available , allow people who are living unsheltered or in encampments to remain where they are .
Clearing encampments can cause people to disperse throughout the community and break connections with service providers .
This increases the potential for infectious disease spread . ”
That is crystal clear .
And yet — flying in the face of CDC guidance — last week HPD Chief Susan Ballard said people who are unsheltered will be cited and arrested if they are in the parks or on the beaches .
Making this more confusing is the fact that since the pandemic began , more than 10,000 citations have been issued statewide — thousands to people who are unsheltered — and prosecutors on Oahu and Maui have begun dismissing those citations en masse because they never should have been issued in the first place .
This is because people who are houseless are exempt under the emergency orders because they have no place else to go .
Issuing new citations after dismissing old citations is nothing more than harassment .
We all want people who are unsheltered to get into housing , but our shelters now have less space than ever because of social distancing guidelines .
Just this week there has been an outbreak of COVID - 19 at the Iwilei homeless shelter .
Forcing more people inside will make this worse .
And if an unsheltered person is arrested for being in a park or on a beach on O‘ahu , they ’ll be sent to the O‘ahu Community Correctional Center , which is now seeing its own growing outbreak of the virus .
We never agree with these sweeps .
They ’re cruel , ineffective , and the 9th Circuit Court of appeals has said sweeps like these are unconstitutional , a decision the U.S. Supreme Court let stand .
But aside from those legal , philosophical , and humanitarian differences with the City ’s policy , continuing with sweeps now is endangering public safety , not protecting it .
Please join us in a call to end this practice , at least until this pandemic is behind us .
Signatories
African - American Lawyers Association
ALEA Bridge
American Civil Liberties Union of Hawai‘i
Church and Society , Harris United Methodist Church
Drug Policy Forum of Hawai‘i
Family Promise of Hawai‘i
Hawai‘i Alliance for Community - Based Economic Development
Hawai‘i Appleseed Center for Law and Economic Justice
Hawai‘i Children ’s Action Network
Hawai‘i Friends of Civil Rights
Hawai‘i Health & Harm Reduction Center
Hawai‘i Innocence Project
Hawai‘i J - 20 +
Hawai‘i Public Health Institute
Hawai‘i Strategy Lab
Hui Aloha
Japanese American Citizens League - Honolulu Chapter
Medical - Legal Partnership for Children in Hawai‘i
Mental Health America of Hawai‘i
Muslim Association of Hawai‘i
Honolulu Hawai‘i NAACP
National Association of Social Workers - Hawai‘i
ʻ Ōiwi TV
Pacific Gateway Center
Planned Parenthood Votes Northwest and Hawai‘i
The Pōpolo Project
Project Hiehie
Project Vision Hawai‘i
Temple Emanu-El
UNITE HERE !
Local 5
Dr. Amy Agbayani
Christopher Akana
Alani Apio , Hui Aloha volunteer
Shanty Sigrah Asher
Sonja Bigalke - Bannan , MSW , LSW
Twinkle Borge , Pu‘uhonua O Wai‘anae
Cathy Kawano - Ching , Hui Aloha volunteer
Samantha Church
Rev. Thomas J. FitzGerald , First Unitarian Church of Honolulu
Cecilia H. Fordham
Lieutenant Governor Josh Green
Clare Hanusz , Attorney - at - Law
Jen Jenkins , Community Co-Chair to the Department of Heath 's Sex and Gender Minority Work Group
Darrah Kauhane , Executive Director of Project Vision Hawai‘i and Project Hiehie
John Kawamoto
Rynette Keen
Justin F. Kollar , Prosecuting Attorney - County of Kaua‘i
James Koshiba , Hui Aloha
Professor Linda Hamilton Krieger , University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa William S. Richardson School of Law
Charles R. Lawrence III , Prof. Emeritus , University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa William S. Richardson School of Law
Professor Ken Lawson
Professor Mark A. Levin
Professor Justin Levinson
Professor Mari Matsuda
Diane Matsuura , Harris United Methodist Church
Patricia McManaman , Retired Attorney
Leʻa Minton , Certified Nurse - Midwife , MI - Home Program
Dee Nakamura
Deja Ostrowski , Medical - Legal Partnership for Children in Hawai‘i
Professor Robert Perkinson
Kaimana Pine , Hui Aloha volunteer
Rosanna Prieto , MSW
Cheryl Prince , LCSW
Nathalie Rita , PhD Candidate
Dodie Rivera , MSN , RN
Darlene Rodrigues
Darcie Scharfenstein , Hui Aloha volunteer
Professor Nandita Sharma
Dina Shek , Medical - Legal Partnership for Children in Hawai‘i
Professor Avi Soifer
Chloe Stewart
Nicky S. Winter , Executive Director of ALEA Bridge
Summer Lee Yadao
Professor Eric Yamamoto , Fred T. Korematsu Professor of Law and Social Justice
Tuesday , August 04 , 2020
Civil Rights Groups Call on Election Officials to Provide Appropriate Language Access to Hawaii Voters
The Hawaiian language , along with English , are the two official languages of the State of Hawaii .
From most official communications , you ’d never know it .
The situation described in the press release below is typical of state and county government administration across the board , and needs to be remedied .
Of course , there are other languages spoken in the state that need to be accommodated as well .
From the press release dated August 4 , 2020 : The ACLU Foundation of Hawai'i , Common Cause Hawai'i and the Hawai'i Institute for Philippine Studies have called on Attorney General Clare Connors and election officials to provide appropriate language access to limited English proficient and Hawaiian language speaking voters with translated ballots and voting material as required by state law .
State law requires that state agencies and covered entities provide written translations of vital documents for each limited English proficient group that constitutes five per cent or one thousand , whichever is less , of the population of persons eligible to be served or likely to be affected or encountered .
The state also has an obligation to provide translations of voting material in the Hawaiian language as part of its obligation to ensure the revival of the Hawaiian language .
On O'ahu , there are roughly 44,700 Tagalog speakers ( 92.9 % are 18 years and older ) , 38,700 Japanese speakers ( 88.7 % are 18 years and older ) , 37,500 Ilokano speakers ( 93.4 % are 18 years and older ) , 28,700 Chinese speakers ( 88.7 % are 18 years and older ) , 17,700 Spanish speakers ( 85.1 % are 18 years and older ) , there are also 17,800 Korean speakers and 9,400 Vietnamese speakers mostly situated in O'ahu .
Honolulu is presently providing translated materials upon request to Ilokano and Chinese speaking voters only .
In Maui and Kauai Counties , there are roughly 15,900 Ilokano speakers ( 91.4 % are 18 years and older ) , 8,500 Tagalog speakers ( 92.9 % are 18 years and older ) , 4,600 Spanish speakers ( 85.1 % are 18 years and older ) , and 2,800 Japanese speakers ( 88.7 % % are 18 years and older ) .
Maui and Kauai are not presently providing translated materials to anyone .
Statewide , of the 58,00 Ilokano speakers , 67.8 % are citizens .
Of the 58,000 Tagalog speakers , 78.9 % are citizens .
Of the 45,500 Japanese speakers , 73 % are citizens .
Of 29,600 Chinese speakers , 84.8 % are citizens .
Of the 26,200 Spanish speakers , 84.8 % are citizens .
Finally , the counties have a moral and legal obligation to provide Hawaiian language translations of all voting materials .
Last year , the Hawai'i Supreme Court recognized the state has an affirmative duty to revitalize the Hawaiian language .
" The cost of providing translated ballot materials incurs the most minimal costs to the elections budget .
But without providing such materals , it extracts a great toll on society : the disenfranchisement of whole communities of voters , " said attorney Lance D. Collins .
The groups are asking the attorney general to answer by August 18 .
Wednesday , July 29 , 2020
Tune in to the Grand Wailea Contested Case Hearings before the Maui Planning Commission
Intervenors stand up to protect the iwi kupuna of Maui In 2018 , the owners of the Grand Wailea Resort filed for permission from the Maui Planning Commission to remodel and expand the resort within a Special Management Area in Paeahu , Maui .
Three Native Hawaiian community groups - Mālama Kakanilua , Hoʻoponopono o Mākena and Pele Defense Fund - were granted a petition to intervene in the proceedings .
The intervenors are taking on mega corporate hotel giant BRE - Iconic , which is part of the Blackstone group and controls many worldwide hotel properties including the Grand Wailea Resort .
Between 1986 and 2009 , the Department of Land and Natural Resources reported finding 344 burials on the Grand Wailea grounds in South Maui .
These iwi kupuna ( ancestral remains ) were disturbed , crushed and " relocated " from the 40 acre parcel to make way for the mega luxury resort , and important cultural sites were also destroyed .
The intervenors are fighting to stop further desecration that would happen if the Grand Wailea is allowed to remodel and expand .
The Maui Planning Commission appointed Maui attorney Linden Joesting as the Hearings Officer for the contested case .
On May 7 , Joesting issued an order denying that the proceedings were required to be open to the public , reaffirming an earlier decision that the proceedings move forward regardless of the COVID - 19 emergency or the stay at home orders on the basis of needing to " get [ ] the administrative law work of the County done . "
On May 19 , media groups wrote to the hearings officer and the Chair of the Maui Planning Commission asking that the contested case be reopened to the public .
But thereafter , another secret hearing occurred where the hearings officer made further rulings .
Media organizations and journalists were left with no choice and lodged a Petition for Writ of Mandamus with the Hawai'i Supreme Court , seeking an order requiring the contested case proceedings be reopened to the public .
In July , the Hawai'i Supreme Court , in the case Disappeared News v. Maui Planning Commission , ordered the Maui Planning Commission to answer and explain why they closed the contested case proceedings to the press and public .
Subsequently , the Maui Planning Commission reopened the hearings to the public , beginning this week .
The first session was held Tuesday , July 28th .
In this hearing , Hearings Officer Joesting issued several summary judgments , prohibiting evidence on : shoreline certification issues or the location of the shoreline , environmental assessment issues in regard to the shoreline or perhaps entirely , future plans on traffic , water issues that do not pertain to meeting water system standards , and affordable housing .
The hearings now move on to the next phase , in which each side will be allotted 9.5 hours to present their cases .
BRE will begin , starting on July 29th at 9 am .
It is expected that the intervenors will present their witnesses on July 31st and August 3rd .
All media and the public is invited to watch these hearings on Zoom .
Upcoming Hearing Dates ( all HST ) : *
07/29/2020 at 9:00 am
07/30/2020 at 8:30 am
07/31/2020 at 8:30 am
08/03/2020 at 10:00 am
Use this link to join the Zoom : https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87465786755
Zoom Webinar ID : 874 6578 6755
* Is the Zoom link not working ?
Contact Clare Apana at 808-214-4411
These start times are correct as of 07/28 .
Ililani Media : Grand Wailea -- Zoom - Based Hawai`i Contested Case Proceeding is Underway
Please see the article by Henry Curtis here : Grand Wailea -- Zoom - Based Hawai`i Contested Case Proceeding is Underway
Friday , July 24 , 2020
Civil Rights Attorneys Call on Maui County to Address Voter Disenfranchisement Concerns
Via attorney Lance Collins : Maui attorney Lance D. Collins , on behalf of unsheltered houseless registered voters , and the ACLU of Hawai'i are calling on the Maui election officials to address problems related to voter disenfranchisement concerns with the new voting system .
The County is implementing the new ' mail - in ' voting system .
For individuals who do not have a permanent address and are unable to obtain a post office box , the only service available to them is " general delivery . "
However , because of the limited resources of the postal service , an individual may only obtain " general delivery " for 30 days in any 12 month period .
This forces such registered voters to choose between having a ballot delivered for the primary or for the general election , but not both .
The alternative is to go to the one voting service center in Maui , the Velma McWayne Santos Wailuku Community Center .
For individuals of limited means , this puts a monetary cost to getting transported to the site that more affluent voters do not face .
Additionally , for individuals in more remote areas such as East Maui , Kahikinui and Honokohau , where there is limited or no home mail delivery service , getting to Wailuku is also a significant burden .
The civil rights attorneys are calling on the County of Maui to open additional voting service centers in Hana and Lahaina as well as to waive the return trip fare on the Maui Bus for those registered voters in Central Maui , Upcountry , South Maui and Haiku / Paia who travel to voting service centers .
" The mail - in voting system has greatly simplified the logistics of our election system .
Yet , the benefit of those efficiencies are nullified where rural and economically disadvantaged voters are deprived of their right to vote . " said attorney Lance D. Collins .
Saturday , July 11 , 2020
Just askin ’ :
Is Hawaii ’s longline fishing fleet taking steps to avoid the coronavirus ?
by Larry Geller Longline fishing boats are exactly the kind of confined space that promotes transmission of the coronavirus .
The fishing industry is depressed right now , so perhaps some ships are idled with no crew present .
Those still out plying the waves seem potentially vulnerable .
Hawaii also has a special problem : the majority of its longline fleet is crewed by foreign fishermen illegally licensed contrary to state law HRS § 189 - 5 .
State law restricts the issuance of commercial fishing licenses to persons “ lawfully admitted to the United States ” .
Foreign fishermen working in the longline fishing industry are refused permission to land in the United States by Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
At the pier one can see a few boats docked and clusters of alien fishermen remaining on the boat decks .
Is n’t it time to send them home ( with pay ! ) and let Hawaiians crew these ships as the economy recovers ?
Wednesday , July 08 , 2020
Without a fix to its technology , the Maui Planning Commission may once again lock the public out from its proceedings on the Grand Wailua contested case
by Larry Geller
The Maui News reported today that the : Grand Wailea hearings open to the public but the parties in Disappeared News vs. Maui Planning Commission are not satisfied that any member of the public wishing to participate will be able to do so .
At the June 9 meeting their chosen videoconferencing system chocked and was unable to accommodate everyone seeking to log into the meeting .
Unless the technological problems are overcome , many or most members of the public wishing to remotely attend future meetings may again be denied .
The way the BlueJeans system was administered at that meeting , members of the public could “ bomb ” the livestream with unwanted interference .
Those who use other conference or webinar software such as the popular Zoom system are aware that a meeting can accommodate large numbers of attendees remotely with routine success .
At this point in the CO - 19 crisis , successfully running livestreamed meetings is not rocket science .
The Maui News reported :
The media groups “ are of the position that the [ Hawaii Supreme Court ] order without more does not satisfy the Constitutional obligations of the commission , ” [ attorney Lance ]
Collins said in a July 2 letter to Lawrence Carnicelli , chairman of the Maui Planning Commission , and Michele McLean , director of the Planning Department .
Hearings could be streamed on YouTube with public interaction over WebEx .
Akaku Maui Community Media , which broadcasts county board and commission meetings , also could be a resource .
( see earlier articles including : Media group lawsuit succeeds in opening public access to contested case hearing over the Grand Wailea Resort 's proposed expansion permit application )
The Maui Planning Commission agenda for July 14 , 2020 lists Collins ’ letter to the Commission under the heading “ Communications ” and indicates that “ The Commission may take action with respect to the letter ” but does not specify what that action might be or if any such action is planned for the July 14 meeting ( in which case it should properly appear on the agenda ) .
See : this lWink for Maui Planning Commission agendas .
According to the Sunshine Law , agendas must be posted six days before the meeting .
Saturday , July 04 , 2020
Repost 2020 : History that should not — and will not — disappear : July 4 , 1894 , illegal overthrow of Hawaii completed
“ President Cleveland further concluded that a " substantial wrong has thus been done which a due regard for our national character as well as the rights of the injured people requires we should endeavor to repair " and called for the restoration of the Hawaiian monarchy . ”
by Larry Geller
Cannon on the steps of the occupied Iolani Palace
On July 4 , 1894 , the Republic of Hawaii was declared , with Sanford B. Dole as president .
The illegal overthrow of the independent nation of Hawaii was complete .
Yes , although your daily paper may want you to forget this , it is history that should not be ignored .
There ’s even a federal law confirming the truth of the history they refuse to print .
From the
Whereas , in a message to Congress on December 18 , 1893 , President Grover Cleveland reported fully and accurately on the illegal acts of the conspirators , described such acts as an " act of war , committed with the participation of a diplomatic representative of the United States and without authority of Congress " , and acknowledged that by such acts the government of a peaceful and friendly people was overthrown ...
President Cleveland further concluded that a " substantial wrong has thus been done which a due regard for our national character as well as the rights of the injured people requires we should endeavor to repair " and called for the restoration of the Hawaiian monarchy .
Whereas , the indigenous Hawaiian people never directly relinquished their claims to their inherent sovereignty as a people or over their national lands to the United States , either through their monarchy or through a plebiscite or referendum .
A treaty of annexation was never passed by Congress , and President Grover Cleveland withdrew the treaty .
Then on this day in history …
On July 4 , 1894 , the archipelago 's new leaders responded to this rebuff by proclaiming a Republic of Hawaii , with Sanford Dole as president .
Under its constitution , most legislators would be appointed rather than elected , and only men with savings and property would be eligible for public office .
This all but excluded native Hawaiians from the government of their land …
[ From Overthrow , a book by Stephen Kinzer ]
What was the motivation ?
Need you ask ?
Why is the US in Iraq ?
From the Washington Post review of Overthrow :
As Stephen Kinzer tells the story in Overthrow , America 's century of regime changing began not in Iraq but Hawaii .
Hawaii ?
Indeed .
Kinzer explains that Hawaii's white haole minority -- in cahoots with the U.S. Navy , the White House and Washington 's local representative -- conspired to remove Queen Liliuokalani from her throne in 1893 as a step toward annexing the islands .
The haole plantation owners believed that by removing the queen ( who planned to expand the rights of Hawaii 's native majority ) and making Hawaii part of the United States , they could get in on a lucrative but protected mainland sugar market .
Ever wonder why free trade has such a bad name ?
The road leading up to the declaration of the Republic of Hawaii was rocky , and ca n’t be summed up in a short blog article .
Did you know , for example , that a US Senate investigation revealed that a bribe had been offered to Queen Liliuokalani to turn against her people and support the Republic ?
This snip is from a New York Times article on the Senate investigation , dated 1/29/1894 :
The declaration of the Republic was not a single , static event .
There was considerable debate in Congress on resolutions condemning the overthrow and proposed annexation .
For example , this snip from the 1/25/1894 New York Times will give you an idea of the complexity that we lose in simplifying Hawaii ’s history :
Each article is much longer than the snips above .
It would be worthwhile to skim the New York Times for a complete account of the Congressional debate .
No doubt this has already been done .
If not , the articles are available on - line for the harvesting ..
If you ’re not familiar with Hawaiian history , beware of websites that work hard to re-write it .
The true picture of the overthrow is not pretty , nor can the acts of the US government be justified or whitewashed .
Google cautiously .
Let your children know that there is more to July 4 than barbeques and fireworks .
It is a holiday that tears people apart here in Hawaii .
See how you can work this history into your celebrations and festivities , so that it will never disappear .
overthrow , illegal overthrow , Sanford Dole , July 4 Technorati Tags : Hawaii
overthrow , illegal overthrow , Sanford Dole , July 4 del.icio.us
Tags : Hawaii
by Larry GellerCannon on the steps of the occupied Iolani PalaceOn July 4 , 1894 , the Republic of Hawaii was declared , with Sanford B. Dole as president .
The illegal overthrow of the independent nation of Hawaii was complete .
Yes , although your daily paper may want you to forget this , it is history that should not be ignored .
There ’s even a federal law confirming the truth of the history they refuse to print .
From the Apology Resolution , United States Public Law 103 - 150: A treaty of annexation was never passed by Congress , and President Grover Cleveland withdrew the treaty .
Then on this day in history … What was the motivation ?
Need you ask ?
Why is the US in Iraq ?
From the Washington Post review of The road leading up to the declaration of the Republic of Hawaii was rocky , and ca n’t be summed up in a short blog article .
Did you know , for example , that a US Senate investigation revealed that a bribe had been offered to Queen Liliuokalani to turn against her people and support the Republic ?
This snip is from a New York Times article on the Senate investigation , dated 1/29/1894 :
The declaration of the Republic was not a single , static event .
There was considerable debate in Congress on resolutions condemning the overthrow and proposed annexation .
For example , this snip from the 1/25/1894 New York Times will give you an idea of the complexity that we lose in simplifying Hawaii ’s history : Each article is much longer than the snips above .
It would be worthwhile to skim the New York Times for a complete account of the Congressional debate .
No doubt this has already been done .
If not , the articles are available on - line for the harvesting ..
If you ’re not familiar with Hawaiian history , beware of websites that work hard to re-write it .
The true picture of the overthrow is not pretty , nor can the acts of the US government be justified or whitewashed .
Google cautiously .
Let your children know that there is more to July 4 than barbeques and fireworks .
It is a holiday that tears people apart here in Hawaii .
See how you can work this history into your celebrations and festivities , so that it will never disappear .
Thursday , June 25 , 2020
Media group lawsuit succeeds in opening public access to contested case hearing over the Grand Wailea Resort 's proposed expansion permit application
The case of Disappeared News v. The Maui Planning Commission has resulted in an apparent victory for those insisting that open government rules be followed .
In an order sending the matter back to the Maui Planning Commission to obtain relief , the Hawai'i Supreme Court noted that : " the Planning Department , BRE , and Intervenors agree that public access should be provided to the contested hearing by the Planning Commission .
It appears that the parties generally favor arranging for livestream or alternative means for the public to observe the proceedings . "
" Without the intervention of the Hawaii Supreme Court , this case would have continued in the darkness of closed proceedings .
We look forward to a formal announcement on how the public may observe the conduct of these proceedings . " said attorney Lance D. Collins .
He has requested that if the hearings officer does not reopen the proceedings officially that the matter be placed on the Maui Planning Commission 's next meeting agenda , which is scheduled to occur before the rescheduled hearing date for the contested case .
If the Commission does not open its hearing , the parties are allowed to return to the Supreme Court for further relief .
In contention are also demands for recusal of the hearings officer .
See :
Maui Planning Commission sneaks Hawaiian burial group ’s motion onto agenda , hears arguments without allowing public testimony
For those wishing to take a deeper dive into the issues in the hearing , a trove of 36 documents is available for download here :
https://tinyurl.com/MauiPlanningCommission
and a Civil Beat Law Center for the Public Interest post is here :
https://www.civilbeatlawcenter.org/case/maui-planning-commission/
by Larry Geller
The case of Disappeared News v. The Maui Planning Commission has resulted in an apparent victory for those insisting that open government rules be followed .
In an order sending the matter back to the Maui Planning Commission to obtain relief , the Hawai'i Supreme Court noted that : " the Planning Department , BRE , and Intervenors agree that public access should be provided to the contested hearing by the Planning Commission .
It appears that the parties generally favor arranging for livestream or alternative means for the public to observe the proceedings . "
" Without the intervention of the Hawaii Supreme Court , this case would have continued in the darkness of closed proceedings .
We look forward to a formal announcement on how the public may observe the conduct of these proceedings . " said attorney Lance D. Collins .
He has requested that if the hearings officer does not reopen the proceedings officially that the matter be placed on the Maui Planning Commission 's next meeting agenda , which is scheduled to occur before the rescheduled hearing date for the contested case .
If the Commission does not open its hearing , the parties are allowed to return to the Supreme Court for further relief .
In contention are also demands for recusal of the hearings officer .
See :
For those wishing to take a deeper dive into the issues in the hearing , a trove of 36 documents is available for download here : and a Civil Beat Law Center for the Public Interest post is here :
Sunday , June 21 , 2020
Can 3D printed homes combat homelessness in Hawaii ?
Hawaii ’s economy was in bad shape for most of its residents even before the coronavirus crisis hit .
Homelessness is the most visible symptom , but even those able to keep a roof over their heads were struggling .
Young people fled to the Mainland where there were better paying jobs and a lower cost of housing and living .
Housing is needed at all income levels , not just for those experiencing homelessness .
State and city government and the news media persist in defining the “ affordable housing ” needed variously up to 140 % of Area Median Income while those who are homeless or on the verge of homelessness require housing at about 33 % of AMI .
Despite the “ calls for action ” since 2003 there is still no plan to resolve the crisis of homelessness in Hawaii .
Given soaring unemployment due to the coronavirus crisis we may experience a homelessness increase greater than that during the Great Depression .
Even without the virus , rents continue to spiral upwards as wages stagnate and costs of living here increase inexorably .
We are continually deceived by “ solutions ” .
Housing
First is proven to work but our leaders ignore this .
Every so often a news article announces that some building or facility is to be purchased to house the homeless , but at the same time the failure of this approach to create the 20,000 , 24,000 or whatever number of housing units are currently cited as needed is never noted .
Nor will the outrageously expensive Honolulu Rail project produce needed low - cost housing .
Typically nearness to rail stations increases rather than decreases the cost of housing , and developers are not going to give up their profits for any just cause .
Rather than “ Transit Oriented Development ( TOD ) ” we are more likely to get “ Developer Oriented Transit ( DOT ) ” .
Yet there are innovative solutions .
I just want to thow this idea out as a possibility , not as a panacea .
We are unable to innovate our way out of this housing crisis , but others are making small inroads .
In the news recently is a way to build small homes rapidly for about $ 10,000 each .
We would need plenty of these to make a dent on the need here .
but still , perhaps it would help .
Again , this will not be the solution because it is not a systemic remedy , does nothing about low wages or high cost of living , and would require more dedication to solving our problems than our state and county government have been willing to give .
I just mention it so it wo n’t go unnoticed .
The title of this article is clickbait .
If I write about homelessness no one will click .
But here we go , you clicked , I reveal :
3D printed homes for families in need of shelter
Quality housing was built for a community of 50 families in Tabasco , Mexico , who are living on less than $ 3 a day .
Perhaps we could make use of this technology in Hawaii as well .
by Larry GellerHawaii ’s economy was in bad shape for most of its residents even before the coronavirus crisis hit .
Homelessness is the most visible symptom , but even those able to keep a roof over their heads were struggling .
Young people fled to the Mainland where there were better paying jobs and a lower cost of housing and living .
Housing is needed at all income levels , not just for those experiencing homelessness .
Homelessness was recognized as a crisis in the newspapers in 2003 or earlier .
Yet here we are , 17 years later , and the crisis has only deepened .
Gentrification has provided housing for the ultra-rich and for foreigners who live in Hawaii part time .
State and city government and the news media persist in defining the “ affordable housing ” needed variously up to 140 % of Area Median Income while those who are homeless or on the verge of homelessness require housing at about 33 % of AMI .
Despite the “ calls for action ” since 2003 there is still no plan to resolve the crisis of homelessness in Hawaii .
Given soaring unemployment due to the coronavirus crisis we may experience a homelessness increase greater than that during the Great Depression .
Even without the virus , rents continue to spiral upwards as wages stagnate and costs of living here increase inexorably .
We are continually deceived by “ solutions ” .
Housing
First is proven to work but our leaders ignore this .
Every so often a news article announces that some building or facility is to be purchased to house the homeless , but at the same time the failure of this approach to create the 20,000 , 24,000 or whatever number of housing units are currently cited as needed is never noted .
Nor will the outrageously expensive Honolulu Rail project produce needed low - cost housing .
Typically nearness to rail stations increases rather than decreases the cost of housing , and developers are not going to give up their profits for any just cause .
Rather than “ Transit Oriented Development ( TOD ) ” we are more likely to get “ Developer Oriented Transit ( DOT ) ” .
Yet there are innovative solutions .
I just want to thow this idea out as a possibility , not as a panacea .
We are unable to innovate our way out of this housing crisis , but others are making small inroads .
In the news recently is a way to build small homes rapidly for about $ 10,000 each .
We would need plenty of these to make a dent on the need here .
but still , perhaps it would help .
Again , this will not be the solution because it is not a systemic remedy , does nothing about low wages or high cost of living , and would require more dedication to solving our problems than our state and county government have been willing to give .
I just mention it so it wo n’t go unnoticed .
The title of this article is clickbait .
If I write about homelessness no one will click .
But here we go , you clicked , I reveal : Quality housing was built for a community of 50 families in Tabasco , Mexico , who are living on less than $ 3 a day .
Perhaps we could make use of this technology in Hawaii as well .
Tuesday , June 16 , 2020
Unclear on the concept ?
Maui developer files 36 exhibits exposing case to public scrutiny — the one they want to restrict from public view
by Larry Geller
The latest twist in the case of Disappeared News et al v. The Maui Planning Commission is a puzzler .
The plaintiffs , three media organizations , continue to argue that the Maui Planning Commission open its hearings to the public on the matter of the Grand Wailea Resorts proposed expansion .
The Developer continues to resist public access to the proceedings , yet yesterday , through its attorney , filed 36 documents with the Supreme Court that basically expose the underlying case ( up to this point ) to the public as well as to the Court .
The docs may be almost the entire contested case record .
It ’s not uncommon for those taking interest in a case to attend a public hearing , but most likely few will go beyond that to examine the written arguments .
The developer has provided a valuable public service .
This is not the end of it , of course , but it is a surpising treat .
You can skim these documents yourself here : https://tinyurl.com/MauiPlanningCommission
As to why the developer would submit this many exhibits to the Court , one can only guess .
It will be interesting to see how rapidly the Court issues a decision despite the barrage of reading material thrown before it .
For background , see recent articles below this one .
For a video on the underlying issue before the commission , see this article .
For completeness , here are two documents that may not be generally available :
1. The Planning Director 's original report to the Commission on the Application ( which is not available online ) : https://www.mauicounty.gov/DocumentCenter/View/117788/052819_Agenda-Item-C4_BRE-ICONIC-OWNER-LLC-Grand-Wailea_SM1-2018-0011-PD1-2019-0001-PD2-2018-0003_Report
2 . The original petition to intervene : https://www.mauicounty.gov/DocumentCenter/View/120779/012820_Agenda-Item-D1a_Petition-to-Intervene-on-Grand-Wailea_SM1-2018-0011-PD1-2019-0001-PD2-2018-0003
Also , this from the Civil Beat Law Center for the Public Interest : https://www.civilbeatlawcenter.org/case/maui-planning-commission/
Thursday , June 11 , 2020
Maui Planning Commission sneaks Hawaiian burial group ’s motion onto agenda , hears arguments without allowing public testimony
by Larry Geller Maui Planning Commission , Chapter 201 , Rules of Practice and Procedure 12-201 - 14 Meetings .
( a) All meetings of the commission shall be conducted in accord with the [ rovisions of chapter 92 , HRS , as amended .
…
(d) Except as provided in section 92 - 6 , HRS , as amended , the commission shall allow all interested persons an opportunity to submit data , views , arguments or present testimony on any agenda
item .
Sunshine law on agendas
With some exceptions , Section 92 HRS requires that :
No less than six calendar days prior to the meeting , the board shall post the notice on an electronic calendar on a website maintained by the State or the appropriate county and post a notice in the board ’s office for public inspection
…
If the written public notice is electronically posted on an electronic calendar less than six calendar days before the meeting , the meeting shall be canceled as a matter of law and shall not be held .
No less than six calendar days prior to the meeting , the board shall post the notice on an electronic calendar on a website maintained by the State or the appropriate county and post a notice in the board ’s office for public inspection
If the written public notice is electronically posted on an electronic calendar less than six calendar days before the meeting , the meeting shall be canceled as a matter of law and shall not be held .
Background articles on this issue : Pandemic no excuse for government hostility to sunshine laws Disappeared News part of media group seeking to open Maui Planning Commission deliberations to public scrutiny
The issue behind the Grand Wailea Resort contested case proceedings : desecration of sacred gravesites Grand Wailea Resort redevelopment contested case proceedings Hawaii Supreme Court orders Maui Planning Commission to answer petition on media access
by Larry Geller
The Maui Planning Commission appears to have violated both the Sunshine Law and its own rules by failing to give the public required notice of a hearing item .
By amending the agenda only two days before its hearing Tuesday on two motions filed by the intervening Hawaiian burial groups seeking to overrule rulings of the hearings officer and to recuse her , the Commission blindsided the public .
Six days notice is required and expected .
[ See box at right ]
Those who follow public meetings are used to checking six days before the meeting to learn what is on the agenda .
If there ’s nothing of interest , they may skip .
Or they may be on the lookout , as in this instance , for notice that an item of interest to them will come up .
Two motions filed by Hawaiian burial groups seeking to overrule rulings of the hearings officer and to recuse her were entertained at this meeting .
Since the motions for the Grand Wailea Resort expansion were not heard until around 4 p.m. in a meeting that started at 9 a.m. , those who did not have the revised agenda in hand would not be expected to have endured the grueling proceedings that wore out even Commission members , who were down to only five men by the time the matter came up
.
The hearing on the motion No public testimony was accepted for this agenda item .
The first motion involved the Hawaiian burial groups seeking to have the hearings officer recused for a long list of erroneous decisions and other decisions exceeding the authority of the hearings officer .
The argument by the groups was that this long list of errors demonstrated a pattern of prejudice against the groups or bias for the developer .
The Commissioners expressed concern and appeared troubled over specific individual decisions and sought assurances that everyone could , in fact , work together .
There was extensive legal argument and at one point , the developer 's attorney , Bill Meheula , and the Hawaiian group 's attorney , Bianca Isaki , entered into a civil but direct legal debate which was eventually cut off by the Commission 's attorney , deputy corporation counsel Michael Hopper , noting that the attorneys should be directing their statements to the chair and not each other .
It appeared that the Commissioners were putting the Hawaiian groups on one side and the hearing officer and developer together on the other .
After going through a number of the individual decisions of the hearing officer and finding room for “ compromise , ” they denied the motion for lack of satisfying the burden of proof for recusal .
The denial appeared to leave an open question whether the Commission was suggesting that the hearing officer was being biased or prejudiced but not to the level of recusal .
The motion was to recuse the hearing officer , but it may be that the five remaining commissioners were treating the hearing officer and developer as being part of the same side and available to “ compromise . ”
The commissioners then denied the second motion after hearing each side , having established that the hearing officer can still compromise with the Hawaiian burial groups .
Commission Kawika Freitas did express continuing concern that the Hawaiian burial groups have not been treated fairly in the proceedings from the beginning although based on the assurances of the hearing officer that she would do better , voted with the others to deny the motion .
What next Disappeared News and the other media groups ’ petition for mandamus to reopen the proceedings was only briefly mentioned by the parties during the motions and the matter returns to the hearing officer with her still - standing order to keep the proceedings closed .
The Grand Wailea Resort 's attorney was adamant that the proceedings ’ decision to close them to the public was correct .
Documents associated with the two motions , which are available from links on the agenda , give a glimpse into what is going on behind closed doors .
Friday , June 05 , 2020
Hawaii Supreme Court orders Maui Planning Commission to answer petition on media access
From the press release :
The Hawai'i Supreme Court has ordered the Maui Planning Commission to answer and explain why they have closed the Grand Wailea Resort redevelopment contested case proceedings to the press and public .
[ See also : Disappeared News part of media group seeking to open Maui Planning Commission deliberations to public scrutiny and The issue behind the Grand Wailea Resort contested case proceedings : desecration of sacred gravesites ]
Media organizations and journalists , through their Maui attorney Lance D. Collins , have lodged a Petition for Writ of Mandamus with the Hawai'i Supreme Court seeking an order requiring the Maui Planning Commission 's contested case proceedings related to the Grand Wailea Resorts proposed expansion be reopened the public .
The Grand Wailea Resort is seeking permission to remodel and expand its operations within the Special Management Area before the Maui Planning Commission .
Three Native Hawaiian community groups , Malama Kakanilua , Hooponopono o Makena and Pele Defense Fund were granted intervention in the proceedings and the Commission appointed Maui attorney Linden Joesting as the hearings officer .
On May 7 , the hearings officer issued an order denying that the proceedings were required to be open to the public , reaffirming an earlier decision that the proceedings move forward regardless of the COVID - 19 emergency or the stay at home orders on the basis of needing to " get [ ] the administrative law work of the County done . "
On May 19 , the media groups wrote to the hearings officer and the Chair of the Maui Planning Commission asking that the contested case be reopened to the public .
Thereafter , another secret hearing occurred where the hearings officer made further rulings .
Relying upon First Amendment caselaw protecting the press ' right to access adjudicative proceedings , the media groups have noted Hawaii 's long tradition and experience of open access to contested case proceedings especially related to land use .
" We are hopefuly the Maui Planning Commission will reopen its proceedings in the public view and open to the press .
This case is of particular interest to the general community and we look forward to the opportunity to cover the story , " said journalist Victor Gregor Limon .
" The press and public have a constitutional right to observe and report on the conduct of their government , " said the media groups attorney Lance D. Collins .
The case is Disappeared News et al v. Maui Planning Commission et al ,
SCPW-20-0000386 .
Wednesday , June 03 , 2020
Press release : Maui Hawaiian and Environmental Groups Call on Mayor Victorino to Rescind Fast Tracking of Shoreline Development Approvals
Numerous Hawaiian and environmental groups are calling
on Mayor Victorino to rescind his " directive " to fast track shoreline
development approvals as being outside of his powers and otherwise illegal .
On May 30 , Mayor Victorino issued a directive indicating certain
shoreline ( Special Management Area or SMA ) development approval requests
will be reviewed within fifteen days or be automatically approved .
The groups assert : ( 1 ) that the Charter assigns no authority over the Special Management
Area to the mayor ,
( 2 ) that the governor 's Eighth Supplemental Proclamation does not
authorize the mayor to take this action ,
( 3 ) that the governor 's Eighth Supplemental Proclamation does not waive
provisions of the State Constitution related to the protection of the
environment , the public trust , or Hawaiian traditional rights - all of
which may be impacted by shoreline area uses , and
( 4 ) that the governor 's Eighth Supplemental Proclamation itself is
defective .
In sum , the directive lacks legal authority to do what it claims to
authorize .
Ths Special Management Area was created by state law to implement the
federal Coastal Zone Management
Act which is to protect the shoreline
and its adjacent waters .
Under the Maui County Charter , the Maui
Planning Commission is the designated authority over all matters related
to the Coastal Zone Management Act .
The Maui Planning Commission has
delegated some of its authority to the Planning Director by
administrative rule .
" These groups support County efforts to assist small , local businesses
deal with the impacts of COVID - 19 .
On the the hand , the County do so in
a lawful way ensuring our resources and practices are given adequate
protection . " said Lance D. Collins , the groups ' attorney .
The Maui community groups are Ho‘oponopono o Mākena , Ka Malu o Kahālāwai
Mālama Kakanilua , Nā Mamo Aloha ‘ Āina o Honokōhau , Nā Papa‘i Wawae
‘ Ula‘ula , Save Olowalu , Sierra Club , Maui Group , and West Maui
Preservation Association .
--------------- *
Why am I posting a press release ?
If a newspaper covers the story these days , it will largely be based on the press release .
Perhaps they ’ll check with Mayor Victorino , in this instance .
If a mere blog checked with his office , likely there would be no response anyway .
So for the moment , the press release is your best information .
Friday , May 22 , 2020
The issue behind the Grand Wailea Resort contested case proceedings : desecration of sacred gravesites
by Larry Geller
Here is a short video explaining the issue behind the contested case hearing that the Maui Planning Commission wants to keep locked behind closed doors .
Also see : Media Groups Demand End to Closed Grand Wailea Resort Contested Case
Disappeared News part of media group seeking to open Maui Planning Commission deliberations to public scrutiny
by Larry Geller A media group ( including Disappeared News ) has petitioned the Hawaii Supreme Court for a writ of mandamus to order the Maui Planning Commission to open its deliberations to the public in a contested case hearing .
A writ of mandamus is an order from a court to a government official ordering the government official to properly fulfill their official duties or correct an abuse of discretion .
The Commission has ignored a written demand by the group that contested case proceedings related to the Grand Wailea Resorts proposed expansion be reopened to the public . “
Petitioners seek a writ of mandamus directing the MAUI PLANNING COMMISSION and its HEARING OFFICER to open its proceedings in In the Matter of the Application for : BRE ICONIC GWR OWNER , LLC , Docket No. SM1 2018/0011 and to otherwise comply with the constitutional standards set forth in Oahu Publications Inc. v.
Ahn before closing any contested case proceedings to the public ...
” A downside of the current coronavirus crisis is that it gives government boards and commissions the opportunity to feel they can flout constitutional or statutory requirements to conduct their business in the open .
The Maui Planning Commission is moving forward with a contested case hearing closed to the public .
See : Pandemic no excuse for government hostility to sunshine laws
The issue before the Maui Planning Commission is the request by the Grand Wailea Resort to remodel and expand its operations within the Special Management Area .
The public has a right to observe the discussion , the decision - making process , and any vote .
To cloak actions of a board or commission in secrecy means that they do not want to be accountable to the public for their actions .
Download 20200521 Petition for Writ of Mandamus Re Maui Planning Commission from Disappeared News
Tuesday , May 19 , 2020
Pandemic no excuse for government hostility to sunshine laws
by Larry Geller “ Information allows people to scrutinise the actions of a government and is the basis for proper , informed debate of those actions . ”
( The Public ’s Right to Know : Principles on Freedom of Information Legislation , London , 1999 , p. 1 . )
The founding fathers recognized the connection between democratic government and an informed populace .
George Washington , who suffered more than his share of criticism from the prq^ , believed in the importance of the free exchange of ideas in a democracy .
He once wrote that the process was necessary so Citizens at large may be well informed , and decide , with respect to public measures , upon a thorough knowledge of the facts .
Concealment is a species of misinformation . "
( James E. Pollard , The Presidents and the Press , 1947 , pp. 29-30 ) yyyy Given the chance , many government boards , commissions and even the Hawaii State Legislature will take the opportunity to operate out of the public view .
The current COVID - 19 crisis coupled with Governor David Ige ’s emergency proclamations have made it easier for government bodies to overstep their discretion in locking the public out of the public ’s business .
This morning attorney Lance Collins submitted a written demand that the Maui Planning Commission 's contested case proceedings related to the Grand Wailea Resorts proposed expansion be reopened to the public .
Disappeared News and The Hawai'i Independent are media organizations making this demand .
The issue before the Maui Planning Commission is the request by the Grand Wailea Resort to remodel and expand its operations within the Special Management Area .
Three Native Hawaiian community groups , Malama Kakanilua , Hooponopono o Makena and Pele Defense Fund were granted intervention in the proceedings and the Commission appointed Maui attorney Linden Joesting as the hearings officer .
On May 7 , the hearings officer issued an order denying that the proceedings were required to be open to the public , reaffirming an earlier decision that the proceedings move forward regardless of the COVID - 19 emergency or the stay at home orders on the basis of needing to " get the administrative law work of the County done . "
Relying upon First Amendment caselaw protecting the press ' right to access adjudicative proceedings , the media groups have also noted Hawaii 's long tradition and experience of open access to contested case proceedings especially related to land use .
The letter includes these points : “ In summary , the Media demand that the proceedings for the above - mentioned contested case be re-opened to the public without qualification or delay .
Article I , Section 4 of the Hawaii State Constitution and the First Amendment to the United States Constitution , as well as the requirements of the Charter of the County of Maui , impose upon the Maui Planning Commission and its hearings officers , an obligation to conduct contested case proceedings including prehearing conferences in a manner accessible the public and the press . ”
Disappeared News feels that it is important to clarify that actions of government be completely transparent — and that the coronavirus crisis not be used as an “ excuse ” to deny the public its rights .
There ’s no question that government does have the ability and in the context of public health or national security and public order , or the rights of others like privacy , to impose some rules and limitations .
But to place limits on the public ’s right to see or participate in the actions of its government , the restrictions need to meet tests of necessity .
The denial by the hearings officer does not meet standards of necessity .
Additionally , there is a long tradition and experience of open access to contested case proceedings especially related to land use .
" There has been a total disregard for the rights of the public and the press to access and observe this important case .
We sincerely hope the Commission reconsiders this decision immediately , " said journalist Victor Gregor Limon .
" This time of emergency does not justify government secrecy .
The Resort is certainly not entitled to have their permits fast - tracked behind closed doors while public gatherings are banned and also excluding the press , "
Download 200519 Media Letter to Maui Planning Commission from Disappeared News
Monday , April 27 , 2020
Life of the Land appeals denial of Kahuku Windmill motion
From today 's press release :
Life of the Land filed a direct appeal to the Hawai'i Supreme Court on April 27 regarding the Public Utilities Commission 's decision to deny its motion to void approvals related to the Kahuku windmills project .
Last September , Life of the Land filed a motion for relief with the Public Utilities Commission seeking to invalidate the approval of the Purchase Power Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and AES Corporation for the Na Pua Makani windmill project in Kahuku .
Life of the Land argued that the project had failed to obtain site control within the approved timeline , that the Commission did not properly consider greenhouse gas emissions and that the cost for energy approved in 2016 was no longer reasonable or in the public interest .
On April 14 , the Commission denied Life of the Land 's motion arguing that it does not have jurisdiction to review previous approvals .
Alternatively , the Commission ruled that the PUC approval empowered Hawaiian Electric and AES Corp to change to the terms of their approval without further PUC review or approval .
Life of the Land is seeking the high court 's review for a number of procedural and substantive reasons .
Most importantly , the Commission 's decision is based upon the claim that the Commission can delegate the power to modify its approvals to private parties .
" The legislature has conferred broad power on the Commission to ensure that monopolies abide by the terms of their approvals .
The Commission 's self - limiting decision is erroneous and sets a dangerous precedent , " said LOTL attorney Bianca Isaki .
" Delegating regulatory power to private developers to monitor themselves was rejected by the Hawai'i Supreme Court nearly forty years ago , " said LOTL attorney Lance Collins .
Wednesday , April 15 , 2020
Kahuku Mother Sues Board of Education over Secret , Closed - Door Meeting and Vote
This is a news release from attorney Lance Collins regarding action to remedy what appears to be a blatant refusal on the part of Hawaii 's statewide Board of Education to follow the Sunshine Law .
Pending outcome of the court challenge , my comment would be that they very well understand the law .
It 's not as though this is an inexperienced board .
Kahuku , Oahu -- Sunny Unga , Kahuku resident and mother of public school
children , has filed suit against the Board of Education for holding a
secret , closed door meeting last February , that resulted in denying her
petition for rulemaking , violating the state Sunshine Law .
In January , Ms. Unga petitioned the Board of Education to adopt a new
rule that requires schools and libraries to hold a community meeting
before providing official comments regarding development projects
proposed within five miles of a school or library .
The petition came after it was discovered the Department of Education
raised no concerns about the close proximity of proposed windmills to
Kahuku Elementary -- other than " student will hear the windmills " -- in
its official comment for the Na Pua Makani windwill EIS .
Within weeks of receiving the official petition , the Board of Education
held a secret meeting behind closed doors where they deliberated and
voted to deny the petition .
The Board did not provide notice of the
meeting to the public nor did it allow the public the opportunity to
testify before they made their decision .
After the Board held its secret meeting , they informed Ms. Unga that
they had denied her petition .
The Board admits they did not provide notice of the meeting and failed
to provide the public with notice of their decision .
The Board instead
argues that it was allowed to pass an administrative rule which exempted
itself from the requirements of the Sunshine Law .
Ms. Unga is asking the First Circuit Court to void the Board 's action
denying her petition , to require the Board to consider her petition at a
public meeting , and to invalidate the Board 's rule attempting to exempt
itself from the Sunshine Law .
" The community asked the Board to consider transparency in Department of
Education decision - making regarding proposed developments around schools
and libraries .
Sadly , the Board chose to reject it in a secret ,
closed - door meeting , " said Ms. Unga 's attorney Bianca Isaki .
" The Sunshine Law is to ensure that the formation of public policy is
done in the open .
No agency has the power to adopt a rule that exempts
itself from this mandate , " said Ms. Unga 's attorney Lance D. Collins .
Monday , April 06 , 2020
Governor Ige 's suspension of Hawaii's " Sunshine Law " during COVID - 19 crisis does not allow gov't to hold secret meetings
Hawaii public interest attorney Lance Collins writes that although Hawaii's Gov. Ige suspended state law Chapter 92 F , Haw .
Rev. Statutes , " that provides a uniform procedure by which a member of the public may inspect and copy a government record as well as protect personal information , " he points out that " It does not establish the right of members of the public to inspect and copy such records and it does not independently establish a duty of an agency to provide access .
Those rights and duties are established by several constitutional provisions , the Charter as well as the common law . "
Although Collins ' letter references the Maui County Charter , he found the same basic provisions in the charters of each Hawaii county :
County of Hawai'i Charter
Section 10 - 3(d ) Proposed Budget and Message Public Record
Section 10 - 4 Public Hearing on Operating and Capital Budget
Section 10 - 7 Budget Public Record
Section 13-20 ( a) County Records are Open to Public Inspection
Section 13-20 ( b) Council , Board and Commissions Meetings Open to Public
City and County of Honolulu Charter
Section 3-107(8 ) Council Meetings Open to the Public
Section 3-404(3 ) Ordinances Require Three Readings Including a Public
Hearing
Section 7 - 110 Public Hearings on Fixing / Adjusting Rates / Proposed Budget
of Board of Water Supply
Section 9-104(1 ) Council required to hold public hearing on proposed
city budget (s )
Section 13 -105 Records Open to the Public
Section 13 -106 Public Hearings ; Notice Requirements
Section 17 -107 Public Hearing on Proposed Budget of Public Transit Authority
County of Kauai Charter
Section 3.07 ( E ) Council and Committee Meetings Open to the Public
Section 19.07 ( A) Proposed Budget Subject to Council Public hearing (s )
Section 23.08 ( A) County Records Open to Public Inspection
Section 23.08 ( B) Board and Commission Meetings Open to Public
Section 30.03 ( F ) Electric Cooperative Board Meetings Open to Public
Download Open Government Requirements During Emergency from Disappeared News
Boards , commissions and city councils may believe the Governor 's suspension of 92 F allows them to hold meetings or keep records out of the public view .
Not so .
Hawaii public interest attorney Lance Collins writes that although Hawaii's Gov. Ige suspended state law Chapter 92 F , Haw .
Rev. Statutes , " that provides a uniform procedure by which a member of the public may inspect and copy a government record as well as protect personal information , " he points out that " It does not establish the right of members of the public to inspect and copy such records and it does not independently establish a duty of an agency to provide access .
Those rights and duties are established by several constitutional provisions , the Charter as well as the common law .
" Although Collins ' letter references the Maui County Charter , he found the same basic provisions in the charters of each Hawaii county : County of Hawai'i CharterSection 10 - 3( d ) Proposed Budget and Message Public RecordSection 10 - 4 Public Hearing on Operating and Capital BudgetSection 10 - 7 Budget Public RecordSection 13-20 ( a ) County Records are Open to Public InspectionSection 13-20 ( b) Council , Board and Commissions Meetings Open to PublicCity and County of Honolulu CharterSection 3-107(8 ) Council Meetings Open to the PublicSection 3-404(3 ) Ordinances Require Three Readings Including a PublicHearingSection 7 -110 Public Hearings on Fixing / Adjusting Rates / Proposed Budgetof Board of Water SupplySection 9-104(1 )
Council required to hold public hearing on proposedcity budget ( s ) Section 13 -105 Records Open to the PublicSection 13 - 106 Public Hearings ; Notice RequirementsSection 17-107 Public Hearing on Proposed Budget of Public Transit AuthorityCounty of Kauai CharterSection 3.07 ( E )
Council and Committee Meetings Open to the PublicSection 19.07 ( A ) Proposed Budget Subject to Council Public hearing (s ) Section 23.08 ( A ) County Records Open to Public InspectionSection 23.08 ( B) Board and Commission Meetings Open to PublicSection 30.03 ( F ) Electric Cooperative Board Meetings Open to Public
Friday , February 28 , 2020
Mauna Kea donors seek Supreme Court protection from Attorney General subpoenas
Here 's a press release .
Yes , we 're willing to post press releases .
It 's what you 'll get in the media anyway , but warped a bit .
Mauna Kea Donors Seek Supreme Court Protection from Attorney General
February 28 , 2020
HONOLULU - Donors to non-profit organizations supporting Mauna Kea
protectors have filed an original proceeding in the Hawai'i Supreme
Court seeking to protect their identities from being obtained by the
Attorney General .
Last year , the Attorney General issued several subpoenas to the
Office of Hawaiian Affairs , Hawaiian Airlines and First Hawaiian Bank
for records related to activities supporting public demonstrations
opposed to further development of Mauna Kea .
The Attorney General 's subpoena to First Hawaiian Bank sought to
obtain banking records of KAHEA , one of the non-profit organizations
that has supported those demonstrating for Mauna Kea .
KAHEA sought a
circuit court order to stop the subpoena which was partially granted but
partially denied .
Circuit Court Judge James Ashford ordered First
Hawaiian Bank to produce some of KAHEA 's banking records .
The records
that are to be produced will reveal the identity of the donors .
The donors argue enforcing the subpoena will violate their
constitutional right to privacy and freedom of association by disclosing
their identities and financial contributions to KAHEA .
The donors ' attorney Bianca Isaki said , “ The attorney general has
overstepped her powers by targeting those who support the Mauna Kea
demonstrators .
The donors ’ assertion of their rights seeks to halt this
unprecedented overreach by government into community organizing . ”
The donors ' other attorney Lance D. Collins said , " The Attorney
General is bound by the constitution to obtain a warrant when seeking
evidence in a criminal investigation .
She can't get around the lack of
probable cause by issuing administrative subpoenas under bureaucratic
pretenses . "
The Supreme Court will first decide whether Judge Ashford or Clare
Connors should answer the petition .
A hearing date would be set after
the answers are filed .
- 30 -
Contact :
Lance D. Collins
lawyer@maui.net
808-243-9292
Monday , January 27 , 2020
Johan Galtung ’s view from Europe : A Multipolar Future of Regional Civilizations , U.S. May Divide in Two
Wednesday , October 02 , 2019
Did you know you can weigh in on Caldwell ’s $ 772 million splurge on replacing the Blaisdell Arena , a war memorial ?
Be quick , though
The information below is provided by @ BlaisdellMemorl .
The City is planning to replace Blaisdell Arena , a building eligible for the State and National Historic Register of Historic Places , and the public can submit comment now to the State Historic Preservation Department ( SHPD ) , but you would n't know that from following the news .
These consultation periods are not generally considered newsworthy subjects , but it is an important way for the public to weigh in on proposed changes to any historic site in Hawaii .
The final Environmental Assessment for the $ 772 million Blaisdell Center redevelopment project plans to retain the arena 's exterior while replacing and modernizing the interior , stating no significant impact on this historic site .
Now the City plans to demolish and replace the arena 's interior AND exterior .
If addition of a two - story dressing room in 2013 can be determined as affecting the historic arena , surely gutting it to the rafters does .
Historic Hawaii Foundation 's comments on the draft EA disagreed with the proposed finding of " no significant impact " .
Historic preservation practices state that historic features should be repaired instead of replaced .
Destroying the historic character of Blaisdell Arena would certainly affect this historic property , which is inconsistent with the EA 's findings of no significant impact .
The City is n't even following their own rules .
This is where the SHPD consultation comes in .
Anyone can comment on projects involving historic sites for 30 days after the project is published on SHPD 's website .
They published 2 projects on Blaisdell Center but did n't say what either project is about .
It 's rather hard to comment on a project when you do n't know what it is , and as of this writing the state still has not offered a description .
One likely addresses the historic architecture .
The comment period for the earliest project ends on Saturday Oct 5 , the latter on Oct 19 .
Blaisdell Arena is a well known and recognizable building .
You see it flying in and out of Honolulu .
Post an image on any history of Hawaii Facebook page and you 'll get hundreds of comments .
Do the same 1 month later and you 'll get hundreds more .
Historic buildings are architectural kupuna , they have stories to tell , if you treat them right .
To often in Hawaii people do n't rally to support an historic site until the demolition crew shows up .
See Sherwoods .
Of course , it 's difficult for people to follow projects threatening their favorite historic site when most in this state are struggling just to keep a roof over their head .
Navigating the City 's convoluted logic of " no significant impact " on an historic building that they plan to demolish while dealing with the state 's obtuseness on what projects are actually up for consultation can be soul crushing .
No wonder so many throw up their hands and walk away .
It 's almost easier to protest .
See Sherwoods again .
But here is a chance to make a difference when it counts .
If you want to preserve Blaisdell Arena , email SHPD at the addresses below and tell them this historic site is too significant to lose .
Retaining the historic character of this building 's exterior is possible while still updating the interior .
Do this by Oct 5 .
Or by Oct 19 .
Who knows State Historic Preservation Division
Alan Downer , Administrator
601 Kamokila Boulevard , Rm 555
Kapolei , Hawaii 96707-2037 DLNR .Intake .SHPD@Hawaii.gov ATTN :
Tanya Gumapac - McGuire , Acting Architecture Branch Chief
Friday , June 21 , 2019
Community group opposes use by Hawaii gov't of LRAD device they secretly purchased
These devices do n't belong in Hawaii .
They can cause permant hearing loss and injury .
From the press release :
HONOLULU , HAWAI ‘I - On June 21 , 2019 , KAHEA : The Hawaiian - Environmental Alliance , through its attorney Lance D. Collins , wrote to Suzanne Case , Chair of the Department of Land and Natural Resources ( DLNR ) requesting her to publicly renounce the use of its recently procured Long Range Acoustic Device ( LRAD ) , commonly referred to as a “ sound cannon . ”
LRADs were developed by military contractors after the bombing of the USS Cole .
LRADs are pain inflicting weapons used by the U.S. military to suppress close - range attacks on Navy warships .
When mounted aboard a Navy ship , the “ area denial ” feature emits a “ sound at a dangerously high level . . . to cause pain / hearing damage ” as well as “ repel ” an attack on a warship by combatants .
Individuals immediately lose balance , experience nausea , dizziness and lack of control over bodily movement .
The use of LRAD as a deterrent or dispersant of nonviolent , noncombatant civilians has caused serious and many times permanent bodily injury in a number of cases across the United States since certain law enforcement agencies began using them on noncombatants .
KAHEA ’s attorney pointed to state , federal , and international law provisions under which use of the LRAD against nonviolent demonstrators is unlawful .
“ Under federal constitution law , ” KAHEA wrote , “ the use of this military weapon ( the 100X model specifically procured by you ) in a manner capable of causing serious and permanent bodily injury to move non-violent demonstrators ‘ violates the Fourteenth Amendment under clearly established law . ’ ”
According to DLNR documents , its LRAD contract is from June 15 , 2019 to December 19 , 2019 and the justification for the approximately $ 15,000 purchase of the device is for natural disaster warnings .
KAHEA ’s letter , however , notes that an LRAD device was first observed in DLNR officers ’ possession during demonstrations on Haleakalā last year and was confirmed only after multiple open records requests by KAHEA were denied .
KAHEA ’s letter requests Case to “ immediately and publicly renounce the use of these military weapons against civilian noncombatants seeking to protect natural resources and historic properties anywhere within your department 's jurisdiction ” and promises to seek the protection of the courts if no such action is taken .
Wednesday , May 08 , 2019
Johan Galtung ’s view from Europe : Meanwhile , Around the World
It is one of the most poignant moments in modern film : Dirk Bogarde as the ageing and ailing German composer Gustav von Aschenbach watches transfixed from his deck chair as Tadzio , the blond youth he is obsessed with , wades slowly out into the sun-drenched Venetian lagoon .
The Mahler score soars heavenward , the youth points enigmatically out to sea – and the composer lurches forward in his chair , dead from a heart attack .
The scene was shot at Venice Lido 's Alberoni Baths , one of the resort 's oldest bathing establishments , where little has changed in a century .
As the credits rolled and the camera panned , von Aschenbach 's limp corpse was lugged away past the scenic lines of bathing huts .
The film Death in Venice , based on the Thomas Mann novella of the same name , made the area a favourite with cinema buffs and tourists .
But now the death knell is sounding for that beloved cinematic backdrop .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The city council is planning to develop a sand dune – 80 metres long and 50 metres deep – that would result in the destruction of the decades - old beach huts , as well as the characteristic Bagni Alberoni bathing establishment , which has stood on the site since the early 1900s .
The plans would change the beach beyond recognition , says the Alberoni Committee , which is campaigning against the development and has collected more than 2,000 signatures on its petition to save the landmark site .
Stefano Bartoli , the owner of the Bagni Alberoni bathing establishment , said : " If these plans go ahead , we will have to close , it 's that simple .
It wo n't be possible to stay open .
And if we close lots of jobs will be lost and the local community will die – so too will a little piece of history . "
Nobody at Venice council was available for comment .
However , the Italian news agency Ansa quoted the council as saying that the area had been classified as a nature reserve and therefore needed protecting .
As well as its intense light and fine sand , the Venice lagoon area is noted for its own sub-tropical microclimate with many rare species of plants and animals .
Members of the Alberoni Committee told The Independent , however , that the authorities had allowed the beach to fall into such a state of disrepair that such a justification was hard to believe .
" They seem to come up with a different excuse every month , " said one member Silvia Orio , who owns a hotel in the area .
" To be honest , I 'm not really sure why they want to close it . "
The campaigners are determined to stop the construction of the dunes .
" This is a special place and it's been a place for intellectuals , " said Ms Orio .
" It would be a tragedy if it went and we 're not going to give up the fight . "
This week the Committee took out a out a full - page advertisement in the local Corriere del Veneto newspaper in an effort to warn the public of the council 's plans and to raise support for the campaign .
The Alberoni Committee website , www.savevenetianbeach.com, has been funded by local residents and businesses , and the hope is that many more residents will sign the petition .
Ms Orio stressed that the next few weeks of the campaign would critical .
" We expect the council to make a decision by the end of September , so what we do now will be vital , " she said .
Ugh .
This is the type of horrible stuff we hate learning about , let alone sharing .
“ Police say a double stabbing in broad daylight left one person dead and another injured in Northwest Washington on Wednesday . …
Officers found two transgender women in front of the building when they arrived .
One of the victims , identified as twenty - one year old Joshua Mack [ his biologically male name , though she went by “ Nanny Boo ” ] from Clinton , Md. , later died at a hospital .
The second victim remains hospitalized in stable condition .
Police are withholding the identity of the second victim , who was a witness to the murder .
D.C. Police say the attacker is an unknown man in his early 30s .
He was last seen wearing all black and running in the opposite direction on Q Street .
Police do n’t know if gender played a role in the murder and stabbing , but the crime did take place two blocks from an agency that provides services to transgender people , including transgender youth .
‘ I ’m a transgendered woman , too , ’ said Warrena Earls , another resident .
‘ I know a lot of people in this city .
I ’m born and raised on Q Street .
Nothing like this ever happened . '”
Police are investigating the hate crime element : “ The surviving victim told a detective that the attacker might have used an anti-gay epithet during the incident , Parsons said .
But it would be “ extremely premature ” for authorities to definitively classify the crime as having been motivated by the victims ’ gender identity , he added . ”
( Photo via )
A
Interestingly , it has been reproduced in several other strategic and military Web sites of the country and by all means , targets the domestic audience .
The authoritative host site is located in Beijing and is the new edition of one , which so far represented the China International Institute for Strategic Studies ( www.chinaiiss.org).
Claiming that Beijing 's ' China - Centric ' Asian strategy , provides for splitting India , the writer of the article , Zhan Lue ( strategy ) , has found that New Delhi 's corresponding ' India - Centric ' policy in Asia , is in reality a ' Hindustan centric ' one .
Stating that on the other hand ' local centres ' exist in several of the country 's provinces ( excepting for the UP and certain northern regions ) , Zhan Lue has felt that in the face of such local characteristics , the ' so - called ' Indian nation cannot be considered as one having existed in history .
According to the article , if India today relies on any thing for unity , it is the Hindu religion .
The partition of the country was based on religion .
Stating that today nation states are the main current in the world , it has said that India could only be termed now as a ' Hindu religious state ' .
Adding that Hinduism is a decadent religion as it allows caste exploitation and is unhelpful to the country 's modernisation , it described the Indian government as one in a dilemma with regard to eradication of the caste system as it realises that the process to do away with castes may shake the foundation of the consciousness of the Indian nation .
The writer has argued that in view of the above , China in its own interest and the progress of Asia , should join forces with different nationalities like the Assamese , Tamils , and Kashmiris and support the latter in establishing independent nation - States of their own , out of India .
In particular , the ULFA ( United Liberation Front of Asom ) in Assam , a territory neighboring China , can be helped by China so that Assam realises its national independence .
The article has also felt that for Bangladesh , the biggest threat is from India , which wants to develop a great Indian Federation extending from Afghanistan to Myanmar .
India is also targeting China with support to Vietnam 's efforts to occupy Nansha ( Spratly ) group of islands in South China Sea .
Hence the need for China 's consolidation of its alliance with Bangladesh , a country with which the US and Japan are also improving their relations to counter China .
It has pointed out that China can give political support to Bangladesh enabling the latter to encourage ethnic Bengalis in India to get rid of Indian control and unite with Bangladesh as one Bengali nation ; if the same is not possible , creation of at least another free Bengali nation state as a friendly neighbour of Bangladesh , would be desirable , for the purpose of weakening India 's expansion and threat aimed at forming a ' unified South Asia ' .
The punch line in the article has been that to split India , China can bring into its fold countries like Pakistan , Nepal and Bhutan , support ULFA in attaining its goal for Assam 's independence , back aspirations of Indian nationalities like the Tamils and Nagas , encourage Bangladesh to give a push to the independence of West Bengal and lastly recover the 90,000 sq km territory in southern Tibet .
Wishing for India 's break - up into 20 to 30 nation - States like in Europe , the article has concluded by saying that if the consciousness of nationalities in India could be aroused , social reforms in South Asia can be achieved , the caste system can be eradicated and the region can march along the road of prosperity .
The Chinese article in question will certainly outrage readers in India .
Its suggestion that China can follow a strategy to dismember India , a country always with a tradition of unity in diversity , is atrocious , to say the least .
The write - up could not have been published without the permission of the Chinese authorities , but it is sure that Beijing will wash its hands out of this if the matter is taken up with it by New Delhi .
It has generally been seen that China is speaking in two voices -- its diplomatic interlocutors have always shown understanding during their dealings with their Indian counterparts , but its selected media is pouring venom on India in their reporting .
Which one to believe is a question confronting the public opinion and even policy makers in India .
In any case , an approach of panic towards such outbursts will be a mistake , but also ignoring them will prove to be costly for India .
D S Rajan , is Director , Chennai Centre for China Studies .
Create Your Gradient
Choose at least 2 colors to get gradients
ON
Copied !
The English version of the trailer for Solomon Kane .
Spend your life cutting men down with your blade and robbing them of their wealth , and word of your exploits is sure to reach the devil , who is always on the lookout for new souls .
Meet Solomon Kane , the invention of Robert E. Howard , the legendary creator of Conan the Barbarian .
Howard published his sword - and - sorcery stories in the Depression - era pulp magazine Weird Tales , and his influence on the fantasy genre is rivalled only by J. R. R. Tolkien .
Armed with a rapier and flintlock pistols , Solomon Kane dresses in black , his pale face and cold eyes shadowed by a hat .
He is a true rogue , blasting and slashing forward on a mission of pillage and plunder in war - torn North Africa in the late 1500s .
When the devil lays claim to his hopelessly corrupt soul , Kane escapes only to face the sobering truth : in order to seek redemption , he must renounce his wicked ways and devote himself wholly to a pious life .
His new - found piety is put to the test when he is forced to return to his murderous ways to save England from the grasp of evil .
Under the fine direction of Michael J. Bassett , James Purefoy brings this swashbuckling hero to life on the big screen , eliciting more depth and intrigue from Kane than Arnie was able to deliver in Conan .
His bare flesh scarred with spiritual symbols and a cross branded on his back , Purefoy ( known for his role as Mark Antony in HBO 's Rome ) as Kane has looked into the fiery pits of hell and is ready to take on the demonic hordes .
Purefoy is backed by the solid casting of Jason Flemyng , Max von Sydow and Pete Postlethwaite .
Shot in a gritty manner that embraces the story 's mud , filth and blood , Solomon Kane evokes Michael Reeves 's The Conqueror Worm , starring Vincent Price .
However , our hell - bent hero never takes his valiant quest too seriously , marking a glorious return to high - spirited action and adventure .
Los Angeles Board of Education approves expansion of charter schools
By Kevin Martinez and Jack Cody
8 September 2009
On August 25 , the Los Angeles Board of Education voted 6 to 1 to turn over more than 250 schools , currently under the jurisdiction of Los Angeles Unified School District ( LAUSD ) , to private corporations to become charter schools .
In doing so , the board is moving forward with a right - wing attack on public education that is being pushed at the state - wide level by the Schwarzenegger administration and at the national level by President Obama as part of his overall strategy for education “ reform . ”
The vote by the LAUSD allows Superintendent Ramon C. Cortines to determine the best method for running 200 currently “ failing ” schools and 50 new schools slated for opening in the coming years .
This decision opens the way for charter school companies to bid for oversight of these campuses .
A Los Angeles Times article published on August 26 described the 50 new schools , whose multimillion - dollar facilities will be built with public money , as “ the biggest prize ” for the charter school companies .
A rally , attended mostly by supporters of the decision , was held that day after the LAUSD ’s vote was announced outside district headquarters .
Many of those in attendance came because of the efforts of private charter school corporations , such as Green Dot and the Inner City Education Foundation .
They have been working to garner backing for charter schools among parents and students through various groups such as “ Families That Can . ”
These pro-charter groups try to take advantage of the enormous and legitimate frustration among working class families over the inferior quality of the public schools and steer it in a direction that will transform public education into a source of private profit .
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa spoke to the assembled crowd to give his approval to the board ’s decision .
According to the LA Times , the mayor , who hand picked the majority of the seven LAUSD members , also leads a nonprofit corporation that runs 11 charter schools .
He “ could take advantage of the board action ” and thus personally benefit from the decision , the article notes .
There are now close to 700 charter schools in California , of which 163 are in Los Angeles County .
Charter schools are run by private entities and have little oversight from the school district .
According to a May 21 article in the Times , researchers at the University of Southern California found that only 30 of the 163 charter schools in LA filed the required quarterly financial reports with their local districts .
Charter schools , like public schools , do not charge tuition .
In theory , they are open to all students .
In actuality , however , these schools try to enroll the most advanced students , as they tend to produce higher test scores for the school , thereby ensuring further funding from the district .
Meanwhile , students with greater needs are left to fend for themselves in crumbling public institutions .
In essence , charter schools promote educational and social inequality .
Voting in favor of the motion , Board member Yolie Flores Aguilar said , “ The premise of the resolution is first and foremost to create choice and competition and to really force and pressure the district to put forth a better educational plan . ”
This statement by Flores , as well as the entire claim that the growth of the charter school system will improve the education in Los Angeles , is a fraud .
The very people who are forcing through charter schools have just implemented hundreds of millions of dollars of cuts to education and imposed widespread layoffs in the schools .
Just this year alone , the LA School Board voted to eliminate 5,400 teachers ’ jobs from the district , including newer teachers , custodians , counselors and other important positions .
In June it approved cuts of $ 1.6 billion from the LAUSD budget over the next three years .
These cuts are creating highly overcrowded schools , where a shrinking teaching staff has to teach more and more students with fewer resources .
Physical education , music , the arts , and many other programs are being axed .
The city ’s public schools are being transformed into holding pens for children , as opposed to an environment that allows for real learning and development .
The only “ choice ” embraced by Aguilar and others on the school board is to hand what will inevitably be “ failing ” schools over to private entities .
However , it is the decisions of the board — and above all the state and federal government — that have made it impossible for Los Angeles area public schools to succeed in the first place , because the state ’s economic crisis is being addressed through massive cuts to public services .
In short , those that bear responsibility for the decrepit state of public education are now using it to impose what will ultimately lead to the effective privatization of the school system .
The vote by the LA School Board coincides with a concerted effort by the state and federal government to expand charter schools as part of a broader push for so - called “ education reform . ”
Governor Schwarzenegger is aggressively backing the passage of a bill , currently under debate in the state legislature , which would radically transform the educational system in California .
The proposed measures under discussion include the introduction of a merit - pay system , abolishing the cap on the number of charter schools introduced in the state every year , and a mandate that would force school districts to shut down the worst - performing schools or hand them over to private operators .
Also being considered is a requirement that school districts evaluate teachers based on students ’ test performance , and the monitoring of student performance year after year , along a “ value - added ” model , to check to see if teachers were extracting the necessary “ improvement . ”
If passed , the proposed measures would bring the state in line with , and even go beyond , the right - wing “ Race to the Top ” educational standards set by the Obama administration , which is an expansion of the No Child Left Behind policy of the Bush presidency .
In order for the state to receive federal funds to prop up its school system , it must meet these standards .
California would then become eligible to compete with other states for Obama ’s paltry educational stimulus funds , which would allocate a mere $ 4.3 billion in education monies to all states combined .
This sum equals approximately half of the $ 8.1 billion that California alone cut from education in the current fiscal year .
Secretary of Education Arne Duncan voiced his approval of Governor Schwarzenegger ’s attack on teachers and public education , calling his right - wing proposals “ courageous . ”
In an interview with the Los Angeles Times Duncan said , “ This is a very significant step that absolutely has national implications . ”
He added , “ The eyes of the country are going to be on California . ”
The federal money being used to entice cash - starved schools to implement the “ Race to the Top ” measures is nothing short of blackmail .
The Obama administration , along with Schwarzenegger , are utilizing the state budget crisis in California to effect a fundamental restructuring of the educational system that will transform public education into a cash cow for private educational companies , decimate salaries and job protections for teachers , and create a multi-tiered public school system that caters to the better off sections of society .
Juan Ramirez
A WSWS reporting team spoke with teachers who attended the board meeting at LAUSD headquarters .
Elementary school teacher Juan Ramírez commented on the board ’s motion : “ The agreement for charters takes away the consensus of the community .
I see the board members as puppets for the mayor .
[ Mayor Villaraigosa ] has a majority on the board and can do whatever he wants .
If this passes , the richest can go to the best schools , just like they get the best health care . ”
Ingrid Villeda
Ingrid Villeda , a fifth grade teacher at Stanford Avenue Elementary , spoke to the WSWS about the impact of this year ’s budget cuts on her school : “ We lost three teachers , and more teachers are liable to lose their jobs .
I do n’t believe private schools are the answer .
We know that they leave kids out , so what does that do to our working parents ? ”
Floyd Worsham , a retired math / science teacher at the middle school level , said , “ Many people have the idea that charter schools are the panacea of education , in other words , that they are the answer to the problems in education .
They are not .
Floyd Worsham
“ My feeling is that educators have been hamstrung and not been allowed to do what they need to do .
They have been instructed to follow the guidelines whether they work or not .
It ’s a ‘ just do it because I said you should do it ’ mentality .
As a result , teachers are being blamed for the entire mess when they do n’t actually have control over the whole thing .
“ Charter schools do n’t address the needs of all the children , like children who have special needs , such as those with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder .
Sometimes the charter schools keep them enrolled just long enough so they can get the ADA [ Average Daily ] money and then send them back to a regular school . ”
Elsa Estrada
Elsa Estrada , a secretary at Nightingale Middle School , said , “ Parents are not seeing the whole picture with charter schools .
They get promised that their children are going to get a wonderful education , but from what I ’ve seen this year , many parents who have been taking their children out of Nightingale to charter schools eventually bring them back because they are not happy with the education they are receiving .
Parents have been told that charter schools would help their children in need of special education or even English as a second language , but these courses are geared mostly to gifted students . ”
When asked about the Democratic Party ’s participation in the general attack on education , Ms. Estrada stated , “ What we need is a third party that will fight for working people ’s rights . ”
Todaiji , a temple complex in the city of Nara in Nara Prefecture Japan , a United Nations World Heritage Site , it was built in the year 743 .
At that time Buddhism was at its height , and served as a state religion .
The best - known relic at Todaiji Temple is its Daibutsu , a colossal statue that , with 15 meters ( 49 feet ) in height , is the world ’s largest gilded bronze Buddha .
The world ’s largest gilded bronze Buddha is housed in an all - wood building , the Daibutsu - den , 48 meters ( 157 feet ) in height , the largest wooden building in the world .
Within the precincts of the temple , aligned along one - kilometer north - south and east - west axes centered on the Daibutsu - den , are an array of other buildings , including halls and storehouses , seven of which are National Treasures .
By virtue of being one of the major historical temples in Japan , Todaiji Temple also possesses many valuable cultural artifacts .
More than 20 of these Buddhist statues and other works of art are National Treasures .
The repository for them , Shosoin , lives up its name of the Treasure House of the World .
GPS Position : 34.686634 , 135.839875
This is the story of Beer Robot , an ugly old fridge that grew into a super geeky kegerator .
It started out innocently enough .
After work one day at the local brewpub , three Wired.com staffers had a revelation : “ What our office really needs is a kegerator ! ”
KEGERATORAMA : More From Wired.com
Ready - Made Kegerators Cure What ’s Ale-ing You Extreme , Custom and Pimped - Out Kegerators How to Make a Kegerator
We did n’t know this passing idea , the kind you often have after several beers but never follow up on ( “ Dude , we should totally road trip to Jazzfest this year ! ” ) , would culminate in a keg party at that same brewpub to celebrate the public debut of Beer Robot .
But at the next editor ’s meeting , we suggested converting a fridge into a kegerator for our How - To Wiki .
Who ’s going to say no to that ?
Nobody in that meeting anyway .
Soon we had dreamed up a super geeky , tricked - out kegerator that would have all sorts of functions involving everything from a Twitter stream to a Wii .
With a budget of $ 200 , we quickly determined that the fridge would have to be free , because the cheapest conversion kit we could find was $ 192 , on sale .
Fortunately , there is a lot of free stuff on Craigslist , where we found a fridge that was just right : a homely , but working , almond - colored fridge that had been left on the sidewalk in Alameda to make way for a newer model .
It turns out converting a fridge to a kegerator is pretty easy .
You only need a conversion kit and a few tools , and there ’s really only one step you can mess up , which we discovered by messing it up .
We were only on step five of 32 steps when we drilled a hole that was too big .
But we managed to recover using only our wits and a broom handle .
A keg of Sierra Nevada Pale
Ale materialized and … success !
The beer was cold , and it flowed .
Perfect pints , with lovely head , at the ready .
Mmmm … beer .
On to the pimping .
With our budget wiped out , we turned to our readers and Twitter followers for help pimping our kegerator .
We received tons of good ideas , a few volunteers and even some free stuff ( some are included at the end of the story ) .
Our readers had similar geeky , gadgety ideas involving wheels and lights and twittering how much beer is left .
Professional motorcycle airbrush artist Robb Ortel of Orange County Choppers even offered to “ pimp that bad boy with some cool paint , ” but unfortunately we could n’t send Beer Robot to him in New York because , well , there was already beer flowing .
Fortunately we also received an awesome offer from Jeff Stallings of Print NW to make and send us a custom vinyl wrap for Beer Robot with whatever design we could dream up .
We decided to stick with the gadget theme .
After all , a kegerator is really just a big , awesome gadget that serves cold beer .
We are lucky at Wired.com to have a talented designer on staff , Dennis Crothers , who is apparently easily duped into doing a load of extra work .
He patiently turned our many ideas , good and bad , into beautifully designed parodies of an iPhone , Sony PSP and Flip Mino , and never once cursed us ( to our faces ) when we changed our mind about what the apps should be or the Space Invaders score .
The end result turned out better than we ever imagined .
The front , iPhone - like face of Beer Robot displays 13 “ apps ” including Top 10 List Generator ( useful for coming up with story ideas ) , Frosty Mugs , The Tap Store , / root beer ( for the tap ) and just above that , iFoam .
The Flip side has a HAL 9000 eye where the lens should be , and almost every number we used on all three sides has some sort of geeky significance .
Somewhere along the line , the kegerator project grew to include testing two commercial kegerators .
With so many hungry taps to feed , we began looking for help from some of our favorite local brewers .
The folks at 21st Amendment , just a block away from the Wired office , loved our idea .
Rather than just filling a kegerator for us , they threw a debut party for Beer Robot at the pub .
This involved wheeling Beer Robot across streets , through a park and up the stairs to the mezzanine level of the pub as seen in the video below .
Not surprisingly , San Franciscans barely blinked at the sight of a giant iPhone kegerator parading down the sidewalk .
Wired staff , family , friends and Twitter followers of Beer Robot ( which has been tweeting since before it could even serve beer ) and Wired gathered to admire the kegerator and enjoy several kegs of 21st Amendment ’s Brew Free or Die IPA .
In a contest to identify the significance of the numbers on Beer Robot , only one person got them all .
Perihan Cumali , who learned of the party by following @beerrobot , took first prize ( which was this paragraph right here ) by being the only one to know that 37 is the UHF frequency reserved for radioastronomy .
“ I had a vague recollection about 37 , ” Cumali said .
“ I did reinforce my cloudy knowledge with my iPhone .
But I did take astronomy at RPI ! ”
WHAT ’S ON TAP ?
What ’s a kegerator without beer ?
We tested several kegs provided by local breweries .
Brew Free ! or Die IPA from 21st Amendment Brewery is a pretty typical California - style IPA .
A deep , golden brown beer , it has a nice hoppy kick to it without going over the top or veering into more fruity and floral territory .
A strong malty undertone balances this beer out nicely , distracts you from its 7.2 percent alcohol content , and can lure people who normally shy away from hops without scaring off serious IPA fans .
Brother Thelonius from North Coast Brewing Company is a serious beer without all the hoppy pretensions .
Though it ’s Belgian - style — high in alcohol ( 9.5 % ) , expensive , and kinda sweet — it packs a bit of the beefiness of a porter into its front - end taste .
There ’s even a hint of coffee in the aftertaste .
All in , Brother T plays a brilliant variation on the classic Belgian head , and every note that might seem stray at first , ends up hitting just the right spot .
White Lightning American
Wheat from Speakeasy Ales and Lagers is a crisp , blonde filtered wheat beer that beckons on a hot day .
It looks and feels cleaner than the more prevalent unfiltered Hefeweizen style beers , and is also a little less sweet .
Smooth and refreshing up front with a nice wheaty aroma , it follows with a pleasantly bitter , hoppy bite .
This 5.2 percent alcohol brew goes down easy .
Maybe too easy !
For the tap - to - tap kegerator competition between Beer Robot and the commercial kegerators , North Coast Brewing Company in Fort Bragg , California provided a keg of Brother Thelonius and Speakeasy of San Francisco provided a keg of White Lightning American Wheat .
We rounded out the trio with a keg of Deschutes Brewery ’s Mirror Pond Pale Ale from Oregon .
We wanted to see how our $ 200 conversion stood up to the budget Edgestar KC2000 ( $ 425 ) and the fancier Sanyo BC - 1206 ( $ 650 ) kegerators .
The commercial kegerators put up a good fight and performed well , but according to all who attended the competition , Beer Robot was the clear winner .
Though we are clearly biased .
We love Beer Robot .
A lot .
The geekifying of our fridge is an ongoing project .
One of Beer Robot ’s fans , bioengineer Bryan Hermannsson installed a flowmeter that will keep track of how much beer has been poured , and has a digital readout of how many pints are left .
As I write this , Hermannsson and genomicist Tim Reddy are working on hooking this device up to the internet and writing a program to convert the information into tweets .
“ Programming has never been more fun , ” Reddy said .
“ Trying to maintain the optimal level of sobriety was a real challenge .
I think we went past it a couple times . ”
A web cam will soon be installed , pointing at the tap of course — we do n’t want to discourage people from visiting Beer Robot .
And we hope to get more ideas from our readers for other upgrades .
Keep ’em coming !
Beer Robot is a work in progress , but already it has exceeded even our wildest drunken expectations .
And to think , just two short months ago , our glorious kegerator was just a sad , lonely , almond - colored refrigerator abandoned on the side of the road .
Photos : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
See Also :
Selected Reader Suggestions for Beer Robot :
Perhaps a Roomba robot kit that will automatically dock at the fridge , be filled with the tap and then be able to be remote controlled back to the beer drinker ?
— Adrian Walleigh
I think the front of beer robot should look like Han Solo frozen in carbonite .
Now that ’s cold !
— Adam Price
( We did consider this idea , but found that the tap would have a rather unfortunate location in Han Solo ’s crotch . )
Put an RFID activated nozzle that only allows WIRED authorized mugs with RFID embedded chips to get beer , and then measures the amount dispensed , so it knows when it is time to send out a re-order notice to your local beer distributor .
It could also send out Tweets when it is getting dangerously low on suds .
— John Azevedo .
Now , this may not sound very Canadian style , but it ’s how everybody would have a Kegerator up north .
First we need some sort of weight system to determine when the Keg is near empty .
This would submit a signal to Twitter posting a Tweet that we need more beer .
But this weight system gets better .
When a new keg is placed , the weight system will be aware of this and initiate what is called the “ Party Mode . ”
First a tweet is posted again to update everyone on a potential crisis averted with the replacement of the keg .
Then , with the use of Bing travel , a 747 is chartered from Moscow , Russia to San Francisco full of Russian Strippers .
Then a private jet is chartered to Toronto so that I ( The genius behind this entire plan ) can be picked up and brought to the party .
And no recession will ever put a stop to our party , as the Bing Account will be linked to the White House ’s Visa Card as It has proved time and time again , able to bail out anybody in their time of need .
I expect my Jet on the tarmac by June 31st . — Jon Bianchi .
The following people contributed to this project : Jon Snyder — originator , namer , photographer .
Betsy Mason — originator , coordinator , laborer .
Dennis Crothers — designer , watchdog , wrapper .
Dylan Tweney — geekifier , utility player .
Danny Dumas — geekifier , rim shooter .
David Kravets — originator , partaker .
Evan Hansen — decider , protector , supplier .
Chris Becker — converter , handyman .
Fernando Cardoso — videographer , partaker .
Michael Lennon — videographer , choreographer .
Brian Chen — partaker , stalker .
Stephan Leckart — partaker , loiterer .
Alexis Madrigal — keg lifter , beer getter , partaker .
James Temple — loader .
Jim Merithew — unloader .
Terrence Russell — partaker , backstop .
Chuck Squatriglia — cheerleader , supporter .
Michael Calore — consultant .
Hadley Leggett — cheerleader .
Shaun O’Sullivan — beer supplier , sponsor .
Rob Strasser — event planner .
Bryan Hermannsson — geekifier , partaker .
Tim Reddy — programmer , partaker .
Jeff Stallings — wrapper , sponsor .
Follow us on Twitter @betsymason , @beerrobot and @gadgetlab .
Finding the way through the semantic Web with HBase
Use HBase and Bigtable to create and mine a semantic Web
From the developerWorks archives
Gabriel Mateescu
|
The Hadoop Database ( HBase ) is well suited for creating a semantic Web and for extracting existing or computed knowledge .
Learn how to represent RDF / XML assertions in an HBase database for scientific articles , and discover how HBase and Bigtable are promoting a new approach to storing and processing data .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
Some PDF templates are in vector form and only need to be separated and saved as SVG files , though some PDF files have line segments rather than closed shapes and will need editing before they can be cut .
The template I am going to use is available here .
Open Inkscape and from the menu , select File / Import Find the file and select “ Open ” The PDF Import Settings dialog box appears .
If there are multiple pages , enter the page number to import in the “ Select page ” box .
Click OK .
Select the selection tool ( Arrow at the top of the toolbar on the left ) .
Hold the Control key and click on the object that you want to cut .
You can select more than one object by holding the shift and control keys and selecting each object .
Copy the object ( Control C ) Paste ( Control V ) the object either onto the same layer or a new layer .
See here for more on working with layers in Inkscape .
You can also use “ Group ” to create layers in SCAL2 .
See here for more on using Group to create SCAL2 layers .
Do this with each object from the template that you want to cut .
Either delete the original PDF template or hide the layer that it is on .
Save the file as SVG .
Share this : Pinterest
Email
Twitter
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
An artist 's impression of a transiting exoplanet : Credit NASA / Hubble
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The ' most unlikely ' discovery of a new planet which could spiral into its star within the next 500,000 years , has been made by Scottish astronomers .
The find , by an international team including the University of St Andrews , is so bizarre that odds on catching it at this late stage in its life were 1000 - 1 .
The ' huge new planet ' , found orbiting a star 1000 light years away , was discovered by the UK's WASP project , of which St Andrews is a founding member .
Newly - christened WASP - 18 b , the planet is so massive and so close to its host star that it is almost certain to spiral inwards to its destruction during the lifetime of the star .
Researchers from St Andrews are currently calculating the rate at which tidal interactions between star and planet will eventually cause the planet 's orbit to decay completely .
St Andrews ' physicist , Professor Andrew Collier Cameron said , " This is another bizarre WASP planet discovery .
The situation is analogous to the way tidal friction is gradually causing the earth 's spin to slow down , and the Moon to spiral away from the earth .
" In this case , however , the spin of the star is slower than the orbit of the planet - so the star should be spinning up , and the planet spiralling in . "
WASP - 18b is ten times the mass of Jupiter and orbits its star in less than one Earth - day .
The new planet belongs to a now - common class of extrasolar planets known as ' hot Jupiters ' - massive planets thought to have formed far from their host stars that migrated inwards over time .
The discovery , led by Keele University 's Coel Hellier , suggests that WASP - 18 's parent star is about a billion years old - making the likelihood of observing WASP - 18 b about one in a thousand .
If the planet 's remaining life is as short as predicted , its orbital decay should be measurable within a decade .
Professor Cameron continued , " We do n't yet know how long the planet will survive , because we do n't understand fully how tides operate on the Sun and other stars .
It could be half a million years , or half a billion .
But if it 's spiralling in quickly , we should be able to see measurable changes in the orbit within ten years . "
Provided by University of St Andrews
Explore further Planet hunters announce three new finds
May 3 , 1969 ( Nashville ) : Take a Message to Mary Blue Moon Folsom Prison Blues Ring of Fire Personnel : Charlie McCoy ( bass )
Pete Drake ( pedal steel guitar )
Fred Carter Jr. ( guitar )
Robert S. Wilson ( piano )
Norman Blake ( guitar )
Doug Kershaw ( fiddle )
Kenneth Buttrey ( drums )
Charlie E. Daniels ( guitar )
March 3 , 1970 ( New York ) : Pretty Saro Little Sadie Dock Of The Bay Went To See The Gypsy In Search Of Little Sadie Belle Isle Universal Soldier Copper Kettle When A Fellow 's Out Of A Job These Hands It Hurts Me Too The Boxer Spanish Is The Loving Tongue Woogie Boogie Personnel : Al Kooper ( organ or piano )
David Bromberg ( guitar )
Emanuel Green ( violin )
March 4 , 1970 ( New York ) : Went To See The Gypsy Thirsty Boots Tattle O - Day Railroad Bill House Carpenter This Evening So Soon Days Of ' 49 Annie 's Going To Sing Her Song Early Morning Rain Wigwam Time Passes Slowly Personnel : Al Kooper ( guitar and keyboards )
David Bromberg ( guitar )
Emanuel Green ( violin )
Alvin Rogers ( drums )
Stu Woods ( bass )
March 5 , 1970 ( New York ) : Alberta Alberta # 2 Little Moses Alberta # 1 Come A Little Bit Closer Come All You Fair And Tender Ladies My Previous Life Gotta Travel On Went To See The Gypsy Time Passes Slowly Come A Little Bit Closer All The Tired Horses Personnel : Al Kooper ( guitar and keyboards )
Emanuel Green ( violin )
Alvin Rogers ( drums )
Stu Woods ( bass )
David Bromberg ( guitar )
Hilda Harris .
Albertine Robinson , and Maeretha Stewart ( vocals )
After the basic tracks were recorded in New York City , the tapes were flown to Nashville , Tennessee for overdubbing .
These sessions took place from March 11 , 1970 through April 3 , 1970 .
Personnel : Charlie McCoy ( bass )
Kenneth Buttrey ( drums )
Bob L. Moore ( bass )
Fred Carter Jr. ( electric guitar )
Charles E. Daniels ( guitar )
Bubba Fowler ( guitar )
Karl T. Himmel ( sax , clarinet .
trombone )
Ron Cornelius ( guitar )
Bill Walker ( leader & arranger )
Rex Peer ( trombone )
William Pursell ( piano )
Gene Mullins ( baritone horn )
Dennis A. Good ( trombone )
Frank C. Smith ( trombone )
Martha McCrory ( cello )
Byron T. Bach ( cello )
Gary van Osdale ( viola )
Lillian V. Hunt ( violin )
Sheldon Kurland ( violin )
Martin Katahn ( violin )
Marvin D. Chantry ( violin )
Brenton B. Banks ( violin )
George Binkley ( violin )
Solie I. Fott ( violin , viola )
Barry McDonald ( violin )
Carol Montgomery ( vocals )
Dolores Edgin ( vocals )
June Page ( vocals )
The Story Behind the Album One of the oddest chapters in Dylan 's career was the recording and release of the legendary album Self Portrait , released in 1970 to almost uniformly negative reviews .
Many critics and fans thought they were on the receiving end of a massive joke , or if not a joke then a seriously deteriorated Dylan who had finally lost all touch with reality .
Or perhaps Dylan was just out of ideas ?
The lead track from the album certainly seemed to indicate that with its repeated chorus " all the tired horses in the sun , how am I supposed to get any riding done ? " , which sounded a little like " how am I supposed to get any writing done " !
Various reasons for the seemingly poor quality of the album were given , including the idea that all the songs were scraps left over from Nashville Skyline and New Morning sessions ( the latter album would be released after Self Portrait , but many of the songs on that album featured the same musicians on many of the Self Portrait songs , so the sound would fit ) .
Since so many of the songs on the double album were apparently filler ( four songs from the Isle of Wight festival , different versions of some songs on the same album , lifeless jams , etc. ) , the skimpy artistic nature of the album was clearly highlighted .
And the title of this mess was Self Portrait !
This was supposed to define Bob Dylan ?
With its cubist self portrait on the cover ( the original cover was reported in Rolling Stone at the time to be a picture of Bob standing in the window of an abandoned tenement building - wonder whatever happened to that picture ? ) , and with the straight faced comical pictures of Dylan hanging around a barnyard with chickens , the visual impact of the album was jarring .
To hear the sound inside was even more jarring .
What follows is a sort of insider 's look into the making of this album .
Rather than taking quotes from reviews , I chose to use actual quotes from people involved in the making of the album , or those close enough to Dylan to know what may have been going on in his mind during this strange period .
From Bob Dylan : An Intimate Biography by Anthony Scaduto , 1971
At the same time , Dylan had just completed another album .
The reports coming out of Columbia were too incredible : Dylan had put together an album tentatively called Blue Moon , filled with his interpretations of other artists ' works , songs by Rodgers and Hart , Paul Simon , Gordon Lightfoot , and a large number of the old traditional country and folk things he had been doing back in Minnesota .
Bob had cut a couple of dozen songs in New York and had to discard many of them because they simply did n't turn out well at all .
He then went to Nashville for some help from the country boys , but things were only slightly better down there .
When the album was finally released in June , 1970 , the most insane rumors seemed to be true : Bob Dylan had put out a product , a two - record set mysteriously called Self Portrait , filled mostly with the works of others and some examples of Americana , produced in a style that appeared to be almost Mantovani music , dreary enough to pipe into elevators or corset shoppes .
You laughed when you first heard it - Bob Dylan trying to turn his nasal twang into a bass baritone , in the style of Johnny Cash .
It seemed to be a huge joke .
Bob Dylan as commercial popular songwriter and singer , a one - man Simon and Garfunkel .
Or , perhaps , the Dylan Brothers - his version of Simon 's The Boxer , Dylan dubbing harmony with Dylan , sounded so lame at first hearing that it had to be a parody of Simon , except that Dylan was spending a lot of time with Simon in New York and out on Fire Island , and parody does n't make sense .
...
Dylan is somewhat defensive about the Stone interview , while sounding absolutely certain about the worth of Self Portrait : " It 's a great album , " he said to me .
" There 's a lot of damn good music there .
People just did n't listen at first . " notes :
The quote from Dylan indicates that he was surprised at the negative response and felt at the time that the album was a genuine worthy effort .
The Rolling Stone review is worth seeking out .
It features a round table discussion between several prominent Rolling Stone critics and pretty much trashes the album without mercy . [ JH ] From No Direction Home : The Life and Music of Bob Dylan by Robert Shelton , 1986 I told Dylan that Self Portrait confused me .
Why had he recorded " Blue Moon " ?
He would n't be drawn out , although obviously he had been stung by the criticism .
" It was an expression , " he said .
He indicated that if the album had come from Presley or The Everly Brothers , who veered toward the middle of the road , it would n't have shocked so many .
notes : Again , an indication that Dylan was serious about the nature of the album and was disappointed at the criticism . [ JH ] Roger McGuinn interview with Ed Ward in Rolling Stone , 1970 EW : Does the latest Dylan puzzle you any ?
RM : Not at all .
I understand it thoroughly .
EW : Really ?
RM :
Well , I 'm more on the inside of it than most people because we were supposed to work with Dylan at the time .
I got a call from Clive Davis , president of Columbia , saying , " How would you like to work with Dylan ? " and we 'd previously discussed doing albums with other Columbia artists and so I said , " Sure thing , let 's get together .
Just tell me when and where . "
So I called Dylan and he was n't there , but he returned the call and said , " Did Clive Davis call you about doing an album ? " and I said , " Yeah , but I do n't know what we 'd do .
Do you have any ideas ? " and he said , " No , I have n't thought about it myself .
Maybe if you come in with some of the old stuff and I do too that 'll be all right . "
I think he meant some of his old stuff , so it would be all his publishing .
So I said , " Well , the only thing we could do is go into the studio and see what happens , right ? "
And I asked him if he had any material to spare and he said no , that he was kind of hard up , that he had n't been writing as much as he used to and I mentioned that we all get fat and lazy and he laughed .
And we wound up the conversation by saying that we'd be in touch with each other , nothing definite .
So we got to New York and did a couple of gigs - Felt Forum and Queens College - and that took care of the weekend .
By Monday we were still in town , but waiting for some kind of word .
Finally the guys took a 12:00 plane back to the Coast .
And at 1:00 I got a call from Billie Wallington , a friend of mine at Columbia , and she said that the session was in Studio B at 2:30 .
Well , I explained to her what the situation was , and she called Dylan and he was pissed off that we did n't have the courtesy to sit around and wait for his phone call .
Well , the crux of it all was that Clive was supposed to come down to the show the night before but he did n't show up , and we could have settled it all right there .
The other thing was a political thing with Bob Johnston .
We 'd fired him as our producer , right , and Bob Johnston , as producer , is responsible for notifying the musicians of the time of the session within 12 hours .
It 's a union regulation .
He knew where we were , but he did n't call us and Clive did n't call us .
Like I say , it was political .
What I think it would have amounted to is that we would have been backup musicians for Dylan , like the Band , on a couple of cuts on his new album , which he never mentioned to us .
He said it could be a separate album , the Byrds and Dylan , and I asked him what kind of billing we'd get on it and he said well , he did n't know , but Clive assured me that we'd be getting at least 33 percent billing on it .
I would have liked to have done it , if it had worked out at all .
In view of the circumstances , I 'm just as glad that we did n't get on ... this... particular...album ... that came out , because it was poorly prepared , that 's my opinion .
He came into the studio prepared to use a lot of outtakes from Nashville Skyline and a lot of the Isle of Wight stuff , which is just a remote , just a live recording rather than anything musically good .
The New York stuff , " Wigwam " and a lot of those , are pretty good .
So I understand the album thoroughly .
I understand why there are repeats to fill time because he did n't have enough new material to do it , why he used a lot of old folksongs that everybody 's known for 10 or 12 years .
EW : Why is he claiming he wrote them ?
RM :
He 's probably taking publishing on them as re-arrangements of public domain material .
It 's a standard trick .
I 've done it myself .
But I usually make a few changes .
" Old Blue . "
That 's one .
notes :
The above is an insight into why the album may have turned out as poorly as it did .
If the original concept had been to have Dylan record some traditionals with the Byrds , it would have been truly great , but because of confusion and misdirection it never happened , and Dylan was forced to rely on outtakes from Nashville Skyline instead , the first indication that this is indeed what he may have been planning in the early stages .
The mystery for me is how he could have ever thought this would result in a decent album . [ JH ] Bob Dylan interview with Kurt Loder in Rolling Stone , June 1984 Self Portrait in 1970 .
What 's the story behind that album ?
KL :
It always seemed to me that you where sort of infallible in your career up untilin 1970 .
What 's the story behind that album ?
BD : At the time , I was in Woodstock , and I was getting a great degree of notoriety for doing nothing .
Then I had that motorcycle accident , which put me outta commission .
Then , when I woke up and caught my senses , I realized that I was workin ' for all these leeches .
And I did n't wanna do that .
Plus , I had a family , and I just wanted to see my kids .
I 'd also seen that I was representing all these things that I did n't know anything about .
Like I was supposed to be on acid .
It was all storm - the - embassy kind of stuff - Abbie Hoffman in the streets - and they sorta figured me as the kingpin of all that .
I said , " Wait a minute , I 'm just a musician .
So my songs are about this and that .
So what ? "
But people need a leader .
People need a leader more than a leader needs people , really .
I mean , anybody can step up and be a leader , if he 's got the people there that want one .
I did n't want that , though .
But then came the big news about Woodstock , about musicians goin ' up there , and it was like a wave of insanity breakin ' loose around the house day and night .
You 'd come in the house and find people there , people comin ' through the woods , at all hours of the day and night , knockin ' on your door .
It was really dark and depressing .
And there was no way to respond to all this , you know ?
It was as if they were suckin ' your very blood out .
I said , " Now wait , these people can't be my fans .
They just can't be . "
And they kept comin ' .
We had to get out of there .
This was just about the time of that Woodstock festival , which was the sum total of all this bullshit .
And it seemed to have something to do with me , this Woodstock Nation , and everything it represented .
So we could n't breathe .
I could n't get any space for myself and my family , and there was no help , nowhere .
I got very resentful about the whole thing , and we got outta there .
We moved to New York .
Lookin ' back , it really was a stupid thing to do .
But there was a house available on MacDougal Street , and I always remembered that as a nice place .
So I just bought this house , sight unseen .
But it was n't the same when we got back .
The Woodstock Nation had overtaken MacDougal Street also .
There 'd be crowds outside my house .
And I said , " Well , fuck it .
I wish these people would just forget about me .
I wanna do something they can't possibly like , they can't relate to .
They 'll see it , and they 'll listen , and they 'll say , " Well , let 's get on to the next person .
He ai n't sayin ' it no more .
He ai n't given ' us what we want " , you know ?
They 'll go on to somebody else .
But the whole idea backfired .
Because the album went out there , and the people said , " This ai n't what we want , " and they got more resentful .
And then I did this portrait for the cover .
I mean , there was no title for that album .
I knew somebody who had some paints and a square canvas , and I did the cover up in about five minutes .
And I said , " Well , I 'm gonna call this album Self Portrait . "
KL : Which was duly interpreted by the press as :
This is what he is ...
BD : Yeah , exactly .
And to me it was a joke .
KL : But why did you make it a double - album joke ?
BD : Well , it would n't have held up as a single album - then it really would 've been bad , you know .
I mean , if you 're gonna put a lot of crap on it , you might as well load it up !
notes :
By 1985 Dylan was in a revisionist mode and confessed something that I had long suspected anyway : that the album was a deliberate joke .
Perhaps at the time he did n't really want to believe it , but by this time Dylan was no longer interested in defending the album on its own merits and was ready to admit that he put it out to test the limits of his fans ' credulity . [ JH ]
From Record Collector magazine , September 1992 - " In the Studio : Al Kooper on Dylan " Self Portrait in 1970 ?
RC : How did that [ Blonde on Blonde sessions ] compare with the sessions for the next album you worked on with Bob , in 1970 ?
AK : I do n't know what he was looking for on Self Portrait .
We 'd just go in and do ' cover ' songs , all day long .
RC : Was n't it obvious to everyone that the stuff you were cutting was n't up to scratch ?
AK : By this time we were really good friends , so his charisma had worn off for me .
He was just this guy , you know , not some superhuman .
But the other people on the session were really excited just to be there , and so everyone approached it with the enthusiasm they would have done if it was a new Dylan song they were doing .
notes :
So , according to Kooper they were recording the cover songs all along and nothing here to indicate that there was any actual original material being worked on , which is contrary to what Dylan will say later on .
More on this later . [ JH ] From Record Collector magazine , September 1992 - " In the Studio : Charlie McCoy on Dylan " Self Portrait .
Do you have any idea what he was trying to create out of that strange mixture of covers and new songs ?
RC : The last album you did with Dylan was .
Do you have any idea what he was trying to create out of that strange mixture of covers and new songs ?
CM :
In my estimation , Bob had already decided by that point that he was n't going to work with Bob Johnston any more - for what reason , I do n't know .
Bob Johnston brought us a tape full of demos that Dylan had done - just guitar or piano and vocals - and on a lot of the songs , Kenny Buttrey and I simply overdubbed drums and bass .
Dylan did do a couple of sessions here for that album , but he was n't here for the whole thing , by any means .
I 'm not sure , actually , that Self Portrait was a ' mutual agreement` project .
Either Dylan told Bob to just go ahead and finish it up , by taking those demos and patching them up ; or else maybe Bob Johnston still had to come up with some more tracks to complete his production contract with Dylan , and he just did them off his own bat .
We never knew what the deal was .
notes : Hmmm .
The mystery deepens here .
McCoy claims that they were really just overdubbing acoustic demos that Bob delivered and that he was rarely in the studio for much of the album .
This makes great sense to me , because an awful lot of the album sounds like it may have been done in this way .
Possibly the sessions that Kooper attended were different and Bob really played in the studio with the rest of the musicians , but I can see where songs like " It Hurts Me Too " , " Alberta " , and others may have been demos with later overdubs . [ JH ] From Rolling Stone , November 26 1970 - " The Man Who Did Self Portrait " ( David Bromberg article ) Self Portrait album I was sitting right across from Dylan and I played whatever came to mind and there was hardly any discussion .
On the new one [ New Morning ] there were more musicians in the studio - Dylan had the songs pretty well worked out beforehand .
What they did was sit me in a corner where I had dobro , mandolin , mandocello , electric guitar , acoustic guitar and nylon string guitar .
Usually I did rather than the solo things on Self Portrait was a lot less obvious things .
Most tunes were first takes , sometimes second , because Dylan likes a spontaneous sound .
Maybe the best thing I did on the album was not to play too much . "
" On thealbum I was sitting right across from Dylan and I played whatever came to mind and there was hardly any discussion .
On the new one [ ] there were more musicians in the studio - Dylan had the songs pretty well worked out beforehand .
What they did was sit me in a corner where I had dobro , mandolin , mandocello , electric guitar , acoustic guitar and nylon string guitar .
Usually I did rather than the solo things onwas a lot less obvious things .
Most tunes were first takes , sometimes second , because Dylan likes a spontaneous sound .
Maybe the best thing I did on the album was not to play too much . "
[ Bromberg describes meeting Dylan and making vague plans to record together ] " ... I did n't hear from him for about a month and then he called me up about two o'clock one afternoon and asked me what I was doing .
He said he was going to test out these studios and would I like to come along , and I said sure .
It turned out we had to be in the studio in half an hour and that was the beginning of the sessions for Self Portrait . "
Bromberg remembers the sessions as " stream of consciousness things " - one song after another for hours , and he was sick with a high fever .
He would work all day , go home , fall asleep and wake up in time to go back to the studio .
" I did n't remember anything we 'd done until after the album came out .
It was really a challenge , for instance , working on Little Sadie .
You can tell if you listen to it that he 's improvising almost everything he does and even he does n't know what he 's going to do next .
All I can say about him is he 's a good man , I get good vibrations from him , I like to play with him .
That he's a genius , I do n't question for a minute . " notes : Bromberg 's statement that Dylan was testing out studios would indicate that he was less interested in putting down great music and more interested in finding a good sounding studio in which to record his next album .
Maybe Dylan did n't consider Self Portrait to be anything more than a warm - up for his next " real " album ?
The description of Dylan improvising throughout the sessions certainly rings true when you listen to the album .
From Biograph notes , 1985 Self Portrait , Dylan explained recently , " was a bunch of tracks that we 'd done all the time I 'd gone to Nashville .
We did that stuff to get a ( studio ) sound .
To open up we'd do two or three songs , just to get things right and then we'd go on and do what we were going to do .
And then there was a lot of other stuff that was just on the shelf .
But I was being bootlegged at the time and a lot of stuff that was worse was appearing on bootleg records .
So I just figured I 'd put all this stuff together and put it out , my own bootleg record , so to speak .
You know , if it actually had been a bootleg record , people probably would have sneaked around to buy it and played it for each other secretly .
Also , I was n't going to be anybody 's puppet and I figured this record would put an end to that ... I was just so fed up with all that who people thought I was nonsense . " notes : Now Dylan was revising the story once again .
He now claims that the tracks were warmups for the real material they were going to do .
As Paul Williams asks in Performing Artist : the Early Years , where is this material ?
Is there a whole bunch of unknown recordings laying around that no one knows about ?
It 's doubtful for several reasons .
First of all , if this material exists why has n't it been talked about by the musicians involved in the sessions ?
Second , Dylan 's typical " good stuff " from the time was pretty mediocre , so I would n't hold out much hope for anything better than what we hear on Nashville Skyline or New Morning .
But this leads me to what I 've suspected all along : that Self Portrait was a collection of warmups recorded during sessions for both of those albums .
The statements by Kooper and McCoy would seem to contradict this , though . [ JH ]
So , there you have some of the background surrounding Dylan 's strangest album .
If anyone has any more quotes by people involved with the sessions , or any other material that may shed light on what went on during the recording of this unique album , please drop me a line !
UPDATE : With the release of Another Self Portrait ( volume 10 of the Bootleg Series ) , this seems like a good time to re-evaluate this period .
One thing Another Self Portrait shows is that there was always the potential for Dylan to make a great album , but he either chose not to or was thwarted by circumstances beyond his control .
Looking at the session details at the beginning of this article , it seems clear that the material that eventually wound up on Self Portrait spanned from the tail end of the Nashville Skyline sessions to the very beginning of what would become New Morning .
The fact that songs from both album sessions show up on Another Self Portrait further emphasizes the connection .
Self Portrait , therefore , was a sort of placeholder , and perhaps it was never intended to be a " real " album .
The early sessions in Nashville were really more Nashville Skyline sessions , even though that album had already been completed .
" Living the Blues " , " Take Me As I Am " , " I Forgot More Than You 'll Ever Know " , " Let It Be Me " , " Take a Message To Mary " , and " Blue Moon " were recorded at these sessions .
Those songs , along with the ones that did n't make the final album , would have made an interesting follow - up to Nashville Skyline .
There are bootleg versions of several of these songs without the eventual overdubs , and they sound quite nice .
However , it 's likely that the feeling was that Dylan did n't need another album just like Nashville Skyline , and so Dylan set out on a different path .
He took to New York ( see the comments from David Bromberg above ) and informally recorded some demos of traditional and modern folk songs with minimal accompaniment .
These sessions , with just Bromberg and Al Kooper , in early March , make up the best material on Another Self Portrait and show what the album could have been .
This material is so good that it 's unlikely to me that Dylan intended to do anything other than make a great album along the lines of John Wesley Harding or the unreleased Basement Tapes , but somehow the misguided notion of sending the unfinished demos to Bob Johnston to overdub in Nashville led to one of the most disastrous decisions of his career ( although later Dylan would try to spin this as a deliberate attempt to alienate his fan base ) .
The New York sessions , with the minimal accompaniment supplied , would have made a great single album , but for whatever reason the decision was made to also use the Nashville songs from April and May .
The two sounds did not merge well , in my opinion , and to make matters worse it was also decided to use some of the Isle of Wight live tracks for filler .
At one time the plan was to release Isle of Wight as a live album , but that was nixed when it was decided the quality was n't good enough .
Instead , we get Self Portrait .
Luckily , now we get the entire Isle of Wight concert as a bonus to the 2 - CD Another Self Portrait , so we can hear it in its proper context .
So , to sort this all out , there were three different potential albums here : a set of country standards ; a set of traditional and modern folk standards ; and a live album with The Band .
At the same time , toward the end of the Self Portrait sessions , a new sound was emerging which would become New Morning - probably released much sooner than anticipated due to the anger unleashed at Self Portrait .
I would love to someday hear all of the Nashville and New York sessions without the massive overdubs which ruined this great material .
In Mac OS X 10.5 , you could combine the use of Exposé ’s Application Windows mode and the Command - Tab application switcher by first activating Exposé and then pressing Command - Tab .
When you selected another application and released Command - Tab , that application would come to the foreground in Exposé mode , revealing all its windows .
Alternatively , you could release just the Command key , and cycle through all your applications ( while still in Exposé mode ) by just pressing the Tab key .
While this worked well , it required you to activate Exposé before pressing Command - Tab .
In Snow Leopard , this process has been greatly improved .
While the old method still works as before , you can now activate Exposé ’s Application Windows mode after pressing Command - Tab .
Do n’t try to do this with the Exposé key on your keyboard , though , because that wo n’t work .
Instead , keep the Command key pressed , release Tab , and then press either the Up or Down arrow .
This will switch you into Exposé ’s Application Windows mode for the currently - select application in the Command - Tab app switcher .
At this point , you can release the Command key , too , leaving no keys pressed .
From here , press Tab ( and Shift - Tab ) to cycle forwards and backwards between applications ( while remaining in Exposé ’s Application Windows mode ) .
When you see the window you ’d like to activate , press one of the arrow keys to select it — the selected window will gain a blue outline ( or you can use the mouse / trackpad , of course ) .
To activate the chosen application with the selected window , just press Return to exit Exposé mode , and the selected window will come to the foreground .
Another nifty Exposé trick in 10.6 — and this works both in the above example , and when using Exposé ’s normal Application Windows mode — is the ability to Quick Look a window with Exposé active .
Make sure the window is selected ( shows a blue highlight ) by pressing an arrow key first or hovering over it with your mouse , then press the Space Bar .
The selected window will zoom in , just as with Quick Look in Finder , but you ’ll remain in Exposé mode .
This combined mode can be very useful if you keep tons of windows open , and / or if many of your apps use smaller windows that really are n’t distinguishable in Exposé mode .
( Notice , too , that Exposé now displays the title for every window ; in 10.5 , you only saw titles when you moved your mouse over one of the windows . )
Thanks to Mac OS X Hints readers Benji Coleman - Levy and chumsdock for the observations on the new abilities of Exposé in Snow Leopard .
Comrie , originally drafted by Edmonton in the third round ( 91st overall ) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft , rejoins the Oilers after having played here from 2000 - 2003 .
The 28 - year - old has also played for the Philadelphia Flyers , Phoenix Coyotes , New York Islanders and Ottawa Senators .
Comrie has posted 154 goals and 184 assists for 338 points in 525 games in the NHL .
Last season , Comrie started the year with the Islanders before being dealt to the Senators with Chris Campoli for Dean McAmmond and a 1st round pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft .
Comrie enjoyed one of his finest seasons with the Oilers when he scored a career - high 60 points in 2001 - 02 .
Edmonton
Oilers hockey is presented in part by the Rexall Family of Pharmacies , Molson Canadian , ATB Financial , TELUS and Ford .
Jack La Lanne Interview
( Godfather of Fitness ) He ’s been called “ The Godfather of Fitness ” , “ The Fitness King of America ” , and “ The Guru of The Health And Fitness Industry ” .
Well , no matter what title you refer to Jack La Lanne as , you have to admit he ’s in great shape for a man who ’s 92 years young !!
Jack La Lanne was the first to have athletes working out with weights , the first to have women work out with weights , and the first to have to elderly work out with weights .
He was the first to have a weight loss instant breakfast and meal replacement drink .
He was the first to have a co-ed health club and the first to combine weight training with nutrition .
When he turned 42 , he set a record of 1,033 push - ups in 23 minutes on the “ You Asked For It ” T.V.
Show .
He swam the length of the Golden Gate , underwater , handcuffed , shackled , and towing a 2,000 pound boat , at age 60 .
He was 66 when he towed 10 boats in North Miami , Florida filled with 77 people for over a mile in less than one hour .
At 70 , he towed 70 boats with 70 people from the Queen ’s Way Bridge in The Long Beach Harbor to the Queen Mary , one and a half miles .
He invented exercise equipment and started a gym in 1931 .
In 1936 , he opened the first modern Health Spa in the United States , in Oakland , California .
In 1942 , he won the “ Mr. America ” title along with the “ Best Back ” title .
He started his first T.V. Show in 1951 which lasted 34 years .
“ Anything is possible if you believe ” , Jack La Lanne says .
We believe that Jack La Lanne is onto something here .
Q – Before Jack La Lanne came along , who was telling people to eat right and exercise regularly ?
A – Nobody .
I was the first one ever on television .
I was on for 34 years .
Q – You would agree would n’t you that people were living a long life before all this talk of healthy living came about .
A – No .
It ’s going up every year .
It started going up when they started taking better care of the old people , telling them they should normalize their weight and exercise .
That really adds years to a lifespan right there .
People know , but now you really have to motivate them to get them off their big butts and do something .
Q – You said when you were a kid , your problem was sugar .
A – One hundred per cent .
Q – And when you cut out the white sugar you felt better .
A – My whole life changed in a week .
I had those blinding headaches seven days a week .
I could n’t sleep .
I had an uncontrollable temper .
There ’s nothing , nothing worse .
There are probably more people hooked on sugar then all drugs and alcohol put together .
You talk to millions of people ----- these kids , my God , it ’s the cakes , the pics , the candy , the ice - cream , the soda pop and all the baking goods .
Sugar , sugar .
They put it in there for a preservative .
My mother appeased me .
When I was a kid I was very irritable .
I was born a little skinny kid .
My mother used to appease me by saying , “ Jack , go to the potty and I ’ll give you a candy or ice - cream ” .
I became hooked on it .
My mother thought she was doing good .
She did n’t know that she was making me an addict .
All of my little baby teeth rotted out before the permanent ones came in .
I was 30 pounds underweight .
You just ca n’t believe it .
The damn sugar .
The more you eat ----- the more you want .
Alcohol and sugar are synonymous .
Q – That was you .
How do you know that everyone responds the same way ?
A – They do n’t have it , like I had it .
I would eat food and put my finger down my throat and heave it up .
It was just exactly like an alcoholic .
An alcoholic has to have more and more until they pass out .
They wake up and they get it again .
Q – You were an extreme case then .
A – Absolutely .
Everything I do is extreme .
That ’s my personality .
When I live , I live for keeps and tear the grass in great big heaps .
Q – You say “ Keep away from sugar .
It destroys your ability to think .
Takes all the vitamins and minerals from your body ” .
A – It does .
It destroys the B vitamins , one of the most important vitamins we have .
There ’s about 15 B vitamins and about 8 of them are essential .
You find that in liver .
You find it in whole grains .
It ’s difficult to find in our everyday diet , because so many things have been processed and cooked .
People should take Extra B complex supplements .
When you destroy the B vitamins you ’re restless .
You ’ve got an uncontrollable temper .
Your energy is down .
You just ca n’t function .
Q – Has this been proven scientifically ?
A – One hundred per cent .
Absolutely .
When you do n’t get these minerals and vitamins , so many things happen .
Your liver does n’t function properly .
Your sex life is affected .
Your brain .
Your ability to sleep .
Your elimination .
So many things are affected .
It ’s like a domino effect .
Q – Is it true you have n’t had ice - cream in 73 years ?
A – I have n’t touched any white sugar since I started when I was 15 years old .
Q – You only eat non -fat frozen yogurt ?
A – Well , I do n’t even eat that very much .
It ’s been awhile .
I keep away from dairy products .
That ’s another big pet peeve of mine ----- all this over consumption of dairy products .
You go to the average restaurant and watch the average person .
The first thing they start to do before they start to eat or drink is ----- they ’ve got the bread out and they ’re putting butter on it .
Q – The fast food places are constantly advertising on t.v .
How do you compete with that ?
Your message is being lost , is n’t it ?
A – I ’ve said a hundred times , people in my profession with the message I have , how does one get the message across .
Advertising , right ?
If the average advertiser can get to the people 6 or 7 times with that message , they will buy that product .
Well , that ’s what we have to do with this exercise and nutrition and healthy living .
We ’ve got to bombard the people with it , how it ’s a necessity , how beneficial it is , how you ’re gonna look better and feel better and live longer .
Everything about you has got to be better .
And , it has to start in Kindergarden or first grade .
That ’s where these kids have to be taught .
We have to bombard these kids with the truth .
If you eat this and exercise , the women will be more beautiful .
You guys will be stronger and be better athletes .
You ’re gonna get better grades .
People are gonna like you .
You ’re gonna make more money in life ‘ cause you ’re healthy .
This is what we have to pound into these kids heads when they start out in life ; I know I sound like a zealot , but damn it , this is my whole life !!
This is what I believe in so strongly .
Q – You recommend that people eat chicken and turkey .
Is that correct ?
A – Well , for the average person .
See , if people would stick to fish , chicken and turkey ----- those are the least fat and they ’re all good protein .
You ’re not gonna take all these meats away from people .
If I can keep ’em away from the pork and all the real high fat meat ----- every nutritionist will tell you that .
Then , if you ’re gonna eat grains , why not eat the whole grain ?
Q – How about the additives found in chicken ?
People are getting sick from contaminated chicken .
A – Of course !
That ’s another subject altogether .
Right now the air you ’re breathing has been screwed around with .
The water you drink .
Every fruit .
Every vegetable without exception has been screwed around with to make it last longer , to make it grow faster .
That ’s why we have to take extra vitamins and minerals and enzymes .
We have to supplement our diet with good natural supplements .
But , the main big key is vigorous exercise .
When you exercise vigorously you build up your immune system , so you can damn near eat fecal matter and get by !!
Look at these football players ----- they eat 10,000 calories a day .
They eat junk .
They ’re human garbage cans .
But , they exercise so vigorously they become a combustion engine and burn up that stuff .
But , the minute they quit exercising , they ’re in big , big trouble .
You gotta do the best you can .
It ’s better to eat these foods , the chicken and turkey , And , if you ’re gonna get grains , make sure that they ’re natural whole grains , brown rice , and wheat and barley and corn .
All these grains are terrific .
Baked potatoes with the skin .
If we just keep away from all the damn dairy products .
Try to get at least 5 raw vegetables a day .
I get 10 .
You stick to that diet , you ’re not gonna be fat unless you overeat the whole thing .
You can get fat on anything if you eat enough of it .
You gotta count calories depending on your age and your physical activity .
If you want to gain weight , you eat more .
If you want to lose weight ----- you eat less .
It ’s all arithmetic , period .
Q – You work - out everyday for …..
A – 2 hours .
Q – Starting at 5 am ?
A – I try to hit the gym between 5 - 6 am .
Q – That ’s your own gym ?
A – I have two gyms at home .
Q – So , you work - out everyday ?
A – Yeah .
See , I travel so much .
Every hotel has a gym and a pool ----- the good ones .
Even if there ’s no gym in the hotel , I chin on the door .
I do push - ups on chairs .
I have a whole series I do in my hotel room .
See , I do n’t expect people to do what Jack La Lanne does .
I ’ve been doing this since I was a kid .
I just want to see how long I can keep this up using me as a guinea pig .
If the average person would work out a half hour 3 times a week vigorously and change that program every 30 days completely ----- When it gets boring , you ’re not getting the results and you ’re going to be miserable .
When you change that program ----- it ’s like starting over .
Q – What do you do after your work - outs ?
A – I have interviews .
I do lectures .
I have personal appearances .
I love to watch television .
I ’m a voracious reader .
I have leisure time too .
I ’m a good relaxer .
I can sit on my butt and do nothing .
The better shape you ’re in , the faster you can relax .
Too many people ca n’t relax .
I can sit down and thank God for living in this country and the wonderful things I have and the things I ’m going to do .
See , my brain never stops really , about my future .
I want to help people .
I want to get this message out , more and more .
That ’s why I ’ve been part of this earth .
I believe that .
Q – What do you say to people who say they ’re too busy to exercise ?
A – I say , you know what ?
I may look like a stupid ass but , I ’m not that stupid .
You ’ve got 24 hours a day .
If you ca n’t take a half an hour taking care of the most priceless possession you have on this earth , your body ----- you are psycho !
Take a half hour less sleep .
Q – You say , “ The restaurants keep my special pita bread in stock or will get it for me ” .
A – Oh , yeah .
A lot of the restaurants , I bring my own salad , my own pita bread .
A lot of them keep it there for me .
I call them and they fix the rice for me .
Q – Is that because you ’re a celebrity or would they do that for anybody ?
A – They ’d do it for anybody .
If you bring the stuff there , what do they care what they cook ?
They ’re saving money .
They ’re not using their product .
They ’re using yours .
They want to please you .
Most people do n’t know what to ask for .
When I go into a restaurant , I got to have at least 10 raw vegetables in the salad .
I do n’t care what it costs .
I ’ve never told my stomach I ’m a poor man .
I want the Best !
I want no butter .
I want no cream in my soup .
A lot of the restaurants have no soup , so , I bring my own soup .
My wife and I if we ’re home , we eat out every night .
I do n’t care what restaurant you go to , even the fast food restaurant , there ’s something there you can eat .
They ’ll have tuna .
They have hard - boiled eggs .
You can just eat the white of the eggs .
Every restaurant has whole wheat bread .
Every restaurant has some kind of fruit for dessert .
They ’ll have melon or banana or something .
Q – With all of this talk we ’ve done in this interview about health and fitness , how do you explain a guy like Frank Sinatra ?
He smoked .
He drank .
He stayed up all night , and he lived to be 82 .
A – There are exceptions to every rule .
He had good genes too .
Q – I know .
His mother lived a long life .
A – That ’s what I ’m saying .
If he had lived like I advocate , he could ’ve lived to be 100 plus !!
I tell people most Americans die at 60 and they bury them at 75 .
I want to be active .
I want to be sexually active .
I want to be productive .
I want to help people .
I want to be a happy person .
You gotta work at living !!
It ’s the easiest thing to die .
Living is tough .
It ’s survival .
If you use these two words I ’m gonna give you , you ca n’t fail in any profession ----- pride and discipline .
You just think that over .
Official Website : JackLaLanne.com © Gary James All Rights Reserved
Knot Tying Instructions
Step 1 - Hang the rope from your hand , thusly .
Step 2 - Coil it around your hand twice , so that there are three coils facing you .
Step 3 - Reach under the right - most coil and grab the middle one , then carefully pull it out and form a loop .
Do not upset that right - most coil .
Step 4 - Bring the loop you made all they way over the coils , and pull it back underneath both remaining coils .
Pull the loop , and then both ends of the rope to tighten .
No matter which platform you are spending time , the audience is what matters at last .
To keep up to the expectations of the audience and give what they want you to have to watch out for the latest social media trends that are changing the face of digital marketing .
Why marriage is better for men than quitting smoking
They may joke that marriage raises their blood pressure .
But walking down the aisle actually has a positive effect on a man 's health , scientists say .
They found that a long marriage lowers a man 's chance of developing serious health problems and is more effective than giving up smoking when guarding against potentially fatal diseases .
Researchers looked at blood samples from 1,715 volunteers aged 57 to 85 to measure the level of C - reactive protein .
Walking down the aisle actually has a positive effect on a man 's health , scientists say
CRP , which is produced by the liver in response to inflammation , has been linked in previous studies to heart disease , depression and even stroke .
The study found that married men had the lowest CRP levels of any group : an average of 1.16 milligrams per litre of blood compared to 2.72 for unmarried men .
There was only a negligible difference between married and unmarried women .
The University of Arizona study , published in the Psychosomatic Medicine journal this month , found that marriage reduced a man 's risk of developing health problems by 10.34 per cent -- equivalent to maintaining a healthy weight in later life .
It also trumped the benefits of normal blood pressure levels , which reduced risk by just 3.42 per cent , and of not smoking , which lowered risk by 7.94 per cent .
Professor Tony Cassidy , of Ulster University , an expert on how relationships affect health , said : ' This shows how strong the effect of being married and having strong social bonds can be .
' Men do n't necessarily get the same kind of support from their friendships - that 's why marriage is so important . '
However , June Davison , from the British Heart Foundation , warned : ' This does not mean that married men can let themselves go .
' Whether you 're married or not , eating healthily , doing regular activity and not smoking are all vital to keep your heart healthy . '
Preservationists Say Wal - Mart Battle Not Over
The Orange County Board of Supervisors in Virginia voted 4 - 1 early this morning to approve a special use permit that will allow Wal - Mart to build a super center close to the National Park Service 's Wilderness Battlefield .
In a statement released today , the Civil War Preservation Trust said the vote was a " setback for preservationists " but added , " this battle is not over yet . "
Trust president Jim Lighthizer called on Wal - Mart to reconsider its decision to build within the footprint of the Wilderness Battlefield , near Fredericksburg , pointing to what he called , " nationwide anger generated by its proposal . "
" The ball is now in Wal - mart 's court , " he said .
" It 's in the corporation 's best interest to work with the preservation community to find an alternative site .
... We are optimistic that company officials will see the wisdom of moving somewhere else . "
That does n't sound likely , according to Wal - Mart regional spokesman Keith Morris .
In an interview he said , " Two years ago , the county decided this site was one where growth should occur .
We have looked at alternative sites and there are other sites but they require rezoning .
There is no guarantee the county would approve another site . "
Morris pointed to the county planning commission 's second and little - noticed Aug. 20 4 - 3 vote that reversed a decision of the night before , when that commission deadlocked on the issue .
A deadlock is considered a negative vote .
Morris said that second vote was an indication of the county 's strong interest in seeing the store built at the proposed site .
There is a possibility that the Trust , as the lead organization of the Wilderness Coalition , will turn to the courts and appeal the board 's decision .
Officials are debating their next step now .
A year after a money - market fund spooked investors by " breaking the buck , " Deutsche Bank AG 's DWS Investments plans to launch a money fund with a floating share price .
Unlike conventional money - market funds , the proposed DWS Variable NAV Money Fund will allow its net asset value , or NAV , to fluctuate rather than trying to maintain a stable $ 1 share price .
The fund will require a $ 1 million minimum investment , a regulatory filing said .
The ...
All of us are at risk .
And for the millions who speak a lesser - known language , that risk is compounded by the lack of health materials in a language they understand .
View our guide
It took major political pressure and direction from the White House , but it ’s official : The 2010 U.S. Census will record and report raw data about Americans in same - sex relationships .
It ’s a stark departure from the Bush administration , which collected the data but barred its release .
DETAILS :
Continuing current policy , the new guidelines state that software used by Census enumerators will recode answers given by same sex-partners who mark their relationship status as “ husband or wife , ” to “ unmarried partner . ”
But then , in late 2011 , Census officials will for the first time release the raw state - by - state data on same - sex couples that marked their relationship status as “ husband or wife . ”
The new policy marks a continued shift in how the Census handles declarations of same - sex partnerships .
In 1990 , enumerators made a practice of changing the sex of a person described as the husband or wife of a head of household to reflect the opposite sex .
In 2000 , the bureau instead edited the data to describe same - sex couples as “ unmarried partners . ”
The Census will first report same - sex marriage data later this year when it releases the 2008 American Community Survey .
The results of the annual housing and population survey will include unedited responses regarding relationship status .
From AC360 Sept. 10 , 2009 .
While discussing Rep. Wilson 's outburst during the President 's speech , Tea Party oganizer Mark Williams says this about illegal immigrants receiving health care benefits :
WILLIAMS : Everybody seems to be leaving one very important thing out of this .
And that is , the federal courts have spoken with regard to illegal immigrants or illegal aliens getting benefits , especially health benefits .
We tried to bar them from doing that in California back in the '90s , and the federal courts slapped us down .
Even language specifically excluding them is not going to stand a court battle .
So , whatever Obama believes -- and , for that matter , I do n't even know what bill he was talking about .
Does he have a proposal ?
Does he have a plan ?
What 's he even talking about ?
He and Roland Martin get into it in the above segment after the commercial break where Williams reiterates what he said about the courts , and Martin insists that there are no provisions for illegal immigrants to receive benefits in any of the proposed health care legislation .
Dave Neiwert gave me his slant on this :
Illegal immigrants entering an emergency room for treatment will be covered under any health - reform plan – because they are already .
It ’s a basic legal matter that emergency rooms cannot turn away anyone in need of emergency care .
The courts have indeed decided this .
The question is , does Mark Williams want it otherwise ?
Does he want emergency rooms deciding who lives and who dies depending on their ability to prove their citizenship ?
Does he want people to die on emergency - room doorsteps because they are undocumented ?
Undocumented immigrants get no insurance benefits under the Obama plan , but the costs of their care will be covered under a more sane system .
The taxpayers will wind up covering the costs , as they do now , but the costs should be less because the payment system will be more direct .
Those are the questions Roland Martin or anyone on that panel should have been asking Williams , but I guess that 's expecting too much of CNN .
I also would have liked for one of them to ask Williams if he thinks going to an emergency room is the equivalent of having health care coverage as I 've heard one too many Republican member of Congress assert .
BLITZER : Let 's get back to our panel talking strategy on health care reform and Congressman Joe Wilson 's outburst , CNN's Candy Crowley joining us , political contributor Roland Martin , and Tea Party Express organizer Mark Williams .
We 're going to get what Dana just reported .
But , Mark , I want to give you a chance to respond to what Roland said , that John McCain himself agrees with the president that nothing in this legislation would give illegal immigrants in the United States the opportunity to gain from this proposed legislation .
WILLIAMS : Well , Wolf , it does n't have to , because the courts have already spoken on .
And that they will speak again if -- if -- if it happens .
But this bitterness that supposedly is directed toward Obama , if I have learned anything in my work with OurCountryPAC.org , it 's that it 's not bitterness .
It 's outrage at the socialist policies being embraced by this administration .
MARTIN : Nonsense .
It 's bitterness .
WILLIAMS : And that goes -- that goes double for W. , by the way .
And , as far as the Republican Party goes , it 's no surprise to any of us working stiffs out here that they allow themselves to be a doormat for what is happening in Washington , D.C.
The fact of the matter is , the Republican Party , as a whole , is absent without leave from this debate .
And our representatives , our elected representatives , are falling down on the job of upholding and protecting the Constitution .
And that 's why the American people are rising .
That 's why I had almost 10,000 people outside Chicago at our tea party the other day .
People are sick and tired of being abused and then being called a mob of Nazis because they object to that .
BLITZER : All right .
WILLIAMS : We 're the people who pay the bills .
A Staten Island driver is due in court at the end of the month to face assault charges after a road rage incident with a cyclist .
Unlike Fox News staffer Don Broderick , whom the Manhattan DA let off the hook despite allegations that he drove with a cyclist clinging to his hood , 27 - year - old Michael Graziuso was taken away in handcuffs after this altercation , which took place at a busy Staten Island intersection on the morning of July 8th .
The confrontation was sparked after cyclist Gregory DeRespino , 48 , stopped in the bike lane at a red light at Capodanno Boulevard and Seaview Avenue , making it difficult for several cars lined up behind him to make a right turn .
According to the Staten Island Advance , when traffic is backed up at the light , drivers commonly move into the bike lane to make a right turn on red , which is permitted at the intersection .
But on this particular morning , DeRespino was n't having it , and decided to defend the bike lane from vehicular encroachment .
He says , " The motorists who wanted to use my bike lane as a turning lane were very upset . "
And when they started honking at him , he decided to stay there an extra turn of the light " because I was frustrated and fuming ...
I was trying to calm myself and have a drink on a hot day . "
Graziuso , who was one of the drivers angry that a cyclist would n't move out of the bike lane , was also frustrated .
After driving by , he parked and returned on foot .
DeRespino says Graziuso grabbed his bike from behind as he was sitting on it , " dragged me from that position , " and pushed him off .
" He gave me a kick for good measure , then walked away . "
But Graziuso insists he only got out of his car to remedy the matter by pulling the bike out of the street , and DeRespino had gotten off the bike when he approached : " He was not attacked .
I pulled his bike up to the sidewalk .
The guy was never touched .
He was n't on the bike .
He was near the bike . "
Graziuso's lawyer , Jonathan Ginsberg , tells the Advance the confrontation is a " manufactured event , " and thinks DeRespino just wants to cash in as a poster boy for cycling advocacy : " I seriously question whether or not the complainant is trying to set up a civil suit for damages . "
And DeRespino concedes , " In hindsight , it was my mistake to stay as long as I did .
It never crossed my mind that someone would come back to me .
Now , it 's the paramount thought . "
Regardless of whether cycling advocacy is DeRespino 's intent , the incident has had an impact already ; last Thursday cops cracked down on motorists who drive through the bike lane to approach the intersection , issuing five tickets to offenders .
And now local officials have fired off a letter to DOT Commissioner Janette Sadik - Khan and Police Commissioner Ray Kelly calling for a better effort to educate drivers and cyclists on road rules .
Secretly embedded in the newest Burnout Paradise DLC , Big Surf Island , is the ability to unlock toy versions of the previously released , premium content , Legendary Cars .
The Legendary Cars premium DLC , originally priced at $ 8 , included the Hunter Cavalry Bootlegger , Jansen P12 88 Special , Carson GT Nighthawk and the Hunter Manhattan Spirit .
However , the toy versions included within Big Surf Island are n’t being given away , you have to do the following to unlock them :
Toy Hunter Cavalry Bootlegger – Jump from all 15 Island Mega Jumps
– Jump from all 15 Island Mega Jumps Toy Jansen P12 88 Special – Hit all of the 45 Island Billboards
– Hit all of the 45 Island Billboards Toy Carson GT Nighthawk – Complete all 24 Island Road Rules
– Complete all 24 Island Road Rules Toy Hunter Manhattan Spirit – Hit all 75 Island Smashes
[ Source ]
Technology and religion have often been seen as near mutually exclusive .
Religion looks to lessons learned a few millennium ago , while technology is constantly trying to replace old understandings of this world with new ones .
On the other hand , technology and religion go incredibly well together in that religion has a foundation of communication , which technology is making leaps and bounds in .
President Barack Obama is a great example of how technology and religion are symbiotic .
Each morning , Obama reads a devotional on his BlackBerry .
“ I pray all the time now — because I ’ve got a lot of stuff on my plate and I need guidance all the time , ” he said with a laugh during an interview with ABC ’s Nightline that was aired Thursday night .
Obama said he receives his daily devotional from Joshua DuBois , his director of faith and neighborhood initiatives .
“ That ’s how I start my morning .
You know , he ’s got a passage , scripture , in some cases quotes from other faiths to reflect on .
This is something where you just hope that you are aligning your work with His purposes and that you ’re attuned to the needs of the people you ’re there to serve , ” he said . ”
For those looking for a good Bible App , LifeChurch .
TV have a free Bible for your BlackBerry .
You can download it OTA from youversion.com / bb .
[ Via ]
Real Trial Lawyers .
Houston Personal Injury And Business Litigation Attorneys
Since 1951 , the lawyers of Abraham , Watkins , Nichols , Sorrels , Agosto , Aziz & Stogner have been serving and protecting the rights of clients in Houston : the seriously injured , families of loved ones killed by the negligence of others , and clients with business disputes .
Personal injury and wrongful death :
An accident can change lives in an instant .
We are dedicated to seeking justice on behalf of our injured clients and fighting for maximum compensation .
With almost 70 years of experience , we are the oldest personal injury law firm in Texas .
Business litigation : Businesses can face a variety of legal challenges , many of which can threaten the business ' bottom line .
We help Texas business owners overcome a variety of legal disputes , helping them make decisions that are consistent with their goals .
We are a Texas law firm dedicated to seeking justice , compensation , and results on behalf of our clients .
If you or a loved one has suffered a serious injury because of another person 's negligence , or if you are in need of strong business dispute resolution representation , contact our firm today online or at 713-396-3964 ( toll free 800-594-4884 ) to schedule a free consultation .
Do you need a book report ?
Maybe a marketing case study or research paper for your biology course ?
At BestEssays.com.au , you can order any type of paper .
We started our service with the purpose to provide all kinds of content an Aussie student could possibly need .
We have writers with degrees from management , economy , math , literature , psychology , computer science , and many other subject areas .
We can handle any topic .
Just make sure to choose the correct niche in the order form !
We realize that even a top - quality paper is no good if you receive it late .
At BestEssays.com.au , timely delivery is guaranteed .
You set the deadline and we deliver !
We offer urgent options that start from 3 hours !
No matter how urgent your content is , we ’ll deliver it on time .
The quality is still guaranteed , even if you want an entire essay written in 3 hours .
We have writers who can cope with the pressure .
Just place the order ASAP if you want the lowest price .
This writer is very good with history questions !
One of the best I have experienced .
I love the writer 's quick responses and his work .
Thank you for sending it to me on time .
Look forward working with the company in the future .
This paper is really good !
The writer was fast , and followed all my instructions .
I will order more projects soon .
Great job !
Thanks !
We can deliver any kind of paper you need .
Each and every order is covered by an expert in a relevant subject area .
We ’ve hired professional writers with degrees in psychology , literature , math , physics , social sciences , chemistry , economics , and all other niches .
Our most popular services include :
If you are stressed out and have no time to write your paper , just remember that help is here .
The professional writers at Bestessays.com.au are ready to help you with all of your paper - writing needs !
We are the number one , essay - writing service chosen by Australian students !
See for yourself how the most experienced , custom - writing service in Australia can help you with your assignments .
Get the most cost - effective assignment writing service .
We offer the perfect solution for Australian students who need help with their assignments .
Our services also include editing any type and style of custom papers , at any academic level .
You can order an essay or any other type of project for a really affordable price .
We give you tons of advantages .
Discounts are available , too !
You ’ll be entitled to free revisions , so you can rest assured you ’ll be happy with the results .
Whether you need a simple essay or a complex dissertation , remember that Bestessays.com.au is here to help !
Try our custom - writing services today and you will understand why we are the leading , custom - writing provider in Australia and beyond !
Once you place your order , we will assign it to a professional writer with knowledge and experience in your exact academic field to ensure your total satisfaction .
Additionally , we have the resources to conduct the necessary research for any project you may have .
Why Choose Bestessays.com.au ?
1. Countless Australian students are satisfied with our professional writing services
2. Custom - written essays , original term papers , and professional research help
3. Educated , professional writers with proven experience writing academic papers
4. Valuable savings - our discount savings program saves you time and money
5 . Our customer service is available 24/7 - when you need help , we are here for you
6. 100 % privacy guaranteed - your private information is strictly confidential
7 . Free revisions on any academic paper until you are fully satisfied with your order
8 . Free title page , contents page , reference page , and proper formatting
Academic performance now matters more than ever .
With an array of young people pursuing education for bigger chances in the job industry , a lot of your future will be based on how well you do in school .
Because of this , all students strive to hire an amazing essay writer to do their papers .
And why would n’t you ?
When you ’re spending your hard - earned and limited cash on essay writing help , it is normal to demand high quality .
Even so , there are few companies that guarantee and continuously deliver top - notch essay help online .
Known as the best essay writing service Australia , bestessays.com.au is the perfect place to get your papers .
What Will Our Essay Writer Do for You ?
The only way to assure our customers as well as ensure ourselves that things will go as planned is to hire great writers .
Our service has employed hundreds of highly qualified essay writers who will work hard and use their vast skill set to make your life at school simpler .
Each online essay writer on our payroll has to meet certain criteria to get employed and work on your essays and other papers .
These include :
Master ’s or PhD degree from a renowned Australian university
At least 3 years of writing experience
Native - English
Attention to details and adherence to deadlines
When you come to us and say : write my essay , we will give your paper details to one such writer .
Can you guess what will happen when we do ?
When such a writer takes your order to complete , you can expect an excellent piece that will take your academic performance higher .
What Benefits Do I Get if I Pay to Write My Essay Here ?
Quality is the obvious benefit , but there is much more that students get when they tell us : write my essay for me .
What we offer you is peace of mind .
When you invest in our writers ’ work , you need n’t worry about the deadline , even if it seems like it is too short to meet it .
You do n’t have to worry about the quality of work either because we are equipped to make it brilliant .
Lastly , you do n’t need to worry that our writer will miss an important detail from your order .
We double - check everything to make sure that it is perfect .
In the unlikely event that you do n’t like our essay help for some reason , we got you covered .
Our company ’s support service works round the clock just in case you need some help .
So , if there is something you ’d like changed or you ’d like to make a complaint about an essay writer work , we will be more than glad to assist you .
Our service offers free revisions .
That is how safe your paper and your money are at this company .
There ’s also , of course , the opportunity to get just about anything you need .
In all these years of working hard to help students , we have made sure that everything you need , you can find it right here .
Whenever a student requested a paper from us , we fulfilled that demand and increased our service list .
Today , we cater to the needs of students from all academic levels , academic institutions , as well as majors , disciplines , and subject .
Fair Prices for Professinal Essay Help
You expect quality above all else , and that is understandable .
But , as a student who is probably careful with their budget , you must worry about prices too .
Most students these days take jobs to cover their expenses or have big student debt that does n’t allow them to spend too much on things like papers .
Knowing all this led us to carefully create a pricing system that will make BestEssays.com.au an affordable , yet highly trusted source of academic assignments of all sorts .
We have prices that fit the qualifications of our essay writers , but also discount offers that will turn the already reasonable prices into an amazing bargain .
Papers have never been better and more affordable than this !
If you want a combination of great pricing and even greater quality , BestEssays.com.au is the company to hire to provide it .
Your loyalty means a great deal to us .
We grant discounts to welcome new customers , but always appreciate the loyalty of those who come back for essay help because they trust us .
We have thousands of regulars every year and all of them have access to great discounts that are part of our loyalty program .
Ordering sooner than later is your best strategy when you buy online .
Do n’t waste any more time .
Order right now to claim a nice bonus and get the best price from our list .
If you need some clearing up , our support is right here at your disposal , on email , phone , or live chat .
And if that tantrum were all he was guilty of , it would be bad enough .
But he has hurt the people of South Carolina not merely with his words , but his actions .
Because of the kind of " representation " we ’ve gotten from Mr. Wilson , parts of my district have seen so many jobs sent overseas that almost one - quarter of the residents are unemployed .
These corporate giveaways may be great for Mr. Wilson ’s campaign account , and for Big Finance , but not for Allendale , South Carolina .
I know this not only as a South Carolinian , but a husband , father , and owner of a small business .
I served our country in Iraq — twice — because I believe that when your country comes knocking , there is no higher calling than service .
It is the same reason I ran in 2008 , when nobody gave me a chance , and I managed to get over 46 % of the vote against an entrenched incumbent ( while being outspent by more than 4:1 ) .
That was a higher % than our President got in my district .
So here I am running again in 2010 .
Just as determined to bring real representation — let ’s call it adult representation — to the people of my district , many of whom lack jobs , healthcare , and sadly , hope .
Working together , we can change that .
Running for office is n't about me and you reminded me of that with your enormous generosity , which has seen my campaign raise $ 1 million from the very people that I will be fighting for in Congress .
That means that because of YOU , I will not be outspent 4:1 in the general election this time .
Negative attack ads will not be able to drown out honest solutions to what ails our great nation .
And for that , I am eternally thankful .
In closing , we must all stop and reflect for a moment about what this great nation means to us , and how we can continue to help it fulfill it ’s promise .
I ’d like to thank all of you for giving me the opportunity to do just that .
Rob
August 19 , 2009 03:22 IST
The detention of actor Shah Rukh Khan in the United States may have raised a storm in India , but the arrest of Ravi Shankar , associate professor of English and poet - in - residence at Central Connecticut State University , has received little or no coverage in Indian media .
Though it happened a month earlier in New York City , the arrest , detention and the actions of the court have raised many questions .
Shankar is now consulting attorneys in the case for the legal steps .
The doctor tells the story in his own words .
The arrest of Harvard University Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. in Cambridge , Mass. , fuelled a debate over the quicksand of race and law enforcement .
To me , the racially fraught encounter of a professor with the police is all too familiar ; it returns me with a shudder to the weekend of July 10 , which I spent in a Manhattan jail .
My ordeal began with a party at a Chelsea gallery for the arts journal that I edit .
Brilliant performances led to a boisterous dinner and then it was out to my car for the drive home to Connecticut with my wife and daughter .
Turning onto Sixth Avenue from 34th Street , I found myself assailed by flashing red and blue .
An amplified voice commanded me to pull over .
The officer approached , flashlight fixed in my face , and ordered me onto the sidewalk .
" Is there a problem ? " I asked .
Three other cops surrounded me .
I started to explain what I was doing in the city -- a poet returning from a literary event .
The lead cop shouted , " Just do what I say ! "
And so I obediently did the field - sobriety dance : touched nose with pinky and stood on one foot , tightrope - walked the crack in the sidewalk , blew into the Breathalyzer .
The officer conferred with his partners , then approached with a grin , hand extended as if to shake mine .
" Good news , " he said , " you passed the Breathalyzer . "
Then , with perfect comic timing : " The bad news is , there 's a warrant out for your arrest . "
The extended hand reached for my wrist , twisting it behind my back .
Arrest ?
For what ?
The officers spun into motion .
The backdoor of the police van slid open , a hand pushed my head down and shoved me in .
The officer turned to his partner .
" Always a good day when you can bag a sand nigger . "
Streaks of streetlight receded into the distance through the slats of the police van 's window , a rough jostle over potholes , my hands in the cuffs tightly immobilized behind me .
At the 14th Precinct station my wallet was emptied , my shoelaces and belt taken and I was placed in a holding cell .
I had n't been read my rights or granted a phone call .
After an hour the officer returned -- but only to take me for a mug shot and digital fingerprinting .
Eventually he showed me my arrest warrant .
It was for a 5 - foot - 10 , 140 - pound white male .
I happen to be a 6 - foot - 2 , 200 - pound , Indian man .
I pointed out the discrepancy .
" Tell it to the judge , " he said .
There was also an unpaid speeding ticket , four years old , from Westchester County .
They were n't going to hold me for that , were they ?
Apparently they were .
Cuffed , chain - gang fashion , to a line of other prisoners , I was marched past the front desk , where officers serenaded us with a sarcastic chorus of " Here Comes the Bride . "
We were driven to Central Booking , photographed and searched once more  spread - eagled against the wall  and divided up into three large cells .
My cellmates in 1A included a Polish bartender with a pierced chin , accused of an assault he did n't remember committing , a street peddler from Senegal and a rowdy Dominican who laughed uproariously at his story of being busted for cooking meth .
Time passed fitfully .
Occasionally someone spoke to me .
" Yo , India , " an athletic Puerto Rican man with a blackened tooth nodded , " What you in here for ? "
When I told him , he laughed .
I had gotten caught in a city sweep , he said .
" It 's like a competition .
First precinct to one hundred collars wins . "
It did n't matter who or why .
I dozed off again .
Morning came .
Fifty guys were already upstairs , waiting to be arraigned .
Our group might be called after lunch .
Lines of Samuel Beckett floated to me in shards :
We wait .
We are bored .
In an instant all will vanish and we 'll be alone once more , in the midst of nothingness .
As the day trickled by , rage gave way to resignation , then despondency .
Late in the afternoon , the first three people from our cell were called .
Every two hours , an officer summoned another batch .
Then , it was 10 p.m. , court closed .
Three of us remained .
" Sorry boys , " the officer called out .
" Better luck tomorrow .
" On Sunday morning , my name was called and I was allowed to contact my family and speak to a public defender .
More than 30 hours had passed since my arrest .
After a certain point , waiting becomes a form of brutality , a gratuitous torment .
I was exhausted .
My body ached , and I could smell myself , a bitter odor seeping from under my collar .
At noon , I was called to the judge .
She stared down at me as the public defender reviewed my charge , noting that the warrant was for a 5 - foot - 10 white male .
" Yes , " she said , " he 's clearly not white .
Dismiss that . "
She then did a double take on my file .
" Why does this man have a public defender ? "
" Well , " said my lawyer , " in the process of expediency ... "
She interrupted .
" He can come back and talk to me when he has an attorney . "
The gavel dropped , the bailiff barked and I retreated in a daze .
Arrested on Friday , I 'd been just another " sand nigger , " an easy catch in the night 's sport .
Arraigned on Sunday , I was now a professor , presumably wealthy enough to hire a lawyer .
The irony was just one in a long weekend of indignities .
The old speeding ticket would have to be answered .
But that was for another day .
Right now , all I wanted was out .
While inside , it is all too easy to get caught up in the distractions of each individual reflection .
The mind wants to recognize each reflection as distinct , full – originating on its own .
And it is because we believe that each reflection is separate from another that we begin to build preferences , desire and fear .
We may find ourselves seeking to distinguish between truth and lies , pleasure and pain , good and bad .
But this is all just noise of the mind blocking our recognition of the One .
The search for this One – “ the absolute truth ” – can become like a search for a mirage in a desert .
The moment you think you see it , and begin to approach or try to grasp , is the same moment it begins to dissipate .
By the time you are there – it has vanished from all seeing .
Why ?
Because you think you need to be there in order to see it .
This only creates another reflection , and another distraction , in the house of mirrors .
You only see the “ real you ” staring at the reflection , but you ca n’t see the other you that is staring right back .
It is in everything .
This is only the recognition of consciousness in every thing that can be attended to .
Each moment is only a reflection in this house of mirrors .
It is a snippet of time in the infinite , and utterly empty , consciousness - space continuum .
You are not an individual snippet of time - space .
This would be identifying with something that is much lesser than what you really are ; it would be selling yourself short .
You are the flow of time itself – the experience of it – you are the empty awareness of process , change , impermanence , rising and falling , and evolution itself .
By recognizing that we were never an individual reflection , but the house of mirrors itself , we recognize ourselves as inherent empty space , like time , that gives way to all change .
No longer do we get caught up in this experience of illusions , false identities , and other mind tricks .
We recognize that we are something greater than a single object , a single thought , and a single experience .
We are natural , naked , and empty awareness that witnesses all change : failure , success , and growth .
We are the flow of change itself , not any of the individual ripples in the tide .
Our being is present in all we know and understand as reality .
This is always there to be recognized .
This kind of discovery can lead to a sense of new being .
A being that is beyond physical and mental activity , or what we might conventionally define as a self .
Instead in this state of recognition , we are simultaneously seeing and knowing that the Self is one with the Whole .
In this recognition there is not a busy stream of mental utterances ( no attention on the reflections or distinctions of Self and Other ) .
There is only a nurturing nothingness which gives way to all process and all change as it arises in the emptiness of time - space - consciousness .
The reflections are still there to be noticed by the mind , but the mind is not present to witness those illusions of permanence and identity .
Instead , only One sense of being shines through .
It is the only ray of light traveling through the vacuum of space .
It is only One .
Ok , firstly , to point out my perspective .
Currently I 'm experienced in a number of MMO's ( WoW , Tabula Rasa , Fury Online , WAR , I even had a short stint in LotRO among a week or two in countless others ) .
Machinery wise - my rig should be able to handle pretty much any MMO throws at me - Quad Core Q6600 , 4gb DDR2 , Geforce 9800 GT 512 mb , 1.5TB total internal HDD capacity , 1TB external , 24 " primary LCD monitor @ 1920x1200 res , 17 " secondary LCD @ 1280x1024 res .
All on Windows 7 RC1 64bit .
Oooh nasty a beta OS and 64 bit to boot :O With a beta version of DirectX ( 11 ) installed by default .
Surely I 'm asking for trouble .
Ok , fresh from the box , I install it , it gets up to patching , informs me I need to upgrade from Directx 11 to Directx 9 .
Points me at the appropriate Microsoft download site .
After boggling at this and trying to find any other solution than lose 4 years of DirectX upgrades , I bite the bullet and install Directx 9 .
Heh , turns out it 's happy to run side by side with 11 and let each game choose which to run on .
After this it was just a matter of downloading the patches , approx total of 3gb worth of downloads later ( ooh a year 's progress in this game = 3 gb , not too shabby , the dev's have been busy ) .
I log into the game , notice that like WoW , they have " Oceanic " servers , boxes physically located in the US , but designed to run on upside - down time , and have raid clocks reset appropriately .
On the recommendation of Mikes I roll on the Oceanic PvE server .
I get to the character creation screen , I 'm greeted by a boat with people rowing on it .
Three people tend to stand out , the slaver near the aft cabin , a scantily clad concubine looking woman inside said cabin , and one guy who 's meant to be rowing , halfway down the crowd , that instead is busy daydreaming .
The game asks me to pick male or female .
Being that I wanted to make a big brutal melee character to follow along my tastes in other games ( I like tanking , but I like giant weapons even more ) I choose male .
The camera zooms to the daydreamer who now stands up .
It asks me to choose a number of options Race / Class etc , but more importantly , it allows me to customise my character to levels completely unseen in most major MMO's .
The customisation is phenomonal .
I can adjust the proportions of arms , legs , waist , chest , smile , brow , eyes so on and so forth .
Brilliant .
After finally deciding I was happy my Cimmerian Guardian looked brutal enough , I accept , the boat crashes , I fall overboard , the boat sinks , I sink to the bottom of the water , but shock horror I come back up to the surface , and wash up on a beach .
The obligatory welcome happens , with an old guy , and a particularly fan - servicey lady who 's tied up in a very skimpy outfit with a Russian accent to boot .
I begin my adventure on the island of Tortage .
I work my way up through some quests , and come across an option to go to nighttime - as it turns out , all my story - driven questing is to be done at nighttime , solo .
Like the new " phasing " system thats starting to take off in certain other major MMO's * cough WOW * .
The first place I came across this concept for use of early levelling was LotRO .
Worked wonders .
Turns out I did n't like the guardian as much as I 'd hoped .
Did n't seem right .
So there he sits on my character selection screen , stuck at lvl 12 .
I 'm sure I 'll come back to him .
I decide to roll something completely different , but generally my 2nd choice in fantasy games - the nasty , evil caster archetype - I want to roll a Demonologist .
I choose female , camera zooms to the lady I thought to earlier be a concubine , but everything else works out the same .
I play my way through Tortage , following all the quests I can get , loving how this caster works .
She 's everything I dreamed my Warlock in WoW to do .
The city of Tortage really seemed alive to me .
The npc's flirted , or poured their hearts into everything they said , the quests all meant something , you got to really hate Strom and Mithrelle .
Every word spoken by an NPC had voice acting to it .
It was truly a complete experience .
I complete the Tortage quests and get sent back to my homelands of Stygia .
With designs heavily borrowed from the Egyptians .
( yes I realise REH based Stygia on Egypt ) The NPC 's are silent .
I 'm sent to every corner of the world by the different NPC's - I have troubles grouping anything more than 2 - 3 quests to take me to the same area so I can bowl them over in succession .
The whole experience that was Tortage just did not seem to follow onto Khemi - the major port of Stygia .
NPC 's could not care less about me unless they had a quest for me , and then it was " I need this .
Go get it . " .
The writing seemed to take a downturn .
I 'd heard among early reports that things beyond Tortage were n't completed by launch .
Granted , it was by no means game breaking , but definately immersion shaking .
I had one quest that took me into an area , that while my quest was yellow to me ( approx right for my level ) - I died within a few moments there , and the graveyard I was sent to was surrounded by mobs 4 times my level .
I hearthed , ditched that quest and found some more .
I traveled to Cimmeria , the landscape boggles me still - definately the most beautiful in game land I have ever seen .
Green valleys and snow covered mountains , a rolling brook , pine trees , wolves , badgers and people with red hair I have to kill .
Truly heaven .
It would seem that my fears were all misguided , as I found myself exploring smaller towns , they seem to be completely written , with well planned quests but still lacking some bits of voice acting , and nobody trying to get in my pants yet .
As with any MMO , one of the important factors is the community .
Right from the word go , I noticed there was a " New Player Help " global channel , and a global general channel .
I kept my eyes peeled for both .
People requested help in the NPH channel and received solid , timely and friendly help from people at or near the level cap .
I rubbed my eyes .
I 've never seen this in any MMO .
Not one outburst of " Lol , noob , RTFM " to be seen .
To even more amazement , the furthest general seemed to descend was when somebody tried to start an argument about how WoW was the only mmo worth playing .
He didnt get any response .
He shut up pretty damn quickly .
Some people were whinging about graphical errors and memory leaks .
I 've been monitoring my CPU and Ram load while ingame ( having a second screen with the gadgets on top of my G15 screen displaying them as well ) with nothing really to report .
There was use of the cpu .
There was use of ram .
Neither got particularly tough .
I turned everything up to maximum on the settings and still no troubles .
Granted I would n't want to try and run photoshop , maya and a hard drive defrag in the background .
All in all , I can see myself falling head over heels for this game , I 'm currently lvl 22 with my main and absolutely loving it .
Would I recommend somebody play it ?
Absolutely , grab a copy if you see it on the cheap , or if you 're free to download 13gb , give the trial a whirl .
You 'll see what I 'm talking about .
I will report back when I 've tried group content , some pvp and / or hitting the level cap .
Until then , I 've got some leveling to do , and only 10 days left of being unemployed to do it .
Um , uh oh …
WASHINGTON –
The federal agency that insures bank deposits , which is asking for emergency powers to borrow up to $ 500 billion to take over failed banks , is facing a potential major shortfall in part because it collected no insurance premiums from most banks from 1996 to 2006 .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , which insures deposits up to $ 250,000 , tried for years to get congressional authority to collect the premiums in case of a looming crisis .
But Congress believed that the fund was so well - capitalized – and that bank failures were so infrequent – that there was no need to collect the premiums for a decade , according to banking officials and analysts .
Now with 25 banks having failed last year , 17 so far this year , and many more expected in the coming months , the FDIC has proposed large new premiums for banks at the very time when many can least afford to pay .
The agency collected $ 3 billion in the fees last year and has proposed collecting up to $ 27 billion this year , prompting an outcry from some banks that say it will force them to raise consumer fees and curtail lending .
Health care is a fairly recent phenomenon .
The demand for doctors and hospitals was very slight before 1920 .
Western medicine was in a primitive state and most people just put up with their maladies .
There was little reason to pay someone for a service that one of your family members could perform just as well or better .
Often , treatment actually made a patient worse off .
By the twenties , things began to change .
There was a great influx of population to the urban centers .
The medical industry was progressing rapidly and the hope of a cure , rather than just trying to comfort the patient , became a reality .
Demand for health care began to increase .
The American Medical Association also began a concerted effort to limit the licensing of doctors .
Stringent guidelines were imposed and the number of medical schools dropped from 131 in 1910 to 81 in 1922 .
Correspondingly the number of doctors decreased creating increased demand for their services and higher fees .
The American College of Surgeons was formed in 1913 .
Again , strict standards were imposed on surgeons and hospitals and the level of care rose appreciably , along with the price of care .
While the original guidelines of both of these organizations did much to further the development and quality of health care , the enactment of unnecessary regulatory measures with the coordination of governmental agencies continues to ensure the demand for doctors always remains high .
Today it is done primarily to preserve a monopoly of service rather than to raise the level of health care .
Both doctors and the hospitals at the time accepted fee payment based on ability to pay .
Doctors varied their fees from zero to full fee depending on the means of their patients .
This had much the same effect that a social insurance care system would .
Those who had the ability to pay subsidized those who did not .
The doctors acted as managers of the system .
They have since fought any attempt to remove this power to charge fees as they see fit .
It appears all those involved at the time , whether doctor , hospital or patient realized the importance of providing care to as many patients as possible .
Without any third party payer , most needy people could receive some treatment .
The first organized payment system became established during the Great Depression .
Hospitals began to offer monthly plans at a set fee .
Patients were assured of care at a low monthly rate and hospitals received a steady income stream , which was sorely lacking at the time .
Both parties benefited from the arrangement .
Although these plans brought a needed flow of revenue to hospitals , they also introduced fierce competition between the hospitals .
To reduce competition , hospitals began to group together and offer plans covering many hospitals .
Under the auspices of the American Hospital Association , this network eventually became Blue Cross .
Government intervened by bestowing a non -profit tax free status for the Blue Cross system .
Legislation also removed any reserve requirement , allowing Blue Cross to compete with little or no back up funds .
In exchange for these concessions , Blue Cross offered its plans to individuals , regardless of their income level and health status .
Hospitals who received the Blue Cross certification promised to continue providing services even when funding was low .
Fear of the possibility that hospitals would insure physician ’s services and the possibility of health care legislation growing out of the Social Security program propelled doctors to institute their own plans .
Government granted these plans the same tax exempt and freedom from reserves that it had granted Blue Cross .
Physicians reserved their right to charge fees above and beyond the guidelines of the plans .
This system became known as Blue Shield .
This increased demand for health insurance encouraged commercial companies to step in .
The 1942 Stabilization
Act created wage and price controls but encouraged employer provided insurance programs by exempting them from both wage controls and taxes .
The shift to employer provided commercial health insurance began with a vengeance and is still the norm today .
Employers used insurance to attract workers in place of prohibited wage increases and the tax exempt status help foster the conversion .
Compulsory insurance came to us in 1965 .
Medicare was a two part federal program .
Upon reaching 65 all citizens were automatically enrolled in Part A , which was a hospital insurance program .
Part B was supplemental medical insurance that included physician ’s services .
Patients were responsible for the difference between the fees and Medicare payments .
Medicaid followed close behind with a federally coordinated state program that provided medically assistance for the indigent .
The federal guidelines established a minimum level and the states individually determined the amount of care beyond that .
By now , the Federal government was into health care in a big way .
The elderly were not only the most medically needy but also the group least able to afford care .
The poor were also in great need .
This forty year transition took us from voluntary care organized by the medical professions , to a commercially based system of selective insurance and finally to a government subsidized institution of care for those with limited ability to pay .
Government intervention into the health insurance system began with the tax and reserve incentives given to the Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans .
This was done to encourage care based on need rather than ability to pay .
While this seemed to work , the entrance of commercial providers tilted the scales .
With the ability to selectively choose patients and the tax breaks given to them by government legislation , commercial providers were able to undercut the Blue insurance groups and gain a dominant share of the healthy clients .
This left a greater share of unhealthy and expensive client - patients in the hands of Blue Cross and Blue Shield , eventually spuring their conversion to commercial for profit organizations utilizing the same selective process as the already existing commercial providers .
The Federal Government then responded to this condition with the Medicare and Medicaid programs .
While this seemed to once again solve the problem of those who needed care but could n’t afford it , it created its own problems .
It is extremely inefficient in terms of service to insure large numbers of people who are not under any great risk , as the commercial companies were doing .
With a large percentage of the population insured either through commercial or government insurance , the supply of funds flowing toward the medical industry was enormous .
This caused an obvious inflationary effect .
Government entered the market first to subsidize the hospital and doctor created plans that were instituted to bring in all patients , rather than to cover those that needed catastrophic care .
The natural function of insurance is to spread the risk of catastophic occurrences throughout a large group .
This utilization of insurance to cover all treatment and cost served to inflate and reinforce the ever increasing fees and charges of the industry .
Private companies then saw the profit potential in undercutting the rates while offering insurance only to only healthy patients , undermining the ability of Blue Cross and Blue Shield to carry all patients without going out of business .
Because of this , Blue Cross and Blue Shield converted over into private carriers and operated in much the same manner .
Government again intervened and provided coverage for those who were now priced out of the system with the Medicare and Medicaid plans .
While this accomplished the intent of covering all who needed care , combined with the selective and subsidized private systems , this added even more fuel to the inflationary factor within the industry .
This short history shows just how far our system is from a market model .
Once a system is established and entrenched and many benefit from it , it is difficult to initiate any true reform .
Instead , secondary and tertiary interventions occur , which just seem to add more and more layers and reinforce the problems that are already in place .
It is no wonder we have the most expensive health care in the entire world .
Woman , 85 , lay dead in her flat for FIVE YEARS before anyone noticed
Forgotten : Isabella Purves ' body lay undiscovered for five years
The badly decomposed remains of an 89 - year - old woman were discovered in her flat five years after she died , police revealed today .
Isabella Purves ' body was only found after a downstairs neighbour noticed water dripping through the ceiling of her tenement flat and reported it to the local council .
Officers forced their way into her flat , fighting through the piles of unopened mail which had gathered behind her front door , before making the gruesome discovery .
It is thought nobody noticed Miss Purves was missing as her pension was paid directly into a bank account and bills were paid by direct debit .
Today , as detectives tried to trace the elderly woman 's relatives , neighbours , pensioners ' charities and politicians spoke of their horror over the tragic case , which one described as a glaring example of the country 's fractured society .
Tragedy : Isabella Purves is believed to have lain dead in her flat - the top bay window - in Edinburgh since 2004
The last reminder was sent out in 2004 .
His wife , Dorothy , who co-owns the business , said the discovery was ' an indictment ' of society .
She said : ' Nobody cares any more , that 's pretty sad .
It 's down to basic neighbourly behaviour .
I would hope people would be looking out for others . '
Giovanni Cilia , who owns the Fioritalia florist below Miss Purves 's traditional tenement flat , said he was shocked at how long it took to find her .
He said : ' How did no one notice the smell , or wonder where she was ?
' I heard there was a big pile of letters and bills behind the door .
I used to see her walk past the shop maybe four times a week .
She would often go across the street and pick up litter to clean the place up . '
Mr Cilia , who has run the shop for 20 years , added : ' It 's shocked everyone here .
When I saw her she looked quite fit and healthy for her age .
' She used to wear boots and would often carry a rucksack like she enjoyed going for walks . '
Isabella 's neighbour Lucy Balloch , 28 , added : ' It 's very saddening and a real shock .
There are a lot of people moving in and out all the time in here and it's not easy to get to know the neighbours that well .
' That 's maybe why nobody suspected anyone was in there . '
Tragic : Isabella Purves ' name is still on the doorbell to her flat
Little is known about Miss Purves , although it is thought she never married .
The windows of her top - floor flat were left open today in the tenement building , which occupies a block on the busy junction with Broughton Road , above a pub and row of shops .
Douglas McLellan , of Age Concern and Help the Aged in Scotland , said it was a ' tragic case ' .
He said : ' If she was not receiving care treatment from anyone and not receiving social care , then the likelihood of being found quickly is minimal .
' The question is not just about public services finding people and neighbours checking up , it 's about how elderly people themselves are living their lives .
If they 're leading private lives , then how are people going to find them ? '
Mr McLellan urged people to take more notice of their neighbours and ' knock on doors ' if there is any concern .
' Society has fractured .
We 're not in the same units as we used to be .
People might not phone their own gran more than once a month , ' he added .
Meanwhile , Labour leader Iain Gray , MSP , said he was ' shocked and troubled ' by the case .
' These sad circumstances are a reminder to us all to make an effort to speak to our neighbours whenever we get the chance , especially those who are elderly and on their own , ' he added .
Malcolm Chisholm , Labour MSP for Ms Purves ' constituency of Edinburgh North and Leith , said : ' It is deeply disturbing that the body of an elderly person can lie undiscovered for five years .
' In the city of Edinburgh there is a great sense of community but with such a bustling sometimes transient population it is worthwhile and really important that young and old reach out and build those bridges . '
Edinburgh City Council confirmed it was contacted about a leak from the tenement but said Miss Purves was not a council tenant .
A spokesman for Lothian and Borders Police said : ' Police were called to an address in Rodney Street in Edinburgh on June 30 , after concerns were raised over an elderly resident .
' On entering the premises , officers discovered the body of a 90 - year - old woman .
There are no suspicious circumstances surrounding her death , and a report has been sent to the procurator fiscal . '
* Q. Hi Lynn I have a question I 'd like for you to look into when you have the time .
It 's about something Steven Greer ( a guy in ufology ) had said .
He ...
10 hours ago
And guess what ?
NO SCREENING , as many of the Republicans are doing for their town hall meetings , like Senator David ( I love prostitutes and wearing diapers ! ! )
Vitter ( R - LA ) .
Mr. Obama plans to hold the town - hall meetings Tuesday in Portsmouth , N.H. , Friday in Bozeman , Mont. , and Saturday in Grand Junction , Colo .
A White House official said participants would n't be screened to keep out opponents .
Mr. Obama , who has previously focused on cutting overall health spending , will now emphasize how the legislation would fix three specific problems , according to the White House official .
An overhaul would end the practice of denying insurance coverage to people with a pre-existing illness ; keep people from losing their coverage if they get sick ; and protect Americans who face high out - of - pocket medical costs , the official said Mr. Obama would say .
The White House has been upstaged in recent days by a series of congressional town - hall meetings that turned rowdy after attendees shouted questions about the president 's top domestic - policy priority .
The official said cabinet members and other advisers would be dispatched to echo the president 's message about fixing the three problems .
read more here ....
Halloween costumes and famous men have both been thrust in the spotlight for a much - needed modern evaluation .
This year , let us aim to not dress up as something offensive , or someone who has notably done offensive things .
Here , we bring you a list of men you can emulate that have yet to stir the pot of controversy on a large and offensive scale .
( And of course , we hope they do n't ever . )
These guys are fair game for your Halloween this season .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A block of cheese launched into the upper atmosphere on Tuesday has been found undamaged in Buckinghamshire .
The " interstellar cheddar " landed in Cressex - some 74 miles away - and was taken to High Wycombe police station on Wednesday night , the launch team said .
The wedge was still in one piece but the flight - recording camera had failed .
The helium pod's GPS system broke down soon after its launch to mark the Moon landing anniversary so the West Country Cheesemakers team lost track of it .
It was found in a garden and handed in to the police , the group said .
It had been attached to a weather balloon which was launched from Wiltshire 18.6 miles ( 30 km ) into the atmosphere .
I may try a bit to see if it has matured at high altitude
Dom Lane
The helium balloon carrying the payload had burst , indicating it had reached a considerable height in the upper atmosphere .
Dom Lane , of Shepton Mallet 's West Country Farmhouse Cheesemakers group told BBC News : " I am driving back from High Wycombe with the cheese now .
" I may try a bit to see if it has matured at high altitude and then it will probably go into a glass case at our production offices . "
He said the police were very helpful and highly amused at the whole operation .
Mr Lane said he had given the police a selection of farmhouse Cheddars to pass on to the anonymous woman who found the errant cheese .
" The whole exercise was a nice way to wave the flag for authentic Cheddar , " he said .
NEW YORK ( Nielsen Business Media ) - Some of the nation ’s biggest advertisers are distancing themselves from Fox News host Glenn Beck after he called President Obama a racist during a July 28 broadcast .
Geico has pulled its ads from Fox News Channel ’s “ The Glenn Beck Program . ”
Lawyers.com , which is owned by LexisNexis , also has vowed not to advertise during the program , according to Color of Change , an African - American online political organization that has been urging advertisers to stop supporting the show .
Additionally , Procter & Gamble , Progressive Insurance and SC Johnson all said their ad placements during the broadcast were made in error and that they would correct the mistake .
The controversy stems from Beck ’s comment that President Obama is a “ racist ” with “ a deep - seated hatred for white people . ”
Geico spent more than a half - billion dollars on ads last year , according to the Nielsen Co .
It spent more than a quarter - billion dollars in the first half of 2009 .
A Fox representative noted that Geico is dropping its ads from the show but was quick to note that it was shifting dollars to other programs .
“ The advertisers referenced have all moved their spots from Beck to other programs on the network , so there has been no revenue lost , ” the rep said .
Beck ’s show pulled in an average of slightly more than 2 million viewers for each of its 19 telecasts in July , according to Nielsen .
Progressive Insurance representative Cristy Cote said that there has been a lot of confusion surrounding the company ’s involvement with the program .
“ We had not bought advertising on the show in the first place , ” she said , “ so when we learned that our advertising had appeared on the show by mistake , we contacted the network to correct the error . ”
She said Progressive tries to “ avoid programing that we believe our customers and potential customers might find extremely offensive . ”
A Procter & Gamble representative echoed that sentiment : “ At times our ads are run by mistake on shows that they were not meant to ...
Any of our ads that ran did so by mistake , and we ’ll try to make sure that does n’t happen in the future . ”
( Editing by SheriLinden at Reuters )
As far as Angkor Wat temple go , Siem Reap ranks right at the top of its historical and cultural significance as well as global recognition .
Located 5.5 km north of the modern town of Siem Reap , Angkor Wat is the essence of the high classical style of Khmer architecture .
It has become a symbol of Cambodia country , where it appears on its national flag , and it is the country ’s prime attraction for international visitors .
In my opinion , the visit to Siem Reap will not be completed without going to Angkor Wat and vice versa .
Then there is Ta Prohm temple , a structure that ’s no less magnificent and is often attributed to Khmer King Jayavarman VII as a Mahayana Buddhist monastery and university .
Unlike most Angkorian temples , Ta Prohm has been left in much the same condition in which it was found , which is the picturesque and atmospheric combination of trees growing out of the ruins and the jungle surroundings have made it one of Angkor ’s most popular temples with visitors .
The architecture is as complex as any other Angkorian landmarks , if not more so ; the stones are placed at such precision and complex interlocking shaped that it is impossible to fit even a single piece of paper between them !
Said to be built by more than 1000 men , the Angkor Thom remained the capital of a kingdom in decline until it was abandoned some time prior to 1609 .
An early western visitor wrote of an uninhabited city of Angkor Thom as fantastic as the Atlantis which some people thought to have been built by the Roman Emperor .
During its time , the ancient city is believed to have sustained a population of about hundred twenty thousands of people .
Hope this info will inspire you to visit Siem Reap of Cambodia .
Do enjoy every inches of beautiful temple and nature sceneries in Siem Reap .
For more details on accommodation , food and tourist guide , please do visit Siem Reap Info Travel .
Images Resource : Flickr
Category : Arts and Culture , Headline , South East Asia , Travel
Rodrigo “ Comprido ” Medieros is one of the top Brazilian Jiu Jitsu players in the world .
Comprido is an instructor at FLO MMA in Palatine .
He plays a part in the success UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar has enjoyed .
In addition to working with highly regarded MMA trainers Erik Paulson and Greg Nelson , Lesnar ’s BJJ coach is none other than Comprido .
Watch this video to see how Brock prepared for his UFC 100 fight with Frank Mir .
It ’s interesting to listen to Comprido and Nelson discuss how they devised Lesnar ’s strategy , as well as their approach to developing his MMA skills .
Using Rsync
What is rsync ?
Rysnc helps you transfer data from one location to another in an efficient manner .
It is one of those tools that you learn to use and wonder how you lived without it .
Rsync is the de facto standard in backup solutions because of its flexibility and power .
Rsync checks each file and transfers only what has changed .
What does this mean exactly ?
Rsync will actually look and see what in the file has changed and upload only the part of the file that has changed .
Unlike ftp and other transfer solutions rsync does n’t simply re-upload the entire file .
The difference in the files are then compressed ( an optionally encrypted through ssh ) then sent so the transfer uses the minimal amount of bandwidth .
Rsync is often used by Amazon S3 users as they must pay for bandwidth .
When you are paying bandwidth bit by bit you ca n’t afford anything but rsync .
Rsync is Efficient but What Else Can it Do ?
As you can probably tell by the name rsync is really good at syncing files across a network .
If a file has changed it can detect the change and transfer only that change .
This makes rsync a perfect candidate for doing incremental backups or mirroring a website .
For example to mirror one folder to another you could do :
rsync –av / path / to / source /home/nixtutor/rsync/daily
You can also use the same technique to sync from one computer to another :
rsync –av / path / to/ source user@nixutor.com :/home/nixtutor/rsync/daily
By default this will only upload new files and changes but not delete or remove files that no longer exist .
To do this you can add the –delete flag .
This is rsync ’s way of protecting yourself from mirroring a blank directory .
rsync –av -- delete / path/to/source user@nixutor.com :/home/nixtutor/rsync/daily
Want to Sync Specific Files ?
In this example we only sync .iso files .
rsync - zrv -- include= " *.iso " host:/home/nixtutor /home /
Things to Keep in Mind
Rsync is powerful but unforgiving
Rsync follows the unix methodology , do one thing and do it well .
Thus it does n’t provide encryption only efficient file transferring .
Run rsync through SSH if you need encryption .
Rsync will not delete files that have been removed unless you supply the –delete flag .
Windows does n’t keep file modification times to better than two seconds .
Use the –modify - window =2 option to get around this when syncing to Windows file shares .
Most backup senarios can be done with rsync and cron .
For an example on how to create a daily weekly backup scheme check out , Use Rsync for Daily , Weekly and Full Monthly Backups .
Love it !
Truly you are a genious !
Btw I like really really believe in God .
In Early 1930 's era Italy air pirates , bounty hunters and high fliers of all sorts rule the skies .
The most cunning and skilled of these pilots is Porco Rosso .
A former Ace , he now makes a living flying contract jobs , such as rescuing those kidnapped by air pirates .
Donald Curtis , Porco 's rival in the air and in catching the affections of women , provides a constant challenge to the hero , culminating in a hilarious , action packed finale .
Written by Anonymous
Our Review
Bunni is an unusual and adorable game where you explore a series of islands , planting trees & flowers , harvesting goodies and trying to win the heart of a girl bunni .
Quite similar to the likes of Animal Crossing , this is an open - ended , quirky and cute game suitable for all .
Can you get married to the bunni of your dreams ?
Our Rating : 4.5 / 5
Description
Find love and adventure on the magical Island of Bunni !
Rebuild the island , plant trees and flowers , and collect a bustling village of adorable animals .
Can you marry your true love ?
Bunni is an ever evolving game .
In the coming months , we 'll be adding new quests and updating the game to keep users coming back for more .
What you see here is a solid start , but is just the beginning of a long lived project .
Instructions
- Press and hold the mouse button to move in a direction .
- Drag and drop bunnies onto buildings to put them to work .
- Drag and drop bunnies onto your character to make them follow you .
- Plant flowers so your bunnies do n't become hungry
- Harvest gold and wood to buy better items
Thanks for playing !
Now check out Thanks for playing !
Now check out Guild of Dungeoneering , a game I 'm making where you build the dungeon instead of controlling the hero !
\o/
Girl 's Refusal to Be Child Bride Inspires Nation 13 - year - old Rekha Kalindi becomes hero by refusing to be married .
JHALDA II , India , July 17 , 2009  --
She 's been called a leader and an icon , and her actions are considered revolutionary – all because 13 - year - old Rekha Kalindi refused to be married off and wanted to attend school instead .
That act of defiance has rippled through Rekha 's village and throughout India .
Because of her stubborn refusal to give in to her parents ' demands , other girls in the village have also balked at early marriages .
Rekha 's story gained national attention with India 's newspapers hailing her for accomplishing change that the India government was incapable of making .
She has become so popular that the president of India requested to meet her this past spring .
Rarely has parental disobedience been so richly praised .
Raised in one of India 's poorest village , Rekha has worked for most of her short life .
Like her father , she helped to support her family by rolling a type of cigarette called beedi .
Then two years ago , a government non-profit program plucked her from a life of child labor to enroll her in special school .
Along with learning the standard classes , Rekha and dozens of other former child laborers were also taught leadership skills .
The school , part of a UNICEF program , was free of charge so that families would not remove children from the program due to cost .
It was from these leadership classes that Rekha gained the strength to defy her family , her village and change her future .
And with this decision , she inspired a chain reaction among her friends and throughout her village .
Rekha is a slight girl - maybe 4 feet tall – with long dark hair loosely pulled back in a ponytail .
A huge smile appears when talks about school .
She fell in love with learning and excelled in her classes which is why she was devastated when her parents told her last year at the age of 12 that it was time for her to get married .
India 's Child Marriage Prohibition
Act makes it illegal for girls below the age of 18 and boys below 21 to marry , but the law is rarely enforced .
Child marriage is a tradition in many parts of India , partly because poor families no longer must provide for their married daughters .
Rekha 's village , Jhalda II , is a seven - hour drive from Kolkata and has one of India 's highest female illiteracy rates .
As is the fate of many girls here , Rekha 's parents pulled her from school after they began arrangements for the wedding .
No point in learning since she would soon be a bride .
" I felt very sad because my best friends were going to school , " said Rekha , speaking in Bengali through an interpreter .
" I was feeling very sad because I was captive in my home . "
So Rekha did the unthinkable .
She said " no . "
Her parents , shocked by her behavior , withheld her food for nearly two weeks .
Her mother , Manaka Kalindi , said she was angry that her daughter had defied her .
" Parents have rights to ( control ) their children , " she said .
Girl Refuses Child Marriage , Inspires Nation
Rekha remained defiant and enlisted help .
Her teachers , classmates and a government official moved by her determination , marched down the small dusty street to her parent 's home , asking them to reconsider .
Her parents , recognizing their child 's desires and the external pressures they had never previously experienced , finally conceded : Rekha would not marry .
More importantly , she would attend school .
" Being within that community and being from such a poor family , a tiny girl , is thinking of setting her own future and own destiny by her own will .
That is unthinkable previously , " said Prosenjit Kundu , Project Director of National Child Labor Project in Purulia .
Along with wanting to attend school , Rekha wanted to avoid early marriage because of the physical dangers involved in it .
Early marriage leads to early pregnancy , which leads to low birth rates and high rates of maternal mortality .
Rekha knows the dangers all too well : her older sister was married at the age of 11 , suffered four miscarriages and can no longer have children .
" Child marriage contributes largely to the incidences of maternal mortality , infant mortality , increases the fertility period of a woman and that leads to larger families , which again , in turn , leads to poverty , " explained Paramita Neogi , a child protection officer for UNICEF in Rekha 's state of West Bengal .
" When there [ is ] large number of children in the family , then a lot of children they do n't go to school , there 's no education , there 's low literacy level and that again leads to early marriage .
So it 's like a vicious cycle . "
Rekha has not only changed her fate , but also the cycle within her own family .
Her mother made the bold statement that her children will not suffer the fate of many villagers .
" I will send all of our daughters and sons to school and will give up the idea of early marriage for children altogether , " she said .
Rekha , a Young Civil Activist
Since returning to school , Rekha has also become civil activist .
She and her classmates - who also refused to become child brides – walk with her through the farming community and give lectures at community meetings urging other families to oppose child marriage .
And Rekha 's efforts are paying off .
In the past wedding season , there were no child marriages in her village .
Rekha shrugs off her notoriety .
" I 'm more interested in the action , " she said .
" We are confident that any marriage that is arranged , anyone who arranges marriage , I 'm ready to oppose the parents , along with the teachers and friends , to stop the marriage . "
Her small act of rebellion changed her life , her village and now , she hopes , will change an entire nation .
It has been awhile since my last wine review , so I decided a few days ago that I wanted to make the next one count .
For those of you who have followed my reviews , you may have noticed that I only write about wines that I love and want to share .
I do n’t review every bottle I open , just the special ones .
In these times of economic uncertainty ; well , let ’s be honest — more like economic apocalypse or castration — we need wine .
Specifically , we need red wine ; and Bordeaux blends , to be exact .
But those wines are expensive , from France and California .
But , I did recall a traditional Bordeaux - style blend from a new winery located in Napa called Joseph Carr .
Applying 25 years of knowledge , experience , and professional relationships in the wine business , Joseph Carr launched his winery in 2005 in the vein of a traditional French négociant , working with small estate wine growers and fellow winemakers to produce “ luxury value ” wines in both Bordeaux and Burgundy varietals .
This includes a Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot , Sauvignon Blanc , Chardonnay , and a Pinot Noir .
The Cabernet Sauvignon grapes were carefully selected and brought in from a number of prestigious Napa Valley vineyards know for producing some of the most stellar wines in California .
The list includes both Sycamore & Bosché of Freemark Abbey , Rutherford Bench , St Helena , Beckstoffer , Chateau Montelana , and Diamond Mountain .
A delicate blend of Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot , Petit Verdot , Cabernet Franc , and Syrah produce a phenomenal nose of black fruit ( both currant and berries ) , toasty vanillin oak , and prominent leather , smoke and earth .
Carey and I both agree the aromas of this wine absolutely ooze the characteristics of high - end Cabernet .
It instantaneously brought us straight back to the best tasting rooms of the Valley , specifically the amazing Cab offerings of Freemark Abbey , a Napa Valley pioneer .
The tannins in this wine are both soft and smooth , which compliment the smoke and leather perfectly .
The slightly dry , puckering mouth feel of many Cabernets is replaced with a round softness that never abandons that wonderful toasty vanilla .
This wine also looks stunning in the glass .
Its rich garnet color sparkles and looks proud to be swirled around and shown off .
The 2005 Joseph Carr Cabernet is very accessible online , as well as in some boutique wine stores .
It retails for about $ 18 and , in my opinion , easily competes against popular Cabernets at twice the price .
Enjoy !!!
- Rob
Knowledge workers make a living by dealing purely with ideas and information .
The term has only been around for 50 years .
Writer and management expert Peter Drucker first used knowledge worker in his 1959 book “ Landmarks of Tomorrow “ .
Drucker modestly said he was only the second person to use knowledge worker .
He said it came from Fritz Machlup a Princeton economist .
Either way , Drucker popularised knowledge worker spending years expanding on the original idea and its wider implications .
Today ’s knowledge worker
Knowledge worker is widely used today .
While people generally understand the term ’s meaning , there is still misunderstanding about its exact definition — even among knowledge workers .
Some think knowledge worker only applies to people working in information technology or people using tools created by IT workers .
IT workers are only a subset .
Anyone who makes a living out of creating , handling or spreading knowledge is a knowledge worker .
This covers a wide range .
Teachers , trainers , university professors and other academics are clearly included .
Writers , journalists , authors , editors and public relations or communications people are all knowledge workers .
Lawyers , scientists and management consultants can also all be described as knowledge workers .
Educated workers
One key difference between knowledge workers and other white - collar workers is the level of education and training .
Some knowledge workers do n’t have a formal tertiary education or high - level training – they are a minority .
As a rule , knowledge workers have at least a university undergraduate degree , but that ’s not always the case .
Older knowledge workers may have fewer formal qualifications .
That ’s partly because higher education was less available when they started out — and , anyway , university is n’t the only path to knowledge .
Another reason is practical experience counts for a lot .
But the key here is knowledge workers each have a personal knowledge store they apply in their work .
Employers pay knowledge workers well compared to other groups of workers .
Some knowledge workers join unions , but they are not usually organised in that sense .
This can lead to forms of genteel exploitation : few knowledge workers get paid overtime yet most are expected to voluntarily work for more than the basic 40 hours a week .
Knowledge skills are mobile
Knowledge workers are more mobile than industrial workers .
They can take their expertise elsewhere at the drop of a hat .
This happens all the time .
An employer who abuses knowledge workers ’ professionalism will see their most important assets walk out of the door .
This applies as much today as it did when there were more jobs around .
Few governments have come to terms with the implications of having a highly mobile , highly educated , knowledge workforce .
Just as knowledge workers can quickly find a new employer if necessary , most can move freely between countries .
Any nation that does n’t look after knowledge workers can expect – over the long - term – to lose them .
This applies in New Zealand , which operates a progressive income tax system that , at times , appears deliberately designed to alienate knowledge workers .
To understand this , compared the marginal and absolute rates of income tax paid by most New Zealand knowledge workers , they are noticeably higher than in most competing nations .
When I wrote the first draft of this post you could say the same about Australia .
Since then Australia has moved to correct its tax system and is attracting 40,000 New Zealanders each year , most of those emigrants could be classed as knowledge workers .
In the 1960s there was a lot of talk about a ‘ brain drain ‘ .
If anything the flow of knowledge workers migrating to more benign economies is accelerating .
Drucker distinguishes between various classes of knowledge worker .
High - knowledge workers include professional groups such as doctors and teachers deal mainly in the realm of the mind while the knowledge technologists work with their hands and brains in the IT industry , medicine and other areas .
Although both categories of knowledge worker are growing , the bulk of growth comes from this second group .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Vector graphics software … from 1963
JFK was in office , and yet the app Sketchpad ( from then - 25 - year - old Ivan Sutherland ) offered multitouch input , auto - correction of vector strokes , and even reusable symbols ( a la Flash , Illustrator , etc. ) .
Very cool :
Apparently Dr. Sutherland once employed –you guessed it –John Warnock , seen here introducing Adobe Illustrator in 1987 . [ Via ]
Posted by John Nack at 7:02 AM on August 18 , 2009
When our houses or offices get piled with clutter , much of the reason is procrastination .
We all procrastinate — let ’s just get that out in the open .
There ’s not a one of us who does n’t , to some degree .
But while our tasks and projects can pile up , giving us some anxiety , the clutter is a visual sign of that procrastination , and carries with it just as much anxiety .
When we put down an object , a piece of paper , an article of clothing , a stack of mail … and we leave it there , undealt with , saying that we ’ll put it away or deal with it later … that ’s procrastination .
Unfortunately , this piles up , accumulates over time , and then we ’re stuck with a mountain of clutter that ’s too overwhelming to deal with .
You ’ll need to deal with that mountain .
I ’ve shown you some methods .
Get it down to minimal , and enjoy that .
But once you ’ve dealt with the mountain , you need to stop it from happening again .
That ’s where beating your procrastination habits becomes so important .
When you ’re going to put something down , deal with it right now .
It only takes a few seconds .
How long does it take to put dirty clothes in the hamper , or hang up a shirt that ’s still clean ?
Like 15 seconds .
How long does it take to sort through some mail , opening the envelopes right there , setting aside a few bills to be paid , filing a couple things , tossing the rest ?
Three minutes .
How long does it take to put a book or magazine away ?
To put a piece of paper in the right file , or toss it ?
Seconds .
When you deal with things in tiny little bits like this , before they build up , it ’s easy .
Deal with them while they ’re easy so you do n’t have to deal with them when they ’re hard .
You 've heard of USB thumb drives , but you likely have not considered the real thing - a lost digit replaced by a USB Flash drive .
A Finnish programmer who lost his finger in a motorcycle accident has now replaced it with a prosthetic finger that has a USB drive built in .
Jerry Jalava can now peel back his " nail " and reveal a 2GB " finger drive " for storing photos , movies and software .
Jalava had his left ring finger amputated last summer after crashing into a deer with his motorbike near the Finnish capital Helsinky .
Given his profession as a computer programmer , the doctors treating him joked that he should have a USB " finger drive " and Jalava went for the idea .
Jerry Jalava 's 2GB USB finger looks like a normal finger , but it 's detachable and he leaves it inside his computer 's slot while using it .
The Finnish programmer plans to " upgrade " his finger in the future with one that has a removable fingertip , an RFID tag and more storage space .
This time , Jalava 's USB finger is not a hoax , unlike the story of the guy who surgically altered his thumbs two years ago for better use of his phone keyboard .
To refresh your memory , that guy whittled his thumbs several times so that he could type faster on his Blackberry and then iPhone -- and it proved to be just a PR stunt ( or more of a Flat Earth News worthy tale ) .
View Transcript
Transcript
Strategy Meeting Man says , " The weak economy is limiting our strategic options . "
Man says , " I wo n't sugarcoat anything . "
Man says , " Option one is a long slide to oblivion . "
Oblivion Man says , " Option two is a death spiral . "
Man says , " Our new company logo is a man getting sucked into a toilet . "
Man says , " Our revised mission statememnt is ' Forage during daylight .
Hide at night . ' "
Man says , " I 'll pass out clubs , and you can decide among yourselves how to downsize by fifty percent . "
Wally says , " Is it just me or was it better when they sugarcoated ? "
Of Government and Men
MySeries .
A new piece each Sunday .
Read them all to explore the nature of our government in the United States .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- The U.S. Coast Guard promised a " thorough review " Friday after a training exercise intended to have been " normal " and " low profile " wound up instead triggering concerns about the security of the president on the anniversary of the September 11 attacks .
U.S. Coast Guard vessels participate in a training exercise Friday on the Potomac River .
" We are going to take a good , hard look at what we did here today and ensure that , if we need to modify procedures , if we need to modify communications , we will do so in the future , " Vice Adm. John Currier of the Coast Guard said .
The incident began shortly before 10 a.m. , when CNN journalists monitoring video from a Washington TV station saw Coast Guard vessels apparently trying to keep another vessel from passing .
The Coast Guard vessels were moving rapidly in the water as the president 's motorcade drove on the nearby Memorial Bridge , after a September 11 commemoration event at the Pentagon .
In a Coast Guard radio transmission audible over police scanners monitored by CNN , a voice could be heard saying , " You 're approaching a Coast Guard security zone .
...
If you do n't stop your vessel , you will be fired upon .
Stop your vessel immediately . "
Later , someone could be heard saying " bang , bang , bang , bang " and " we have expended 10 rounds . "
CNN called the Coast Guard immediately after the initial reports suggesting possible trouble in the water ; a spokeswoman said she had no information about activity in that area .
Over the next 20 to 25 minutes , CNN made several phone calls and sent several e-mails to the USCG spokeswoman , asking for information .
The spokeswoman said she was attempting to get information but was not able to get any .
After CNN heard the radio transmission saying 10 rounds had been expended , CNN went to air with the story .
At 10:23 a.m. ET , after CNN had aired its initial report , the spokeswoman said that she had heard the incident may have been an exercise but that she did not know the source of that information .
At 11:09 a.m. , CNN received a Coast Guard e-mail confirming that it was a training exercise .
The Coast Guard said that a training frequency had been used for communication .
Currier said that such radio transmissions generally begin with an announcement that they are training exercises but added that he did not know whether that was done in this case .
Watch as Currier describes a " normal training exercise " »
Officials said that no shots were fired and that the radio announcements were a standard part of the exercise .
Do n't Miss Obama lays wreath to mark Pentagon attack
Other agencies , including the Secret Service , which protects the president , had not been notified of the exercise in advance .
The Secret Service said Obama had returned to the White House by the time reports surfaced of possible shots fired in the area .
Watch how the exercise on the Potomac stirs up commotion »
Federal agency emergency operations centers were neither aware of nor notified about the exercise and began implementing response procedures as though it had been a real event , a federal source said .
The report led officials at Reagan National Airport to ground flights from 10:08 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. , said Diane Spitaliere of the Federal Aviation Administration .
The FBI , upon hearing media reports , dispatched agents who had reached the water 's edge before they learned from other law enforcement agencies that the incident was an exercise , said Supervisory Special Agent Katherine Schweit , a spokeswoman for the Washington Field Office .
The Metropolitan Police Department Harbor Patrol , which is responsible for patrolling the Potomac , was not notified either , law enforcement sources in Washington said .
The patrol has now demanded that the Coast Guard notify it in before carrying out any training exercises on the Potomac , the sources said .
Currier said such exercises take place four times a week , and other agencies are generally not informed .
Sen . George Voinovich , R - Ohio , was critical of the way the exercise was handled .
" The anxiety caused by this situation on such a solemn day is extremely disturbing , " he said in a statement , adding that he would like to hear from Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
" It sounds very much like the left hand did n't know what the right hand was doing . "
Military Families United , an advocacy group , called for an investigation .
The incident was " at the height of irresponsibility , " the group said in a statement , adding that whoever commissioned it " should be held accountable . "
" These families have traveled from all over the country to convene at the Pentagon on this tragic anniversary , and this training exercise not only caused unwarranted stress for these families but it was a distraction from the purpose of today .
...
This kind of incompetence and insensitivity cannot be permissible and should be addressed at the highest levels of government . "
Frances Townsend , a CNN contributor and homeland security adviser under former President George W. Bush , called the incident an act of " felony stupidity . "
The Coast Guard said in its statement , " The best way that we in the Coast Guard can remember September 11 and our security obligations to the nation is to be always ready and this requires constant training and exercise .
To ensure the appropriate readiness posture we conduct training scenarios across the nation on a daily basis . "
Asked whether the Coast Guard 's action was appropriate , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said , " That 's a decision that 's made by the Coast Guard . "
He said he saw no parallels to an incident in April , when a plane resembling Air Force
One flew low over New York as part of a government - sanctioned promotional photo shoot .
The incident triggered security fears and angered the White House .
Regarding Friday 's incident , Gibbs instead criticized the media -- specifically CNN , which reported the incident as it was unfolding .
" I think , it appears as if a lot of this might have been avoided , " he said , referring to what was " on television . "
Expressing frustration , he said to a CNN correspondent , " It 's not directed at you , just writ large at CNN . "
" If anybody was unnecessarily alarmed based on erroneous reporting that denoted that shots had been fired , I think everybody is , uh , everybody is apologetic of that , " Gibbs said .
In a statement , CNN said , " Given the circumstances , it would have been irresponsible not to report on what we were hearing and seeing .
As with any breaking news story , information is often fluid , and CNN updated the story with the official explanation from the Coast Guard as soon as it was provided . "
All About U.S. Coast Guard • Potomac River
Full Cycle Energy Joins Race for Non-Platinum Fuel Cells
August 23rd , 2009 by Tina Casey
[ social_buttons ]
The California startup Full Cycle Energy is on a roll , hopscotching over its own platinum nanotube - based fuel cell to develop a new fuel cell that ditches platinum entirely .
The implications for widescale adoption of sustainable fuel cells are huge , because until now platinum has been a major stumbling block .
Platinum is the go - to material to make fuel cell catalysts , but its high cost and finite availability have limited the potential for fuel cells to break into the mass market – until now .
Full Cycle Energy is one among a number of companies experimenting with new alternatives to platinum that could make fuel cells significantly more affordable in the future .
Fuel Cells and Platinum
In most fuel cells , platinum is the catalyst that splits hydrogen into ions and electrons .
It is used as a coating on two electrodes .
A membrane between the electrodes conducts the ions from one side to the other , generating an electric current .
But platinum has already hit a wall in terms of both price and availability .
It recently peaked at over $ 2000 per ounce compared to $ 2 - $ 12 for alternative metals in development like nickel , iron and silver .
According to Professor Doug MacFarlane of Australia ’s Monash University , even if the price comes down there is a supply problem , as currently the global production of platinum would barely supply 1/20 of global vehicle production with raw materials for fuel cells .
Full Cycle Energy and Platinum
Full Cycle Energy is meeting the platinum challenge at both ends .
The company is already licensed to commercialize a platinum - coated carbon nanotube fuel cell catalyst , PtNT , which is estimated to cut the cost of conventional platinum fuel cells by two - thirds while improving durability tenfold .
The breakthrough discovery was made by Professor Yushan Yan , chairman of the Chemical and Environmental Engineering Department at the University of California , Riverside .
Professor
Yan and his team are also behind the new non-platinum technology , which has also been licensed to Full Cycle Energy for commercialization .
Professor
Yan substituted a high performance alkaline membrane for the acidic medium used in conventional platinum fuel cells , enabling the use of less expensive metals instead of platinum .
The new technology has another key advantage : it can be used with a variety of fuels in addition to hydrogen , potentially including sustainable and biodegradable fuels .
The Future of Non-Platinum Fuel Cells
Professor Yan and Full Cycle Energy are just two key players in the race to develop more sustainable , efficient , durable , and affordable fuel cells that use little if any platinum .
A team that includes Brookhaven National Laboratory and Washington University in St. Louis has designed a nanostructured fuel cell using platinum and palladium , Japan ’s Daihatsu has been working on an alkali - based fuel cell , Oxford University researchers have discovered an enzyme found in mushrooms that has a catalytic performance equal to platinum , the company Lilliputian is developing a ceramic membrane that eliminates the need for platinum , and researchers at the aforementioned Monash University are even using the breathable fabric developed by Goretex in a platinum - free fuel cell .
Image : Field ion microscope image of platinum by mdxdt on flickr.com .
Each bright spot is a platinum atom .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
In my hometown of Toronto , Michael Pollan is a hipster gOD .
His mantra to Eat food .
Not too much .
Mostly plants .
is spoken with reverence by those Torontonians with a social conscience and enough disposable income to live organic , green and sustainable .
And it is n’t only Toronto .
From what I have heard , this new breed of Agri-Intellectuals can be found in every city in North America and beyond .
In fact , according to the most recent census data , Agri-Intellectuals are America ’s fastest growing ethnic population .
And that ’s great for Michael Pollan ’s book sales .
But , not so great for conventional farmers .
And they ’re starting to get a little pissed off .
This past July , farmer Blake Hurst penned this article .
In the article , Mr Hurst disputes a number of the anti-Big Ag arguments raised by Michael Pollan and other Agri-Intellectual deities .
He reminds us that “ farming has always been messy and painful , and bloody and dirty .
It still is .
This is something the critics of industrial farming never seem to understand ” .
He goes on to say that “ farmers have reasons for their actions , and society should listen to them as we embark upon this reappraisal of our agricultural system .
“ I use chemicals and diesel fuel to accomplish the tasks my grandfather used to do with sweat , and I use a computer instead of a lined notebook and a pencil , but I ’m still farming the same land he did 80 years ago , and the fund of knowledge that our family has accumulated about our small part of Missouri is valuable ” .
And everything I know and I have learned tells me this : we have to farm “ industrially ” to feed the world , and by using those “ industrial ” tools sensibly , we can accomplish that task and leave my grandchildren a prosperous and productive farm , while protecting the land , water , and air around us ” .
Please note that this is only a small portion of the article .
Please read the rest .
And when you do read the article , keep in mind that way back in 1995 , farmer Hurst asked congress to end crop subsidies .
At that time , Hurst was quoted as saying that “ government farm programs have fleeced taxpayers and stifled farmers ’ ingenuity and profits ” .
This is not a man content to sit back and let the government nor the Agri-Intellectuals tell him how to do his job .
And he ’s not alone .
Last Thursday , Michael Pollan was invited to speak about his book , In Defense of Food to an audience of 8000 at the U of Wisconsin .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
Amongst that 8000 were 200 In Defense of Farming protesters .
Luckily , it was all very …civilized .
Dammit .
( media hates civilized protests )
On Friday , the protest continued when the U of W held a panel discussion involving Pollan , a U of W student and two farmers .
I can’t find any video of the event , but according to this review of the panel discussion , the U of W student took the position of Big Ag and went right at Pollan .
She covered the typical Big Ag talking points :
America has the safest , most abundant food supply in the world .
Global food production needs to double by 2050 if we are going to feed everyone .
She said that 99 % of Wisconsin ’s farmers are family farmers .
And she called Pollan “ polarizing ”
Pollan responded by :
commending one of the farmers on his innovations and said that he would love to come and visit his farm .
saying that he does n’t think the world should have only one type of farming .
He used the phrase “ Let a hundred flowers bloom , ” meaning : the more diversity in farming , the better .
Let ’s try everything and only through that will we see what works best .
Pollan went on to say that critique is not necessarily a bad thing , and it ’s not necessarily an attack .
He said that he ’s critiquing the system , not the farmers , and he made the analogy that in our national critique of the health care system , we are n’t criticizing the doctors .
He said that in fact , much of his critique is directed at the people who buy the food from the farmers and process it before selling it to the consumer .
He also said that the interests of agribusiness is often at odds with the interest of farmers .
In fact , agribusiness exploits farmers and squeezes them off the land .
Conclusion
North American food production is becoming an even more important topic as we attempt to climb out of the global recession and hope to reverse current trends in obesity and healthcare .
Now if only the policymakers can act half as civilized as Michael Pollan & the folks from In Defense of Farmers .
.
If you like what you see here , click here for updates
.
Related Posts
As I follow up to my post Sunday , Health Care Spending and PCE , here is an animation of the U.S population distribution , by age , from 1950 through 2050 .
The population data and estimates are from the Census Bureau .
Note : the third graph ( link ) is a Dynamic Population Pyramid of the same data from the Census Bureau .
Watch for the original baby bust preceding the baby boom .
Those are the people currently in retirement .
With the original baby bust now at the age of peak health care expenses , these are the best of times ( from a demographics perspective ) for health care .
Animation updates every 2 seconds .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
The second graph is from the Department of Health & Human Services .
Although it would be interesting to break down health care expense by more age groups - this graph does shows that health care expenses are almost three times higher for those over 65 than those under 65 .
So - in the first graph - as the baby boomers move into the last 4 columns , the health care expenses will rise sharply .
And from the Census Bureau : Dynamic Population Pyramid ( 1950 - 2050 ) ( note : Iframe version removed - Census Bureau site was slowing down ) Super cool graph .
The first graph is in percentages , the one from the Census Bureau is in actual numbers .
For you Harold and Maude fans , there will be a lot of older women in 2050 .
Every town has an Elm Street , and Denver is no exception .
The man of your dreams crosses paths with the boys in gray -- who will win the battle for 1980 's supremecy ?
LegalZoom ’s top five areas of incorporation , he says , are real estate , consulting , Internet ( including electronic commerce ) , retail , and construction and contractors .
Image Lynn Zuckerman Gray , at a meeting in a park in New York , lost her job and started a recruiting company called Campus Scout .
Credit ... Ruby Washington / The New York Times
To be sure , a vast majority of corporate workers who have been laid off since December 2007 have sought another corporate job .
After all , starting a business in the worst downturn in decades seems especially risky .
Only two - thirds of new small businesses survive at least two years , according to the Small Business Administration .
That survival rate falls to 44 percent at four years , and to 31 percent at seven .
The silver lining may be that the survival rate is about the same in expansions and recessions , says Dane Stangler , senior analyst at Kauffman .
WHILE the Internet has made the formation process quick and inexpensive  papers can be filed with LegalZoom , for example , for $ 149 in addition to state filing fees  the costs of owning a business add up quickly .
There are state and local taxes and fees , insurance , salaries and contract pay , overhead , inventory and the like .
And these days , lenders are none too generous when it comes to forking over money to new businesses .
These factors , combined with the lack of a steady paycheck , often - inadequate health insurance and the sheer emotional stress of being unemployed , may prevent many people from setting out on their own .
But research on what is known as post - traumatic growth has found that some people become more resilient when faced with adversity , says Shawn Achor , a Harvard researcher .
Creativity surges , he says , as they adapt to a new situation .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. researchers said on Thursday they have found a way to make large - scale flexible display screens that can be stretched to fit the contours of a bus yet are transparent enough so riders can see out windows .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
The thin , light screens might be used to make brake light indicators that follow the contours of a car , or health monitors or imaging devices that wrap around a patient like a blanket , said John Rogers of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , whose study appears in the journal Science .
He said the large display screens combine the scale and durability of light - emitting diodes , or LED technology , used to make flat , lighted billboards , with the flexibility of screens made using organic -- carbon - containing -- materials .
“ If you look at these giant billboard displays along the road side , those are made out of inorganic light emitting diodes ( LEDs ) .
Our feeling is those systems are quite impressive , ” Rogers said in a telephone interview .
“ The question became is it possible to take that technology and use it in a non-billboard format . ”
Rogers said current technology using inorganic materials produces chunky individual LED lights that need to be arranged piecemeal with a robotic arm .
Screens made using organic materials can be sprayed or painted onto a film surface , but they are not as bright or durable , he said .
To solve this challenge , researchers built their LEDs on a thin layer of film later dissolved by a chemical and then affixed tiny plastic tabs on two corners to ensure the LEDs did not wash away in the chemical bath .
The team used a special stamping technology to deposit and assemble the inorganic LEDs onto glass , plastic or rubber surfaces .
The system works much like a rubber stamp and ink pad , using the LEDs as ink .
“ The new approach can lift large numbers of small , thin LEDs from the wafer in one step , and then print them onto a substrate in another step , ” Rogers said .
The LEDs can be interconnected and wired with a conventional process used to wire computer chips , he added .
And because LEDs can be placed far apart and still provide enough light , the panels and displays can be nearly transparent .
“ We can put them on a strip of plastic and make brake lights , ” said Rogers , who noted that the project was initially funded in part by Ford Motor Co , which was looking for a way to make brake lights that can follow the contour of a car .
The National Science Foundation and the U.S. Department of Energy also funded the project .
Matt asks this question and the answers in his comments section cite sugar policy and the VAT .
( Matt 's comment , at # 62 , is the best of the lot . )
USA
Coke also competes with free tap water , which is a no - no in Deutschland .
Here is a German site , GuteFrage.net , which asks " Wieso ist Coca - Cola so teuer ? " but the answers do not impress .
Here is further German language discussion but again Armen Alchian it ain't .
This German Yahoo post considers the marginal cost of production .
I am more inclined to cite the elasticity of demand .
Here in the US of A people will drink three or four cokes in a row , maybe more .
Or they will buy many cans of coke for the whole family along with hot dogs , Twinkies , Hellmann 's mayonnaise , and other utility - maximizing commodities .
But those high - volume strategies require a fairly low price .
I have n't lived in Germany for over twenty years , but my impression at the time was that you would drink one coke at a main meal with your food and that was it .
( You also did n't get very much in the Glas , but that 's another story . )
They 're were n't aiming for volume sales by lowering the price , so instead they would focus on the upper left part of the demand curve .
I do n't know if Matt is referring to restaurants or vending machines .
In restaurants drink prices are arguably a proxy for enjoying the amenities , the table and the service of the wait staff .
If the wait staff have higher wages and benefits , due to European labor market regulation , the drink price might be reflecting that higher marginal cost , even if the MC of the drink itself is low relative to price .
People , can you help out on this one ?
The recession  with its yawning gap between the bonus class on the one hand and the foreclosed upon and newly jobless on the other  is changing that .
It ’s not merely that Americans have , at least temporarily , abandoned the hope that they ’ll earn scads of money .
It ’s the widespread sense that winners in this economy are produced by a game that ’s rigged .
Which is why the response to last week ’s earnings bonanza has been a mix of , among other things , bafflement and anger .
If these companies can return to the festivities so quickly , were they really having the near - death experience they and the government claimed ?
And if taxpayers risked their money when they backstopped Wall Street ’s misadventures , why are n’t they sharing in the upside now that the party has started again ?
And did these companies have the time to rethink the risk culture that landed us in this jam in the first place ?
In private , Wall Street executives have questions of their own .
Like , wait a sec  is n’t returning to profitability exactly what you wanted us to do ?
And if the nation ’s circulatory system of money is beginning to flow again , is n’t that good news ?
Oh and by the way , we are paying you back .
It ’s telling that from politicians , there ’s been mostly silence .
Neither Representative Barney Frank nor Senator Chris Dodd  respectively , the Democrats who lead the House and Senate committees that handle banks  issued press releases about those earnings last week , according members of their staffs .
Neither returned a call for this article .
The Obama administration , meanwhile , sounded like it was searching for the seam between cautious optimism and cautious skepticism .
Mr. Obama ’s press secretary , Robert Gibbs , was quoted in Time magazine saying that “ the president continues to have concerns that compensation will be based on risky behavior instead of performance . ”
But class resentment can be a powerful tool in politics , and you do n’t need to stoke it explicitly to enjoy its upsides .
House Democrats have proposed a 5.4 percent surtax on those earning more than $ 1 million as a means of underwriting health care reform .
Whatever the wisdom of this idea , it is easier to imagine it catching on now that Goldman has posted its largest quarterly profit in 140 years  enough to set aside more than $ 11 billion for bonuses , with the year only half over .
Three out of four Brits would happily hand over their civil liberties in exchange for better security against terrorist attacks , according figures from pollsters ICM .
It is interesting to note that this is the same general public that rails against any attempts to make them drive more slowly , or with more care .
This is in spite of the fact that in 2004 , 671 pedestrians were killed in traffic accidents , and a further 2,550 people died in other road accidents .
The ICM / Guardian - backed survey found that 73 per cent of Brits overall support a trade - off between liberty and security .
Tory voters are even keener than average to do so , with 79 per cent of respond ants backing the idea .
Labour voters and Lib Dems came in at 72 per cent and 70 per cent in favour , respectively .
Further , 62 per cent of respondents were in favour of deporting foreign radical Islamists , even if that deportation was to a country that used torture .
Only 19 per cent directly opposed this idea .
Similarly only 19 per cent opposed calls for terror suspects to be held for three months without charge , with 62 per cent welcoming the proposal .
Currently , the upper limit is 14 days .
However , the poll also revealed that a sizeable minority was still in favour of having an independent judiciary .
Although 52 per cent of those polled said judges should not be able to rule against government measures , 40 per cent said they agreed that judges should " protect our civil liberty and continue to overturn anti-terrorist measures if they feel it is right to do so " .
A spokesman for Liberty told The Guardian that the results of the poll were a cause for concern , but cautioned against knee jerk legislation .
He added that people would realise that defending our basic values would be a better way to protect our society , rather than passing " counterproductive " and " superficially attractive " security measures . ®
