SEGA has announced Sonic 4 : Episode I . It is , as GameSpot reports , a 2D downloadable game with 3D visuals .
Advertisement
The announcement is part of the Project Needlemouse build up SEGA has been pushing since last September 2009 .
" Needlemouse " refers to Sonic 's codename when the game that would become Sonic The Hedgehog was initially being pitched .
While teasing this Project Needlemouse project , SEGA has stated that the game is a return to Sonic 's 2D roots and that the blue hedgehog will be the only playable character .
Advertisement
The game will pick up after Sonic & Knucles , but , as " Episode I " indicates , this is a new story arc .
When asked if this means the title is episodic , associate brand manager Ken Balough told GameSpot : " As mentioned , I think the best way to view it is as a first part in a much larger adventure .
When Sega released Sonic 3 , ultimately it was the part 1 of a story that saw its conclusion in Sonic & Knuckles .
In that same spirit , Sonic the Hedgehog 4 is a bigger story , and this is that first chapter .
I think it 's also safe to say that by the end of the episode one , fans will be very excited to see what 's in store for episode two ! "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So that 's a " yes " to episodic Sonic ?
The game will feature traditional Sonic mechanics like spin dash , power sneakers and whatnot , but also an added " homing attack " .
Advertisement
Sonic 4 : Episode I will be heading to the PSN , Xbox LIVE Arcade and WiiWare this summer .
It 's possible to use motion control with the Wii version and SIXAXIS controls with the PS3 version .
Click to view
Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Episode 1 Q&A [ GameSpot ]
Dutch officials have reacted with anger and bemusement to the claim by a retired American general that their nation ’s soldiers failed to prevent the Srebrenica massacre in 1995 in part because the presence of gay troops in the Dutch military had depleted the force ’s morale .
On Thursday in Washington , John Sheehan , a former Marine general , told the Senate Armed Services Committee that he was against allowing openly gay men and women to serve in the American military , in part because of what he said was the example of European armed forces that had been changed “ to reflect societies that they are theoretically paid to protect . ”
General Sheehan said that after the Dutch military allowed troops to be represented by unions and accepted “ open homosexuality , ” its fighting spirit was weakened .
The retired general said :
That led to a force that was ill - equipped to go to war .
The case in point that I ’m referring to is when the Dutch were required to defend Srebrenica against the Serbs .
The battalion was under - strength , poorly led , and the Serbs came into town , handcuffed the soldiers to the telephone poles , marched the Muslims off , and executed them .
That was the largest massacre in Europe since World War II .
Asked by Carl Levin , the committee ’s chairman , if Dutch military officials had told him that Srebrenica was allowed to fall “ because there were gay soldiers there , ” General Sheehan said : “ Yes .
They included that as part of the problem . ”
As my colleague David Rohde has documented in his book , “ Endgame : The Betrayal and Fall of Srebrenica , ” the small force of 450 lightly - armed Dutch peacekeepers tasked with defending the enclave by the United Nations was simply not equipped to repel the invading Bosnian Serb Army .
When the Serb commander , Gen. Ratko Mladic , led an attack on Srebrenica in July 1995 , the Dutch repeatedly requested that their NATO colleagues use airstrikes to keep that force at bay .
That close air support failed to come in time to prevent the Serbs from taking control of the town and eventually killing more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys .
Mr. Rohde explained that when the United Nations voted to declare Srebrenica and five other Bosnian towns “ safe areas ” in 1993 , the United States and other countries that supported the resolution failed to agree to send enough troops to police the towns .
The United Nations estimated that it would take a force of 34,000 soldiers to protect the civilian populations of Srebrenica and the other towns that were completely surrounded by Bosnian Serb positions .
Only 7,600 troops were divided among the six towns .
Dutch television reported that when he was pressed to name a source in the Dutch military , General Sheehan said that he was basing his remarks on what someone named “ Hankman Berman ” had told him .
The Dutch Defense Ministry guessed that this was a reference to Gen .
Henk van den Breemen , the country ’s former chief of defense staff .
On Friday the ministry issued a statement saying that General van den Breemen , now retired , called this “ absolute nonsense , ” since he did not believe that the presence of gay troops had anything to do with what happened at Srebrenica and had never said any such thing .
Soon after the hearing , the Dutch ambassador to the United States , Renée Jones - Bos , said that she “ could n’t disagree more , ” in a statement posted on her embassy ’s Web site .
The ambassador added :
The military mission of Dutch U.N. soldiers at Srebrenica has been exhaustively studied and evaluated , nationally and internationally .
There is nothing in these reports that suggests any relationship between gays serving in the military and the mass murder of Bosnian Muslims .
On Friday , Dutch radio noted that “ among all the introspection and adjustments made in the wake of Srebrenica , the issue of homosexuality never came up . ”
The Dutch defense minister , Eimert van Middelkoop , added that the comments were , “ scandalous and unbefitting a soldier . ”
Maxime Verhagen , the Dutch foreign minister , chimed in on Twitter , calling the explanation of what happened at Srebrenica “ extremely strange . ”
Jan Kleian , the head of the Dutch military union ACOM , told Dutch television , “ That man is just crazy . ”
He added , “ That sounds harsh , but what else can I say , because it is complete nonsense . ”
According to Radio Netherlands :
Gays have been allowed to serve in the Dutch army since 1974 .
Before that , there were gays in the military under a version of the ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ policy .
Today , about 7 to 10 percent of the soldiers serving in the Dutch military are homosexual .
It is unclear if General Sheehan ’s comments will carry much weight with the Senate committee .
Before and after he left the military , the former Marine general had a history of making what might be called intemperate remarks on a range of subjects .
In the 1980s General Sheehan ’s complaints about plans by the Army that seemed to him to be akin to “ building another Marine Corps ” led to a Congressional hearing .
In 2007 , when he turned down an offer to oversee the American efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan , he told The Washington Post , “ Rather than go over there , develop an ulcer and eventually leave , I said , ‘ No , thanks . ' ”
As Politico reported , in an appearance before the same Senate committee this week on a different matter , Gen. David H. Petraeus , the head of the United States Central Command , refused to be drawn into making a simple statement either for or against the idea of changing the current policy on gays in the American military .
General Petraeus , said “ This is not a sound - bite issue , ” and asked if he could have eight minutes to read a prepared statement with his thoughts on the policy .
Since the committee only offered the general six minutes , and he declined to speed - read his statement , his full views are not yet part of the public record , but he did tell the committee , “ I believe the time has come to consider a change to ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ' ”
December 11 , 2009
Chris Williams looks at the destructive impact of the proposed agreement on climate change being debated at the United Nations conference in Copenhagen .
" WE HAVE reached the deadline and there is no going back .
Now is the time to capture the moment and conclude a truly ambitious global deal .
This is our chance .
If we miss this opportunity , we will not get a better one . "
So said Connie Hedegaard -- former Danish climate minister and president of the two - week climate summit in Copenhagen -- on December 7 .
One wonders if the " ambitious global deal " she was thinking of was the one leaked to the Guardian newspaper one day later that revealed the extent of backroom deals already being concocted by her own government , the U.S. and the UK .
The document sets out a plan to squeeze developing countries by shifting the costs of moving to a low - carbon future disproportionately onto the countries of the Global South , those least responsible for causing the problem in the first place .
Not only that , but the draft proposal ices out UN oversight of any future treaty in favor of that well - known paradigm of environmental responsibility , the World Bank .
In other words , the bandits who have robbed the South blind for 400 years -- and have created the climate crisis over the last 250 - - now want to enshrine banditry into the treaty to save the planet .
Meanwhile , Australian climate ambassador Louise Hand declared that " Copenhagen ca n't be a business - as - usual outcome . "
Perhaps she missed the vote , but this is precisely what representatives of her own parliament just voted for -- by refusing to pass legislation that would have set binding targets for emissions control through the so - called cap and trade scheme .
At the other end of the power spectrum , the tiny nation of Tuvalu , a collection of nine small islands in the South Pacific - - a country unlikely to have a very long future if climate change continues along its same course -- brought the conference to a rancorous halt with a desperate plea for a binding agreement .
Ian Fry , an official with Tuvalu's Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment , said that the talks should end December 18 with a new set of commitments under the Kyoto Protocol , the 1997 agreement that was aimed at reducing greenhouse gases , plus another agreement that finally includes the U.S. , which is not part of Kyoto .
" Being one of the most vulnerable countries in the world , our future rests on the outcome of this meeting , " Fry said .
" We are here to seal the deal .
We are here to commit to a legally binding agreement that will guarantee the future of Tuvalu and the future of millions of people around the world ... The time for procrastination is over .
It is time to deliver . "
Unfortunately for the 10,000 Tuvaluans , the people who are busily making decisions about their destiny have shown themselves completely uninterested in their fate -- or that of much of the rest of the planet .
Members of the U.S. delegation in Copenhagen have already made it abundantly clear that they will refuse any deal that looks even remotely like Kyoto .
Further , U.S. delegate will oppose any agreement that does n't load responsibilities onto developing countries , particularly China and India .
Todd Stern , the top State Department climate envoy , said immediately after arriving in Copenhagen that President Barack Obama has no plans to sign onto the 1997 Kyoto accord .
The only parts of Kyoto that the U.S. would consider incorporating into a new treaty are the use of offsets and market - based trading systems , measures that have proven ineffectual -- except at making money for carbon traders .
" We 're not going to do Kyoto , and we 're not going to do something that 's Kyoto with another name , " said Stern .
SO WHY has Copenhagen collapsed in fractious recriminations even before the conference has truly begun -- even before tens of thousands of protesters turned out for demonstrations planned to start this weekend ?
It was an outcome fully predicted by Michael Levi , senior fellow for energy and the environment at the Council on Foreign Relations , in an article he wrote for the September - October issue of the journal Foreign Affairs , a mouthpiece for the more forward - thinking sections of the U.S. ruling class .
Levi gave a succinct picture of what to expect due to the competing imperial interests at play in Copenhagen :
The odds of signing a comprehensive treaty in December are vanishingly small .
And even reaching such a deal the following year would be an extraordinary challenge , given the domestic political constraints in Washington and in other capitals that make such an agreement difficult to negotiate and ratify .
Even were a deal to be struck , Levi adds that a global agreement on paper is " only half the problem . "
That 's because there 's no international ability for enforcement :
Even a blockbuster deal in which every country signed up to binding emissions caps would come nowhere near close to guaranteeing success , since the world has few useful options for enforcing commitments to slash emissions short of punitive trade sanctions or similarly unpalatable penalties .
A comprehensive international treaty that actually addresses the issue of climate change and will lead to meaningful and swift reductions in carbon dioxide emissions is , in fact , impossible for several structural and systemic reasons .
First , all countries are beholden to a world economy that essentially revolves around a single natural resource : oil .
No capitalist entity , nor the individual nation - states that facilitate their global operations , can walk away from $ 13 trillion in investments that are tied directly to the oil extraction industry .
It is n't just about oil , but all of the associated industries and infrastructure that have been built up over the last 100 years of global economic development .
All of the car and truck companies , road and pipeline construction corporations , the asphalt , rubber , electricity , fertilizer and petrochemical companies , and steel manufacturers are inseparably connected to fossil - fuel extraction and refining .
The location and growth of large cities and ports the world over are completely bound up with the oil industry .
What 's more , nine of the 10 largest corporations on earth , with turnover in the hundreds of billions of dollars , make their money from oil - related activities .
To cut the oil - lubricated umbilical cord is to sever their relationship to profit , with catastrophic consequences for the parent company .
To drag down even one of these companies is unthinkable .
Look at how the Obama administration bailed out the Detroit auto companies -- rather than nationalize them and force them to reorganize and manufacture useful and more environmentally friendly products like wind turbines and trains .
These oil corporations and the politicians they bankroll , therefore , prefer to mortgage the long - term future of the planet to some amorphous hope in market - based solutions such as carbon trading .
They want to pump money into so - called " clean coal , " revive supposedly " environmentally friendly " nuclear power and develop socially and ecologically destructive agro-fuels like ethanol .
While none of these measures offer a real solution to climate change , business prefers to pursue them rather than seriously contemplate the demise of short - term corporate profits -- even if , in the long run , they manage to turn the planet into a sun-ravaged hothouse .
IF BUSINESS is determined to pursue short - term profits at the cost of long - term ecocide , than governments will be compelled to support those efforts .
Each country has to protect and , where possible , extend the influence and competitive advantage of its own national corporations .
Every political , economic , military and diplomatic lever must be pulled to further those interests .
This dynamic naturally pits nation against nation as they squabble over the details and thrash out compromises based on the balance of world power , rather than a rational and objective appraisal of what 's needed .
The Copenhagen conference is no different .
The UN meeting and similar international conferences merely represent the neutral gathering points for each round of arm - twisting .
National emissaries will maneuver to consolidate old positions of power , or secure new ground in the never - ending economic and political battle for supremacy -- all shrouded in the polite language appropriate to diplomatic discourse in civilized society .
All this makes a meaningful agreement almost impossible , as every country seeks to angle for its own advantage -- and insert escape clauses and exclusions that are large enough to drive a fleet of Hummers through .
Meanwhile , there is a clear schism between the competing interests of the developed and developing world , especially as the U.S. , European Union and Japan try to place the blame for the lack of progress on rising powers China and India .
This is one of the fault lines that helped to drag down the World Trade Organization talks 10 years ago in Seattle .
The parallels with Copenhagen , down to the mood to break up and disrupt the conference with mass civil disobedience by protesters kept out by barbed wire and water cannon , grows greater with every day .
However , as the world - renowned environmental activist and author Vandana Shiva makes clear in her book Soil Not Oil , the primary schism is n't between rich countries and poor countries :
It is between corporate industry in the North , and farmers , indigenous people and vulnerable communities .
Corporations in the North and South have now formed partnerships , and the corporations in the South must first pollute and then reduce pollution to get credits .
But what makes an agreement on climate change different -- and more difficult to achieve -- than a treaty on trade is that it would limit corporations ' freedom to ransack and plunder the planet with impunity .
All countries would have to enact an international treaty equally .
Otherwise , the countries that unilaterally put in place environmental legislation will be " unfairly disadvantaged " -- and will lose out in the competitive race to make the most money in the shortest possible time .
Hence there 's an extra complication with conferences that seek to address global warming .
Political leaders know they need to show up and make polite noises to divert attention and public pressure from more unpalatable options .
Some of them even realize they need to do something real to avoid climate disaster .
But none of these leaders are really committed to the process , whatever fine words of planetary platitudes flow from their mouths .
This is because real solutions through government regulation are all anathema to capitalism .
They place restrictions on markets and profits that are deemed unacceptable .
THERE'S AN important contradiction here .
Part of the function of the state is to counter - balance the competing short - term interests of individual corporations , and look to the longer - term needs of the whole national commercial enterprise .
The state is responsible for enabling capital to operate in the most profit - friendly environment possible , and hence will seek to ensure that adequate infrastructure exists for transportation purposes to get workers to their jobs and transport goods to markets .
This relationship between the state and capital is in itself an impediment to any agreement on climate change .
But the obstacles are still greater after the ideological assault on social spending and " big government " for the last 30 years .
Since addressing the roots of climate change means a frontal assault on the citadels of capitalist power , the state is paralyzed by the environmental crisis .
Furthermore , it's in the economic interests of the major corporations to ensure that the South develops a car culture and fossil - fuel - intensive economy .
Northern markets for autos , for example , are at saturation point .
By contrast , Southern markets offer a bonanza of expanding markets -- especially now that an Indian company has designed small cars such as the Nano that sell for $ 2,500 - $ 3,000 .
Along with an expanding auto market comes the need for road expansion and increased manufacture of steel , aluminum , concrete and rubber .
All this is to the detriment of local cultures , ecologies and quality of life as public transportation is neglected -- and , of course , the global environment .
Thus , the best that can be hoped for in Copenhagen is a partial , piecemeal plan that 's implemented only when it 's far too late to avoid climate catastrophe .
Which is why James Hansen , head of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies at Columbia University and one of the world 's leading climate scientists , has said that the collapse of the talks as the best possible outcome .
It 's impossible for even supposedly environmentally conscious governments to develop and implement a real plan .
To do so would require acknowledgement of the deep systemic problems that go to the very root of the entire social system -- and a reorientation of social priorities toward workers , peasants and farmers and the earth we depend on .
That 's why it 's not viable to win ecological or climate justice without social justice .
The inequality and exploitation that lies at the heart of capitalism ravages humans and the planet in the interests of a tiny minority hell - bent on reshaping the planet in the service of profit .
To be a climate justice activist therefore necessarily makes you a social justice activist in equal measure .
In any case , the negotiations in Copenhagen are already in danger of collapsing under the weight of their own contradictions .
The hope is that protesters outside the meeting rooms can help drag the whole mess down -- so we can start focusing on real solutions instead .
Researchers at the University of Rochester have discovered how to make liquid overcome gravity and flow upward along a silicon surface .
The essential ingredient , as always : lasers .
Advertisement
The scientists achieved the curious movement by using short laser blasts to carve imperceptible patterns into the silicon sheet .
That alone prompts the water molecules to climb upward , without any additional aid :
Unlike a straw , though , there is no outside pressure pushing the liquid up ; it rises on its own accord .
By creating nanometer - scale structures in silicon , Guo greatly increases the attraction that water molecules feel toward it .
The attraction , or hydrophile , of the silicon becomes so great , in fact , that it overcomes the strong bond that water molecules feel for other water molecules .
Thus , instead of sticking to each other , the water molecules climb over one another for a chance to be next to the silicon .
( This might seem like getting energy for free , but even though the water rises , thus gaining potential energy , the chemical bonds holding the water to the silicon require a lower energy than the ones holding the water molecules to other water molecules . )
The water rushes up the surface at speeds of 3.5 cm per second .
Advertisement
A fun party trick , but are there practical applications ?
Actually , yes !
This could be the first step towards new heat regulation strategies for computers .
Instead of fans , we may see liquid cooling systems thanks to silicon that can pump its own coolant .
That method would be more energy efficient , cost effective , and most importantly a heckuva lot more lasery .
As has been pointed out in the comments , the image above is an optical illusion and here for illustrative purposes only .
[ University of Rochester via CrunchGear ]
On September 11 , 2006 , the fifth anniversary of Al Qaeda ’s attacks on America , another devastating terrorist plot was meant to unfold .
Radical Islamists had set in motion a conspiracy to hijack seven passenger planes departing from Heathrow Airport , in London , and blow them up in midair .
“ Courting Disaster ” ( Regnery ; $ 29.95 ) , by Marc A. Thiessen , a former speechwriter in the Bush Administration , begins by imagining the horror that would have resulted had the plot succeeded .
He conjures fifteen hundred dead airline passengers , televised “ images of debris floating in the ocean , ” and gleeful jihadis issuing fresh threats :
“ We will rain upon you such terror and destruction that you will never know peace . ”
Marc Thiessen was a speechwriter in the Bush Administration .
Illustration by Finn Graff
The plot , of course , was thwarted — an outcome that has been credited to smart detective work .
But Thiessen writes that there is a more important reason that his dreadful scenario never came to pass : the Central Intelligence Agency provided the United Kingdom with pivotal intelligence , using “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” approved by the Bush Administration .
According to Thiessen , British authorities were given crucial assistance by a detainee at Guantánamo Bay who spoke of “ plans for the use of liquid explosive , ” which can easily be made with products bought at beauty shops .
Thiessen also claims that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the primary architect of the 9/11 attacks , divulged key intelligence after being waterboarded by the C.I.A. a hundred and eighty - three times .
Mohammed spoke about a 1995 plot , based in the Philippines , to blow up planes with liquid explosives .
Thiessen writes that , in early 2006 , “ an observant C.I.A. officer ” informed “ skeptical ” British authorities that radicals under surveillance in England appeared to be pursuing a similar scheme .
Thiessen ’s book , whose subtitle is “ How the C.I.A. Kept America Safe and How Barack Obama Is Inviting the Next Attack , ” offers a relentless defense of the Bush Administration ’s interrogation policies , which , according to many critics , sanctioned torture and yielded no appreciable intelligence benefit .
In addition , Thiessen attacks the Obama Administration for having banned techniques such as waterboarding .
“ Americans could die as a result , ” he writes .
Yet Thiessen is better at conveying fear than at relaying the facts .
His account of the foiled Heathrow plot , for example , is “ completely and utterly wrong , ” according to Peter Clarke , who was the head of Scotland Yard ’s anti-terrorism branch in 2006 .
“ The deduction that what was being planned was an attack against airliners was entirely based upon intelligence gathered in the U.K. , ” Clarke said , adding that Thiessen ’s “ version of events is simply not recognized by those who were intimately involved in the airlines investigation in 2006 . ”
Nor did Scotland Yard need to be told about the perils of terrorists using liquid explosives .
The bombers who attacked London ’s public - transportation system in 2005 , Clarke pointed out , “ used exactly the same materials . ”
Thiessen ’s claim about Khalid Sheikh Mohammed looks equally shaky .
The Bush interrogation program hardly discovered the Philippine airlines plot : in 1995 , police in Manila stopped it from proceeding and , later , confiscated a computer filled with incriminating details .
By 2003 , when Mohammed was detained , hundreds of news reports about the plot had been published .
If Mohammed provided the C.I.A. with critical new clues — details unknown to the Philippine police , or anyone else — Thiessen does n’t supply the evidence .
Peter Bergen , a terrorism expert who is writing a history of the Bush Administration ’s “ war on terror , ” told me that the Heathrow plot “ was disrupted by a combination of British intelligence , Pakistani intelligence , and Scotland Yard . ”
He noted that authorities in London had “ literally wired the suspects ’ bomb factory for sound and video . ”
It was “ a classic law - enforcement and intelligence success , ” Bergen said , and “ had nothing to do with waterboarding or with Guantánamo detainees . ”
“ Courting Disaster ” was published soon after a terrorism scare — the attempt by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , an alleged affiliate of Al Qaeda , to blow up a Detroit - bound jet on Christmas Day — and the book has attracted a wide readership , becoming a Times best - seller .
Recently , Thiessen was hired by the Washington Post as an online columnist .
Neither a journalist nor a terrorism expert , he got his start as a publicist for conservative politicians , among them Jesse Helms , the late Republican senator from North Carolina .
After Bush ’s election in 2000 , he began writing speeches for Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and , eventually , became a speechwriter in the Bush White House .
In his book , Thiessen explains that he got a rare glimpse of the C.I.A. ’s secret interrogation program when , in 2006 , he helped write a speech for President George W. Bush that acknowledged the program ’s existence and offered a spirited defense of it .
“ This program has given us information that has saved innocent lives , ” Bush declared .
( My own history of the Bush Administration ’s interrogation policies , “ The Dark Side , ” mentions this speech , and says that it supplanted a different version , prepared by Administration officials who disapproved of the interrogation program ;
Thiessen , in his book , disputes my reporting , insisting that although “ many edits ” were suggested by critics of abusive tactics , there was “ no rival draft . ” )
In an effort to bolster the President ’s speech , the C.I.A. arranged for Thiessen to see classified documents , and invited him to meet agency interrogators .
He says that he emerged convinced of the program ’s merit .
While researching his book , he was granted extensive interviews with several of the program ’s key architects and implementers , including Vice - President Dick Cheney ; Michael McConnell , the former director of national intelligence ; and Michael V. Hayden , the former C.I.A. director .
The book , whose cover features a blurb from Cheney , has become the unofficial Bible of torture apologists .
“ Courting Disaster ” has a scholarly feel , and hundreds of footnotes , but it is based on a series of slipshod premises .
Thiessen , citing McConnell , claims that before the C.I.A. began interrogating detainees the U.S. knew “ virtually nothing ” about Al Qaeda .
But McConnell was not in the government in the years immediately before 9/11 .
He retired as the director of the National Security Agency in 1996 , and did not rejoin the government until 2007 .
Evidently , he missed a few developments during his time in the private sector , such as the C.I.A. ’s founding , in 1996 , of its bin Laden unit — the only unit devoted to a single figure .
There was also bin Laden ’s declaration of war on America , in 1996 , and his 1998 indictment in New York , after Al Qaeda ’s bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa .
The subsequent federal trial of the bombing suspects , in New York , produced thousands of pages of documents exposing the internal workings of Al Qaeda .
A state ’s witness at the trial , a former Al Qaeda member named Jamal al - Fadl , supplied the F.B.I. with invaluable information about the group , including its attempts to obtain nuclear weapons .
( Fadl did so without any coercion other than the hope of a future plea bargain .
Indeed , the F.B.I. , without using violence , has persuaded dozens of other suspected terrorists to coöperate , including , most recently , the Christmas Day bomber . )
In order to make the case that America was blind to the threat of Al Qaeda in the days before 9/11 , Thiessen skips over the scandalous amount of intelligence that reached the Bush White House before the attacks .
In February , 2001 , the C.I.A. ’s director , George Tenet , called Al Qaeda “ the most immediate and serious threat ” to the country .
Richard Clarke , then the country ’s counterterrorism chief , tried without success to get Condoleezza Rice , Bush ’s national - security adviser , to hold a Cabinet - level meeting on Al Qaeda .
Thomas Pickard , then the F.B.I. ’s acting director , has testified that Attorney General John Ashcroft told him that he wanted to hear no more about Al Qaeda .
On August 6 , 2001 , Bush did nothing in response to a briefing entitled “ Bin Laden Determined to Strike in the U.S. ”
As Tenet later put it , “ The system was blinking red . ”
Thiessen presents the C.I.A. interrogation program as an unqualified success .
“ In the decade before the C.I.A. began interrogating captured terrorists , Al Qaeda launched repeated attacks against America , ” he writes .
“ In the eight years since the C.I.A. began interrogating captured terrorists , Al Qaeda has not succeeded in launching one single attack on the homeland or American interests abroad . ”
This is not exactly a textbook demonstration of causality .
Moreover , the claim that American interests have been invulnerable since the C.I.A. began waterboarding is manifestly untrue .
Al Qaeda has launched numerous attacks against U.S. targets abroad since 9/11 , including the 2004 attack on the Hilton Hotel in Taba , Egypt ; the 2003 and 2009 attacks on hotels in Indonesia ; four attacks on the U.S. Consulate in Karachi ; and the assassination of Lawrence Foley , a U.S. diplomat , in Jordan .
In 2007 , Al Qaeda attacked Bagram Air Base , in Afghanistan , killing two Americans and twenty - one others , in a failed attempt to assassinate Cheney , who was visiting .
Indeed , Al Qaeda ’s relentless campaign in Afghanistan has helped bring about the near - collapse of U.S. policy there .
In Iraq , the Al Qaeda faction led by Abu Musab al - Zarqawi killed hundreds of U.S. soldiers .
Terrorism experts have advanced many reasons that Al Qaeda has not managed a successful attack inside the U.S. since 9/11 .
For one thing , Peter Bergen suggests , America , in addition to improving its security procedures , “ has spent hundreds of billions of dollars on improving intelligence . ”
This effort has involved better coördination between the C.I.A. , the F.B.I. , and the international community , as well as tightened surveillance .
Thiessen ’s impulse , however , is to credit C.I.A. interrogators at every turn .
He portrays the agency ’s coercive handling , in 2002 , of Abu Zubaydah — he was subjected to beatings , sexual humiliation , temperature extremes , and waterboarding , among other techniques — as another coup that saved American lives .
Information given by Zubaydah , Thiessen writes , led to the arrest , two months later , in Chicago , of Jose Padilla , the American - born Al Qaeda recruit .
But Ali Soufan , a former F.B.I. agent , has testified before Congress that he elicited Padilla ’s identity from Zubaydah in April , 2002 — months before the C.I.A. began using its most controversial methods .
Soufan , speaking to Newsweek , said of Zubaydah ’s treatment , “ We did n’t have to do any of this . ”
Philip Zelikow , the former executive director of the 9/11 Commission , has described Soufan as “ one of the most impressive intelligence agents — from any agency . ”
Thiessen dismisses Soufan ’s firsthand account as “ simply false , ” on the ground that another F.B.I. agent involved in Zubaydah ’s interrogation — whom Thiessen does n’t identify — told the Justice Department ’s inspector general that he did n’t recall Soufan ’s getting the information .
Thiessen , citing the classified evidence that he was privileged to see , claims that opponents of brutal interrogations can’t appreciate their efficacy .
“ The assessment of virtually everyone who examined the classified evidence , ” he writes , is that the C.I.A. ’s methods were justified .
In fact , many independent experts who have top security clearances , and who have had access to the C.I.A. ’s records , have denounced the agency ’s tactics .
Among the critics are Robert Mueller , the director of the F.B.I. , and four chairmen of the Senate Intelligence Committee .
Last year , President Obama asked Michael Hayden , the C.I.A. director , to give a classified briefing on the program to three intelligence experts : Chuck Hagel , the former Republican senator from Nebraska ; Jeffrey Smith , a former general counsel to the C.I.A. ; and David Boren , the retired Democratic senator from Oklahoma .
The three men were left unswayed .
Boren has said that , after the briefing , he “ wanted to take a bath . ”
In an e-mail to me , he wrote , “ I left the briefing by General Hayden completely unconvinced that the use of torture is an effective means of interrogation .
. . .
Those who are being tortured will say anything . ”
more
The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London , England , in 1962 .
The first stable line - up consisted of Brian Jones ( guitar , harmonica ) , Mick Jagger ( lead vocals ) , Keith Richards ( guitar , backing vocals ) , Bill Wyman ( bass ) , Charlie Watts ( drums ) , and Ian Stewart ( piano ) .
Stewart was removed from the official line - up in 1963 but continued as a touring member until his death in 1985 .
Brian Jones was the original leader of the group .
The band 's primary songwriters , Jagger and Richards , assumed leadership after Andrew Loog Oldham became the group 's manager .
Their musical focus shifted from covering blues songs to writing original material , a decision with which Jones did not agree .
The Rolling Stones were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2004 .
Rolling Stone magazine ranked them fourth on the " 100 Greatest Artists of All Time " list and their estimated record sales are above 250 million .
They have released 30 studio albums , 23 live albums and numerous compilations .
Let It Bleed ( 1969 ) marked the first of five consecutive No. 1 studio and live albums in the UK .
Sticky Fingers ( 1971 ) was the first of eight consecutive No. 1 studio albums in the US .
In 2008 , the band ranked 10th on the Billboard Hot 100 All - Time Top Artists chart .
In 2012 , the band celebrated its 50th anniversary .
The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London , England , in 1962 .
The first stable line - up consisted of Brian Jones ( guitar , harmonica ) , Mick Jagger ( lead vocals ) , Keith Richards ( guitar , backing vocals ) , Bill Wyman ( bass ) , Charlie Watts ( drums ) , and Ian Stewart ( piano ) .
Stewart was ...
RBS SIX NATIONS : England v Ireland
Venue : Twickenham Date : Saturday , 27 February 2010 Kick - off : 1600 GMT
Coverage : Watch on BBC
One , BBC HD channel , Red Button and online ; listen on Radio 5 live and Radio Ulster MW ; text commentary on BBC Sport website and mobiles
Jonathan Sexton at Ireland 's training session on Tuesday Jonathan Sexton will make his first Six Nations start in Saturday 's clash against England after edging out Ronan O'Gara for Ireland 's fly - half spot .
Sexton starred against South Africa in November but then sustained injury and O'Gara returned for the opening Six Nations games against Italy and France .
Geordan Murphy replaces injured Rob Kearney at full - back while Rory Best takes over from banned Jerry Flannery .
The other change sees fit-again Donncha O'Callaghan replacing Leo Cullen .
Cullen performed well against Italy and France but O'Callaghan returns to partner his Munster colleague Paul O'Connell at lock .
John Hayes will win his 100th Ireland cap in the Twickenham clash .
The 36 - year - old will partner Best and Cian Healy in the front - row .
Tony Buckley replaces Tom Court in the replacements as prop cover although the Ulster player was troubled by a rib injury last week .
606 : DEBATE Dropping Cullen is a strange one
Gibson With Ronan O'Gara on the bench , Paddy Wallace drops out of the Irish replacements .
Andrew Trimble returns to the Irish bench after being left out of the 22 - man squad for the defeat in Paris .
The Ulster winger did start in Ireland 's opening win over Italy .
The bench also includes Leo Cullen , Sean Cronin , Shane Jennings and Eoin Reddan .
Sexton 's inclusion at fly - half is not a surprise after his impressive showing for Leinster in Saturday 's Magners League win over the Scarlets .
The Leinster fly - half produced an impeccable display of place - kicking at the RDS and also scored a late try .
Geordan Murphy 's experience will compensate for his lack of rugby
Ireland coach Declan Kidney Ireland coach Declan Kidney played down his decision to plump for Sexton even though it further loosens O'Gara 's grip on the number 10 jersey .
" We 're blessed with two out - halves , one with huge experience , the other up and coming , " said Kidney .
" I thought it was opportune to give Jon a go this time . "
Leicester star Murphy will earn his 64th Irish cap after making his last appearance as a replacement in the Grand Slam clinching win over Wales last March .
The 31 - year - old has been restricted to only three recent Guinness Premiership appearances for the Tigers this season since dislocating his shoulder last September .
Kidney acknowledged that Murphy 's knowledge of English rugby had been instrumental in his recall .
" Geordan 's experience will compensate for his lack of rugby .
Twickenham is not a ground he 's unfamiliar with , " said Kidney .
" He 'll be playing against guys who he knows .
That was part of the mix in giving him the nod for this one . "
Ireland : G Murphy ( Leicester ) , T Bowe ( Ospreys ) , B O'Driscoll ( Leinster ) capt , G D'Arcy ( Leinster ) , K Earls ( Munster ) , J Sexton ( Leinster ) , T O'Leary ( Munster ) , C Healy ( Leinster ) , R Best ( Ulster ) , J Hayes ( Munster ) , D O'Callaghan ( Munster ) , P O'Connell ( Munster ) , S Ferris ( Ulster ) , D Wallace ( Munster ) , J Heaslip ( Leinster ) .
Replacements : S Cronin ( Connacht ) , T Buckley ( Munster ) , L Cullen ( Leinster ) , S Jennings ( Leinster ) , E Reddan ( Leinster ) , R O'Gara ( Munster ) , A Trimble ( Ulster )
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Can You Trust Census Data ?
No .
At least that ’s the conclusion of an important new paper ( ungated version here ) by Trent Alexander , Michael Davern and Betsey Stevenson , who find enormous errors in some critically important economic datasets .
Let ’s start with the 2000 Decennial Census .
Your responses to the Census were used for two purposes .
First , the Census Bureau tallied up every response to produce its official population counts .
And second , it produced a 1 - in - 20 sub - sample of these responses , which it made available for analysis by researchers .
Just about every economist I know has used this Census sub - sample , as do a fair number of demographers , sociologists , political scientists , and private - sector market researchers .
The errors are documented in a stunningly straightforward manner .
The authors compare the official census count ( based on the tallying up of all Census forms ) with their own calculations , based on the sub - sample released for researchers ( the “ public use micro sample , ” available through IPUMS ) .
If all is well , then the authors ’ estimates should be very close to 100 % of the official population count .
But they are n’t :
Source : Inaccurate Age and Sex Data in the Census PUMS Files : Evidence and Implications
Trent Alexander , Michael Davern and Betsey Stevenson
The two estimates are pretty similar for those younger than 65 .
But then things go haywire , with the alternative estimates disagreeing by as much as 15 % .
In fact , the microdata suggest that there are more very old men than very old women — I know some senior women who wish this were true !
The Census Bureau has confirmed that the problem is n’t with the authors ’ calculations .
Rather , the problem is in the public - use microdata sample .
What ’s the source of the problem ?
The Census Bureau purposely messes with the microdata a little , to protect the identity of each individual .
For instance , if they recode a 37 - year - old expat Aussie living in Philadelphia as a 36 - year - old , then it ’s harder for you to look me up in the microdata , which protects my privacy .
In order to make sure the data still give accurate estimates , it is important that they also recode a 36 - year - old with similar characteristics as being 37 .
This gives you the gist of some of their “ disclosure avoidance procedures . ”
While it may all sound a bit odd , if these procedures are done properly , the data will yield accurate estimates , while also protecting my identity .
So far , so good .
But the problem arose because of a programming error in how the Census Bureau ran these procedures .
The right response is obvious : fix the programs , and publish corrected data .
Unfortunately , the Census Bureau has refused to correct the data .
The problem also runs a bit deeper .
If the mistake were just the one shown in the above graph , it would be easy to simply re-scale the estimates so that there are no longer too many , say , 85 - year - old men — just weight them down a bit .
But it turns out that the same coding error also messes up the correlation between age and employment , or age and marital status ( and , the authors suspect , possibly other correlations as well ) .
When you break several correlations like this , there ’s no easy statistical fix .
Worse still , the researchers find that related problems afflict the microdata released for other major data sources .
All told , they ’ve found similar errors in :
The 2000 Decennial Census .
The American Community Survey , which is the annual “ mini- census ” ( errors exist in 2003 - 2006 , but not 2001 - 02 , or 2007 - 08 ) .
The Current Population Survey , which generates our main labor force statistics ( errors exist for 2004 - 2009 ) .
These microdata have been used in literally thousands of studies and countless policy discussions .
While the findings of many of these studies are n’t much affected by these problems , in some cases , important errors have been introduced .
The biggest problems probably exist for research focusing on seniors .
Yes , this means that many of those studies of important policy issues - retirement , social security , elder care , disability , and medicare - will need to be revisited .
The problem is that until the Census Bureau does something about these widespread problems , we ca n’t even begin this process of cleaning up problematic research findings .
Right now , the authors warn that : “ The resulting errors in the public use data are severe , and … should not be used to study people aged 65 and over . ”
Given the long list of afflicted datasets , up - to - date credible research on seniors is virtually impossible .
The whole research community is waiting for the Census Bureau to do something about these problems .
UPDATE : Carl Bialik of the Wall Street Journal also ? digs a little deeper into these problems .
Rob Hill / FilmMagic
the ACLU stridently defending the rights of the little band of brownshirts who wanted only to breathe free and stage a little walk through downtown Skokie , Illinois , and , okay , maybe denounce Jews and blacks and the ACLU while they were at it , I will now stridently defend Ann Coulter and her free - speech rights .
Way to go , Canada !
You 've achieved the nearly - impossible , and made Ann Coulter a nearly sympathetic figure .
And you 've got me defending the tiresome freak .
First , some functionary from one of your universities actually threatened that if she was n't nice when she showed up in your country for her scheduled speaking engagements this week , that she could be prosecuted for her ideas , and then when your idiot mob gathered at the University of Ottawa last night and threatened violence ( I must say , Canadian and violence are two words that you normally do n't think of together ) , the local constabulary succumbed to mob justice and shut 'er down .
Free speech sucks , huh , Canada ?
You know , it 's funny :
If you had n't as a country lost your shit last night , and the corrosive harridan had been allowed to freely speak at the academic institution which invited her to speak , you would have in turn been allowed to mock her and laugh at her and put her " ideas " in the garbage where they belong .
She would have gotten back across the border to make our lives miserable again , and it would have almost been as if her speech had never happened .
She and her little comedy routine would have been appropriately marginalized .
That 's how the transaction goes in a free marketplace of ideas .
That 's how a sensible people processes ideas , good and bad .
Instead , you frothed at her idiot provocation and you suppressed her speech and by doing so you have now made her ideas seem — to a certain cohort — much more potent and perhaps even important than they ever ought to be regarded .
By your suppression , you have exalted Ann Coulter , of all people .
You have made her manifest .
You have made her a free - speech martyr .
She does not deserve this status — nor any status , really .
And you have given the unholy operation at Fox News a legitimate issue to weaponize and use against the reasonable people of the world .
If her schtick had long since lost its luster — which it certainly had , Canada — you have renewed her significance as a cultural and political figure .
Way to goddamn go , Canada !
A request :
We have a lot of hateful creeps who make a living saying stupid and offensive things .
If it 's all the same to you , Canada , please do n't invite them to speak at one of your fine institutions of higher learning , and then cancel their engagements abruptly when you get all jittery .
For instance , David Duke is in serious need of some career rehab .
I beg you , do n't invite David Duke to speak in your country any time soon .
Leave them alone and they will eventually just go away .
Got it ?
Thanks .
RELATED LINKS :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
IOKIYAR :
KING : If you ask the White House about this , it highlights -- they say it 's not just the president , it 's not just Attorney General Holder , that General David Petraeus says he believes a public trial at a federal courthouse is the best way to do it so that it 's not an al Qaeda recruiting tool .
That Secretary Gates , a holdover from the Bush administration at the Defense Department , also they believes a trial in the federal court system is preferable to a closed trial in the military commission .
And that the CIA operatives leading the fight against these guys in Yemen , in Somalia , in Afghanistan and elsewhere , also believe that if you did it in a closed setting in a military commission it would be a powerful recruiting tool .
If General Petraeus , Secretary Gates , and the intelligence leaders say , do it in court , why do you say that 's a bad idea ?
MCCONNELL : I simply disagree and so do the American people .
ANNAPOLIS , Md. ( AP ) — State agencies in Maryland should recognize same - sex marriages performed in other states until the legislature or courts decide otherwise , Maryland ’s attorney general said Wednesday in a long - awaited legal opinion .
The opinion by Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler concluded that the state ’s highest court was likely to rule that legal same - sex marriages in other states are valid in Maryland .
But , he said , the matter “ is not free from all doubt . ”
Maryland law defines marriage as being between a man and woman , and the state is one of six that do not specifically address the validity of same - sex marriages from other states .
While the opinion does not change the law , it can guide state officials .
The attorney general ’s office would defend a state agency in court for recognizing a same - sex marriage from another state .
A total ban on wearing burkas in public could be illegal and violate human rights , France 's highest administrative body has concluded .
Faiza Silmi , a 32 - year - old Moroccan , walks in Le Mesnil - Saint - Denis , southwest of Paris .
France 's highest administrative body has concluded that a total ban of the type of full - body veil she 's wearing could be illegal .
( ( Christophe Ena / Associated Press ) )
Such a ban on the full - body garment often worn by Muslim women risks violating the French Constitution as well as the European human rights convention , the Council of State said in a report released Tuesday .
Even a limited ban would be difficult to enforce and should be avoided , reported the council , which advises the French government on proposed legislation and studies public policy issues upon request .
However , the council did say that rules requiring the face to be uncovered could be justified in some situations , for security reasons or when knowing the age or sex of the person is important .
The report is the latest development in President Nicolas Sarkozy 's efforts to ban burkas after he told the French in June that such garb was " not welcome " in France .
A parliamentary commission examined the issue for six months last year before making 15 recommendations in a report in January .
That panel refrained from recommending a ban on face - covering veils .
Ban 's legal basis disputable : council
Determined not to give up , Fillon asked the Council of State on Jan. 29 to study the issue further as a precaution to make sure that any possible bill would be legal even before it were voted by parliament .
The council determined that " no indisputable legal basis for a general and absolute ban on wearing a complete face - covering veil as such could be found , " the report said .
The council also concluded that a ban on covering the face regardless of the type of dress also would run into legal hurdles .
Wearing a full - body veil already is forbidden in some cases : for public servants exercising their duties , in schools or in businesses where it would interfere with work , for example .
Beyond that , the council found that presenting an uncovered face could be required and would have a solid legal foundation in other situations , too : those involving public security , for example , and in places where the sale of certain items requires age verification such as courts , polling stations , city hall , or the exits of schools when children are being picked up , among others .
An uncovered face could be required in hospitals , public toilets and swimming pools where it is necessary to know the sex of the person entering , the report said .
Establishments that sell alcohol , cigarettes and guns could also be required to sell only to people whose faces are not covered , the report said .
Appearance in public with a covered face also could be banned in certain train stations , department stores during the holiday season , fairs and street markets , the report said .
The burka issue is divisive in France .
Many conservatives , including Sarkozy , favour a restrictive ban , while others say women should be free to wear what they want .
The 2005 movie “ Lord of War ” opens with lead actor Nicholas Cage standing in a street littered with spent shell casings .
He turns and speaks to us with droll sincerity :
“ There are over 500 million firearms in worldwide circulation .
That is one firearm for every twelve people on the planet .
The only question is : How do we arm the other eleven ? ” ( written and directed by Andrew Niccol )
We can assume that this was meant to shock the viewer as diabolical , avaricious , and monstrous .
As for me ?
I thoughtfully nodded my head and muttered : “ Good question .
How can we ? ”
There seems to be two basic personality types involved in the “ gun control ” debate .
They are :
1 . The “ cold , dead fingers ” crowd , who , because of combat or law enforcement experience , a personal encounter with violent crime , or a thoughtful analysis of history ( mixed in with some simple common sense ) , realize that personal self defense is a natural right , an unalienable right .
It is a right that is not merely a privilege granted to you by government .
And to many , along with the defense of the innocent , it is a mandate of their deepest religious beliefs - see " The Ten Commandments of Self Defense "
2 . The “ only soldiers and the police should have guns ” crowd .
These patently illogical and deluded individuals have a perverse trust in government , especially Big Government .
In fact , for most of them , the Bigger the Better … ala the United Nations .
Many of them are mentally ill .
See psychiatrist Dr. Sarah Thompson ’s terrifically insightful essay here : " Raging Against Self Defense "
Now let me introduce you to the little known “ poster girl ” for group # 2 .
This is Barbara Frey , a ( presumably mild mannered ) teacher at the University of Minnesota .
Ms. Frey is married to a nice looking man and has three children .
She very well might turn out to be one of the more dangerous ideologues in recent American history .
Why ?
Because Ms. Frey , along with her ilk here and abroad , have cooked up a United Nations treaty that aims to disarm every civilian on Earth , including those here in this country .
Led by Frey ’s mutant sense of values , these folks can actually make Sarah Brady and her “ responsible gun ownership ” crew look downright neighborly .
Barbara Frey , back in 2006 , penned a United Nations document entitled in part “ Prevention of human rights violations committed with small arms and light weapons ” .
To study the entire report , go here .
Frey gets right to the point on the first page of her report :
“ The principle of self - defence ( sic ) has an important place in international human rights law , but does not provide an independent , supervening right to small arms possession , nor does it ameliorate the duty of States to use due diligence in regulating civilian possession . ”
This is what Frey wants to be “ The Law of the World ” .
Let ’s call it what it is : Global “ gun control ” .
In other words , licensing , fees , registration , centralized databases , and the nearly inevitable widespread confiscation that follows .
Compare Frey ’s lunatic insinuations to our Second Amendment :
“ A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed . ”
See " 2A Today for The USA "
Another sample of Frey ’s remarkably warped mentality :
“ Self - defence is sometimes designated as a “ right ” .
There is inadequate legal support for such an interpretation .
Self - defence is more properly characterized as a means of protecting the right to life and , as such , a basis for avoiding responsibility for violating the rights of another . ” ( p.9 of U.N. report )
Whew , boy …
Or how about this ?
“ Thus , international criminal law designates self - defence as a rule to be followed to determine criminal liability , and not as an independent right which States are required to enforce . ” ( p.9 of U.N. report )
Translation :
Your government is not required to allow you to defend yourself .
And therefore , logically , the government can prohibit you from defending yourself .
Frey ’s idiotic , grotesquely un-American , and dangerous delusions , her inane ramblings , and her back room U.N. schmoozing , might have simply been wisps of stinking smoke in the wind back in 2006 , but look at what has happened to America since she penned this United Nations advisory : Barack Obama , and his Saul Alinsky tutored Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
Madam Clinton is simply ecstatic over Frey ’s proposals .
And I ’ll leave it up to you to decide where “ Bow Down ” Obama stands .
Now I can hear many of you out there howling : “ That treaty will never pass in the Congress ! ”
And you are hopefully right … if enough of us pay attention and make our voices heard .
Here ’s a link to Barbara Frey ’s public site at the University of Minnesota .
We assume that she is open to correspondence from others .
I ’ve already sent her JPFO ’s “ Genocide Chart ” and asked her what she thought about it .
No response yet .
Additionally , see what happens when governments apply Barbara Frey ’s philosophy .
See , " Innocents Betrayed "
However , do n’t kid yourself .
The U.N. will pass the “ small arms ” treaty , whether the U.S. signs on or not .
It will become “ International Law ” , and there will be brain challenged U.S. judges who will kowtow to this mockery of our Bill of Rights in their decision making .
I promise you this .
See " The United Nations is Killing your Freedoms " .
In the meantime , remember Barbara Frey .
Truly our arch adversary .
p.s. The opening three and a half minutes of “ Lord of War ” is some of the most intriguing camera work I ’ve ever seen .
Check it out .
I ’d only change one part .
When the bullet comes out of the barrel of the rifle I ’d have it hit a blood lusting soldier in the skull .
Then I ’d pan back to a bedraggled young woman holding the gun as she defends her family and village from state sponsored genocide .
So yes , Nick , how do we arm the other eleven ?
Frequent JPFO contributor and strategist , Kirby Ferris collaborated intensively with Aaron Zelman over the last two years .
Ferris is now the Operations Manager of JPFO .
See all of Kirby Ferris ’ articles .
Washington ( CNN ) -- U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said Tuesday that it took pressure from the government to get Toyota to take action over its sticking gas pedals .
" Since questions were first raised about possible safety defects , we have been pushing Toyota to take measures to protect consumers , " LaHood said in a statement addressing the aftermath of the automaker 's massive recall .
" While Toyota is taking responsible action now , it unfortunately took an enormous effort to get to this point .
[ Department of Transportation ] officials flew to Japan in December to remind Toyota management about its legal obligations and followed up with a meeting at DOT headquarters in January to insist that they address the accelerator pedal issue , " LaHood said .
Toyota recalled 2.3 million vehicles January 21 because of problems with sticking gas pedals that cause the vehicles to accelerate out of control .
The following week , it said it would also have to recall up to 1.8 million vehicles in Europe that could suffer from the same defect .
On Monday , company officials announced that they had found a solution that involved reinforcing the pedal assembly with a part that is being rushed to dealerships .
Toyota faces more scrutiny from the U.S. government .
" We 're not finished with Toyota and are continuing to review possible defects and monitor the implementation of the recalls , " LaHood said .
A Transportation Department official said the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration is considering a civil penalty against Toyota .
A Toyota official would not comment on that .
Contacted by CNN , Toyota issued a statement saying : " Nothing is more important to us than the safety and reliability of the vehicles our customers drive .
Secretary LaHood said to us that the soonest possible action would be in the best interests of our customers , and we took his advice very seriously and instituted a recall .
" We are very grateful for his advice and we feel that we have been given a chance to regain our customers ' trust .
We will continue to cooperate fully with NHTSA on all vehicle safety issues . "
But a key supplier of the accelerator pedals is also defending its reputation .
The Indiana - based CTS Corp. says its product should n't be linked with unintended acceleration but does have a less - serious flaw .
" The pedals that are the subject of the recall have to do with a slow - return phenomenon -- which is a very rare condition -- which occurs under certain environmental conditions such as heightened humidity , " said Mitch Walorski , director of planning and investor relations for CTS .
" CTS is not aware -- and Toyota has said this also -- that there 's been any accidents or injuries from that condition of those pedal , " Walorski added .
A Toyota official said that 's true but said it 's also true that some CTS pedals did n't just have slow return but also got stuck .
CNN could not reach CTS officials for comment on that .
But the Toyota official was very adamant that Toyota is not blaming the supplier .
He said CTS and other suppliers design these parts to Toyota 's specifications .
This is a Toyota part , he says , and Toyota takes responsibility for it .
The Liberal Democrats are planning to rule out forming a coalition government with either the Conservatives or Labour if Nick Clegg holds the balance of power in a hung parliament after the general election .
As Whitehall 's most senior civil servants and Buckingham Palace make detailed preparations to clarify the Queen 's role in the event of a hung parliament , senior Lib Dems are making clear that Clegg has no interest in taking cabinet posts and would focus instead on winning support for four key Lib Dem demands .
Clegg would be prepared to throw a lifeline to the Conservatives or Labour by allowing either party to pass a Queen 's speech if the aspiring government makes concessions in the four areas , described as the Lib Dem " shopping list " :
• Investing extra funds in education through a pupil premium for disadvantaged children .
• Tax reform , taking 4 million out of tax and raising taxes on the rich by requiring capital gains and income to be taxed at the same rate .
• Rebalancing of the economy to put less emphasis on centralised banking and more on a new greener economy .
• Political reforms , including changes to the voting system and a democratically elected Lords , that go further than proposed by Labour .
Clegg would give the minority government a chance to deliver and would not expect his demands to be met in full by the time of the Queen 's speech , the first major parliamentary test of a new administration .
" People expect stable government , " one aide said .
" It is right to assume that if one party has a mandate it should have a crack at governing .
If no party has a majority , then people will need to talk to each other . "
An ally says of the " shopping list " : " You can wield influence without being in government .
You could even negotiate a programme for government through a Queen 's speech with 40 to 50 % of your ideas taken up , or negotiate on individual bills . "
Clegg is opposed to forming a coalition because aides and senior MPs argue it would be highly dangerous for the Liberal Democrats to become minority partners in a coalition government on the grounds that the majority party could manipulate the timing of the next election to suit it .
The Lib Dems have long campaigned for fixed terms at Westminster to deprive the prime minister of the initiative on election timing .
The preparations for a hung parliament , in which no party secures an overall majority over all the others , have intensified as some opinion polls show a narrowing of the Tory lead .
The Guardian reveals today that Sir Gus O'Donnell , the cabinet secretary , is distributing 1974 memos written by a predecessor , Lord Armstrong of Ilminster , which sets out the rules for how Downing Street and Buckingham Palace would handle a hung parliament .
This could allow for what some
No 10 officials are dubbing the " Miliband option " , in which the Queen asks the foreign secretary to form a government if he is more acceptable as Labour leader to the Lib Dems .
This is , however , seen as highly unlikely .
The Tories are making plans for two elections this year amid fears in their ranks that David Cameron may fail to secure a majority first time .
Senior Conservatives are so convinced they may face a hung parliament that they are looking carefully at the experience of the Scottish National party , which governs in Scotland as a minority government .
The Tories , who have won pro-business concessions by supporting every SNP budget , are increasingly optimistic that they would be able to come to an arrangement with the Liberal Democrats over a summer emergency budget , especially since it now seems unlikely it will contain big spending cuts to be implemented in 2010 - 11 .
Private discussions have also been held between senior Labour and Liberal Democrat figures .
It is understood Labour accepts that Clegg will not sanction any discussions in advance of the election on the basis that this would only drive some potential Liberal Democrat support to the Tories .
Clegg believes the Conservatives would adopt a cautious approach in any opening Queen 's speech if they did not have a clear majority .
He expects them to focus on schools reform , an issue on which the Tories and the Liberal Democrats have much in common .
The Liberal Democrats are determined to ensure their election campaign is not dominated by talk of coalitions and a hung parliament .
Clegg 's four - point plan , which will form the basis of his election campaign , will be used to deflect the inevitable questions about what the Lib Dems would do in a hung parliament .
The party will just say it will press for its four points to be implemented .
Clegg believes the economy is a crucial element .
Vince Cable , the Lib Dem Treasury spokesman , has set five tests to judge when Britain should cut the deficit .
Unlike the Conservatives , he would not start cutting the deficit in 2010 - 11 , but he would try to reduce it more quickly than Labour would .
Clegg 's instinct appears to be that Labour needs a period in opposition , and he would be reluctant to keep a Gordon Brown - led Labour party in government .
One MP said : " We do n't want to be tied to a rotting corpse . "
What is " overtly sexual content " ?
The answer is an arbitrary one if you 're Apple , which last week reportedly removed more than 5,000 apps for sexual content .
But here are the five best Apple either missed or chose to ignore .
from the iTunes Store containing keywords like " boobs " or " sexual content . "
The fact that an app like " Wobble iBoobs " was taken down seems silly when many other apps involving sex have stayed up .
Apple 's inconsistencies on this issue have been easy to spot .
Apple 's senior vice president of worldwide marketing , Phil Schiller , told The New York Times that Apple 's policy was enacted to protect children .
The iPhone does feature parental controls within the Settings and every app in the store comes with a content rating .
For example , the five apps below are all rated 17 +.
Any parent wanting to keep their children from such content should set up restrictions on their phone and keep a close eye on what is being downloaded .
Here are five sexy apps that are still in the available for download in the iTunes App Store :
Adult Sex Life :
This unapologetic app features sexual positions , tips for stimulation and climaxing , and a private black book for keeping track of your partners .
i Kamasutra :
The app shows off more than 100 sex positions with illustrations and you can view your progress as you try different positions .
LoveLine with Dr. Drew :
The app allows users to listen to LoveLine , an uncensored show about sex , love , and everything in between .
It 's the sort of stuff that gives parents nightmares .
Playboy :
This app does not feature nude photos , but it contains plenty of adult content like racy stories , dirty jokes , and nearly nude photos and wallpapers .
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit 2010 : It 's just pictures and videos of scantily - clad women in bikinis , but that was enough to get plenty of other apps pulled from the App Store .
Bonus Apps :
: It 's hard to imagine a search engine as a sexy app , but since Bing has powerful image search tools , it 's incredibly easy to find racy content in a flash .
Considering the other steps Apple has taken for other apps , it 's surprising that Bing is not a 17 + app .
: You do n't have to go through the iTunes Store to get racy applications .
The Sex Apps Shop goes around Apple 's censors and can let you download XXX - rated apps that look just like regular apps .
Hello , you need to enable JavaScript to use Tea Party Patriots .
Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator .
Shares
When I first heard that a retrovirus had been identified as a possible cause of chronic fatigue syndrome , I withheld judgment and awaited further developments .
When I heard that two subsequent studies had failed to replicate the findings of the first , I assumed that the first had been a false alarm and would be disregarded .
Not so .
It ’s a classic case of wishful thinking outweighing good judgment .
One unconfirmed report of an association between the XMRV virus and chronic fatigue syndrome ( CFS ) resulted in a rush to test for the virus , speculation about possible implications , and even suggestions for treatment .
And the subsequent negative studies did little or nothing to reverse the trend .
XMRV is Xenotropic murine leukemia virus - related virus .
In the past , there were reports that this retrovirus was associated with prostate cancer , but then other reports found no link .
In 2009 a study was published in Science , “ Detection of an Infectious Retrovirus , XMRV , in Blood Cells of Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ” by Lombardi et al. , reporting an association with CFS :
we identified DNA from a human gammaretrovirus , xenotropic murine leukemia virus–related virus ( XMRV ) , in 68 of 101 patients ( 67 % ) as compared to 8 of 218 ( 3.7 % ) healthy controls .
Later , the researchers reported that up to 95 % of CFS patients test positive with antibody testing .
The study did not prove a causal relationship .
The authors suggest that the retrovirus may reactivate other viruses , such as herpes viruses ( the opposite is also possible ) .
There could be many different viruses behind CFS / ME .
And it could be that XMRV is an incidental finding secondary to the immune dysfunction in CFS / ME .
Two subsequent studies in the UK , here and here , also looked for the virus in CFS patients but both failed to find it .
CFS is still a controversial diagnosis .
Some observers have implicated psychological factors and somatization .
Sufferers are on the defensive , wanting to validate CFS as a real physical entity .
The finding of a virus was just what they were hoping for .
They want to believe in it , and their emotions have clouded their judgment .
A battle has erupted between retrovirus believers and non-believers , each side attacking the other ’s research and accusing them of bias .
Some of the criticisms are based on virological laboratory procedural details that I am not competent to judge .
Some of the other criticisms are about things I can understand .
The Science study came out of the The Whittemore - Peterson Institute .
This institute was founded by a couple ( the Whittemores ) whose daughter had CFS and who was treated by Dr. Peterson with an experimental antiviral drug .
They are clearly biased towards finding a viral etiology .
The researchers in the UK were similarly accused of bias towards finding a psychological etiology .
Accusations of bias may be credible but do n’t necessarily mean that the bias contaminated the results .
Another criticism is less credible : the UK studies used a different set of criteria for diagnosing CFS .
Even if you think that some of the UK subjects did n’t qualify as having CFS , if even a few of them had CFS and the virus was really associated with it , the virus should have shown up in at least a few subjects .
Critics have tried to rationalize away the negative findings in the UK by suggesting that the virus occurs regionally and is absent in the UK ; but then if the virus were the cause of CFS , there would n’t be any CFS in the UK .
So far we have one study for and two against the association of XMRV with CFS .
More studies are underway that should settle the debate .
If the virus is there , it will be found by other labs and a consensus will eventually develop as to whether there is an association .
If an association is confirmed , there will still need to be further research to determine what the association means and whether there is a causal relationship .
The logical response is to stay tuned , not to leap prematurely into testing and treatment .
Tests are already commercially available .
One is offered by VIP Diagnostics , a company owned by the Whittemore family .
It costs $ 450 and uses the same methods as were reported in the Science article .
The website discloses that the tests have not been approved by FDA for diagnostic purposes and that medical expertise is required for test interpretation .
The lab pays a royalty to the Whittemore - Peterson Institute for each test it performs .
In his Nov. 3 , 2009 Lyndonville Times newsletter , Dr. David Bell offered this cogent advice :
I am reluctant to suggest to anyone that they spend big bucks for a commercial test now .
We do not know if a particular test is accurate , and even if it is accurate we do not know what it means , and even if we did know what it meant we would not know what to do with it .
That pretty much says it all .
Nevertheless , patients are flocking to be tested .
If they test positive , they can feel vindicated .
If they test negative , they can rationalize that they may actually be positive but have a viral load too small to be picked up on the test at the moment ; they might even rationalize that they are better off than if the test had shown a larger viral load .
Win /win .
Antiretroviral treatments are already being proposed by some doctors .
Most proposals are based on the drugs used for HIV / AIDS , on the assumption that antiretroviral AIDS drugs would be equally effective for the XMRV retrovirus .
But that might well be a false assumption , and these are powerful drugs with worrisome side effects , not the sort of thing that you would want to try “ just in case . ”
Other concerns have been raised by the CFS community .
Is XMRV sexually transmitted like HIV / AIDS ?
If you have chronic fatigue syndrome or another XMRV - related condition , should you take special precautions with your sexual partners , even if you ’re in a committed relationship ?
Should you opt for not breastfeeding your children ?
Should you not even have children ?
I can understand the desperation of these patients .
I can understand their need to believe anything that would validate their suffering .
I can understand their motivation to try anything that might bring them relief .
But I do n’t want to see people wasting money on useless tests , I do n’t want to see mothers unnecessarily worrying about whether it is safe to breastfeed their children , and I do n’t want to see people suffering side effects from drugs they do n’t need .
A cautious wait - and - see approach is dictated by common sense and by an understanding of how often initial scientific research findings turn out not to be true .
Like remarriage after divorce , the overblown enthusiasm for the XMRV / CFS connection is a triumph of hope over experience .
Exasperated House Democratic leaders have compiled a list showing that they have passed 290 bills that have stalled in the Senate .
The list is the latest sign that Democrats in the lower chamber are frustrated with their Senate counterparts .
ADVERTISEMENT
An aide to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) says the list is put together during each Congress , but that this year ’s number is likely the largest ever .
However , he said Pelosi blames GOP senators , not Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidGOP senators confident Trump pick to be confirmed by November Durbin : Democrats can ' slow ' Supreme Court confirmation ' perhaps a matter of hours , maybe days at most ' Supreme Court fight pushes Senate toward brink MORE ( D - Nev. ) or Majority Whip Dick Durbin Richard ( Dick ) Joseph DurbinSupreme Court nominee gives no clues in GOP meeting Warren wo n't meet with Barrett , calling Trump 's nomination an ' illegitimate power grab '
Conservative group unveils ad accusing liberals of attacking Barrett 's faith MORE ( D - Ill . ) .
“ The Speaker believes that the filibuster has its place , but clearly Senate Republicans are taking what was once a rare procedural move and abusing it to the detriment of progress for America ’s working families , ” said Pelosi spokesman Drew Hammill .
But some House Democrats and their aides have shown no reticence in blaming Senate Democrats , who enjoyed a supermajority until Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) was sworn in earlier this month .
In January , House Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) suggested the Senate was out of touch with Americans , and did not differentiate between the two parties .
“ [ Senators ] tend to see themselves as a House of Lords and they do n’t seem to understand that those of us that go out there every two years stay in touch with the American people , ” Clyburn said in an interview with Fox News Radio .
“ We tend to respond to them a little better . ”
Earlier this month in an MSNBC interview , House Democratic Caucus Chairman John Larson ( Conn . ) said , “ There ’s a host of things that we ’ve passed already , and there needs to be action in the Senate , and people are tired of it , ” adding that he was “ glad the president cited the House ” for making more progress than the Senate in his State of the Union address .
The list of stalled bills includes both major and minor legislation : healthcare reform ; climate change ; food safety ; financial aid for the U.S. Postal Service ; a job security act for wounded veterans ; a Civil War battlefield preservation act ; vision care for children ; the naming of a federal courthouse in Iowa after former Rep. Jim Leach ( R - Iowa ) ; a National Historic Park named for President Jimmy Carter ; a bill to improve absentee ballot voting ; a bill to improve cybersecurity ; and the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act .
Hammill said Pelosi ’s office also compiled a second list in December of 90 pieces of legislation that have passed the House , more than 60 of them with at least 50 Republican votes .
“ There ’s a perception that the House is really partisan these days , but the actual numbers show otherwise , ” Hammill said .
Reid , like Pelosi , blames Republicans for the legislative logjam .
In a speech late Monday on the Senate floor , he took the GOP to task for opposing a job - growth bill pending before the chamber , and said Republicans are abusing the filibuster .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We had to file cloture some 70 times last year , ” Reid said .
“ Seventy times .
That ’s remarkably bad .
Let ’s change that . ”
This month , a group of Democratic aides and strategists told The Hill that the party risks losing its majorities if it does n’t stop internall squabbling .
Simon Rosenberg , founder of the NDN and a former candidate for Democratic National Committee chairman , said congressional Democrats are “ frustrated ” but “ need to look inward . ”
“ They have to find a way to work more effectively to do the people ’s business .
There ’s going to have to be much tighter coordination on major legislation among the White House , Senate and House , ” Rosenberg said .
A list of the House - passed bills that have stalled in the Senate can be viewed here .
The 10 Most Head - Shakingly Inappropriate Sesame Street Parody Sketches
? Like many of you , I grew up watching Sesame Street , but
Beijing is to install 100 deodorant guns at a stinking landfill site on the edge of the city in a bid to dampen complaints about the capital ’s rubbish crisis .
The giant fragrance sprays will be put in place by May at the Asuwei dump site , one of several hundred tips that are the focus of growing public concerns about sanitation , environmental health and a runaway consumer culture .
[…]
The high - pressure guns , which can spray dozens of litres of fragrance per minute over a distance of up to 50 m , are produced by several Chinese firms and based on German and Italian technology .
They are already in use at several landfill sites , but they are merely a temporary fix .
[…]
Beijing ’s waste problem – and China ’s – is expanding as fast as its economy , at about 8 % each year .
With millions more people now able to afford Starbucks , McDonald ’s , Kentucky Fried Chicken and other elements of a western , throwaway lifestyle , the landfill sites and illegal tips that ring the capital are close to overflowing .
According to the local government , the city of 17 m people generates 18,000 tonnes of waste every day – 7,000 tonnes more than the capacity of municipal disposal plants .
Here are my personal favorites , courtesy of Unofficial Roast Master and VP Joe Biden
On Liz Cheney : Liz Cheney is questioning whether Tom Brady is a real patriot !
What the hell , it was worth a try .
On reporters :
You guys know the truth .
Sometimes .
On Fox News :
There were never any snakes in Ireland .
St. Patrick just made that up .
Which for the first time is when I realized he is the patron saint of Fox news .
On life in Washington : I actually now have a house in Washington D.C. for the first time .
I voted for public housing my whole career I never realized it was this good .
On Rahm : Senior White House Advisor means Rahm . snip
By the way , Rahm was only pointing his finger .
On Dick Morris :
When Dick Morris is quick to point our every time I put my foot in my mouth , well , Dick , at least it 's my foot .
On the Stimulus and Sen. Scott Brown : Republicans keep saying it ( the stimulus ) has n't created a single job .
Well tell that to Senator Scott Brown .
By the way , speaking of Scott , it 's kinda ironic , the man who posed with his pants down caught us with our pants off .
Funny how that works .
On Sarah Palin and GOP obstruction :
In fairness , I think you are a little rough on the Republicans for constantly repeating the mantra The Health Care Bill is 200 and 22 pages long !
Well put yourself in their spot .
Just ask Sarah , that 's a hell of a lot to write on the palm of your hand !
On Dogs and Democrats : Sasha and Melia were n't the only ones who to get a dog when they got to Washington .
I got one too .
His name is Champ .
You can see , you can see that he is a Democratic dog , he 's biting the hand that feeds him .
There is not much more for me to add here , except for this .
Whenever anyone tells you that Obama is equal to Bush or ( in the case of reality deprived Republicans ) worse , just ask them to compare Vice President Joe Biden to Sarah Palin or unindicted war criminal Dick Cheney .
I , for one , welcome the change .
Peace and Love to all !
Cheers
You can follow me on @JesseLaGreca
Crossposted at ProgressiveElectorate.com and Docudharma.com
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
Consumers slashed their credit card debt levels by nearly $ 1,700 per household in 2009 , according to the Federal Reserve , and experts say a down economy will continue to leave borrowers with a distaste for debt .
2009 : THE YEAR OF SHEDDING
CREDIT CARD DEBT
Americans spent 2009 eliminating credit card debt .
At the end of 2008 , Americans held $ 957.3 billion in credit card debt .
At the end of 2009 , that number fell to $ 866 billion — a total decrease in debt of more than $ 91 billion .
The graph below tracks consumers ’ shedding of debt in 2009 .
Note : Dollar totals shown in billions .
According to the Fed ’s monthly G.19 consumer credit report released Friday , credit card balances fell sharply again in December .
Americans shed $ 8.5 billion in debt , marking a record 15th straight month of decline .
The report considers various types of consumer debt , including revolving credit — a loan category comprised almost entirely of credit card debt — as well as nonrevolving debt , which includes such debt as auto loans , student loans and loans for mobile homes , boats and trailers .
Overall , revolving debt fell to $ 866 billion from a revised total of $ 874.5 billion in November .
Americans ’ credit card debt stood at $ 975.2 billion in September 2008 .
The 15 monthly declines since then have seen U.S. cardholders eliminate $ 109.2 billion in credit card debt .
That means the average U.S. household with credit card debt — of which there are roughly 54 million , according to government data — has eliminated roughly $ 2,022 in credit card debt during that period .
In 2009 alone , Americans shed $ 91.3 billion in debt — $ 1,691 per household with credit card debt .
Experts say those lower debt levels stem from consumers ’ reaction to the ongoing economic slump .
“ People are doing a combination of things — they ’re saving , they ’re paying down debt and they ’re not shopping , ” says Dennis Moroney , research director with advisory services firm TowerGroup .
Shoppers shy away from credit , increase savings
Taken as a whole , consumer debt fell by less than 1 percent to $ 2.46 trillion in December — a record 11th straight monthly drop , dating back to February .
Even a solid Christmas shopping season was n’t enough to fully offset consumers ’ distaste for debt .
Data from the U.S. Commerce Department showed that total retail sales fell 0.3 percent in December following November ’s 1.8 percent increase .
At the same time , consumers are putting money aside , with the personal savings rate — a percentage of disposable personal income — increasing to 4.8 percent in December .
“ The savings rate continues to go up , so consumers continue to squirrel away , ” Moroney says .
Meanwhile , a fourth - quarter earnings announcement from MasterCard showed that U.S. credit card use fell 13 percent from the year before , as MasterCard branded debit card use climbed 10.5 percent .
“ People have been utilizing credit , obviously , to a much less extent , ” MasterCard Chief Financial Officer Martina Hund -Mejean told the Associated Press .
Fear encourages frugality
But why ?
Experts say the recent economic challenges have resulted in a sort of “ scared straight ” program for borrowers .
“ People are realizing that they can only spend money that they have , ” says Lauren Weber , author of “ In Cheap We Trust . ”
CONSUMER CREDIT BALANCES
KEEP FALLING FAST
In December , Americans ’ credit card debt fell by more than 11 percent , continuing recent trends .
The chart below shows the percentage change in credit card debt since the fourth quarter of 2008 — including a 13 percent drop in the final three months of 2009 .
According to Weber , a look back at U.S. history shows periods alternately characterized by widespread spending and saving .
“ For the vast majority of Americans , frugality is the result of necessity rather than choice .
I think that ’s what we ’re seeing now , ” she says , pointing to the lack of choice consumers have about whether or not they lose access to credit — or jobs .
Weber says cycles of thrift are often the result of fear .
In the current environment , it ’s tough to find a scarier boogeyman than the threat of unemployment .
According to the latest government data , although the U.S. unemployment rate unexpectedly fell to 9.7 percent in January , employers nevertheless cut an additional 20,000 net jobs over the month .
Looking ahead
After slashing so much debt in 2009 , experts say cardholders will continue to avoid using plastic — for a time .
“ I suspect the G.19 number will continue to deteriorate as consumers pay down debt , ” says Moroney .
“ We do n’t see that getting better into late 2011 . ”
Of course , whether consumers continue to save their money and pay down debt largely depends on how the economy behaves over the coming months .
January data showed consumer confidence reached the highest level in more than a year , and experts say sustained improvement in the labor market could result in a rebound in spending .
Additionally , as large appliances like dishwashers inevitably break , consumers will again turn to credit .
“ There is this pent - up demand .
Eventually people will have to start buying stuff , ” Moroney says .
“ You ca n’t use debit cards for big purchases , you have to finance stuff . ”
Weber , meanwhile , says that consumers wo n’t have much trouble returning to their shopaholic ways .
“ History suggests that these tend to be temporary periods and that we eagerly return to the idea of having a better life and spending on luxury , ” she says .
“ Once the economy starts growing again in a sustainable way and incomes start rising , I feel confident we ’ll go back to the days of Saks advertising $ 4,000 Gucci dresses again . ”
See related : A guide to the Credit CARD Act of 2009 , Lending standards show signs of easing
In der Frankfurter Rundschau findet man gerade in diesen Artikel :
Freie Union und Piratenpartei wollen kooperieren Die Freie Union und die Piratenpartei wollen in Hessen künftig eng zusammenarbeiten .
Erklärtes Ziel sei die Aufstellung gemeinsamer Wahllisten sowie die Bildung von Wählergemeinschaften , teilte die Freie Union am Freitag mit . …
Was für mich ein ziemlicher Schock war , nachdem ich kurz vor der Bundestagswahl in München eine Pressekonferenz der Freien Union besucht hatte und bemerkt hatte , dass sich diese Partei ( zumindest zum damaligen Zeitpunkt ) nicht mit unseren Zielen und Grundsätzen verträgt .
Deswegen war ich nun doch erleichtert , das auf der Webseite der Piratenpartei Hessen dieser
Text zu finden ist :
Gegendarstellung zum Thema „ FREIE UNION und Piratenpartei bündeln Kräfte in Hessen “ Heute wurde vom deutschen Depeschendiest ( ddp ) eine Nachricht veröffentlicht , die Freie Union Hessen habe eine Zusammenarbeit mit der Piratenpartei Hessen beschlossen .
Dem ist nicht so .
Zutreffend ist , dass gestern auf dem Stammtisch der Piratenpartei in Hofheim Besucher der Freien Union anwesend waren .
Dies ist aber nichts Ungewöhnliches , da alle unsere Stammtische öffentliche Veranstaltungen sind .
Wir sprechen dort mit jedem Besucher , unabhängig einer eventuellen Parteizugehörigkeit .
Es wurden dort aber keine Absprachen über eine landesweite Zusammenarbeit getroffen , dies würde eklatant dem Prinzip der basisdemokratischen Mitbestimmung innerhalb der Piratenpartei widersprechen .
Wir distanzieren uns hiermit ausdrücklich von der auf der Webseite der Freien Union veröffentlichten Pressemitteilung ( http://hessen.freieunion.de/news.php?s=read&id=41) .
Es wurden keinerlei Kooperations - oder sonstige Strategievereinbarungen getroffen .
5 . Februar 2010 – 19:07 – Christian Hufgard
Wenn sich die Hessen mit der FU irgendwann mal einigen , und miteinander arbeiten wollen , dann gehe ich davon aus , dass sie die FU vorher mehr als nur oberflächlich begutachtet hat .
Solange die Partei jedoch noch eine Privatveranstaltung von Frau Pauli ist ( zumindest habe ich auf der Pressekonferenz diesen Eindruck bekommen ) , denke ich nicht , dass dies passieren wird .
Teilen
Sie dies mit : Teilen
Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
Reddit
E-Mail
Drucken
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Gefällt mir : Gefällt mir Wird geladen ...
Ähnliche Beiträge
Farsthary writes :
I do n’t know if it ’s the same for you , but since the incredible inclusion of the Elbeem fluid simulator in Blender I track every release trying to make this simple set up : mixing realistically a red fluid with a blue one , sadly without success .
My ignorance about CFD ( Computational Fluid Dynamics ) at that time prevented me to know that for Euler based methods ( array based , domain based ) this is not straightfoward to implement multiple fluid interactions of fully different natures ( different density , viscosity , elasticity , plasticity , materials , etc ) , so one of my initial targets when I started ( and later joined Stephen ) in the SPH fluid particles was to overcome that limitation since one of the strongest point of SPH methods is the ability to handle in a transparent way any kind of interactions and that will make a nice family of use cases different from the Elbeem fluid simulator .
Archaeology 's Hoaxes , Fakes , and Strange Sites
The Skull of Doom By Jane MacLaren Walsh
The Mitchell - Hedges crystal skull : Fact , fiction , and the creation of myth
Bogus !
An Introduction to Dubious Discoveries by Brittany Jackson and Mark Rose
Why do fakes get made ?
Why do people fall for hoaxes ?
Greed , pride , revenge , nationalism , pranks , and gullibility mix in an archaeological setting
Eight Classic Cases by Brittany Jackson and Mark Rose
More Fakes and Hoaxes
Fake Busters
The ( Fake ) Art Market
Strange Sites and Pseudoarchaeology
Bogus Sources
Coming soon ...
General references about fakes , sources for Eight Classic Cases , and background on other specific frauds and hoaxes
The truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth .
It is the mantra of the courtroom , but it is also the motivating ideal of good science – as well as good journalism .
The Guardian 's special report into the leaked emails between climate scientists has revealed as many roughnesses , pimples and warts as any Cromwellian portrait .
In and among ( plentiful ) electronic evidence of the University of East Anglia researchers going about their job diligently , we have uncovered an abject failure to ensure essential records were kept on Chinese weather stations , determined manoeuvring to exclude critics from leading journals and international reports , and suggestions of deleting potentially embarrassing correspondence with a view to evading the Freedom of Information Act .
For a newspaper that prides itself on leading the fight to fix the climate , avoiding such a forthright interrogation of the scientific pro­cesses on which our call for action ultimately depends might have been more comfortable – comfortable but wrong .
The reality is that 4,660 files from East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit are in the public domain .
The pragmatic argument runs that it is better that these should be evaluated seriously , methodically and in proper context , rather than hyped and distorted on the blogosphere .
The principled argument , however , is more powerful still .
Scientific progress comes through free and frank debate , the bedrock of truth being revealed only after every muddying stratum above it has been penetrated and cleared away .
Indeed , the settled core of our knowledge on climate – the fact of increasing atmospheric carbon , the rising temperature trend , and the heat - trapping mechanism linking the two – has acquired the terrific authority it now possesses precisely because it has been forced to withstand so many challenges in the past .
The moment climatology is sheltered from dispute , its force begins to wane .
So the sort of closing of intellectual ranks witnessed at UEA was serious and , in the end , self - defeating .
That point is made by the briefest glance at the sort of polemical denials which instantly found their way into the mainstream media after the emails first emerged , and was underlined yesterday by a new BBC poll which showed public scepticism has increased since November .
What Copenhagen did for the chances of a meaningful climate deal , East Anglia has unwittingly done for the prospects of prevailing in the battle for hearts and minds .
Before rushing to judgment on the hapless scientists involved , though , it is as well to recall the peculiar pressures that climate researchers face .
The climate clock is ticking on civilisation and it falls to them to answer the all - important question about just how much time there is left to act .
Providing the answer necessarily involves forecasting the future , inevitably a less certain business than making sense of the present , and yet as much certainty as possible is urgently required .
The blatant foul play of the deniers invites a tit - for - tat response as a matter of human instinct , while the well - grounded suspicion that their aim is squandering precious time provides a seeming rationale for simply cutting them out of the debate .
The temptation to fall into tribalism is , then , understandable enough .
It is also true that many of the specific sins involved , such as partial peer - reviewing and overly zealous defence of one 's own research , are and always have been found in all manner of science departments .
With climate , though , the stakes are higher – and so the standards must be too .
The well - financed interests that are set to pay a heavy price from any curbing of emissions will do anything to discredit those uncovering facts that they would rather keep buried .
Their arguments will get a sympathetic hearing from a public whose understanding can be distorted by the desire for an easy life .
Complacency is tough stuff to puncture ; only the purest strain of truth can be relied on to do the job .
[ Updated 9:01 p.m . ]
The House of Representatives passed the health care " fixes " bill Thursday to send the measure to President Barack Obama 's desk .
The vote ended legislative action on Obama 's top domestic priority by approving changes to the broader health care reform bill the president signed into law earlier this week .
[ Updated 8:47 p.m . ]
The House is currently voting on the " fixes " bill .
[ Updated 6:17 p.m. ]
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Democrats have the votes to pass the measure later Thursday and send it to President Obama to be signed into law .
She said lawmakers want to " finish our work up today " before going on a two - week recess .
[ Updated 3:02 p.m. ]
Senate Majority leader Harry Reid spoke to reporters after the Senate passed the reconciliation health care bill Thursday .
He thanked the public servants who helped pass the bill and championed it as a jobs bill , a landmark health care bill and a " bill of rights . "
[ Updated 2:42 p.m ]
We now have video of the vote on the health care reconciliation bill .
The health care " fixes " bill passed with a vote of 56 - 43 .
[ Posted at 2:16 p.m . ]
The Senate passed the slightly altered health care " fixes " bill Thursday , sending it back to the House of Representatives .
Two minor provisions removed due to a Republican challenge will not affect the new health care law signed Tuesday by President Barack Obama .
LAVALETTE —
A borough father who owes $ 746,058 in back child support to his family in Wayne has no means to pay and should be released , his attorney told the state Family Court in Paterson Wednesday , according to NorthJersey.com
The report said that the attorney for former Wayne resident Mark Taggart , 52 , argued a person cannot be held in jail for punitive reasons if they cannot pay child support .
Taggart 's wife has been in family court 20 times since their divorce in 1999 , partly because Taggard has lived in Vermont , New York , New Jersey , Alabama , Florida , Ohio and California , the report said .
Authorities say the man also has a history of business deals that failed .
This could affect as many as one in four workers in our nation :
Because nearly one in four workers is employed by companies that have contracts with the federal government , administration officials see the plan as a way to shape social policy and lift more families into the middle class .
It would affect contracts like those awarded to make Army uniforms , clean federal buildings and mow lawns at military bases .
The New York Times
President Clinton tried to enforce laws precluding the award of contracts to criminal companies , but Bush II quickly vacated the Clinton administration regulations when he came to office , and criminal companies went wild with delight as they robbed our treasury , screwing workers and the environment with impunity .
And the President probably can do it through executive order .
No Nelson , Liberscum , or Lincoln to screw up the President 's agenda .
Just an executive order limiting the award of government contracts to criminal companies .
Some supporters of the new procurement policy — and even some opponents — say Mr. Obama could impose it through executive order .
They assert that the president has broad powers to issue procurement regulations , just as President John Kennedy did in requiring federal contractors to have companywide equal employment opportunity plans .
The New York Times
Susan Collins , Tom Coburn , and three other Republican senators already have sent a letter objecting to such a policy .
They apparently believe that criminal companies should receive government contracts .
And it might even save the government money :
David Madland , director of the American Workers Project at the Center for American Progress , a liberal research group founded by Mr. Podesta , argues the new policy could lower government costs , instead of raising them .
Many low - wage employees of federal contractors receive Medicaid and food stamps , he said .
Citing studies conducted by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and by academic researchers , he said that contractors that pay their employees well have greater productivity and reliability , while contractors with a record of labor law violations do shoddier construction work .
The New York Times
Madland is right : " This policy is good for workers , it ’s good for taxpayers and it ’s good for high - road businesses . "
The Chamber of Commerce and the Republicans are going ballistic on this .
I hope President Obama follows through on these plans , and it looks like he is going to .
The article comes from leaks from the White House ( " White House officials " )
This is real change and hope .
Fired Up !
Ready to Go !
Update I
This idea builds on a plan suggested by the progressive think tank , Center for American Progress .
CAP Action 's David Madland testifies before the Panel on Defense Acquistion Reform of the House Committee on Armed Services in September 2009 :
Chairman Andrews and Ranking Member Conaway , I am David Madland , Director of the American Worker Project at the Center for American Progress Action Fund .
snip I want to focus on a less well - known but equally critical issue : the pay , benefits and working conditions of the low - wage contract workforce .
As I will explain , the contracting process gives inadequate consideration as to how contractors treat their workforce , which can cause the Department of Defense to receive less than full value for its investments .
In my testimony , I want to make three main points : First , many federally contracted workers have low - quality jobs .
The workers I am talking about sew military uniforms , rebuild army bases , and provide security for secure facilities .
Second , while poor treatment of workers is an important problem in its own right , more to the point of this panel , low pay , limited benefits and poor working conditions impose costs on the government and taxpayers and make it hard for high - road companies to compete .
Third , promoting higher labor standards can be part of a strategy for ensuring better value in contracting .
Center for American Progress
Full Testimony Here : Promoting Higher Labor Standards in Federal Contracting , David Madland Testimony for the House Committee on Armed Services
Twitter users were hit by potent phishing attacks over the weekend that have already led to spam runs from compromised accounts .
Miscreants posted messages disguised as humorous updates on the Twitter micro-blogging service as part of an ongoing attack that started on Saturday .
The messages - which featured phrases such as " Lol . this is me ? ? " , " lol , this is funny . " and " Lol. this you ? ? " - included links to a counterfeit Twitter login page hosted in China , located under the domain BZPharma.net .
The micro-blogging site warned of the attack on Sunday .
It advised anyone that had fallen for the ruse to change their passwords quickly , before hackers had a chance to alter login credentials to hijack compromised accounts .
The BZPharma.net domain prospective marks are directed towards is actually designed to harvest Twitter login details for later misuse in spam and identity theft - based attacks .
Initially , the phishing lures appeared as direct messages on Twitter , but later dangerous links were posted in public feeds often via a service called GroupTweet , net security firm Sophos reports .
GroupTweet coallows direct messages to be sent to multiple and , optionally , distributed more widely .
The miscreants behind the attacks have already begun spamvertising herbal Viagra from the compromised accounts , Sophos warns , adding that the BZPharma .
net domain associated with the Twitter phish has previously been used against Bebo users .
Fools ' gold
In other social networking insecurity developments , many Facebook users are getting hoodwinked into joining a bogus group in order to enjoy supposed benefits of a non-existent Gold account .
The scam started as a prank on the notorious 4 chan image board back in 2007 , but has now taken on a life of its own .
Scammers are using the supposed benefits of the fictitious group to hoodwink users into taking part in a survey that involves subscribing to text messaging services in order to get the results .
Scammers likely receive a cut of the profit as affiliates of these services .
A blog posting by Rik Ferguson of Trend Micro explains : " The survey I tested linked ( via a couple of affiliate marketing services ) to a ' Werewolf vs Vampire ' quiz which promised to tell me which I am , ( surely I should know that already ? )
At the end of the ten questions I am invited to enter my mobile phone number to receive my results .
If I do that I am agreeing to pay a £ 9.00 joining fee followed by £ 9.00 every week until I cancel my membership via SMS . "
Ferguson , who told El Reg that the scam is targeted at UK mobile users , has passed on his findings to PhonePayPlus , the UK regulator of premium rate phone services . ®
Representative Randy Neugebauer , a conservative Republican from Texas , revealed on Monday that he was the lawmaker who shouted “ baby killer ” on the House floor Sunday night as Representative Bart Stupak , a Michigan Democrat , discussed abortion - related aspects of the health care legislation .
In a statement , Mr. Neugebauer , a third - term member of the House from Lubbock , said he was caught up in the passions of the moment and was not referring to Mr. Stupak personally but the health care measure itself .
“ In the heat and emotion of the debate , I exclaimed the phrase ‘ it ’s a baby killer ’ in reference to the agreement reached by the Democratic leadership , ” Mr. Neugebauer said .
“ While I remain heartbroken over the passage of this bill and the tragic consequences it will have for the unborn , I deeply regret that my actions were mistakenly interpreted as a direct reference to Congressman Stupak himself . ”
Mr. Neugebauer said he had apologized to Mr. Stupak and regretted his outburst .
“ The House chamber is a place of decorum and respect , ” he said .
“ The timing and tone of my comment last night was inappropriate . ”
The comment came at the end of a tense weekend that saw protesters yell racial and sexual slurs at Democratic lawmakers outside the Capitol , but Mr. Neugebauer ’s charged comment was on the floor itself .
He was angry over a White House pledge to issue an executive order prohibiting the use of federal dollars to pay for abortions under the legislation , an agreement that won the support of anti-abortion Democrats like Mr. Stupak and allowed passage of the measure .
As Sunday ’s exhausting day - long session ended about midnight , lawmakers who were aware of who had shouted during Mr. Stupak ’s remarks would not identify him .
( I ’m a customer in the check - out line .
I ’m buying a box of tampons for my mom , who is bedridden after surgery .
One of the two customers standing behind me in line speaks up . )
Other Customer : “ Ha - ha what a p****.
He ’s buying tampons . ”
( I ignore the two and move forwards to the cashier .
She ’s an attractive girl of about 20 years old . )
Cashier : “ $ 5.71 after the discount . ”
( I have no idea what discount she ’s talking about , but I pay her and get my change . )
Cashier : * with a smile on her face *
“ Here you go , baby , I ’m taking my break now and I ’ll see you at home at eight .
Just leave the tampons in my car , please . ”
( She leaned over the counter and kissed me on the cheek .
She then turned the light off on the register number and walked off towards the other side of the store .
The two customers watched her with their jaws open and angrily walked off to another register . )
Afghan President Hamid Karzai is considering a peace offer from the militant group Hizb - i - Islami , which is led by warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and linked to the Taliban .
The good news is that this may be a sign of the Karzai government exercising sovereignty by engaging in policies and actions it deems are in the best interest of Afghanistan and its people .
It may also be recognition that power - sharing between the central government in Kabul and the so - called warlords in the provinces is the only way anything resembling peace will be achieved in Afghanistan .
And the initial U.S. reaction has been positive .
According to U.S. spokesperson Caitlin Hayden , " The U.S. does support the Afghan government ’s interest in reaching out to members of insurgent groups that cease support to insurgency , live in accordance with the Afghan constitution , renounce violence , and have no ties to al - Qaeda or terrorist organizations that share its objectives . "
But what does " live in accordance with the Afghan constitution " mean ?
The United States has pushed for a strong central government in Kabul , but Afghanistan has traditionally been governed via a relatively weak central government that shares power with provincial leaders .
Will we not support a peace in Afghanistan if it reverts back to its traditional form of governance ?
Ultimately , the United States should be less concerned by the type of government in Afghanistan and whom it consists of .
The only real U.S. national security requirement is that the Kabul government not support al - Qaeda or any other terrorist group that would attack the United States .
That means even though the previous Taliban government gave shelter and support to Osama bin Laden , the current incarnation of the Taliban – at least those elements that are not tied to al - Qaeda – might be able to be part of governing Afghanistan .
Moreover , it may be impossible to completely eradicate an al - Qaeda presence in Afghanistan – but if that only represents a local threat , then that may be a less - than - perfect situation we have to accept .
The overture by Hekmatyar also highlights some of the larger problems with U.S. policy toward Afghanistan , if not the larger Muslim world .
During the 1980s , Hekmatyar was the recipient of millions of dollars of U.S. military aid to fight the Evil Empire when the Soviet Union occupied Afghanistan .
But Hekmatyar fell from grace afterward because of his role in the ensuing civil war after the Soviet withdrawal .
And he was declared a " global terrorist " by the Bush administration in 2003 .
( Hekmatyar was believed to be behind several attacks in Afghanistan , including a September 2002 car bombing in downtown Kabul that killed 25 civilians , a September 2002 assassination attempt on Hamid Karzai , a January 2003 attack on a United Nations convoy , and a February 2003 rocket attack on a U.S. base in Khost . )
Hekmatyar ’s grievances ?
A foreign military in Afghanistan and a puppet government propped up by the United States .
Sound like a familiar story ?
Does the name " Osama bin Laden " ring a bell ?
More importantly , Hekmatyar is insistent on withdrawal of U.S. forces .
Indeed , he is calling for beginning such a withdrawal this July – one year sooner than President Obama ’s plan ( announced last December ) to surge troops in Afghanistan and begin withdrawing them in 18 months .
Ultimately , U.S. military occupation is at the heart of the problem in Afghanistan .
Not only is it a roadblock to peace in Afghanistan ( foreign military occupation will always be a rallying cry for jihad – you would think we would know that based on the Soviet experience , especially since we helped foment the jihad ) , it is also a threat to U.S. national security , because it needlessly gives credence to the jihadist narrative that the United States is invading Islam , which makes America a target for terrorism .
Blonde darling , Kayden Kross took off her lingerie and started drilling her pussy with a sex toy
Histories of speculative bubbles are popular these days , in large part because they have driven our economy for the last two decades .
First came the tech bubble , whose quasi-utopian promises drew in billions of investment dollars , only to pop its cork in 2000 , dragging the United States into a recession .
That was followed by our recently retired real estate adventure , which threw us and much of the world into The Great Recession .
Given the consequences of these turbulent financial frolics , Bubble Studies has become a popular scholarly field .
Its more well known offerings include John Cassidy 's Dot Con , Charles Kindleberger 's Manias , Panics , and Crashes , and the latest : Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth S. Rogoff 's This Time is Different : A Panoramic View of Eight Centuries of Financial Crises .
The title of that last tome was inspired by the comment of a bitter investor of yesteryear .
" More money has been lost because of four words than at the point of a gun , " he warned .
" Those words are ' This time is different ' . "
As the quote suggests , investors in boom times know that the bubble threat is there , but invariably hope that their beloved industry or commodity will escape that fate .
But now one of our favorite telecom thinkers , Andrew Odlyzko , thinks he 's found a bubble that was a bonfide Good Thing .
Sorry speculators , it has long come and gone — the British Railway Boom of the 1830s , an example of a " giant , wildly speculative , and successful investment mania , " as Odlyzko puts it .
Not only did this surge of development not go south , but " it resulted in the creation of a productive transportation system that had a deep and positive effect on the economy , " Odlyzko argues .
" It also occurred during the formative period of corporate capitalism , and its influence on the shaping of the legal , social , and institutional framework of modern society has been little explored . "
The late strange Railway
One of the reasons why the boom of the 1830s has been ignored , argues Odlyzko , is because it was overshadowed by the British " Railway Mania " of the 1840s , in which a host of investors lost their shirts , among them computer pioneer Charles Babbage , Charles Darwin , and the novelist Charlotte Brontë , soon to recoup her losses with the success of her novel Jane Eyre .
" When I look at my own case , " Brontë wrote to a friend , " and compare it with that of thousands besides — I scarcely see room for a murmer .
Many — very many are — by the late strange Railway system deprived almost of their daily bread . "
But the British railroad development boom of the 1830s was different , Odlyzko says .
Here are some facts that he cites :
At its peak , British investors put more than eight percent of the country 's Gross Domestic Product into railway infrastructure — the equivalent of over $ 1 trillion for the United States now .
Compare that to estimates for upgrading US telecom networks with fiber that go from $ 150 to $ 300 billion .
Following that peak phase , cost overruns pushed British railroad boosters to double that investment — the equal of $ 2 trillion when all was said and done .
" But within a few years they were happy , " Odlyzko notes , " as they were earning above - market returns . "
This investment persisted into the late 1830s despite a huge bank panic and depression ( we had a somewhat smaller crisis here remembered as the Panic of 1837 ) .
Investments in 1838 and 1839 equaled around two percent of GDP each year .
By 1844 , share subscribers to the London and South Western Railway were earning 9.68 % on their pay - in .
" This was regarded as exceptionally lucrative in an era when the risk - free rate on long - term government obligations was about 3 % . "
On the face of the matter
Despite this striking success , prominent economists warned that the great railroad expansion of the 1830s would fail , not in the sense that the railroads would n't be built , but that investors would n't see much gain from their money .
“ On the face of the matter it seems absurd to suppose that both the Great Western Railway , and the London and Southampton , can pay , " wrote John Stewart Mill , " though it is just possible that either of them might , if the other did not exist . "
On the contrary , both did offer nice dividends .
Not that the precautions offered by Mill and others were n't sound , Odlyzko observes .
It is just very hard to predict how these things will work out .
" The railway mania of the 1830s was an extremely speculative one , " he writes .
" Investors relied on an untested technology and an untested demand estimation methodology .
Yet they succeeded ! "
Does this mean that these bubbly financial outbursts are n't so bad after all ?
Odlyzko acknowledges that the railroad boom of the 1830s led in some ways to the disastrous mania of the 1840s .
Many subscribers were required to respond to investment calls for more shares .
Others did so willingly because of the success of 1830s era investment , as The Economist noted in 1845 :
" The origin of the very favourable reception with which railways have met at this time , is no doubt to be traced to the fact that , of all the schemes which originated in the speculative period of 1835 - 36 , they were the only ones which stood the test of the succeeding pressure , without any disastrous losses . "
But he wants his readers to get the larger message : " The British railway mania of the 1830s is neglected and misrepresented in the literature , " Odlyzko concludes .
" It was a giant and very speculative undertaking that succeeded .
That time was really different .
This is something that policy makers should keep in mind in considering episodes of great investment exuberance . "
So are bubbles good ?
We 're not sure what policy makers should conclude from these observations .
We 're also not sure whether we accept the periodization implied here , which seems to put the successes of the 1830s and the failures of the 1840s into separate historical compartments .
And we'd like to see a few more historical exceptions like this one uncovered before we conclude that it does n't prove the cautionary rule , so to speak , about bubbles .
Still , we appreciate the idea that these moments of social , financial , and technological fervor are not all bad .
It 's difficult to imagine , for example , that the open source code / database advances that we associate with Web 2.0 would have flourished without the spectacular wave of collective learning that took place during the height of the dot bomb era—1995 through 1999 .
Indeed , it is right during that period that the term " web log " was coined .
If Odlyzko is right , then the next question is how you let these speculative outbursts unleash their potential productive good , while making sure that the rest of us lemmings do n't run off the proverbial economic cliff .
That 's a tough problem which waits , perhaps , for a less partisan and less ideological era than ours to take on .
Psychiatry News has a piece out this month about how men should n't be overlooked as victims of domestic violence , saying that :
Women are doing virtually everything these days that men are — working as doctors , lawyers , and rocket scientists ; flying helicopters in combat ; riding horses in the Kentucky Derby .
And physically assaulting their spouses or partners .
Advertisement
According to a study of relationships that engage in nonreciprocal violence , a whopping 70 % are perpetrated by women .
So basically that means that girls are beating up their BFs and husbands and the dudes are n't fighting back .
With Amy Winehouse busting open a can of whupass on her husband last week , we decided to conduct an informal survey of the Jezebels to see who 's gotten violent with their men .
After reviewing the answers , let 's just say that it'd be wise to never ever fuck with us .
One Jezebel got into it with a dude while they were breaking up , while another Jez went nuts on her guy and began violently shoving him .
One of your editors heard her boyfriend flirting on the phone with another girl , so she slapped the phone out of his hands and hit him in the face and neck ... " partially open handed . "
Another editor slapped a guy when " he told me he thought he had breast cancer . "
( Okay , that one made us laugh really hard . )
And lastly , one Jez punched a steady in the face and broke his glasses .
He had discovered a sex story she was writing about another dude on her laptop , so he picked it up and threw it .
And that 's when she socked him .
He was , uh , totally asking for it .
Advertisement
Men Should n't Be Overlooked as Victims of Partner Violence [ Psychiatry Online ]
Other proposals being considered as part of strategic review include axing Asian Network , placing cap on sports rights outlay , selling off BBC magazines and cutting film and TV show acquisition budget
The BBC's web output could be cut in half , with online staff numbers and budgets to be slashed by 25 % following director general Mark Thompson 's strategic review of the corporation 's scope and activities .
Other cuts being given serious consideration as part of the review include axing digital radio stations BBC 6 Music and the Asian Network , putting a cap on spending on sports rights at 8.5 % of the licence fee , or about £ 300 m a year , cutting the £ 100 m foreign film and TV show acquisitions budget by 25 % , and selling off BBC Magazines , according to today 's Times .
Other proposals include the closure of cross media brands BBC Switch and BBC Blast , which are aimed at teenagers .
The proposed cuts would save £ 600 m which would be reinvested in UK - originated content and are based on the assumption that the licence fee would be frozen in 2013 , the Times reported .
This suggests that the BBC is preparing for a Tory government after this year 's general election , as the Conservatives have threatened to freeze the licence fee .
It is understood no final decisions have been taken on the outcome of Thompson 's strategic review , with debate continuing between the BBC executive board , led by the director general , and the BBC Trust — the corporation 's governance and regulatory body , which will have to sign off on the changes .
The BBC is expected to announce the outcome of the review next month , or possibly in April if further debate is needed .
A source close to the BBC Trust said today that the strategic review is still " at the stage of discussions " , and that no one at the corporation knows exactly what the outcome will be on services and spending priorities , because this has not been agreed .
There are understood to be a number of proposals still being debated internally within the BBC , but they remain options , rather than finally agreed changes .
It is understood that the review will be discussed by the BBC Trust at its next monthly meeting in March .
In November Thompson indicated that the review was likely to lead to the closure of some of the BBC 's digital TV and radio services , a reduction in its website output , less money spent on foreign acquisitions and more investment in original UK production .
Proposals now being discussed by senior BBC executives and the BBC Trust include halving the number of web pages the corporation publishes , according to the Times .
The BBC website will publish fewer stories and instead look to produce more original video and audio content .
The Times reported that BBC Online 's current £ 112 m budget would be slashed by 25 % , as would staff numbers .
The Future , Media and Technology division , of which BBC Online is one part , employs 1,400 staff .
If implemented , this cutback in the scope and budget of the BBC's web operation will be welcomed by commercial rivals , particularly given that last year the BBC Trust sanctioned a 27 % increase in the corporation 's annual online budget to more than £ 145 m per year over a three - year period .
According to BBC Trust - approved figures the budget for BBC Online for 2009 / 10 is currently set at £ 133.8 m .
For 2010 / 11 it will be £ 135.8 m .
The BBC will also introduce a hyperlink on every webpage it publishes to funnel more traffic to commercial services , a move FM&T chief Erik Huggers indicated was on the cards in an interview in December .
In 2008 the BBC Trust heavily criticised the BBC website for failing in its role to act as a " trusted guide " to the internet and hoarding web traffic .
Another proposal being given serious consideration , according to the Times , is to sell off commercial subsidiary BBC Worldwide 's magazine business , which publishes titles including the Radio Times and Top Gear .
BBC
Worldwide would also be asked to focus more on commercial exploitation of the corporation 's content overseas rather than in the UK .
In November BBC Trust chairman Sir Michael Lyons told BBC Worldwide to look at a three - year action plan including earmarking a potential sell - off of the titles .
Another option is to licence the magazines to rival publishers while maintaining strict brand guidelines .
In September Jana Bennett , the director of BBC Vision , said that BBC2's budget would be increased significantly over the next three years with a 50 % boost in drama spend – in line with Thompson 's pledge at a Voice of the Listener and Viewer conference in central London in November to focus more on " original British content " .
The strategic review will also see BBC2 and BBC4 more closely together .
At one point senior executives had considered merging the channels , however MediaGuardian .co.uk revealed in January that both BBC3 and BBC4 would emerge unscathed from the strategic review .
Earlier this month Caroline Thomson , the BBC 's chief operating officer , admitted to the House of Lords communications committee that the Asian Network was under review and that its future was in doubt .
Jeremy Dear , general secretary of the National Union of Journalists , said that the union would fight the cuts , with industrial action if necessary .
" If true , these cuts will result not just in the loss of hundreds of jobs , but the loss of valuable , quality output aimed at young people and the Asian communities .
We will fight them with all our might , " added Dear .
" I will be meeting with BBC management today , where I will seek assurances around job security for our NUJ members at the BBC and will make clear that we will do everything that 's required – including taking industrial action , if necessary , to defend jobs at the BBC . "
The BBC declined to comment on the detailed proposals being discussed as part of the strategy review , but issued the following statement : " Last summer , the BBC Trust challenged the BBC to develop a new strategy to meet the opportunities and the threats of the rapidly changing media landscape .
Although the details have yet to be agreed – and today 's press speculation is therefore premature – the BBC expects to present its proposals to the BBC Trust in the near future .
" At the core of the strategy will be a renewed commitment to serving the British public with programmes and services of the highest quality .
Audiences admire and value the BBC 's digital services and the BBC will remain fully committed to online and to digital television and radio .
" But the new strategy will lay out ways of focusing and concentrating licence fee investment on areas and services which are distinctive and best fulfil the BBC 's public purposes , which meet the expectations of licence - payers but also leave plenty of space for commercial media providers . "
The BBC Trust chairman , Sir Michael Lyons , said : " We will shortly be publishing the director general 's proposals , to find out what licence - fee payers think of them and to test opinions and reactions to them from outside the BBC .
" This is consistent with the trust 's approach of basing all its work on the views and interests of licence - fee payers .
We take very seriously the privilege of licence - fee funding and we recognise the direct and over - riding responsibility we have to those who pay for the BBC .
" A major driver behind this review is the fact that both audiences and industry have raised concerns about whether the BBC should focus more sharply on its public - service mission .
And we want to ensure that the BBC spreads licence - fee money only as far as it can go to deliver quality content and that it asks the public for no more money than it needs to do this . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
The usual suspects have been attacking Obama for “ demonizing ” insurance companies ; but saying that people do terrible things is n’t demonization if they do , in fact , do terrible things .
And health insurers do , because they have huge financial incentives to act in an inhumane way — most obviously , by revoking coverage when people get sick , using whatever rationale they can devise .
Read this report by Murray Waas on Assurant Health ( previously called Fortis ) , which used a computer algorithm to identify every client with HIV , then systematically revoked coverage on the flimsiest of grounds — and appears to have systematically hidden any paper trail showing how it made its decisions :
The South Carolina Supreme Court , in upholding the jury ’s verdict in the case in a unanimous 5 - 0 opinion , said that it agreed with the lower court ’s finding that Fortis destroyed records to hide the corporation ’s misconduct .
Supreme Court Chief Justice Jean Hoefer
Toal wrote : “ The lack of written rescission policies , the lack of information available regarding appealing rights or procedures , the separate policies for rescission documents ” as well as the “ omission ” of other records regarding the decision to revoke Mitchell ’s insurance , constituted “ evidence that Fortis tried to conceal the actions it took in rescinding his policy . ”
And what basis did the company use for revoking coverage ?
Fortis canceled Mitchell ’s health insurance based on a single erroneous note from a nurse in his medical records that indicated that he might have been diagnosed prior to his obtaining his insurance policy .
When the company ’s investigators discovered the note , they ceased further review of Mitchell ’s records for evidence to the contrary , including the records containing the doctor ’s diagnosis .
Still , this must have been an outlier , a scuzzy company that was n’t at all typical , right ?
But in that case , why was the CEO one of the people who testified on behalf of the insurance industry ?
On June 16 , 2009 , the House Energy and Commerce Committee , held a hearing on the practice of rescission by health insurance companies , and among the industry executives who testified was Don Hamm , the CEO and President of Assurant Health .
Hamm insisted before the committee that rescission was a necessary tool for Assurant and other health insurance companies to hold the cost of premiums down for other policyholders .
Hamm asserted that rescission was “ one of many protections supporting the affordability and viability of individual health insurance in the United States under our present system . ”
And as the story points out , the evidence is that the overwhelming majority of rescissions , not just at Assurant but across the board , are , in fact , without justification .
The crucial thing to understand is that depending on how a few Democrats vote sometime soon , stories like this will either cease happening — or continue , and get much worse .
The proposed health care reform would end discrimination based on pre-existing conditions , and therefore end the threat of rescission as well .
And to repeat what I and other have repeatedly explained , you need the whole package to make this work .
You ca n’t end discrimination based on medical history unless you require that health as well as sick people have insurance , to broaden the risk pool .
And you ca n’t mandate coverage unless you provide aid to those who otherwise could n’t afford it .
Right now , we have a system that creates huge incentives for bad , one might say demonic , behavior : Assurant made $ 150 million by revoking coverage , almost always without cause .
We can end all of that — not in some indefinite future , but with a single vote right now .
Just do it .
MARC FABER : FABER : - USA vil ha nullrente for alltid
Marc Faber advarer myndighetene mot å la seddelpressen gå .
ADVARER : Som professor Nouriel Roubini er Marc Faber blitt kjent som en superpessimist - eller Dr. Doom .
Vis mer byoutline Gloomboomdoom.com
Publisert : Oppdatert : 18 . mars 2010 17:18 , Publisert : 18 . mars 2010 15:36
Investoren Marc Faber , også kjent som Dr. Doom , er uhyre skeptisk til den massiv trykkingen av penger som foregår i vestlige land .
Han mener at det til slutt vil føre til en total kollpas .
- Å trykke penger er en måte for myndigheter i stillhet å misligholde sin gjeld , skriver Faber i sin siste markedsrapport " Gloom , Boom and Doom Report " ifølge CNBC .
Vanner ut kjøpekraften
Han mener at når privatpersoner eller bedrifter misligholder sin gjeld går det utover de som har lånt ut penger på en relativt rettferdig måte .
Slik er det ikke med trykking av penger , som en måte å misligholde gjelden på .
- Hvis myndigheter velger å misligholde gjelden gjennom å trykke penger , så er ikke byrden ved misligholdet fordelt på samme måte , skriver Faber .
Årsaken til at seddelpressen med tilhørende inflasjon kan betraktes som mislighold av statsgjeld , er fordi man benytter inflasjonen til å gjøre penger mindre verdt og dermed også den utestående statsgjelden mindre verdt .
- Mislighold gjennom å trykke penger skjer ved at tilbakebetalingen til kreditorene skjer med penger som har falt betydelig i kjøpekraft , skriver Faber .
Han sier at tegn på lavere kjøpekraft i en bestemt valuta er at levekostandene øker , at valutaen faller i verdi mot andre valutaer eller edle metaller og råvarer som olje .
Spår massiv inflasjon
USA er blant landene som har latt seddelpressen gå under krisen .
Vanlig økonomisk teori tilsier at det vil øke inflasjonen , men i USA er det foreløpig få tegn til at inflasjonen er kommet ut av kontroll .
Ferske tall for prisveksten onsdag viser at prisene har steget 2,1 prosent det seneste året .
Faber mener dog at det kun er et spørsmål om tid før inflasjonen stiger kraftig .
- Jeg tror at rentene i USA for alltid vil være null , og med det mener jeg at renten vil være lavere enn inflasjonen .
Det vil føre til masse inflasjon , men inflasjon har mange symptomer , skriver Faber .
Stigende inflasjon gjør også at Faber anbefaler investorer å holde seg unna obligasjoner og kontanter de kommende ti årene , og holde seg til aksjer .
Men seddelprssen vil til slutt føre til en økonomisk kollaps , ifølge pessimisten .
- Før vi har den endelig kollapsen , som vil være en kollaps preget av sterkt fallende priser , vil vi se mer og mer trykking av penger , spår Faber .
Flere nyheter på E24 .
The Tiananmen Square massacre and other subjects sensitive to Beijing were searchable on Google China Tuesday after years of censorship , according to a report by MSNBC .
Searches on Google.cn – the Chinese langauge version of Google – for Tiananmen Square revealed images of army tanks rolling through Beijing , and a search for the Dalai Lama produced photos and working links to the official website for the spiritual leader of Tibet .
But it was unclear if the same pages were available within China , and the Monitor was unable to immediately verify the following report from MSNBC .
" ...' Tiananmen Square massacre ' was typed in , deliberately choosing the more controversial phrase instead of ' Tiananmen Square incident . '
" Once again , a long list of results appeared , detailing the military crackdown on protesters on 4 June 1989 .
The famous picture of a lone man blocking a line of tanks was among them .
" Each time , simply clicking on the links to the results enabled the sites to be accessed without any difficulty . "
A Google spokesman in the US told MSNBC that censorship had not stopped .
" We have not changed our operations in China , " Scott Rubin old MSNBC .
MSNBC said the Chinese government may have implemented the changes , which could be a sign that the government is softening its stance to retain the California - based Internet giant .
According to reports , Google is on the verge of shutting its China operations .
Google is reportedly “ 99.9 percent sure ” it will close its search engine in China because of stalled negotiations over censorship and the government ’s continued insistence on blocking websites , The Financial Times reported Friday .
A person close to the company said Google executives remained “ adamant ” about ending censorship in China .
" If Google leaves , it 's a lose - lose scenario , instead of Google loses and others gain , " Edward Yu , president of Analysys International , a Beijing research firm , told the Associated Press .
As the Monitor 's Peter Ford reported in January , the Chinese government has sought to cast Google ’s threat to withdraw from China unless it can provide uncensored search results as primarily a commercial dispute .
A recent poll showed that 87 percent of Chinese web users believe Internet access is a basic right .
Twitter was aflutter with speculation that China had dropped its Google censorship .
“ Haha , wow .
Go Google ! ” said one person .
by Kristy Welsh
( Last Updated On : December 29 , 2014 )
This past week a bill was introduced by Minnesota Legislators which will require debt buyers in the state to follow strict , new guidelines on the collection activity associated with purchased debt , along with the verification process utilized by the associated accounts receivable management firms .
House bill HF 2996 and Senate bill SF2689 are being championed by Minnesota State Representative Joe Mullery and Senator Ron Latz .
The bills seek to require debt buyers filing collection lawsuits against consumers to produce specific documented proof in advance that the borrower in question owes the unpaid debt .
Under the proposed legislation , failure to attach the required documents to a lawsuit or court summons could lead to penalties of as much as $ 2,500 per violation , and consumers would have the right to sue for damages .
The proposals also address the issue of “ re-aging ” debt , which restarts the statute of limitations on the debt after a payment has been made .
The combination of the proposed changes will make it much more difficult for debt buyers to pursue consumer debt , especially in situations where the amounts cannot be verified .
Under the existing state laws , debt collectors can re-start the clock on debts that have passed the expiration of the statute of limitations through convincing unwary consumers to make a small payment , which re-sets the default date .
The proposed legislation is designed to eliminate this deceptive practice , as the documentation required would include a signed affidavit stating the debt has not passed the statute of limitations .
Debt buyers make their living through the purchase of multimillion - dollar debt portfolios that have been charged off by credit - card companies , retailers and others for pennies on the dollar , then seek to make a profit by collecting more than what they paid .
The age of the debt bought and sold can vary from just a few months to ten years or more .
The passage of this legislation may well provide some relief to individuals who have been struggling with debt during these difficult economic times .
It is also possible that through the process increasing regulation of debt recovery , the losses on these old debts will result in an even further reduction of available credit to consumers .
Does it not make complete sense that a debt collector should have to prove the debt is valid before beginning collection proceedings ?
In fact , taking it one step further , perhaps a creditor should not even be permitted to sell or assign a debt without the original documentation proving that the debt is valid .
What do you think , readers – a long time coming for an obviously needed change ?
In fact , more appropriate as a Federal action as opposed to leaving it for the states to individually determine ?
Let us know your thoughts by leaving a comment !
Editor 's note : David Frum writes a weekly column for CNN.com .
A resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , he was special assistant to President Bush in 2001 - 2 .
He is the author of six books , including " Comeback : Conservatism That Can Win Again " and the editor of FrumForum .
Washington ( CNN ) --
What the hell do we Republicans do now ?
In the very short run , our course is obvious enough :
There will be more votes on health care in the Senate , and we will vote nay again .
But this is anti-climax territory .
The decisive vote occurred Sunday night .
The " what next ? " question pertains to the days further ahead , after President Obama signs the merged House - Senate legislation and " Obamacare " becomes the law of the land .
Some Republicans talk of repealing the whole bill .
That 's not very realistic .
Even supposing that Republicans miraculously capture both houses of Congress in November , repeal will require a presidential signature .
More relevantly : Do Republicans write a one - sentence bill declaring that the whole thing is repealed ?
Will they vote to reopen the " doughnut " hole for prescription drugs for seniors ?
To allow health insurers to deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions ?
To kick millions of people off Medicaid ?
It 's unimaginable , impossible .
But there are things that can be done , and here are some early priorities :
1 ) One of the worst things about the Democrats ' plan is the method of financing : an increase in tax on high - income earners .
At first that tax bites only a very small number , but the new taxes will surely be applied to larger and larger portions of the American population over time .
Republicans champion lower taxes and faster economic growth .
We need to start thinking now about how to get rid of these new taxes on work , saving and investment -- if necessary by finding other sources of revenue , including carbon taxes .
2 ) We should quit defending employment - based health care .
The leading Republican spokesman in the House on these issues , Rep. Paul Ryan , repeatedly complained during floor debate that the Obama plan would " dump " people out of employer - provided care into the exchanges .
He said that as if it were a bad thing .
Yet free - market economists from Milton Friedman onward have identified employer - provided care as the original sin of American health care .
Employers choose different policies for employees than those employees would choose for themselves .
The cost is concealed .
Wages are depressed without employees understanding why .
The day when every employee in America gets his or her insurance through an exchange will be a good day for market economics .
It 's true that the exchanges are subsidized .
So is employer - provided care , to the tune of almost $ 200 billion a year .
3 ) We should call for reducing regulation of the policies sold inside the health care exchanges .
The Democrats ' plans require every policy sold within the exchanges to meet certain strict conditions .
American workers will lose the option of buying more basic but cheaper plans .
It will be as if the only cable packages available were those that include all the premium channels .
No bargains in that case .
Republicans should press for more scope for insurers to cut prices if they think they can offer an attractive product that way .
4 ) The Democratic plan requires businesses with payrolls more than $ 500,000 to buy health insurance for their workers or face fines of $ 2,000 per worker .
Could there be a worse time to heap this new mandate on smaller employers ?
Health insurance comes out of employee wages , plain and simple .
Employers who do not offer health insurance must compete for labor against those who do -- and presumably pay equivalent wages for equivalent work .
Uninsured employees have now through the exchanges been provided an easy and even subsidized way to buy their own coverage .
There is no justification for the small - business fine : Republicans should press for repeal .
That platform is ambitious enough -- but also workable , enactable and likely to appeal to voters .
After 18 months of overheated rhetoric , it 's time at last for Republicans to get real .
I 've been on a soapbox for months now about the harm that our overheated talk is doing to us .
Yes , it mobilizes supporters -- but by mobilizing them with hysterical accusations and pseudo - information , overheated talk has made it impossible for representatives to represent and elected leaders to lead .
Now the overheated talk is about to get worse .
Over the past 48 hours , I 've heard conservatives compare the House bill to the Kansas - Nebraska Act of 1854 -- a decisive step on the path to the Civil War .
Conservatives have whipped themselves into spasms of outrage and despair that block all strategic thinking .
Or almost all .
The vitriolic talking heads on conservative talk radio and shock TV have very different imperatives from people in government .
Talk radio thrives on confrontation and recrimination .
When Rush Limbaugh said that he wanted Obama to fail , he was intelligently explaining his own interests .
What he omitted to say -- but what is equally true -- is that he also wants Republicans to fail .
If Republicans succeed -- if they govern successfully in office and negotiate attractive compromises out of office -- Rush 's listeners get less angry .
And if they are less angry , they listen to the radio less and hear fewer ads for Sleep Number beds .
So today 's defeat for free - market economics and Republican values is a huge win for the conservative entertainment industry .
Their listeners and viewers will be even more enraged , even more frustrated , even more disappointed in everybody except the responsibility - free talkers on television and radio .
For them , it 's mission accomplished .
For the cause they purport to represent , however , the " Waterloo " threatened by GOP Sen .
Jim DeMint last year regarding Obama and health care has finally arrived all right :
Only it turns out to be our own .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .
By Sean Coughlan
BBC News education and family
The top universities in the US are now charging more than $ 50,000 per year
Here 's a figure that will chill the blood of any parent thinking about sending their child to university .
It 's a price tag of more than $ 200,000 - about £ 132,000 - for a four - year undergraduate course at one of the leading universities in the United States .
It means that as well as student loans there are also parent loans - with huge sums of money borrowed by people who might have been planning for their retirement .
And it 's the middle - income families who are facing the toughest squeeze .
In England a major review of university funding and students ' fees is under way .
What would happen to the cost of going to university if there were no fixed limits ?
' Established for advancement ' Boston in the United States , with its concentration of universities and colleges , provides a thumbnail sketch of what a free market might produce .
MIT pays more than $ 80 m in financial support to students
In the entrance hall of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology there is a carved sign that reads : " Established for advancement . "
And it raises questions about higher education that are being asked across the developed world : Whose advancement ?
And who is going to pay for it ?
Does a university exist for the advancement of learning ?
Or is it there for the advancement of society and the economy ?
Is it there to help social mobility ?
Or is it there for the advancement of the individual student ?
Students who make it through the tough competition for a place at MIT will be paying for four years at more than $ 50,000 ( £ 32,600 ) in annual fees and charges - a figure not unusual for the leading institutions .
So what does this mean for anyone wanting to be a student here ?
Tipping point Elizabeth
Hicks is in charge of student financial aid at MIT and she admits to being very worried about the sustainability of the current system for supporting students .
President Obama has warned of families unable to afford college " I 'm afraid we 're at some kind of tipping point , " she says .
Even though the cost might seem sky - high , she says the real cost of tuition is double what is charged - and the university has to use endowments to subsidise student places .
It also expects to spend more than $ 80 m ( £ 53 m ) in financial support to students - so that it can recruit the best students regardless of their family income .
" But families are still shocked by the sticker price , " she says , particularly those caught in the " middle income squeeze " .
UNIVERSITY FUNDING BBC
News website is looking at higher education in a series of features :
University funding squeeze
More students , but who will pay ?
Reaction from around the web
The rich can afford the cost ( about a third of students get no support at all ) - and the poorest will get the maximum support from scholarships and state aid .
But for the majority in the middle , who might already have been saving for college , it means a major stretch on cash and borrowing .
In terms of the toughest pressure point , where the support fades away and the big bills arrive , she says it is for families with a combined income of around $ 130,000 ( £ 86,000 ) .
Changing jobs market
What makes it even tougher for families is the feeling of being caught in a double whammy .
Student Marsida Tirana says the system is n't fair , " but life is n't fair " .
They might not really be able to afford to send their children to university - but they also feel they cannot afford not to send them .
Well - paid , blue - collar manufacturing jobs are disappearing - and without a degree there is the fear that youngsters will have to rely on insecure , badly - paid service jobs .
President Barack Obama , pledging more financial support for students , described this fear over costs as " the college acceptance letter your child had to put back in the envelope " .
While families are having to take out the equivalent of another mortgage , there are other consequences for universities .
How can they find the best students if cost becomes a barrier ?
" We 're selling places for half the real cost .
But we do n't just want people who can afford to pay .
We 're really committed to diversity .
We do n't want it to be simply an institution for the privileged , " Ms Hicks says .
She also takes a longer - term view on the pressure on student finance - having looked after the US Department of Education 's student finance programme under the Clinton administration .
' Who should pay ? '
Student support for many universities was once a couple of people operating out of an office , she says , now it 's a massive , multi-billion operation , trying to achieve the balancing act of funding the huge rise in demand for university places .
Kristen Smith says cost is a major factor in choosing where to study " I worry about how sustainable this is ...
There is an expectation that more and more people will want qualifications to help them succeed - and it should be a top priority for government .
" But the question is : ' Who should pay ? ' "
From the perspective of the funding debate in England , another difference with the US system is the way that the different " price points " create such a variety of options .
There are about a hundred different universities and colleges in the Boston area .
These include international giants like Harvard and MIT , but there are also similarly - expensive major private universities such as Boston University and Northeastern University .
Along with the traditional , non - profit private universities , there is also a growing sector of for - profit universities , which have been buying out some of the smaller colleges .
Community colleges
There are also specialist institutions - such as law schools and those with particular religious affiliations , all with their own menu of prices .
Even within universities different courses will have different prices .
Elizabeth
Hicks fears for the future sustainability of the funding system
For medicine , the tuition fees alone - before any other obligatory academic charges - can be in excess of $ 50,000 ( £ 32,600 ) per year .
And at the other end of the scale , community colleges offer a route into higher education for those with less cash or those working and wanting to improve their qualifications .
These charge by the individual course credit - and studying might be spread over a number of years .
In Boston , the cost of 20 credits at a community college might be $ 3,000 ( £ 1,955 ) .
Among the biggest providers of publicly - funded higher education across the United States is the network of state universities .
Boston has one of five campuses of the University of Massachusetts .
It 's an airy , modern building on the waterfront , a few subway stops away from the city centre .
Many of the students here will be the first in their family to go to university - and spokesman Will Kilburn says that is a reflection of the huge expansion in recent decades of people wanting to go to university .
The old industries are disappearing and he says more and more families feel they need to get their children into university - fearing the tough life of the minimum wage and insecure employment .
Students from Massachusetts receive a discount here , paying about $ 12,000 ( £ 7,820 ) per year in tuition and fees - half of what out - of - state students are charged and much less than other local universities such as MIT or Harvard .
Unfair advantage Students here are keenly aware of both the cost of their courses - and their relative worth in the academic pecking order .
Psychology student , Kristen Smith , says she expects to be in her forties before she pays off her university debts , which are already at $ 80,000 ( £ 53,000 ) and rising .
And she says unambiguously that students are choosing universities based on cost .
It 's a big sacrifice for herself and her family , she says , but worth the investment .
Not going " was never an option " .
But despite the scale of the cost to all students , she fears students from the more expensive universities will have an unfair advantage in the jobs market .
" It 's not fair that because you go to Harvard you get a better job .
We start behind the pack and have to work harder to get the same accolades , " she says .
A sports student talks of his worry that his single - parent mother has used her retirement money to pay for him to go to university .
Business student Marsida Tirana says young people of her generation face years of debt , leaving people in a " crazy situation " .
But she says an even greater fear is not going to university at all .
" It 's not fair .
But life 's not fair , " she says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Personal thoughts on Linux desktop , distro & # Cloud communities , open source , privacy & freedom , life and whatever else comes up
Background
In a recent survey conducted by the well - respected Field Poll , 56 % of registered voters in the state of California said that they favored legalization of marijuana and only 32 % opposed it .
Because a bill was introduced in the State Assembly to legalize marijuana and treat it like alcohol , the State Board of Equalization , California ’s version of the IRS , ran an economic analysis and concluded that legalization would bring in $ 1.4 billion a year in tax revenue .
In a state where basic services are being slashed because of lack of funds , this is a figure not to be ignored .
In 1996 , California voters approved the use of medical marijuana .
There are now more than 900 medical marijuana dispensaries in Los Angeles alone , although the Los Angeles City Council has threatened to shut down most ( but not all ) of them .
Many people have criticized the concept of medical marijuana as nothing more than a cover to allow healthy Californians to buy marijuana .
They ’re right .
Before going on , I do want to acknowledge that there are legitimate medical uses for marijuana .
My own brother - in - law , when he was in the final stages of terminal cancer , was prescribed the drug to deal with his lack of appetite and his anxiety about his impending death .
I saw that it did what it was supposed to do .
However , most people who buy legal marijuana in California are really not ill .
The current state of affairs is a transitional stage on the way to inevitable full legalization .
Obtaining a Prescription
The first step is the hardest and , for many people , the most intimidating .
To obtain a prescription , you have to be able to prove that you are a legal resident of California .
A driver ’s license will do the trick .
Start by going to WeedMaps.com and find a dispensary near you .
After choosing a dispensary , knock on their door , explain that you do not yet have a prescription and ask if there is an appropriate doctor nearby .
More likely than not , there is , sometimes even in the same building .
Doctors usually charge between $ 100 and $ 200 for a marijuana - related consultation .
The doctor will ask you to fill out a form that includes a long list of possible symptoms .
If you are a member of the Baby Boom Generation , you probably wo n’t even have to lie .
If you are approved , the doctor will give you a card or a sheet of paper identifying you as a holder of a prescription for cannabis products .
Actually , doctors do not issue “ prescriptions ” as such , but rather “ recommendations . ”
Still , it is easier to refer to the certificates as prescriptions .
Government - Approved Marijuana IDs
If you are a serious patient in need of marijuana , it is possible to apply for a county - issued medical marijuana ID card .
Such cards are approved for patients with AIDS , cancer , glaucoma , arthritis , anorexia , epilepsy , multiple sclerosis and a few other diseases and conditions .
Your doctor will have to supply a copy of your medical records and you will have to pay an additional fee .
First Visit
When you enter a dispensary , a clerk will make a telephone call to verify your prescription .
Once it is approved , the clerk will make a copy of your prescription and your driver ’s license .
The next time you visit this particular dispensary , you will only be required to show your driver ’s license .
You will then be led to a sales room containing a variety of cannabis products .
Depending on the dispensary , you might find marijuana chocolate bars , marijuana teas and sodas , marijuana butter , marijuana ice cream and marijuana hot sauce and salad dressing .
It is also possible to purchase hashish , pre-rolled cigarettes , seeds and seedlings .
( A prescription allows you to grow plants for personal use . )
Most customers ( a.k.a. “ patients ” ) want to buy straight herb to be smoked .
Most dispensaries charge $ 15 - 25 for a gram and $ 45 - 65 for an eighth of an ounce , and they offer a wide variety of brands .
Do n’t forget that sales tax will be added to the list price .
There are two kinds of cannabis : sativa ( more cerebral ) and indica ( more physical ) .
All dispensaries encourage you to smell different brands and some allow you to examine the goods under a magnifying glass .
First - time visitors are usually offered a gift , such as a lighter , a discount , a rolled joint or some shake ( loose marijuana that has fallen off the buds ) .
Warning # 1 : Potency
You may have heard some scary tales about today ’s marijuana being more powerful than standard Mexican drug cartel marijuana .
This is true .
One should exercise caution when smoking medical marijuana and start will small doses .
This warning applies even more seriously to edibles and drinkables , which are easy to overconsume .
Pay close attention to the dose recommended on the label or by the sales clerk .
Warning # 2 : Legal Issues
The legal status of marijuana is still ambiguous .
On October 19 , 2009 , the Obama administration issued a game - changing memo to United States Attorneys around the country to stop using their limited resources prosecuting users and providers who are in compliance with state law .
Nonetheless , until marijuana is fully legal , local district attorneys still have the option of cracking down on dispensaries .
For example , Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley , apparently angling to earn the Republican nomination for lieutenant governor or some other state office , has declared that any dispensary that is operating on a for - profit basis is illegal , and he intends to shut them all down .
Considering that he deals with a sheriff ’s department that , in a typical week , records 6 murders , 12 rapes , 310 burglaries , 117 robberies and 210 cases of aggravated assault , it is unclear how much support for his anti-dispensary effort Cooley will earn from the citizens who voted him into office .
Warning # 3 : Health Dangers
Smoking marijuana , like smoking tobacco , is bad for your lungs .
It is also not wise to drive while under the influence of marijuana , even though it is probably not as dangerous as driving under the influence of alcohol .
In fact , even if you have a prescription for marijuana , it is illegal to drive while under the influence .
Types of Dispensaries
Neighborhood Shops
The most common kind of dispensary is a small local one that , were it selling groceries rather than cannabis , would be known as a “ mom - and - pop store . ”
These service a neighborhood clientele and offer an adequate variety of products .
Patients must have their prescription cleared before being allowed into the sales area .
It is these neighborhood stores that are most likely to be shut down in Los Angeles .
Vapor Rooms
A step up from the neighborhood stores are establishments that also provide a Vapor Room , in which “ patients ” can take their “ medicine . ”
Simple vapor rooms may include couches , soft chairs , a television , magazines , and a video game system .
Normal snacks are also available for purchase .
More advanced vapor rooms also provide smoking apparatuses .
Delivery Services
People who are too famous , too busy or too shy to visit a dispensary in person have the option of contacting a cannabis delivery service .
Delivery services are also useful for people who really are taking marijuana for a medical condition .
The procedure is not unlike ordering pizza , although in the case of marijuana deliveries it is possible to view a variety of merchandise before choosing what you want to buy .
Customers order their goods online or on the phone and then a delivery person comes to the door .
As with the shops , it is necessary to show your prescription and ID the first time , after which you will only have to show your ID .
As with pizzas , it ’s nice to give a tip .
The Open Storefront ( a.k.a. The Future )
In Los Angeles , as an example , there is a three - store chain of dispensaries called The Farmacy .
Unlike the neighborhood shops , The Farmacy ’s doors are open to the street and anyone is welcome to go inside and browse .
The Farmacy also sells non-cannabis products , including cosmetics , Chinese herbal medicines and vitamin supplements .
However , the staff will not discuss the cannabis products with you unless you present your prescription .
The Path to Legalization
poll conducted in October by Mason - Dixon Polling & Research showed that in Los Angeles , voters under the age of 35 favor full legalization of marijuana by a 4 - 1 margin ( 72% - 18 % ) .
This has led some advocates to press for delaying a statewide vote on legalization until 2012 , rather than 2010 , because young voters are more likely to participate in a presidential election year .
However , a legalization initiative might actually draw young voters to the polls more than an Obama vs. Some Republican rematch .
In fact , one initiative , The Tax , Regulate , and Control Cannabis Act of 2010 , which would legalize marijuana for those over the age of 21 , appears to have already gained enough signatures for the November 2010 ballot .
Whether it occurs because of legislative action or at the ballot box , it is only a matter of time before marijuana is legalized in California and treated like alcohol .
When this happens , there will probably be a clash with the federal government over the issue of states ’ rights .
At this point , it is unclear how this will play out , particularly as more and more states also pursue legalization and taxation of cannabis .
- Sidney Finster
By Caroline Briggs
BBC News Arts Reporter
Some say it sounds like a Sonic Youth album .
Others have likened the guitar noise to a rock concert soundcheck .
But this particular band is made up of 40 zebra finches jamming on electric guitars and cymbals at the Barbican , in London .
The walk - through orchestra - come - aviary by French artist Celeste Boursier - Mougenot is the latest installation in The Curve , the centre 's visual art space .
Boursier - Mougenot , who trained as a theatre composer , has placed plugged - in Gibson Les Paul guitars as perches , and upturned cymbals as bird feeders .
As the flock of finches fly around and land on the instruments , wipe their beaks , or use twigs to pluck at the strings , they create a unique and changing soundscape .
What you hear could be an experimental rock band , or a band warming up
Lydia Yee
Curator Lydia
Yee said it was a auditory and visual experience for the visitor .
" You start to hear the birds chirping , you might hear a guitar , and you also hear your footsteps .
You may also hear some music from the concert hall , " she explained .
" The sound varies quite a bit depending on how many people are in the space , the birds obviously take flight if people get too close , and when they land on the cymbals you hear sound too .
" Celeste intended it to appeal to different senses . "
The Curve installation is Boursier - Mougenot 's first solo show in the UK .
In his previous work , such as Videodrones ( 2001 ) , the artist has experimented with ordinary objects to explore their acoustic potential .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He started working with birds 10 years ago , making installations with wire coat hangers , piano wire and metal balls to create sounds which he would amplify .
" He wants us to pay more attention to sound that surround us in everyday life , " explained Yee .
" They could be a low rumbling sound coming from the underground that , as some form of music in combination with other things , could be considered musical . "
" With the finches he started thinking about the relationship between sound and space .
He wanted to create situations that would enable sound to happen but not in an enforced way , or a very composed way .
" An installation in an art gallery has a longer duration than a theatre piece . "
YouTube
While the finch soundscape seems random on the surface , Boursier - Mougenot takes care to tune the guitars and uses effects , such as reverb and echo .
It is important to him that the random sounds are just right .
" What you hear could be an experimental rock band , or a band warming up , " said Yee .
A video clip of the installation , posted on YouTube by the Barbican , has been watched more than 520,000 times .
So why the fascination ?
" I have a theory there is a whole genre on YouTube of people 's pets playing instruments , and this falls loosely within that category , " said Yee .
" In most cases it is a cat walking on a piano and it does n't sound that great .
" But some interesting sound can come from the fact that it is not intended .
Celeste talks about his one - year - old son who plays with his daughter 's electrical guitar and makes some interesting noise from it .
" It could sound like experimental music .
As humans we are naturally always trying to make sense of the world and if something sounds partly musical I think we put two - and - two together . "
Boursier - Mougenot 's aviary will be at the Barbican from Saturday until 23 May .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are a number of reasons why Mac OS X’s Spaces feature has n’t taken the Mac-using world by storm .
But one of the most frequent criticisms I hear is a simple one :
You ca n’t assign a different Desktop background to each Spaces workspace .
It ’s an obviously useful feature — the more visually distinct each workspace is , the more mentally distinct your workspaces become , making Spaces easier to integrate into your workflow .
Back in 2008 , I covered a then - promising utility , Hyperspaces , that includes just such a tweak to Spaces ( along with many other features ) ; since then , Hyperspaces has improved significantly , and is worth a look if you use Spaces .
I ’ve also come across , but not tested , SpaceSuit .
But today ’s
Hint describes a way to get a different - desktop feature in a way that ’s both frugal with system resources and free .
This system tweak , SpaceStation , is a clever combination of an OS X launch agent and a background process that updates your Desktop image whenever you switch spaces .
It was created by Ars Technica forum guru serversurfer ; you can download the 29 k .zip archive here .
After you unzip the SpaceStation folder , double - click SpaceStation Installer.app , a handy AppleScript installer that does most of the dirty work for you , and click Install .
The installer places the background process in / Library / Application Support / SpaceStation , the launch - agent . plist file in ~/ Library / LaunchAgents , and a preferences file — which I ’ll get to in a moment — in ~/ Library / Preferences .
Then log out and back in to ensure the launch agent is running .
( If you want to use SpaceStation in multiple accounts on your Mac , you ’ll want to run the installer from within each account . )
Next you need to configure SpaceStation .
Open your Preferences folder ( ~ / Library / Preferences ) and double - click the preferences file named com.beardedllama.SpaceStation.plist .
If you do n’t have Apple ’s Developer Tools installed , the file will open in your default text editor ; if you have the Developer Tools installed , the file will open in Property List Editor .
( You could also use a third - party utility such as PlistEdit Pro . )
In either case , you ’ll see a list of 16 numerical keys — preference values — along with a Default key .
Each of these settings corresponds to a workspace .
More specifically , each numbered setting hosts the path to the Desktop image for that workspace : key 1 determines the image for workspace 1 , key 2 for workspace 2 , and so on .
( The Default key determines the image used for any workspace to which you have n’t assigned a specific Desktop image . )
In other words , instead of a nice graphical - interface method for assigning a different image to each workspace , you must manually change the setting in this preferences file .
If you 're using a text editor , type or paste , in between < string > and </ string > on the line just below < key > 1</ key > , the path to the image you want to use as the Desktop background for workspace # 1 ( for example , / Library / Desktop Pictures / Nature / Clown Fish.jpg ) .
Here 's what the two lines representing workspace # 1 might look like :
< key >1</key > < string >/ Library / Desktop Pictures / Aqua Blue.jpg</string >
If you ’re using Property List Editor , instead double - click the Value field to the right of String for Picture 1 , and then type or paste the path to the desired background image for workspace # 1 .
( You can drag an image file into the Value field to have the image 's path entered automatically . )
Whichever method you use , repeat the procedure for each workspace you use regularly ; I use only four workspaces , so I needed to assign an image to only keys 1 through 4 .
( Note that the lines are sorted alphabetically , rather than numerically , so 2 comes after 16 . )
Then save your changes .
To force SpaceStation to use your new settings , you can either log out and then back in , or you can launch Terminal ( in / Applications / Utilities ) , type killall - 2 spacestationd and then press Return .
The latter approach immediately quits the SpaceStation process , which is then automatically relaunched using your new settings .
From this point on , whenever you switch to a different workspace , the SpaceStation background process notices the switch , checks to see which workspace is active , and then sets the Desktop image accordingly .
By default , SpaceStation checks for workspace switches every 0.1 seconds , but you can modify that interval by changing the value for ScanInterval in the same .
plist file you previously edited .
With the default interval , I found the SpaceStation background process used only 0.2 percent of CPU overhead and approximately 5MB of RAM under Snow Leopard .
If you ever want to remove SpaceStation , just launch SpaceStation Installer.app again , but this time click the Uninstall button .
The biggest limitation of SpaceStation , as opposed to a product such as HyperSpaces , is that if your Mac has multiple displays , SpaceStation works only with the primary screen ( the one with the menu bar ) ; other displays keep the same Desktop background you manually assign them in System Preferences , regardless of which workspace is active .
during the whole thing .
- By Lynn Day , Lloyd Pro Group , Douglasville GA office location
Our girls have certainly made us proud , !Apparently Pac was having some hamstring issues during the race which cost them some time .
But Douglasvilles very own Elana Meyers said she was " just trying to stay calm and relaxed " She went on to say , " We 've been going at this to have fun this whole time , and that 's really what I was trying to do .
I had the hugest grin on my face going down because I knew we were about to do something special . "
" I 'm not really sure how I feel yet , " said Pac .
" I still feel the same .
It 's just going to be something hanging around my neck for the rest of my life .
It 's not going to change me or Elana .
We just feel a little bit happier .
" We here at Lloyd Pro Group feel a little bit happier too !
In fact all of Douglasville Georgia is happy !
A job well done you have both made us proud .
Lloyd Pro Group is a car insurance agency in Douglasville GA that has been helping families save on car insurance in Douglasville since 1985 .
They can be reached at 770-947-8096 or on their website http://www.lloydprogroup.com
Hey , kids !
Here 's something I bet you did n't know : Black people ?
Back in 1800 or whenever ?
They liked being slaves .
True !
Many savvy , industrious Negroes actually volunteered for that fine , desirable position .
It was a completely balanced , fair , hugely successful system , until those damn liberals came along and ruined everything .
I know , right ?
What a shame .
Do you know what else ?
America was wholly victorious in Vietnam .
It 's a fact !
Kicked some serious enemy butt !
Mission accomplished !
Sure it was a little bumpy for awhile , but President Nixon , that great and wronged American hero , put us on the righteous path in the end , wrapped that sucker up beautifully and made America the noble Superman to the world .
Hey , it 's the truth !
You can look it up in your history textbook !
Even more good , newly historic news : Despite what you may have heard from the liberal media , America has very much won its recent , God-sanctioned wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Angry Allah loses again !
Just look at this handy diagram on page 281 , Figure 4 - 9 .
See those little dark - skinned bodies stacked up neatly beside that minaret ?
Right next to that completely unstaged photo of the toppled Saddam statue ?
Look how many there are !
Graphs never lie .
Did you know , back in the frontier days , that Native Americans welcomed the white man with open arms ?
Absolutely true .
Those poor , sunburned people were so beaten down and exploited by their oppressive dictator " chiefs , " they were forced to believe in all sorts of disgusting pagan sun gods and had to eat , like , rocks and snakes and stuff .
It 's no wonder they greeted proud , fair - minded American colonials as great liberators -- yes !
Just like in Baghdad ! -- and happily gave us free access to their fields and their women and their wonderful bead - making technology , in exchange for , you know , gin and fireworks .
And casinos .
Never doubt America 's irrefutable greatness , kids .
Our prison system , for example , is the finest in the world .
Also , dirty Mexican people had no role whatsoever in the Civil War or U.S. history ( except as troublesome immigrants , yuck ) , hip - hop music is in no way , shape or form to be considered a significant cultural movement -- unlike totally awesome Country & Western , and the War on Drugs is going spectacularly well , thanks to our fine military , numerous Afterschool Specials and the deep love of Jesus -- who , if you look really closely at those old photographs from the Bible , is clearly wearing a U.S. flag pin on his robes to go along with his friendly , competely legal sidearm .
God bless America .
These irrefutable facts -- and many more just like them -- are brought to you by the Texas State Board of Education , packed like a jug of rancid tartar sauce with intellectually numb simpletons who smell like ignorance and taste like fear .
The TSBE : We make revisionist brainwashing fun ! ™
Maybe you did n't hear ?
The little item about how a small pod of pale ultra-conservatives in Texas has just demanded a whole slew of specific changes be made to history textbooks down in the Lone Star State ?
About how , in fact , nearly every change is a rather ridiculous rewriting of history and the language surrounding it , all tending to favor -- can you guess ?
-- white privileged capitalist males , a bitter Christian God , and a whitewashed version of history that never actually existed ?
Not much shocking about it all , really .
" Texas education " has never exactly equated with " intellectual range and nuance . "
But there 's a big , ugly snag :
Due to the state 's huge purchasing power , the decisions of these tiny - brained ultra- conservatives could well influence what goes into various school history textbooks nationwide .
So it is that that some inbred neocon beliefs about homophobic God and gun-loving country will ooze their way into the minds of unsuspecting youth in a completely different state say , 10 years ' hence , like a poison slowly leeching into the cultural water supply .
Ah , Texas conservatism .
It 's the new DDT !
What , too harsh ?
I 'm not so sure .
Yes , everyone knows that history is slippery and spurious to begin with , all about context and spin and who 's telling the tale .
History is , after all , written by the victors .
What they do n't usually add is how history is then revised by the politicians , gutted by the church leaders , molested by the power mongers , skinned alive by paranoid militants , poorly codified by the speechwriters and then spun , torqued and diluted by countless mealy " experts " before being shoved down the gullet of unsuspecting youth , where it is partially digested like so much liquefied school lunch meat , only to be wrongly half - remembered later in life by the most insane among them , who then quickly gets his own talk show on Fox News .
And lo , the circle of life continues .
Say what you will about standardized testing , draconian teachers ' unions , lazy tenured teachers , crumbling campuses , slashed budgets , et al .
I can think of no better argument for mortgaging everything you own so as to afford a private / charter school for your kid than the disturbing fact that these Texas State Board mongrels might have any power whatsoever to shape young minds by way of further tainting the already wobbly , spurious historical record .
Maybe it does n't really matter .
After all , it 's widely understood that , given the state of public education , children do n't really learn much in school anyway .
The system is so problematic and the teachers union so dangerously obstinate , there 's a good chance your kid will never crack open one of these flawed , historically inaccurate textbooks in the first place .
Small consolation indeed .
It 's not all dire and brimstone .
Prior to this ridiculous move -- and by the way , the board 's revisions still have to be ratified , so there 's a slim chance public outcry and a deep sense of shame at their own repellant personal politics will get them to back off -- there 's apparently been a small amount of improvement in school textbooks over the years .
From what I understand , in the wake of wildly influential bestsellers like " Lies my Teacher Told Me " and the late , great Howard Zinn 's " People History " series , among many others , school textbooks underwent some significant improvements in the past couple of decades , slightly more multicultural and inclusive , balanced , realistic .
Not nearly as thin , lopsided , sexist , jingoistic , myopic as they used to be .
Is that damning with faint praise ?
Maybe .
Alas , if California were n't so utterly broke , slashing education budgets and shutting down schools , maybe our fair state could launch a counter - attack , demand some reasonably accurate historic revisions in those selfsame texts .
Time was when we had some killer purchasing power of our own .
Remember ?
Yeah , me neither .
Sadly , from what I hear , California schools do n't even use textbooks anymore .
Or classrooms .
Or desks .
They all disintegrated sometime back in 1987 .
History is now taught by means of sock puppets , toothpick dioramas and firecrackers .
And gin .
Of course , I 'm completely exaggerating .
The changes the Texas Board is shoving through are probably relatively innocuous , just another toxic chemical added to the already lethal school lunch menu , one of a thousand , really .
I 'm sure everything will be fine .
Kids wo n't mind a whit that they 're being fed heavily processed , dangerous , non-nutritive mental crap .
Hell , they 'll probably enjoy it .
You know , just like all those happy , contented slaves .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
A proposed law would require new homes , larger developments and some redevelopments in Los Angeles to capture and reuse runoff generated in rainstorms .
The ordinance approved in January by the Department of Public Works would require such projects to capture , reuse or infiltrate 100 % of runoff generated in a 3/4 - inch rainstorm or to pay a storm water pollution mitigation fee that would help fund off - site , low - impact public developments .
The fairly new approach to managing storm water and urban runoff is designed to mitigate the negative effects of urbanization by controlling runoff at its source with small , cost - effective natural systems instead of treatment facilities .
Reducing runoff improves water quality and recharges groundwater .
Board of Public Works Commissioner Paula Daniels , who drafted the ordinance last July , said the new requirements would prevent 104 million gallons of polluted urban runoff from ending up in the ocean .
Advertisement
Under the ordinance , builders would be required to use rainwater storage tanks , permeable pavement , infiltration swales or curb bump - outs to manage the water where it falls .
Builders unable to manage 100 % of a project ’s runoff on site would be required to pay a penalty of $ 13 a gallon of runoff not handled there -- a requirement the Building Industry Assn. has been fighting .
“ The Building Industry Assn. is supportive of the concept of low - impact development and has invested a lot of time and energy in educating our members on those techniques and advancing those technologies , ” said Holly Schroeder , executive officer of the L.A. - Ventura County chapter of the association .
“ But when we now start talking about using LIDs as a regulatory tool , we need to make sure we devise a regulation that can be implemented successfully . ”
Schroeder said that some building projects , such as those in downtown L.A. or areas where the soil is high in clay , would have difficulty with the 100 % retention rule and that the $ 13 - a - gallon mitigation fee is too high .
A one - acre building on ground where runoff could not be managed on site , Schroeder said , could pay a fee as high as $ 238,000 .
Advertisement
“ We ’re seeking flexibility to reflect the site circumstance , ” she said .
At the urging of business groups opposed to an earlier draft , the Board of Public Works has acquiesced on some points .
“ We worked out something with the business community that they can release the runoff if they first run the water over a high - efficiency bio-filtration system , ” Daniels said .
“ In other words , they have to clean it first . ”
The board also decreased the per-gallon mitigation fee from $ 20 to $ 13 .
The mitigation fees would fund public low - impact developments , such as the Oval Street project planned for Mar Vista , where 24,000 linear feet of parkway will be retrofitted with porous pavement , bio-retention basins and other water infiltration strategies designed to capture 2 million gallons of storm water that would otherwise flow to the ocean .
Advertisement
The ordinance next moves to the Energy and the Environment and the Planning and Land Use Management committees of the City Council , before going to a council vote and the mayor .
Daniels said she hoped the ordinance would be approved in the next six months and go into effect by 2011 .
“ I do n’t want to waste another rainy season , ” she said .
susan.carpenter@latimes.com
A Glendale man accused of slaying his daughter in an " honor killing " will not face the death penalty .
After sparring with the suspect 's defense attorney over its death penalty review process , the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office has said it will not seek death for Faleh Almaleki , 49 .
The Iraqi immigrant is accused of slaying his daughter , 20 - year - old Noor Almaleki , for being " too Westernized . "
Police say he used his Jeep Cherokee to run down his daughter and another woman in a Peoria parking lot Oct. 20 .
Noor Almaleki later died of her injuries .
Almaleki is charged with first - degree murder , aggravated assault and two counts of leaving the scene of a serious accident .
He has pleaded not guilty to all charges .
The decision not to seek the death penalty comes after Almaleki 's attorney , Billy Little , a public defender , asked a judge to take special precautions to ensure the County Attorney 's Office would n't wrongly seek the death penalty because Almaleki is a Muslim .
Little requested that the office make public the process it uses to determine whether to seek capital punishment .
" An open process provides some level of assurance that there is no appearance that a Christian is seeking to execute a Muslim for racial , political , religious or cultural beliefs , " Little wrote , referring to County Attorney Andrew Thomas ' Christian faith .
Laura Reckart , a county prosecutor , responded that Little 's concern about the " supposed bias " of the office 's death penalty review process was " without legitimate factual or legal basis . "
She wrote that the state can seek the death penalty for any person convicted of first - degree murder if it can prove the existence of at least one aggravating factor , not because of religion .
However , the debate stopped there .
On Tuesday , Reckart filed a motion indicating prosecutors would not seek the death penalty .
Mike Scerbo , a spokesman for the County Attorney 's Office , issued the following statement Friday :
" The defendant is charged with first degree murder and , if convicted , will spend the rest of his life in prison .
As is in all first degree murder cases , the decision on whether to seek the death penalty is made on a case by case basis .
Cultural considerations played no part in the decision not to seek the death penalty . "
Prosecutors said Almaleki has admitted killing his daughter because she disgraced the family by not following traditional Iraqi or Muslim values .
They liken the case to honor killings that occur in the Middle East , Africa and other parts of the world .
In tribal societies where the practice occurs , male family members feel they must kill a rebellious female relative who shames them by not adhering to traditional values .
Noor Almaleki had reportedly married a man in Iraq and returned to Arizona to live with a boyfriend and his mother in Surprise , police said .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
By request , there 's a new T - shirt in the store .
A day after bashing lobbyists , President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting '
MORE ’s administration has invited K Street insiders to join private briefings on a range of topics addressed in Wednesday ’s State of the Union .
The Treasury Department on Thursday morning invited selected individuals to “ a series of conference calls with senior Obama administration officials to discuss key aspects of the State of the Union address . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The invitation , which went to a variety of stakeholders , was sent by Fred Baldassaro , a senior adviser at the Treasury Department ’s Office of Business Affairs and Public Liaison .
The invitation stated , “ The White House is encouraging you to participate in these calls and will have a question and answer session at the end of each call .
As a reminder , these calls are not intended for press purposes . ”
The calls are scheduled to begin at 11:30 a.m. on Thursday , with the first topic being job creation and economic growth .
Another call , at 1 p.m. , is on government reform and transparency .
Republicans have criticized the Obama White House for not being more transparent in its discussions with Congress on healthcare reform .
Obama recently acknowledged that the legislative process has not been as open as he promised on the campaign trail .
Other issues that will be addressed on Thursday include education , climate change and healthcare reform .
A handful of lobbyists told The Hill on Thursday morning that they received the invitations and were planning to call in .
Some lobbyists say they are extremely frustrated with the White House for criticizing them and then seeking their feedback .
Others note that Democrats on Capitol Hill constantly urge them to make political donations .
One lobbyist said , “ Bash lobbyists , then reach out to us .
Bash lobbyists [ while ]
I have received four Democratic invitations for fundraisers . ”
In his State of the Union on Wednesday , Obama once again targeted K Street : “ We face a deficit of trust — deep and corrosive doubts about how Washington works that have been growing for years .
To close that credibility gap , we have to take action on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue — to end the outsized influence of lobbyists ; to do our work openly ; to give our people the government they deserve . ”
The Treasury Department referred The Hill ’s request for comment to the White House , which at press time had not responded to questions on this issue .
On Thursday afternoon , White House spokesman Josh Earnest stated in an e-mail , " As part of our effort to reach out and engage with the public and policymakers , it is standard for our outreach team to organize a conference call , so that we can include people who are not in Washington , after a major speech or announcement through the president 's priorities .
These calls are targeted at a diverse group of community and government leaders including mayors , governors , faith groups , women 's organizations , representatives from the African American and Latino communities to share as much information about the administration 's agenda as possible .
The calls , which include question - and - answer sessions , typically include hundreds of people from across the country ... "
Lobbyists say the Obama White House has held many off - the - record teleconferences over the past year .
For example , lobbyists and others were invited to a teleconference with “ senior Obama administration officials ” on Monday to discuss the administration ’s plan to improve the lives of middle - class families .
The invitation , which is addressed to “ Friends , ” emphasizes in bold and italics that “ this call is for background information only and not intended for press purposes . ”
It advises callers to tell the operator “ you ’re joining the ‘ White House Briefing Call . ’ ”
Another lobbyist said these types of teleconferences occur “ all the time . ”
And that is why many on K Street are exasperated with Obama ’s use of lobbyists as a punching bag .
Some have said they understood why he used strong rhetoric on the campaign trail but are irritated the White House solicits their opinions while Obama ’s friends in Congress badger them for political donations .
This article was updated at 12:11 p.m. and at 4:50 p.m .
The " PrePeat " printer uses a special thermal head and heat - sensitive plastic sheets to print whatever documents are required .
Users wo n't have to buy ink or other consumables ever again , but there 's a catch -- each printer comes with a price tag of about $ 5,517 ( 500,000 yen ) , and the plastic sheets come in lots of 1,000 at the price of $ 3,300 .
Yep , that ’s right – more amazing looking cupcakes courtesy of my girlfriend as a sequel to her epic Pac - Man and and Totoro ones .
And damn tasty they were too .
Apparently she ’s got something even more special planned for her next batch .
In the meantime enjoy these pics .
Just putting them up here has made me so hungry .
Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss one of the most important philosophers of the 20th century , Karl Popper whose ideas about science and politics robustly challenged the accepted ideas of the day .
He strongly resisted the prevailing empiricist consensus that scientists ' theories could be proved true .
Popper wrote : “ The more we learn about the world and the deeper our learning , the more conscious , specific and articulate will be our knowledge of what we do not know , our knowledge of our ignorance ” .
He believed that even when a scientific principle had been successfully and repeatedly tested , it was not necessarily true .
Instead it had simply not proved false , yet !
This became known as the theory of falsification .
He called for a clear demarcation between good science , in which theories are constantly challenged , and what he called “ pseudo sciences ” which could n't be tested .
His debunking of such ideologies led some to describe him as the “ murderer of Freud and Marx ” .
He went on to apply his ideas to politics , advocating an Open Society .
His ideas influenced a wide range of politicians , from those close to Margaret Thatcher , to thinkers in the Eastern Communist bloc and South America .
So how did Karl Popper change our approach to the philosophy of science ?
How have scientists and philosophers made use of his ideas ?
And how are his theories viewed today ?
Are we any closer to proving scientific principles are “ true ” ?
With John Worrall , Professor of Philosophy of Science at the London School of Economics ; Anthony O'Hear , Weston Professor of Philosophy at Buckingham University ; Nancy Cartwright , Professor of Philosophy at the LSE and the University of California
Show less
NASA clears space shuttle Discovery for April 5 launch
BY WILLIAM HARWOOD
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS " SPACE PLACE " & USED WITH PERMISSION
Posted : March 26 , 2010
NASA managers reviewed the shuttle Discovery 's flight readiness Friday and formally cleared the ship for launch April 5 on a three - spacewalk mission to deliver ammonia coolant , supplies and science gear to the International Space Station .
Credit : NASA
Engineers plan to begin Discovery 's countdown at 3 a.m. EDT on April 2 , setting up a launch attempt at 6:21:22 a.m.
Monday , April 5 , roughly the moment Earth 's rotation carries the launch pad into the plane of the space station 's orbit .
Discovery 's crew - commander Alan Poindexter , pilot James Dutton , flight engineer Dorothy Metcalf - Lindenburger , Stephanie Wilson , Japanese astronaut Naoko Yamazaki and spacewalkers Richard Mastracchio and Clayton Anderson - plans to fly to Florida early Thursday for final preparations .
Launch processing has proceeded smoothly , but engineers ran into a potential problem March 13 during work to load propellant into the orbital maneuvering system rocket pods on either side of Discovery 's tail fin .
One of two helium isolation valves in the right - side OMS pod failed in the open position .
High pressure helium , routed through regulators , is used to push propellants from storage tanks into small rocket motors used for routine orbital maneuvers .
With one isolation valve stuck in the open position , engineers needed to assess whether subsequent failures could result in downstream pressurization problems with the right OMS pod .
As it turns out , one isolation valve normally is left open in orbit .
If one of the downstream regulators also failed , a relief valve would prevent the high - pressure helium from damaging any of the pod 's rocket thrusters .
In addition , engineers concluded the pressure could be managed by actually firing the thrusters periodically .
" The helium isolation valve , the valve that 's failed open , we discussed that in a lot of detail , " said Bill Gerstenmaier , director of space operations at NASA headquarters .
" Basically , why is it OK to fly with a valve that 's essentially failed in the open position ?
" The logic is simply that that valve is typically open most of the time during flight anyway , so it failed in a position that 's pretty benign for us .
We went through every failure case that could result in any kind of off - nominal operations .
...
We went through very logically and methodically each of the conditions that could occur with this failure in the system and made sure there 's no additional risk that 's unacceptable . "
The valve in question cannot be repaired at the launch pad .
If a fix had been required , engineers would have been forced to haul Discovery back to its processing hangar for repairs , work that would have triggered a significant launch delay .
NASA is working to fly a final four shuttle flights and retire the winged spaceplanes by the end of September .
Gerstenmaier said NASA could have accommodated a rollback and still launched all four missions by the end of 2010 .
Shuttle program manager John Shannon agreed , and said " schedule pressure " was not a factor in the decision to press ahead for launch .
" If we needed to roll back and slip we could do that , it was not a big deal to us overall , " Gerstenmaier said .
" But the better part of valor was to go fly , the systems are there , we understand the failure well enough that it 's OK to go fly with . "
Managers also discussed a potential issue with ceramic inserts around bolts that extend through shuttle heat shield tiles to secure various components to the underlying structure .
During the most recent shuttle flight , one such insert around a bolt in a cockpit window frame backed out slightly .
Such inserts pose an impact threat should one work free during ascent or entry .
Each shuttle is equipped with 335 such inserts but only two have ever backed all the way out in flight .
Shannon said a detailed analysis indicated Discovery could be launched as is and Gerstenmaier concluded by saying " we 're really ready to go fly . "
The primary goals of the 131st shuttle mission are to deliver a large tank of ammonia coolant to the orbital lab complex along with a pressurized module loaded with experiment hardware , supplies , a crew sleep station and a darkroom - like housing for a large Earth - facing porthole in the U.S. Destiny lab module .
" The ammonia tank transfer is a real dance if you look at how you take the old tank off and put the new tank on , " Gerstenmaier said .
" That 's a real ballet of hardware getting moved around on station .
...
The timeline looks pretty good , pretty reasonable from an overall standpoint . "
Additional coverage for subscribers :
VIDEO : FULL FLIGHT READINESS REVIEW NEWS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : RECAP OF THE FLIGHT READINESS REVIEW PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : HELIUM VALVE NO CONSTRAINT TO LAUNCH PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : MANAGERS ASSESS ISSUES BEFORE FLIGHT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : UPDATE ON PRE - LAUNCH PREPS AT PAD 39A PLAY | HI - DEF
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH STS - 131 PAYLOAD MANAGER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH BOEING PAYLOAD MANAGER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PAYLOADS DELIVERED TO LAUNCH PAD 39A PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TRANSPORT CANISTER ROTATED VERTICALLY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LEONARDO PLACED INTO THE TRANSPORTER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : STATION'S NEW AMMONIA COOLANT TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LEONARDO HATCH CLOSED FOR FLIGHT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CAN THE SHUTTLE PROGRAM AVOID LOOMING RETIREMENT ?
PLAY
VIDEO : WHAT ABOUT ADDING ONE MORE SHUTTLE MISSION ?
PLAY
VIDEO : FULL BRIEFING BY SHUTTLE AND STATION OFFICIALS PLAY
VIDEO : THE STS - 131 MISSION OVERVIEW PRESENTATIONS PLAY
VIDEO : PREVIEW BRIEFING ON MISSION'S SPACEWALKS PLAY
VIDEO : THE ASTRONAUTS ' PRE - FLIGHT NEWS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : SHUTTLE EVACUATION PRACTICE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW MODULE HATCH IS CLOSED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS BOARD DISCOVERY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW BRIEFED ON EMERGENCY PROCEDURES PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TEST - DRIVING AN EMERGENCY ARMORED TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : NIGHTTIME APPROACHES IN TRAINING AIRCRAFT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS CHAT WITH REPORTERS AT PAD 39A PLAY
VIDEO : CREW ARRIVES FOR PRACTICE COUNTDOWN PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : GANTRY PLACED AROUND DISCOVERY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : DISCOVERY REACHES PAD 39A PLAY | HI - DEF
VIDEO : OVERNIGHT ROLLOUT BEGINS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : SHUTTLE HOISTED FOR ATTACHMENT TO TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CRANE ROTATES THE ORBITER VERTICALLY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : DISCOVERY MOVES TO ASSEMBLY BUILDING PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS VISIT THEIR SPACECRAFT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW GOES INSIDE LEONARDO MODULE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : EXTERNAL TANK ATTACHED TO BOOSTERS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FUEL TANK LIFTED INTO CHECKOUT CELL PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : EXTERNAL TANK ARRIVES AT SPACEPORT PLAY | HI -DEF
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Temporary cinemas became common in Ghana in the 80s because of the video cassette technology .
When “ mobile cinema ” operators traveled from town to town creating these temporary cinemas , they needed movie posters in order to promote the movies .
They hired artists were given totally freedom to paint the posters as they wanted , some of them did n’t even watch the movies , and that is why the result was interesting and bizarre movie posters , mostly of horror and trash action movies .
A similar thing happened in Russia where these hand drawn movie posters were made .
Der Feuertod des Asylbewerbers Oury Jalloh in einer Dessauer Polizeizelle wird erneut untersucht .
Das hat der Bundesgerichtshof ( BGH ) in Karlsruhe entschieden , das Urteil des Landgerichts Dessau aufgehoben und den Fall zwecks eines neuen Prozesses an das Landgericht Magdeburg verwiesen .
Die Dessauer Richter hatten im Dezember 2008 zwei Polizisten von dem Vorwurf freigesprochen , mitschuldig am Tod des aus Sierra Leone stammenden Asylbewerbers zu sein .
Nach Auffassung des BGH weist dieses Urteil jedoch wesentliche Lücken in der Beweiswürdigung auf .
So sei unerklärlich , dass der an eine Pritsche in der Polizeizelle gefesselte Asylbewerber seine Matratze selbst angezündet haben und dabei keine Schmerzen empfunden haben soll .
" Dieser Sachverhalt muss neu aufgeklärt werden " , sagte die Vorsitzende Richterin am BGH , Ingeborg Tepperwien .
So wie die Sachlage beschrieben sei , sei sie nur schwer nachzuvollziehen .
" Die Angehörigen haben das Recht auf ein rechtsstaatliches Verfahren " , betonte sie .
Menschenrechtler reagierten auf das Urteil mit Freude und Erleichterung .
" Ich bin sehr , sehr erleichtert " , sagte Yonas Endrias , Vizepräsident der Internationalen Liga für Menschenrechte , am Donnerstag in Karlsruhe .
" Ich hätte die Richter umarmen können . "
Die BGH - Richter hätten viele wichtige Fragen gestellt .
Er habe Hoffnung , dass im neuen Verfahren deutlich mehr Umstände zu dem Tod Jallohs in der Dessauer Polizeizelle aufgeklärt werden könnten , sagte Endrias .
Schon während des ersten Verfahrens hatte der Vorsitzende Richter Manfred Steinhoff die Polizei in scharfen Worten für das Scheitern des Verfahrens mitverantwortlich gemacht und Beamten Falschaussagen vorgeworfen .
Dennoch wurde sowohl der ehemalige Dienstgruppenleiter des Polizeireviers Dessau als auch ein mitangeklagter Kollege vom Vorwurf der fahrlässigen Tötung durch Unterlassen freigesprochen .
Insbesondere dem 47 - Jährigen Dienstgruppenleiter war vorgeworfen worden , zu spät auf den Feueralarm reagiert zu haben .
Er soll das Alarmsignal des Rauchmelders zunächst mehrfach abgestellt und erst mit Verzögerung zu Jallohs Zelle geeilt sein .
Der 23 - Jährige war genau vor fünf Jahren , am 7 .
Januar 2005 , bei dem Brand im Polizeigewahrsam gestorben .
Er war festgenommen worden , weil sich zwei Frauen von dem alkoholisierten Mann belästigt gefühlt hatten .
Weil Jalloh sich den Beamten widersetzte , wurde er an die Matratze in der Gewahrsamzelle gefesselt , die später in Flammen aufging .
Der Tod von Jalloh hatte in Deutschland und auch international für großes Aufsehen gesorgt und Proteste ausgelöst .
Quelle : ZEIT ONLINE , dpa , AFP
London , England ( CNN ) --
Barely out of a global economic meltdown , the world 's remaining billionaires have been presented with the largest and most extravagant superyacht yet .
The floating palace has been designed at a whopping 656 feet ( 200 meters ) in length -- as long as two football fields end - to - end .
If built , it would surpass the world 's current largest private yacht , Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich 's " Eclipse , " by 99 feet ( 30 meters ) .
With a myriad of over - the - top luxury toys -- including a two - level cinema , a nightclub and helipad -- the yacht unsurprisingly comes with a hefty price tag .
Berkeley March , the yacht 's naval architect , told CNN the boat could cost up to $ 1 billion ( £ 650 million ) to build , " depending on the needs of the clients . "
" For example , the client could request gold furniture , " March explained .
The designers believe that despite the recession , there are still enough people who have a spare $ 1 billion to spend on what is described as the " ultimate luxury . "
" Some people may say the timing was a little bit daft , " March said .
" But I think that many people who previously would not have had the power to buy such a yacht , are thinking that now is their chance .
The people left with a lot of money have more power now , as there is less demand . "
According to March , the yacht , now known only as " Project 1000 , " could be in the water in under five years .
Replete with features that would make even the most blasé billionaire take notice , it will also include a drive - in - garage , a 100 - foot swimming pool , a casino , a health spa and numerous bars and nightclubs .
According to March , the recession did not change rich people 's beliefs that " size matters . "
" When you are used to living in a palace with dozens of servants , you do n't want to cruise the oceans on a small yacht , " he said .
And at the end of the day , added March , " recession or not , it 's still all about men's egos . "
In this image provided by NASA the Tranquility module is transferred late Thursday evening Feb. 11 , 2010 from its stowage position in space shuttle Endeavour 's payload bay in the grasp of the station 's Canadarm2 to position it on the port side of the Unity node of the International Space Station .
Tranquility was locked in place with 16 remotely - controlled bolts .
Earth 's horizon and the blackness of space provide the backdrop for the scene .
( AP Photo / NASA )
( AP ) --
A pair of spacewalking astronauts hooked up plumbing on the newest room of the International Space Station , enabling it to come alive with power Sunday .
It was the second excursion in three days for Robert Behnken and Nicholas Patrick .
They have one more spacewalk to finish installing the Tranquility room and its attached observation deck , the last major building blocks of the 11 - year - old space station .
Endeavour carried up the pieces last week .
With the throw of a few switches , Behnken and Patrick got ammonia coolant flowing through the newly routed Tranquility hoses .
That , in turn , got Tranquility surging with power ; most of its systems could not be turned on without a way to get rid of the heat generated by the equipment inside .
Mission Control passed up the good news about the temperature dropping in Tranquility and the power kicking in .
" We 're so happy our feet are off the floor , " said astronaut Stephen Robinson , who coordinated the spacewalk from inside the shuttle - station complex .
It was unwieldy work because of the extra-long hoses and potentially hazardous because of the ammonia .
In fact , frozen bits of ammonia shot out at Patrick as he undid a connection Saturday night .
He said the ammonia was solid by the time it bounced off his visor and right glove , and he assured his colleagues there was no residue on him .
" It was about the kind of quantity of stuff that you would expect if you did n't empty the straw at the end of your drink bag , " Patrick reported .
" Yeah - if you were drinking ammonia , " Robinson said from inside .
Patrick had a good laugh .
Mission Control said slight leakage was expected .
As a precaution , Behnken checked Patrick 's suit at the end of the plumbing job , but no contamination was spotted .
Nonetheless , the spacewalkers were instructed to wrap up everything an hour earlier than planned .
" Glad we got through it , " Behnken said .
" It would have been nice to do it without an ammonia spray . "
The $ 400 million - plus Tranquility and lookout - supplied by the European Space Agency - will hold life - support systems as well as exercise equipment and a toilet .
The domed lookout is essentially an enormous bay window that will provide breathtaking views of Earth .
Its seven windows includes the largest ever flown in space : a round one 31 inches across .
While preparing the observation deck for its planned move to another side of Tranquility , the astronauts could not put on an insulating cover at the hatch .
It simply did not fit ; something interfered with the lock - down bars .
Late Saturday , the space station 's commander , Jeffrey Williams , reported that bolts seemed to be causing the interference .
He removed all eight bolts , saying the clearance would be tight but that the cover likely would fit .
The cover is needed to protect a seal and docking mechanisms from getting too cold when that port is unoccupied .
Mission Control had some good news for the six shuttle astronauts before the spacewalk got under way :
They will get to spend an extra day at the orbiting outpost .
Mission managers on Saturday added a 14th day to the mission to give the crew time to move water - recycling equipment into Tranquility .
NASA wanted to see if repairs to the broken urine - processing machine worked before moving the equipment .
They apparently did .
Endeavour is now scheduled to return to Earth on Feb. 21 .
Explore further Space station gets room , huge window to see Earth
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The new Cybermen could have looked much more chilling in David Tennant 's first season of Doctor Who , judging from new released concept art by artist Peter McKinstry .
He 's shared the early concepts behind space stations , Supreme Daleks , and Paradox Machines .
Advertisement
McKinstry has worked on every season of Torchwood , and every season of Doctor Who except the first .
His concept art is mostly beautiful , except for a few chillingly terrifying bits .
Britain 's children might have needed a lot of therapy if some of these concepts had made it to the screen .
Here are some of our favorite images — there 's tons more at his newly launched site .
[ Peter McKinistry ]
Advertisement
The Boesheng Peninsula , where Captain Jack grew up .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Ood — Early design
Advertisement
The Torchwood Morgue
Advertisement
The SS Pompadour
Advertisement
Torchwood , " Meat "
Advertisement
Torchwood , " Meat "
Advertisement
Torchwood 's rift manipulator
Advertisement
The Impossible Planet
Advertisement
The Satan Pit
Advertisement
Face to face with Satan !
Advertisement
A peek inside the TARDIS console
Advertisement
A peek behind the roundels in the TARDIS control room
Advertisement
The Master 's aircraft carrier
Advertisement
The Toclofane
Advertisement
The Old Doctor
Advertisement
The Paradox Machine
Advertisement
The Doctor 's transformation arch
Advertisement
Gallifreyan Seal
Advertisement
Daleks in the Empire State Building
Advertisement
Harold Saxon 's ring
Advertisement
The Icarus
Advertisement
The Icarus
Advertisement
A Cybus Zeppelin
Advertisement
Lumic 's wheelchair
Advertisement
Inside the Titanic
Advertisement
The Spaceship Titanic
Advertisement
The Library
Advertisement
Ood Factory
Advertisement
Ood Factory
Advertisement
Supreme Dalek
Advertisement
The Supreme Dalek
Advertisement
I 'm guessing this is the Shadow Proclamation ?
Advertisement
The Cyber - King
We will examine strange garbage collector behavior , talk about file descriptors in Glass Fish , look at what memory leaks look like and how to tune memory pools in JVM’s .
This presentation is most interesting to developers who got bullied into being the local Java system administrator too .
You will learn what to monitor and look at in order to be able to assess the health of our JVM in production .
It is also very informative for system administrators who have been pressed into being responsible for a Java application server .
You will learn more about the internals of a JVM , without having to learn Java .
A 15 year old Afghan boy was blown to pieces while tackling a bag that contained a bomb in Athens .
His sister is in intensive care , struggling for her sight .
The Nuclei of Fire Conspiracy deny any involvement in the deadly event .
A powerful explosion which occurred at 22:41 on Sunday night outside the Greek Company for Business Management ( EDEE ) in Patisia , Athens , has killed a 15 year old boy from Afghanistan , also wounding his sister 's eyes and slightly wounding his mother .
According to the mother , the two children saw a bag outside the prestigious establishment and the girl opened it revealing a mechanical clock .
Deciding it does not work , the boy immediately took the bag back where they found it when the bag exploded blowing the boy into pieces and blinding the girl .
Given there was no warning phone call for the bomb , the police initially believed that the bomb could be a response of extreme - right groups to the bombing of the Golden Dawn offices earlier this month .
This story has now subsided with the Ministry of Public Order claiming that the wiring of the bomb is similar to the one found outside the Chilean Consulate in Salonica last year , a device which was claimed by the Nucle of Fire Conspiracy .
However the NFC published a communique in which they express their grave grief for the deadly incident and their rage at the mass media which are trying to implicate them .
The NFC denied categorically any involvement in the incident , stressing that they always call two media to warn about their bombs , giving at least 20 minutes to the police to evacuate the area , while also using two mechanical clocks , so as to avert any accident .
To the allegations of the media that the bomb was the one about which a warning call was made the same morning but was never found , the NFC have responded that unlike the warning call reported , their are always clear mentioning the precise road and location of the device .
The morning warning call was about a bomb in EBEE an acronym that means nothing .
The NFC claim that they would prefer their being arrested than leaving a blind bomb to explode after the authorities have failed to spot it .
The urban guerrilla group also stressed that if indeed this bomb is the work of a revolutionary group and not a parastate provocation , then it should be immediately claimed by the group responsible - concluding that if it is a " blind attack " then it is the work of the extreme - right similar to Piazza Fontana .
The authorities have refused to comment on the NFC communique claiming it will not " open a dialogue with terrorists " .
It must be noted that even the police admits that the pipe - bomb device used is similar to the bomb against the Buenoventura antiauthoritarian centre in Salonica earlier this year .
The death of the 15 year old is the first civilian death related or allegedly related to domestic armed struggle since the early 1990s , when a rocket of the N17 aimed at the then Minister of Economics killed a bystander , effectively signaling a reversal of the then mass support for the group .
It must be also noted that the 22 year old man arrested in Volos with the ecuse of a single fingerprint of his found in the supposed NFC haunt in Chalandri has been released on conditions of not leaving the country .
In an unprecedented breach of the law , all media carried the man 's picture , creating a climate of " man-hunt " .
- Trikset med datoer i flere år *** Forkortet sannsynligvis levetiden til tre pasienter
FÅR STRAFF : Vestre Viken HF har fått fem millioner kroner i bot etter rot med ventelister ved Sykehuset Asker og Bærum .
Foto : Scanpix
Knusende sykehusrapport : - Tre pasienter fikk sannsynligvis kortere levetid
( VG Nett ) Datotriksingen ved Sykehuset Asker og Bærum har sannsynligvis ført til at tre pasienter har fått forkortet sin levetid .
Mads A. Andersen
Jorunn Stølan
Oppdatert 26 . mars 2010
Artikkelen er over ti år gammel
Dette er saken VG har avslørt at tusenvis av pasienter kan ha blitt utsatt for grove regelbrudd ved Sykehuset Asker og Bærum .
I sykehusets datasystem har juridisk bindende frister for når pasienter skal kalles inn til kontroller og behandling blitt endret .
Slik kan sykehuset ha spart penger fordi pasienter med rett til nødvendig helsehjelp har rett til behandling ved andre sykehus når fristen brytes .
Regningen for det går det foretaket pasienten først var i kontakt med .
3700 pasientjournaler er gjennomgått ved kirurgisk poliklinikk .
Helsetilsynet anmeldte Vestre Viken helseforetak fordi de mistenker at manipulasjonen av datoer er gjort bevisst .
Politiet har åpnet etterforskning .
Vis mer
Det kommer frem i en knusende intern rapport fra en intern granskingsgruppe ved skandalesykehuset .
I tillegg avsløres mangel på styring , ulovlige pasientbrev , og at ansatte har vært uvitenhet om loven .
Interne frister har vært skjult for pasientene , ifølge rapporten .
Rapporten er utarbeidet av en intern granskingsgruppe ved Sykehuset Asker og Bærum ( SAB ) , og ble i ettermiddag lagt frem i et sluttmøte ved kirurgisk avdeling .
Rapporten er nå offentliggjort .
Les hele det knusende dokumentet her ( pdf- fil ) .
Her blir det påvist fem brudd på norsk lov og myndighetenes krav til sykehuset .
Vet du noe om dette ?
Kontakt VG
Netts journalister direkte her !
Innholdet i den interne rapporten er en slakt av sykehuset :
I flere år har avdelingen jukset ved å skyve datoen for når pasienter skulle behandles fram i tid .
I strid med pasientrettighetsloven er det blitt satt en egen « intern frist » som ikke pasientene fikk vite om .
Den ulovlige praksisen ble overført fra overordnede , og fra kollega til kollega .
SAMLESIDE :ALT OM SYKEHUS -SKANDALEN HER !
Forandringene i pasientjournalsystemet DIPS førte til at behandlingen av pasienter ble utsatt .
Sykehuset kan med dette spare penger fordi pasienter med rett til helsehjelp skal få behandling ved andre sykehus når fristen brytes .
Regningen går til det foretaket pasienten først var i kontakt med .
Utsettes denne , for noen livsviktige , datoen kan dermed enkelte sykehus unngå denne utgiften .
Det er også kommet frem at pasienter har fått brev hvor ingen konkret dato for innkalling er satt .
I rapporten står det at avdelingen har redigert standardbrev som skal gå til pasienter .
Dermed har syke mennesker ikke fått informasjon om rettighetene de har .
Brevene har hverken opplyst om fristen for rett til helsehjelp , klagerett eller retten til fritt sykehusvalg .
Rapporten slår også fast at helsesekretærene , som er satt til å styre ventelistene , ikke har innsikt i lovverket .
Ifølge rapporten skal ansatte bevisst ha endret frister for innkalling av pasienter , og det skal ha blitt satt en såkalt « intern frist » .
Praksisen ble overført fra sekretærenes sjefer og kollegaer , ifølge rapporten .
En stikkprøve granskerne foretok i ventelistene viste at det i langt over halvparten av tilfellene ikke var samsvar mellom legenes prioriteringer og frist for undersøkelser .
Stikkprøven ga følgende resultat :
For 98 av 137 pasienter var datoene for innkalling til undersøkelse eller behandling endret .
Den innleide lederen av skandaleavdelingen ved Asker og Bærum Sykehus ( SAB ) , Eilert Ottesen , måtte i januar forlate sin stilling .
Dette skjedde etter VGs avsløring av datotriksingen , og sykehuset hevder at grunnen for at han måtte gå var at kontrakten hans var « i strid med regelverket for offentlige anskaffelser » .
Les også :- Ansvaret er plassert lenger opp i systemet
Vestre Viken Helseforetak , som SAB ligger under , har fortalt VG Nett at en av oppgavene Ottesen hadde som sjef for kirurgisk avdeling var å få ned ventelistene ved sykehuset .
Kommunikasjonssjef Jo Heldaas ved helseforetaket har også bekreftet at økonomiske krav var knyttet til stillingen til Ottesen .
Mens datotriksingen pågikk var Elisabeth Kaasa sykehusdirektør ved Asker og Bærum Sykehus .
Hun er nå klinikksjef for den avdelingen Ottesen forlot tidligere i år , og som nå får massiv kritikk i den interne rapporten .
Hun har ikke ønsket å snakke med VG Nett i løpet av de siste to månedene .
Vet du noe om dette ?
Kontakt VG
Nett her .
I rapporten kommer det også frem at leger ikke stoler på det elektroniske pasientjournalsystemet DIPS , og at de ikke har fått systematisk opplæring i systemet .
Publisert : 25.03.10 kl. 19:14 Oppdatert : 26.03.10 kl. 16:04
Les også
Mer om Sykehus
Statement as prepared for delivery .
The hearing was postponed due to inclement weather .
Chairmen Frank and Watt , Ranking Members Bachus and Paul , and other members of the Committee and Subcommittee , I appreciate the opportunity to discuss the Federal Reserve 's strategy for exiting from the extraordinary lending and monetary policies that it implemented to combat the financial crisis and support economic activity .
Broadly speaking , the Federal Reserve 's response to the crisis and the recession can be divided into two parts .
First , our financial system during the past 2 - 1/ 2 years has experienced periods of intense panic and dysfunction , during which private short - term funding became difficult or impossible to obtain for many borrowers .
The pulling back of private liquidity at times threatened the stability of major financial institutions and markets and severely disrupted normal channels of credit .
In its role as liquidity provider of last resort , the Federal Reserve developed a number of programs to provide well - secured , mostly short - term credit to the financial system .
These programs , which imposed no cost on the taxpayer , were a critical part of the government 's efforts to stabilize the financial system and restart the flow of credit .
1
As financial conditions have improved , the Federal Reserve has substantially phased out these lending programs .
Second , after reducing short - term interest rates nearly to zero , the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) provided additional monetary policy stimulus through large - scale purchases of Treasury and agency securities .
These asset purchases , which had the additional effect of substantially increasing the reserves that depository institutions hold with the Federal Reserve Banks , have helped lower interest rates and spreads in the mortgage market and other key credit markets , thereby promoting economic growth .
Although at present the U.S. economy continues to require the support of highly accommodative monetary policies , at some point the Federal Reserve will need to tighten financial conditions by raising short - term interest rates and reducing the quantity of bank reserves outstanding .
We have spent considerable effort in developing the tools we will need to remove policy accommodation , and we are fully confident that at the appropriate time we will be able to do so effectively .
Liquidity Programs
With the onset of the crisis in the late summer and fall of 2007 , the Federal Reserve aimed to ensure that sound financial institutions had sufficient access to short - term credit to remain sufficiently liquid and able to lend to creditworthy customers , even as private sources of liquidity began to dry up .
To improve the access of banks to backup liquidity , the Federal Reserve reduced the spread over the target federal funds rate of the discount rate -- the rate at which the Fed lends to depository institutions through its discount window - - from 100 basis points to 25 basis points , and extended the maximum maturity of discount window loans , which had generally been limited to overnight , to 90 days .
Many banks , however , were evidently concerned that if they borrowed from the discount window , and that fact somehow became known to market participants , they would be perceived as weak and , consequently , might come under further pressure from creditors .
To address this so - called stigma problem , the Federal Reserve created a new discount window program , the Term Auction Facility ( TAF ) .
Under the TAF , the Federal Reserve has regularly auctioned large blocks of credit to depository institutions .
For various reasons , including the competitive format of the auctions , the TAF has not suffered the stigma of conventional discount window lending and has proved effective for injecting liquidity into the financial system .
2
Liquidity pressures in financial markets were not limited to the United States , and intense strains in the global dollar funding markets began to spill over to U.S. markets .
In response , the Federal Reserve entered into temporary currency swap agreements with major foreign central banks .
Under these agreements , the Federal Reserve provided dollars to foreign central banks in exchange for an equally valued quantity of foreign currency ; the foreign central banks , in turn , lent the dollars to banks in their own jurisdictions .
The swaps helped reduce stresses in global dollar funding markets , which in turn helped to stabilize U.S. markets .
Importantly , the swaps were structured so that the Federal Reserve bore no foreign exchange risk or credit risk .
3
As the financial crisis spread , the continuing pullback of private funding contributed to the illiquid and even chaotic conditions in financial markets and prompted runs on various types of financial institutions , including primary dealers and money market mutual funds .
4
To arrest these runs and help stabilize the broader financial system , the Federal Reserve used its emergency lending authority under Section 13 ( 3 ) of the Federal Reserve Act -- an authority not used since the Great Depression -- to provide short - term backup funding to certain nondepository institutions through a number of temporary facilities .
5
For example , in March 2008 the Federal Reserve created the Primary Dealer Credit Facility , which lent to primary dealers on an overnight , overcollateralized basis .
Subsequently , the Federal Reserve created facilities that proved effective in helping to stabilize other key institutions and markets , including money market mutual funds , the commercial paper market , and the asset - backed securities market .
As was intended , use of many of the Federal Reserve 's lending facilities has declined sharply as financial conditions have improved .
6
Some facilities were closed over the course of 2009 , and most other facilities expired at the beginning of this month .
As of today , the only facilities still in operation that offer credit to multiple institutions , other than the regular discount window , are the TAF ( the auction facility for depository institutions ) and the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) , which has supported the market for asset - backed securities , such as those that are backed by auto loans , credit card loans , small business loans , and student loans .
These two facilities will also be phased out soon :
The Federal Reserve has announced that the final TAF auction will be conducted on March 8 , and the TALF is scheduled to close on March 31 for loans backed by all types of collateral except newly issued commercial mortgage - backed securities ( CMBS ) and on June 30 for loans backed by newly issued CMBS.7
In addition , the Federal Reserve is in the process of normalizing the terms of regular discount window loans .
We have reduced the maximum maturity of discount window loans to 28 days , from 90 days , and we will consider whether further reductions in the maximum loan maturity are warranted .
Also , before long , we expect to consider a modest increase in the spread between the discount rate and the target federal funds rate .
These changes , like the closure of a number of lending facilities earlier this month , should be viewed as further normalization of the Federal Reserve 's lending facilities , in light of the improving conditions in financial markets ; they are not expected to lead to tighter financial conditions for households and businesses and should not be interpreted as signaling any change in the outlook for monetary policy , which remains about as it was at the time of the January meeting of the FOMC .
In summary , to help stabilize financial markets and to mitigate the effects of the crisis on the economy , the Federal Reserve established a number of temporary lending programs .
Under nearly all of the programs , only short - term credit , with maturities of 90 days or less , was extended , and under all of the programs credit was overcollateralized or otherwise secured as required by law .
The Federal Reserve believes that these programs were effective in supporting the functioning of financial markets and in helping to promote a resumption of economic growth .
The Federal Reserve has borne no loss on these operations thus far and anticipates no loss in the future .
The exit from these programs is substantially complete : Total credit outstanding under all programs , including the regular discount window , has fallen sharply from a peak of $ 1‑1/ 2 trillion around year - end 2008 to about $ 110 billion last week .
Separately , to prevent potentially catastrophic effects on the U.S. financial system and economy , and with the support of the Treasury Department , the Federal Reserve also used its emergency lending powers to help avoid the disorderly failure of two systemically important financial institutions , Bear Stearns and American International Group .
Credit extended under these arrangements currently totals about $ 116 billion , or about 5 percent of the Federal Reserve 's balance sheet .
The Federal Reserve expects these exposures to decline gradually over time .
The Board continues to anticipate that the Federal Reserve will ultimately incur no loss on these loans as well .
These loans were made with great reluctance under extreme conditions and in the absence of an appropriate alternative legal framework .
To preclude any future need for the Federal Reserve to lend in similar circumstances , we strongly support the establishment of a statutory regime for the safe resolution of failing , systemically important nonbank financial institutions .
Monetary Policy and Asset Purchases
In addition to supporting the functioning of financial markets , the Federal Reserve also applied an extraordinary degree of monetary policy stimulus to help counter the adverse effects of the financial crisis on the economy .
In September 2007 , the Federal Reserve began reducing its target for the federal funds rate from an initial level of 5 - 1/ 4 percent .
By late 2008 , this target reached a range of 0 to 1/4 percent , essentially the lowest feasible level .
With its conventional policy arsenal exhausted and the economy remaining under severe stress , the Federal Reserve decided to provide additional stimulus through large - scale purchases of federal agency debt and mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) that are fully guaranteed by federal agencies .
In March 2009 , the Federal Reserve expanded its purchases of agency securities and began to purchase longer - term Treasury securities as well .
All told , the Federal Reserve purchased $ 300 billion of Treasury securities and currently anticipates concluding purchases of $ 1.25 trillion of agency MBS and about $ 175 billion of agency debt securities at the end of March .
The Federal Reserve 's purchases have had the effect of leaving the banking system in a highly liquid condition , with U.S. banks now holding more than $ 1.1 trillion of reserves with Federal Reserve Banks .
A range of evidence suggests that these purchases and the associated creation of bank reserves have helped improve conditions in private credit markets and put downward pressure on longer - term private borrowing rates and spreads .
The FOMC anticipates that economic conditions , including low rates of resource utilization , subdued inflation trends , and stable inflation expectations , are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period .
In due course , however , as the expansion matures the Federal Reserve will need to begin to tighten monetary conditions to prevent the development of inflationary pressures .
The Federal Reserve has a number of tools that will enable it to firm the stance of policy at the appropriate time .
Most importantly , in October 2008 the Congress gave the Federal Reserve statutory authority to pay interest on banks ' holdings of reserve balances .
By increasing the interest rate on reserves , the Federal Reserve will be able to put significant upward pressure on all short - term interest rates , as banks will not supply short - term funds to the money markets at rates significantly below what they can earn by holding reserves at the Federal Reserve Banks .
Actual and prospective increases in short - term interest rates will be reflected in turn in longer - term interest rates and in financial conditions more generally .
8
The Federal Reserve has also been developing a number of additional tools it will be able to use to reduce the large quantity of reserves held by the banking system .
Reducing the quantity of reserves will lower the net supply of funds to the money markets , which will improve the Federal Reserve 's control of financial conditions by leading to a tighter relationship between the interest rate on reserves and other short - term interest rates .
One such tool is reverse repurchase agreements ( reverse repos ) , a method that the Federal Reserve has used historically as a means of absorbing reserves from the banking system .
In a reverse repo , the Federal Reserve sells a security to a counterparty with an agreement to repurchase the security at some date in the future .
The counterparty 's payment to the Federal Reserve has the effect of draining an equal quantity of reserves from the banking system .
Recently , by developing the capacity to conduct such transactions in the triparty repo market , the Federal Reserve has enhanced its ability to use reverse repos to absorb very large quantities of reserves .
The capability to carry out these transactions with primary dealers , using our holdings of Treasury and agency debt securities , has already been tested and is currently available .
To further increase its capacity to drain reserves through reverse repos , the Federal Reserve is also in the process of expanding the set of counterparties with which it can transact and developing the infrastructure necessary to use its MBS holdings as collateral in these transactions .
As a second means of draining reserves , the Federal Reserve is also developing plans to offer to depository institutions term deposits , which are roughly analogous to certificates of deposit that the institutions offer to their customers .
The Federal Reserve would likely auction large blocks of such deposits , thus converting a portion of depository institutions ' reserve balances into deposits that could not be used to meet their very short - term liquidity needs and could not be counted as reserves .
A proposal describing a term deposit facility was recently published in the Federal Register , and we are currently analyzing the public comments that have been received .
After a revised proposal is reviewed by the Board , we expect to be able to conduct test transactions this spring and to have the facility available if necessary shortly thereafter .
Reverse repos and the deposit facility would together allow the Federal Reserve to drain hundreds of billions of dollars of reserves from the banking system quite quickly , should it choose to do so .
The Federal Reserve also has the option of redeeming or selling securities as a means of applying monetary restraint .
A reduction in securities holdings would have the effect of further reducing the quantity of reserves in the banking system as well as reducing the overall size of the Federal Reserve 's balance sheet .
The sequencing of steps and the combination of tools that the Federal Reserve uses as it exits from its currently very accommodative policy stance will depend on economic and financial developments .
One possible sequence would involve the Federal Reserve continuing to test its tools for draining reserves on a limited basis , in order to further ensure preparedness and to give market participants a period of time to become familiar with their operation .
As the time for the removal of policy accommodation draws near , those operations could be scaled up to drain more significant volumes of reserve balances to provide tighter control over short - term interest rates .
The actual firming of policy would then be implemented through an increase in the interest rate paid on reserves .
If economic and financial developments were to require a more rapid exit from the current highly accommodative policy , however , the Federal Reserve could increase the interest rate paid on reserves at about the same time it commences significant draining operations .
I currently do not anticipate that the Federal Reserve will sell any of its security holdings in the near term , at least until after policy tightening has gotten under way and the economy is clearly in a sustainable recovery .
However , to help reduce the size of our balance sheet and the quantity of reserves , we are allowing agency debt and MBS to run off as they mature or are prepaid .
The Federal Reserve is currently rolling over all maturing Treasury securities , but in the future it may choose not to do so in all cases .
In the long run , the Federal Reserve anticipates that its balance sheet will shrink toward more historically normal levels and that most or all of its security holdings will be Treasury securities .
Although passively redeeming agency debt and MBS as they mature or are prepaid will move us in that direction , the Federal Reserve may also choose to sell securities in the future when the economic recovery is sufficiently advanced and the FOMC has determined that the associated financial tightening is warranted .
Any such sales would be at a gradual pace , would be clearly communicated to market participants , and would entail appropriate consideration of economic conditions .
As a result of the very large volume of reserves in the banking system , the level of activity and liquidity in the federal funds market has declined considerably , raising the possibility that the federal funds rate could for a time become a less reliable indicator than usual of conditions in short - term money markets .
Accordingly , the Federal Reserve is considering the utility , during the transition to a more normal policy configuration , of communicating the stance of policy in terms of another operating target , such as an alternative short - term interest rate .
In particular , it is possible that the Federal Reserve could for a time use the interest rate paid on reserves , in combination with targets for reserve quantities , as a guide to its policy stance , while simultaneously monitoring a range of market rates .
No decision has been made on this issue ; we will be guided in part by the evolution of the federal funds market as policy accommodation is withdrawn .
The Federal Reserve anticipates that it will eventually return to an operating framework with much lower reserve balances than at present and with the federal funds rate as the operating target for policy .
9
Conclusion
To sum up , in response to severe threats to our economy , the Federal Reserve created a series of special lending facilities to stabilize the financial system and encourage the resumption of private credit flows .
As market conditions and the economic outlook have improved , many of these programs have been terminated or are being phased out .
The Federal Reserve also promoted economic recovery through sharp reductions in its target for the federal funds rate and through purchases of securities .
The economy continues to require the support of accommodative monetary policies .
However , we have been working to ensure that we have the tools to reverse , at the appropriate time , the currently very high degree of monetary stimulus .
We have full confidence that , when the time comes , we will be ready to do so .
1. Indeed , when the final accounting is complete , these programs are likely to generate significant positive returns for taxpayers .
Of course , stabilization of the financial system , not profit , was the principal goal of the programs .
Return to text
2 . Another possible reason that the TAF has not suffered from stigma is that auctions are not settled for several days , which signals to the market that auction participants do not face an immediate shortage of funds .
Return to text
3 . In particular , foreign central banks , not the Federal Reserve , bore the credit risk associated with the foreign central banks ' dollar - denominated loans to financial institutions .
Return to text
4. Primary dealers are broker - dealers that trade in U.S. government securities with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Return to text
5. Section 13 ( 3 ) of the Federal Reserve Act authorizes Reserve Banks to lend to individuals , partnerships , and corporations in " unusual and exigent circumstances " as determined by the Board of Governors .
The Federal Reserve invoked Section 13 ( 3 ) on two occasions during the 1960s to establish lending facilities for savings associations ; however , no credit was extended through either facility .
Return to text
6 . In designing its facilities , the Federal Reserve in many cases incorporated features -- such as pricing that was unattractive under normal financial conditions -- aimed at encouraging borrowers to reduce their use of the facilities as financial conditions returned to normal .
In the case of other facilities , particularly those that made available fixed amounts of credit through auctions , the Federal Reserve has gradually reduced offered amounts .
Return to text
7 . The TALF extends three - and five - year loans , which will remain outstanding after the facility closes for new loans .
The extension of the CMBS portion of the facility reflects the Board 's assessment that conditions in that sector remain highly stressed , as well as the fact that CMBS securitizations are more complex and take longer to arrange than other types .
Return to text
8 . Increases in the interest rate paid on reserves are unlikely to prove a net subsidy to banks , as the higher return on reserve balances will be offset by similar increases in banks ' funding costs .
Indeed , on balance , banks ' net interest margins will likely decline when short - term rates rise .
Return to text
9 . The authority to pay interest on reserves is likely to be an important component of the future operating framework for monetary policy .
For example , one approach is for the Federal Reserve to bracket its target for the federal funds rate with the discount rate above and the interest rate on excess reserves below .
Under this so - called corridor system , the ability of banks to borrow at the discount rate would tend to limit upward spikes in the federal funds rate , and the ability of banks to earn interest at the excess reserves rate would tend to contain downward movements .
Other approaches are also possible .
Given the very high level of reserve balances currently in the banking system , the Federal Reserve has ample time to consider the best long - run framework for policy implementation .
The Federal Reserve believes it is possible that , ultimately , its operating framework will allow the elimination of minimum reserve requirements , which impose costs and distortions on the banking system .
Return to text
Although it has been evident for some time that General Motors ' sale of its Hummer brand to Sichuan Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machines Co. , Ltd. , we did n't expect for word to come down today that the negotiations are dead and the brand will be wound down .
Unfortunately , judging by a press release just issued by GM , that 's exactly what will be happening .
According to John Smith , GM 's vice president of corporate planning and alliances , " One year ago , General Motors announced that we were going to divest Hummer , as part of focusing our efforts on Chevrolet GMC and Cadillac going forward .
We have since considered a number of possibilities for Hummer along the way , and we are disappointed that the deal with Tengzhong could not be completed .
" As we learned from the Saab sale saga , GM announcing that the brand will be wound down does not completely extinguish hope for another buyer to slip in in the 11th hour , but it does seem highly improbable that a new party will pick up where the negotiations with China 's Tengzhong left off .
In the statement available after the jump , GM does not specify what killed the planned sale of the brand , but rumors in recent months suggested that the Chinese government was not keen to sign off on the deal .
At the moment , it is unclear what will happen to Hummer 's H2 and H3/H3T models , but it is likely that the tooling and manufacturing rights will be sold off to other companies .
It is also unclear how many employees will be out of work as a result of the closure .
As with the wind - down of its Saturn and Pontiac brands , GM has pledged to honor Hummer warranties and continue to supply service and parts .
Submitted by cpowell on Sat , 2010-03-27 22:39 .
6:39 p ET Saturday , March 27 , 2010
Dear Friend of GATA and Gold :
London metals trader Andrew Maguire , who warned an investigator for the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission in advance about a gold and silver market manipulation to be undertaken by traders for JPMorgan Chase in February and whose whistleblowing was publicized by GATA at Thursday 's CFTC hearing on metals futures trading --
http://www.gata.org/node/8466
-- was injured along with his wife the next day when their car was struck by a hit - and - run driver in the London area .
According to GATA 's contact with Maguire , board member Adrian Douglas , Maguire and his wife were admitted to a hospital overnight and released today and are expected to recover fully .
Maguire told Douglas by telephone today that his car was struck by a car careening out of a side road .
When a pedestrian who witnessed the crash tried to block the other driver 's escape , the other driver accelerated at the pedestrian , causing him to jump out of the way to avoid being hit .
The other driver 's car then struck two other cars in escaping .
But the other driver was caught by police after a chase in which police helicopters were summoned .
We 'll convey more information about the incident as it becomes available .
CHRIS POWELL , Secretary / Treasurer
Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee Inc .
ADVERTISEMENT
Prophecy Resource Corp. Appoints Rob McEwen to Advisory Board
Prophecy Resource Corp. ( TSX.V : PCY , OTC : PCYRF ) is pleased to announce the appointment of Rob McEwen to the company 's Advisory Board .
McEwen is a leading Canadian mining industry entrepreneur .
He is the chairman and CEO of U.S. Gold Corp. and Minera Andes Inc. McEwen was the founder and former chairman and CEO of Goldcorp Inc. , whose Red Lake Mine in northwestern Ontario , Canada , is considered to be the richest gold mine in the world .
During his tenure at Goldcorp , McEwen transformed the company from a collection of small companies into a mining powerhouse , growing its market capitalization from $ 50 million to approximately $ 8 billion .
For Prophecy Resource Corp.'s complete statement :
http://www.prophecyresource.com/news_2010_mar11b.php
http://gata.org/tshirts
Or a colorful poster of GATA 's full - page ad in The Wall Street Journal on January 31 , 2009 :
http://gata.org/node/wallstreetjournal
Or a video disc of GATA 's 2005 Gold Rush 21 conference in the Yukon :
http://www.goldrush21.com/
* * *
Help keep GATA going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at :
http://www.gata.org
To contribute to GATA , please visit :
http://www.gata.org/node/16
George Monbiot 's third article on government grants for domestic solar panels ignores the errors that I and others have protested about in the opening assertion in his first article .
He alleged that the UK government 's feed - in tariff regime is " about to transfer £ 8.6 bn from the poor to the middle classes " .
In saying that , he managed to get three things wrong .
The actual sum raised from the tariff levy from all electricity consumers , not just households , to 2030 will be £ 6.7 bn ; it will be spread over 20 years ; and it will be more than offset – if the government is true to its word – by energy efficiency savings stimulated in parallel market - building schemes .
Yet we see no retraction in George 's latest , much less an apology for trying to turn feed - in tariffs into a new form of class war on a false premise .
That was just where the problems began in the first article .
In his third , he rewords many of his original mistaken views .
I address those one by one on my website .
The main new item in George 's latest involves using a report from what he calls the " Ruhr University " to back his assault on the German feed - in tariff programme .
He did not tell his readers – maybe he did n't know – that this study 's " editorial office " is RWI , an organisation well known for being a thinktank helpful to the big German energy companies .
There is an irony in a campaigner such as George deploying arguments against other campaigners using such a source .
Elsewhere in his article George declares that " I detest the big energy companies that give us our electricity " .
Here is what the German ministry for environment , nature conservation and nuclear safety has to say about RWI 's arguments against the feed - in tariffs ( or the EEG , as they are known in Germany ) :
" Whereas the International Energy Agency and the European Commission comment that the EEG is an effective and efficient tool , and dozens of countries in the EU and beyond are following the German example , RWI remains stuck in its old way of thinking . "
One of George 's restated arguments , echoing RWI , is that
" we have to ensure that we get the biggest available bang for our buck : in other words the greatest cut in greenhouse gas production from the money we spend . "
Let me reword my original retort , which he chooses to ignore .
We need to think about how the photovoltaic ( PV ) bang for buck changes over time as economies of scale reduce costs , and we need to think about spawning a mix of survival technologies , not just one or two that happen to be the cheapest in March 2010 .
Then there is the question of the relative investments in the feed - in regime and other carbon - cutting options , compared to the prize available .
If government and business do nothing together to make the UK solar and other tariffs cost - neutral as promised – an unlikely assumption - the tariffs for all technologies will add a few hundred million pounds a year to the nation 's electricity bills .
Other forms of energy market support will add billions per year to taxpayers bills , with little or no chance of being rendered cost - neutral .
Nuclear waste alone will add more than £ 3bn a year .
I asked Dr Rob Gross , a director of the UK Energy Research Centre and co-author of an immense study for the UK government on the cost - effectiveness of low - carbon technologies , to comment on George 's latest .
He said : " It is obvious to anyone who knows anything at all about technologies and innovation that PV is one of the most promising in terms of long run cost reductions …
The impact of feed - in tariffs on consumers will be very small compared to the cost of big investments in CCS , grid , nuclear and offshore . "
George argues that the German feed - in tariffs have done little to stimulate innovation in the German solar industry .
" In fact , the ( Ruhr ) paper shows the scheme has stimulated massive demand for old , clunky solar cells at the expense of better models beginning to come onto the market . "
If George had ever visited a German solar factory , he would have seen plenty of innovation under way .
When he speaks of " clunky old cells " he offers a telling insight into how little he understands of what is going on in the PV industry .
I asked Professor Eicke Weber , director of the Fraunhofer Institute , Germany 's premier solar research institute , to comment on George 's argument that research and development was preferable to feed - in tariffs .
Weber responded that it is vital to understand that " the decreasing prices of PV are driven down not merely by R&D but rather by the increasing market .
The learning curve is cost versus total installed volume and shows … that with each doubling of the globally installed volume , the price comes down by about 20 % .
This is of course driven by progress in R&D , but this is driven very strongly by market forces " .
If we waited until R&D had produced PV capable of generating electricity at today 's prices , says Weber , " it would never happen " .
There has been innovation in the German PV industry , and there will be yet more , leading to further incremental improvements in efficiency , design and delivery .
But that is always the case in a business revolution .
If one had waited for improvements to end in the digital revolution one would still be waiting .
So it will be in the solar revolution .
George sees little scope for German export of PV , and
" the UK 's prospects of building the major export industry Jeremy dreams of are even slighter , as it will now have to take on Germany as well as China and Japan .
We 've missed the boat by years " .
Today , in a UK PV market a fraction of 1 % the size of the German one , we already have a PV export industry of sorts .
Crystallox manufactures ingots and wafers – the raw materials for cells - and exports worldwide .
Sharp and Romag manufacture modules for export beyond the currently small domestic market .
My company , Solarcentury , manufactures PV tiles and slates for the domestic market and export into Europe .
George has ignored all Solarcentury 's invitations to visit and see all this .
If he had , he would appreciate that there is plenty of scope for British companies to expand into this industry .
The most eminent venture capitalist in Silicon Valley , Vinod Khosla , recently said the place will have to be named " Solar Valley " within 10 years .
This is because the practitioners of the digital revolution are switching en masse into the embryonic solar revolution in the factories that are springing up around Sunnyvale .
Given our national design and technology skills , what 's to stop a big slug of that revolution being sited in the UK ?
George makes much of the fact that Asian manufacturers are now exporting cheap PV into Germany .
True , the Germans are under great pricing pressure now from the industries they have themselves helped create , with their attractive domestic feed - in tariff , in Asia .
But that is globalisation at work .
Whether this is a good idea , in a world approaching peak oil , is a whole other debate , and one wherein George and I might find a lot to agree on .
But peak oil and the downsides of globalisation actually provide another compelling reason for trying as hard as we can to develop a variety of fully - integrated domestic renewables industries in the UK .
And for that we will need feed - in tariffs , for a while .
Finally , let me comment on George 's premise that anyone who has entered the world of business cannot be trusted , or should have their views discounted compared to " independents " such as himself .
" I have no horses in this race , " George announces , " I have no products to sell . "
If we believe in the horrors that await a world making little or no effort to cut greenhouse - gas emissions , we all have to back horses .
I have gone so far as to set up a company and a charity to back one of my ( numerous ) favoured horses .
As George put it in his book Heat ,
We are glad to announce the release of Solang 0.4 .
This is an unstable release introducing new features and improvements , and has undergone significant changes .
Solang is a photo manager for GNOME .
It lets you manage your collection of photos by tagging them and searching through them based on various criteria — tags , EXIF data , etc ; and offers a limited set of editing functionalities .
Under the hood , Solang uses Tracker which allows it to automatically detect all the photos on your computer and publishes the tags all across the desktop .
New Features :
Replaced our own database with Tracker .
SPARQL is used to gain access to the meta information about the photos .
Photos are in the Nepomuk desktop ontology represented by the class nmm : Photo .
Tags are in the same ontology represented in its annotation section .
They are represented by the class nao : Tag .
The folder importer is now obsolete and has been removed because Tracker automatically indexes all photos on the system .
Photo meta - data are now obtained from Tracker instead of reading Exif directly .
Improved thumbnail management .
Rely on an implementation of the Thumbnail Management Specification , such as Tumbler , for creating thumbnails .
Created thumbnails are now stored according to the Thumbnail Managing Standard
No separate editor renderer .
Photos can now be edited directly in the enlarged renderer .
Moved the UI controls for the browser render ’s pagination bar and zoomer to more standard locations .
The previous and next buttons , and slider are now part of the main toolbar , while the currently displayed range is indicated in the status bar .
UI cleanup .
No text is shown in the thumbnail view and all additions or removals to the search basket are now automatic .
New dependencies on GEGLmm , Tracker , D - Bus GLib and the org.freedesktop.thumbnails.xxx
D-Bus services .
Minimum required version of GEGL is 0.1.x .
Dropped dependencies on Exiv2 , Flickcurl , LibGdamm , LibGPhoto2 , LibSoup and WebKit Gtk+.
Regressions :
Camera and Flickr importers are absent .
There is no date view or searching based on dates .
Changes made to photos can not be saved and there is no undo / redo .
The scale , brightness , contrast and saturation operations are missing from the editor .
Tags do not have an icon associated with them .
Translations :
Bengali ( India ) ( bn_IN )
French ( fr )
Hebrew ( he )
Polish ( pl )
Thanks :
Adrien Beudin
Florent Thévenet
Liel Fridman
Piotr Drąg
Sankarshan Mukhopadhyay
Yasen Pramatarov
Download , Home Page , Support :
The sequence ’s Creative Director , Danny Yount , is a self - taught Emmy - winning designer / director who produced the main titles for Six Feet Under and The Grid while at Digital Kitchen .
He currently resides at Prologue Films and has created titles for Kiss Kiss Bang Bang , Iron Man and RocknRolla .
A disscussion with Creative Director DANNY YOUNT of Prologue Films .
Take us through your artistic process – how do you begin a project like Sherlock Holmes ?
What was your approach to the logos and the beginning and end titles ?
DY : I got a call from director Guy Ritchie while he was in the middle stages of principal photography .
He liked what we made for RocknRolla and asked us to consider something for Sherlock Holmes .
We were sent a script and got very excited about it after seeing the more edgy and fun interpretation of the classic character .
So Ilya Abulhanov and myself made a couple of ideas .
Early concept from Danny Yount
Early concept from IIya Abulhanov
I was invited to fly out to present them at one of the sets in London and see some of the film , so I had a very strong sense after that of where they wanted to go visually .
The brief I was given was to do a live action shoot that involved a lot of newspaper headlines from the late 1800s , which would give a little history to the early beginnings of Holmes and Watson and lead into the first scene of the film following the last headline on top of a stack of newspapers laid at the doorstep .
We also wanted to show part of the printing process of that time period using the linotype machine and woodblock type headline compositions .
After going back and forth a bit , we concluded that it should be a macro shoot and very graphic , so we rented some time at a printing museum and set up several still shoots to get all the material we needed for storyboards .
I also shot some test footage with the Canon 5D to do a couple motion style tests .
They liked the presentation and told us they would get back to us .
View 3 images Printing press concepts
Motion style tests
Several months went by and the film had taken shape more so they decided to lose the headlines sequence .
They went from wanting a full main title to having a short main title and an end credit sequence .
They also wanted the end credits to be an anthem to the film , using highlights from the movie .
Designers Henry Hobson , Simon Clowes , and Lisa Bolan teamed up and made those storyboards .
I decided to go into a different direction with mine .
In retrospect , I think they were a little dark !
End credit storyboard from finished sequence – Henry Hobson , Simon Clowes , and Lisa Bolan
Once they approved the look , we had about four weeks from start to finish , and we were also given a special effects sequence .
It was a lot of work , even for a company our size .
But we have a great group of talented and dedicated people who did what it took to get it done .
End credit storyboard by Danny Yount
How large was the production team , and how closely do you work with them ?
We broke up into three separate teams with a total of about 14 people working around the clock .
The end credit sequence required the most people by far , as there was so much detail in the illustration and transition work .
The illustrations took a long time to make .
I ’m not sure if Jorge slept very much .
The main title and Hallucination VFX team was myself and Brett .
The opening logos José and Todd .
I work very closely with everyone and I am always part of the process .
I owe that to the client and I especially owe that to the younger designers who are building their own body of work and careers .
I also learn a lot from them – they always bring in new ways of doing things .
And they learn from me as I help them to avoid the same mistakes I made when I was their age .
In the opening logos , is there any part of the cobblestones that are real ?
Nope !
Just well - crafted 3D .
José and Todd are masters .
The client originally wanted the logos formed out of pools of water but Chris Sanchez came up with the idea of making them out of the cobblestones , which they loved .
José made an excellent shading system that nailed the look of the wet gritty surfaces and the weathered stones , which took a lot of love to shape into very uneven bricks .
That ’s the trick with making good CG – you have to spend a lot of time modeling the imperfections or it will miss the mark .
It will look stiff and look like a video game .
Same with the camera work – you have to make cameras that feel heavy and are hard to throw around .
The more of a human touch you can bring into CG , the better it looks and feels .
They also wanted to have a carriage break frame and cut to the opening shot but I thought it would be more interesting to just whip the camera up to the first shot .
Todd used camera projection techniques for it to marry properly .
I also wanted leaves to blow across the surface but we just ran out of time .
Opening Studio Logos
For the Illustrated Paper and Illustrated Times motif that permeates both the opening and closing title sequences – the period sketches speckled with patterns in the clues and fine detail in the patterns – what tools did you use to accomplish this ?
A lot of human hands , a photocopier , ink footage , and a few Photoshop filters .
Do you wrestle with taking creative risks ?
How do you balance doing something because it strikes you personally versus doing something overtly reflective of the film ’s subject ?
When do you hold to a vision and when do you experiment ?
I always experiment and I always push .
That is what the client wants and it is what I am being paid to do .
But if I ignore the brief , then anything I do becomes worthless to them .
Or if I design something that is too abstract and self - inflated then it becomes meaningless no matter how beautiful it is .
It has to communicate and it has to be interesting and stimulating – in that order .
It is funny though that we call these “ creative risks ” – I think the only risk you take is when you ignore the client .
And if you are going to do that then you better also have their version or you may get fired from the assignment .
It ’s a matter of trust , that ’s all .
And once that is established most smart clients will give you freedom .
Hallucination VFX
What are some of the lessons in title design that you ’ve come across ?
Did you learn anything new on Sherlock Holmes ?
It has to work perfectly with the film !
I ’m a guitarist , so I like to look at it like a solo break – I get my short time in the spotlight but I have to use it to make the song better .
If I play sloppy , that makes it worse .
If I play too fast and show off , it might get interesting but it is inappropriate .
What gets you thinking differently ?
What new technologies are you embracing ?
Travel and people and nature .
I ’m interested in some of the newer apps like Houdini and Nuke .
I would also like to buy myself a Canon 7D sometime soon .
What brings you the most satisfaction ?
Seeing the final piece on - screen ?
Or is it the process that brings you joy ?
Both .
I love the process – I get to learn so many things and get to sharpen my skills , but I also get very “ locked in ” to what I ’m doing .
There ’s a level of commitment to the process that makes you go very deep and explore every aspect – it becomes apparent to you that you are created for that very purpose .
And when you realize that , you pour yourself into every part of the process of exploration .
It is only something that those who have been there can understand .
We are created to create .
When we realize what we are good at and pursue it with all we have , it becomes very rewarding intellectually as well as spiritually .
Main Titles
As far as seeing it on the screen – you forget all the pain you have been through .
It is a cliché , I know , but it is like giving birth .
You forget the hardship and long hours and stressed relationships and you walk away with a satisfaction that you did your best .
And if you handled the job well , everyone you worked with is better as a result .
So what excites you outside of the design field ?
My family and riding my dirt bike and photography .
I also love speaking at conferences – I meet so many cool people and get to see new places .
What ’s next for you ?
I ’m working on Iron Man 2 and things are looking good so far .
View the credits for this sequence
NOTE : Further investigation has revealed that all versions of Sothink Web Video Downloader are malware free .
For more , read our update .
Issue
Two experimental add - ons , Version 4.0 of Sothink Web Video Downloader and all versions of Master Filer were found to contain Trojan code aimed at Windows users .
Version 4.0 of Sothink Web Video Downloader contained Win32.LdPinch.gen , and Master Filer contained Win32.Bifrose.32 .Bifrose Trojan .
Both add - ons have been disabled on AMO .
Impact to users
If a user installs one of these infected add - ons , the trojan would be executed when Firefox starts and the host computer would be infected by the trojan .
Uninstalling these add - ons does not remove the trojan from a user ’s system .
Users with either of these add - ons should uninstall them immediately .
Since uninstalling these extensions does not remove the trojan from a user ’s system , an antivirus program should be used to scan and remove any infections .
Status
This vulnerability is known to affect Firefox on Windows only , if either Master Filer or Version 4.0 of Sothink Web Video Downloader are installed .
Versions of Sothink Web Video Downloader greater than 4.0 are not infected .
Master Filer was downloaded approximately 600 times between September 2009 and January 2010 .
Version 4.0 of Sothink Web Video Downloader was downloaded approximately 4,000 times between February 2008 and May 2008 .
Master Filer was removed from AMO on January 25 , 2010 and Version 4.0 of Sothink Web Video Downloader was removed from AMO on February 2 , 2010 .
AMO performs a malware check on all add - ons uploaded to the site , and blocks add - ons that are detected as such .
This scanning tool failed to detect the Trojan in Master Filer .
Two additional malware detection tools have been added to the validation chain and all add - ons were rescanned , which revealed the additional Trojan in Version 4.0 of Sothink Web Video Downloader .
No other instances of malware have been discovered .
Credit
This issue was originally reported by CatThief .
Antivirus Software
Here is a list of antivirus programs known to detect the trojans found in the affected add - ons .
Antiy - AVL
Avast
AVG
GData
Ikarus
K7AntiVirus
McAfee
Norman
VBA32
* U.S. gasoline and distillate stocks fall , crude rises
* OPEC decides to leave output targets unchanged
* OPEC pumping above quotas to meet rising demand - Saudi
* Russia 's Rosneft faces export deadlock
* Coming up : Oil inventory for Cushing , OK , from Genscape ( Recasts , updates prices at settlement , adds quote )
By David Sheppard and Ed McAllister
NEW YORK , March 17 ( Reuters ) -
Oil rose more than 1 percent to end near $ 83 a barrel on Wednesday after a U.S. government report showed increased oil product demand and as OPEC decided to leave output targets unchanged .
A weaker U.S. dollar against a basket of currencies also provided support , following Tuesday 's U.S. Federal Reserve decision to keep low interest rates steady .
U.S. crude for April delivery CLc1 gained $ 1.23 to settle at $ 82.93 a barrel .
London Brent crude LCOc1 rose $ 1.43 to settle at $ 81.96 .
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) on Wednesday showed oil product demand in the world 's largest energy consumer was up 3.5 percent last week from a year ago .
A 1.7 million - barrel drop in gasoline stocks and a 1.4 million - barrel drop in heating oil stocks was partly offset by a 1.1 million - barrel rise in crude oil inventories .
[ EIA/S ]
" Today 's EIA data reaffirms improving demand and fundamentals for the energy complex , led by gasoline , " said Chris Jarvis , senior analyst at Caprock Risk Management .
< ^ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ^
OPEC compliance with production cutbacks
Weekly crude inventory data for the Cushing , Oklahoma , oil hub from Genscape is due out Thursday at 10:30 a.m. EDT ( 1430 GMT ) .
The dollar fell against a basket of currencies on Wednesday as investors sought better returns elsewhere .
[ USD / ]
The U.S. Federal Reserves ' commitment to low interest rates on Tuesday lifted optimism and helped push up U.S. markets . [ .N ]
" A renewed appetite for risk is currently spurring much of the price strength and is tied in with strong global equity markets and a soft U.S. dollar , " said Jim Ritterbusch , president at Ritterbusch & Associates in Galena , Illinois .
Earlier on Wednesday , Saudi Arabia 's Oil Minister Ali al - Naimi described current prices as " beautiful " as the OPEC producer group decided to leave record output curbs unchanged at its meeting in Vienna .
Members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , which pumps roughly one in every three barrels of oil , maintained official cuts of 4.2 million barrels per day ( bpd ) .
[ ID:nLDE62G0Q8 ]
Since curbing output in December 2008 as the economic crisis intensified , OPEC has seen prices rally from below $ 40 a barrel to a peak of $ 83.95 in January , despite lower compliance from some members in recent months .
Naimi said global oil demand will grow by about 1 million bpd by the second half of this year
" Good demand , reliable supply , beautiful prices -- we are very happy , " Naimi said .
[ ID: nLDE62G0SZ ]
" Everything is relative -- if there was no demand , there would be no leakage , " Naimi said .
A nascent recovery in the global economy and higher prices has encouraged revenue - hungry OPEC members to pump more oil .
In February , they were making just 53 percent of promised cuts .
Saudi Arabia , OPEC 's largest producer , has previously said oil near $ 75 a barrel is necessary to encourage investment in future supplies to meet booming demand from emerging economies , and is ultimately good for both producers and consumers .
But rising prices at the pumps have threatened to squeeze consumers still struggling in the aftermath of the worst recession for 70 years .
Retail gasoline prices in the United States soared to their highest level in nearly 18 months last week and could soon top $ 3 a gallon , the U.S. Department of Energy said on Monday .
Unemployment in the world 's largest energy consumer is almost 10 percent .
[ ID :nN15217382 ]
Oil prices were boosted further by news that Russian oil major Rosneft ROSN .
MM faces a possible export deadlock after bankrupt rival YUKOS won U.S. and British court injunctions making cash payments to the state oil company in the West very complex , market sources said on Wednesday .
[ ID : nLDE62F22 Z ]
Planning for the future requires careful analysis of all available options .
At the law firm of Leonard F. Berg , Attorney at Law , we help individuals and families make important decisions in the areas of estate planning , Medicaid planning , elder law , planning for people with disabilities , veterans benefits , and planning for retirement and other transitions .
With more than 30 years of experience , attorney Leonard F. Berg brings a wealth of knowledge and legal know - how to our client work .
Choosing the right strategies and tools can be overwhelming .
Our law firm is dedicated to guiding you through the planning process with as little stress as possible .
At the law firm of Leonard F. Berg , Attorney at Law , we provide individual attention and custom legal solutions tailored to the unique needs of our elderly and special needs clients .
Pourquoi louer une maison de vacances en Espagne ?
Il n’y a aucun doute que l’Espagne est une des destinations phares pour passer des vacances ensoleillées .
L’offre de locations de vacances en Espagne a véritablement explosé dernièrement et vous trouverez des villas différentes pour satisfaire tous les goûts .
Mais quels sont les avantages d’une location en Espagne ?
Voici quelques raisons pour lesquelles la location d’une maison en Espagne est très certainement le meilleur choix pour vos prochaines vacances !
Recherchez votre villa →
Location villa Espagne : un choix économique !
Détrompez - vous , si vous cherchez une location pas chère en Espagne , comme en Lloret de Mar , vous pouvez tout à fait prévoir de louer une villa !
Le coût d’une villa est beaucoup plus intéressant qu’une réservation à l’hôtel ou au camping , où les coûts supplémentaires sont souvent très élevés dès qu’on veut un peu plus de confort .
Avec la location d’une villa , tous les services privatifs tels que la piscine , la connexion Wifi ou la cuisine équipée sont inclus .
En choisissant la location d’une maison en Espagne , vous bénéficiez de plus de luxe et de confort pour moins d'argent !
De plus , si vous partez avec un groupe nombreux , vous pourrez partager le prix de la location , ce qui revient toujours à un montant très raisonnable par personne .
Il faut aussi considérer l’économie considérable que vous ferez sur les restaurants .
Si vous louez une chambre d'hôtel , vous êtes obligé de vous rendre tous les jours à leur buffet monotone ou de dépenser beaucoup d'argent pour manger à l’extérieur .
Alors que certains soirs vous avez juste envie de profiter tranquillement d’un repas avec vos proches et préparer un bon barbecue ou un agréable diner en plein air avec un verre de vin et le coucher de soleil en arrière - plan .
Tout cela est possible dans une maison de vacances !
Recherchez votre villa →
Location villa Espagne : un confort absolu !
C’est vrai qu’aller camper avec ses enfants offre un aspect aventureux et ludique , mais quand vous voyagez si loin de la maison , pour une période plus prolongée , vous préférerez sans doute un séjour plus confortable !
Dans un hôtel , vous devriez soit tous dormir dans une chambre , soit prendre différentes chambres .
Alors qu’une location en Espagne vous assure un précieux confort : des chambres à part dans une même grande maison de vacances .
Souvent même avec plusieurs salles de bain .
Notez que , selon les arrangements pris avec le propriétaire de votre villa , il se peut que vous puissiez emmener votre animal de compagnie , pour un véritable voyage familial !
De plus , le charme d’une villa , comparé à une chambre d’hôtel , est incomparable .
Les propriétaires de ces hébergements de vacances s’efforcent de créer un décor de rêve pour le plaisir de leurs clients , offrant ainsi une villa souvent originale et personnalisée .
Le confort passe par des petits détails : un coin bar , une terrasse aménagée , un barbecue à disposition , une télévision « normale » pour regarder un film ensemble , une machine à laver pour laver ses vêtements .
La grande majorité des maisons de vacances en Espagne sont dotées d'une connexion Wifi gratuite , d'une télévision , de DVD , de livres , de jeux et d'autres options de divertissement .
Location villa Espagne : une intimité garantie !
La location d’une maison de vacances en Espagne est une option qui vous offre également toute l’intimité dont vous pourriez avoir besoin .
Vous aurez l’impression d’être comme chez vous .
Vous pourrez vous prélasser dans le salon à toute heure , vous promener toute la journée en pyjama , cuisiner de bons petits plats comme à la maison , jouer avec vos enfants dans le jardin et vous baigner à tout moment sans avoir besoin de partager , de réserver ou de payer en plus .
Imaginez - vous en fin de journée , au bord de la piscine , en toute tranquillité , avec l’entière liberté de siroter un bon cocktail , en attendant que les braises du barbecue soient à point , pour enchainer sur une soirée festive en famille à déguster de délicieuses spécialités espagnoles .
Pour des vacances de pure détente , on ne peut pas faire mieux que ça !
De plus , les maisons de vacances se trouvent généralement à des endroits où la plupart des hôtels ne peuvent pas s’installer , à savoir des endroits pittoresques vraiment spéciaux .
Vous pouvez faire vos achats là où vont les locaux , manger là où les habitants se rendent et aller sur les plages qu’ils fréquentent .
Vous pouvez vraiment découvrir la culture espagnole et vivre une expérience unique !
Location maison avec piscine ?
Nous sommes les spécialistes !
Si vous venez en Espagne , surtout pendant les mois les plus chauds , vous serez heureux de savoir qu’il existe des milliers de villas en Espagne dotées de leur propre piscine privée !
Quelle meilleure façon d’échapper de la chaleur en milieu d'après - midi qu’en plongeant dans votre propre piscine privée ?
Ce qui est également formidable , c’est qu’une piscine privée est vraiment un must dans beaucoup de villa en Espagne , et vous ne serez pas facturé d’une somme d'argent folle simplement parce que votre villa dispose d’une piscine .
Vous pouvez êtes sûr de trouver la maison idéale pour vous avec sa propre piscine privée !
Location Espagne en bord de mer ?
Nous avons ce qu’il vous faut !
Si vous visitez l’Espagne depuis un pays où vous n’êtes pas proche d’un océan ou d’une mer , une villa de vacances en Espagne située à proximité d’une plage va certainement vous intéresser !
L’Espagne regorge de magnifiques régions côtières , que ce soit la Costa Brava , la Costa Dorada , La Costa Blanca ou encore la Costa del Sol , vous pourrez toujours profiter d’un climat doux en hiver et des journées chaudes et ensoleillées en été , des petits villages authentiques , des baies vierges , des plages de sable fin , ou encore d’un paysage plus rocailleux avec des petites grottes mystérieuses dans les falaises .
Bref , il y en a pour tous les goûts !
De plus , certaines des plus célèbres villes espagnoles sont situées à proximité d'une mer ou d'un océan , comme Barcelone , Valence , Malaga et Bilbao , pour n'en nommer que quelques - unes .
Avoir le privilège de séjourner dans une villa de luxe qui dispose de sa propre piscine privée mais qui se trouve également à proximité de plages immaculées est un rêve absolu , que vous pouvez certainement réaliser avec une location de villa en Espagne !
Location de villa proche de Barcelone ?
Nous saurons vous conseiller !
Barcelone mérite très certainement une visite pendant votre séjour en maison de vacances sur la Costa Brava .
La ville abrite une architecture incroyable , une gastronomie fantastique et une culture unique .
C'est aussi une ville côtière avec un accès facile à la mer .
Comme dans toutes les grandes villes du monde , vous pouvez trouver d’excellentes options d’hébergement dans la ville .
Mais rien ne vaut la location de votre propre villa .
Vous trouverez en particulier des locations de maisons proches du centre - ville et jamais trop loin des plages .
Après une journée de visite de la Sagrada Familia , du Park Güell et d’un match du FC Barcelone , rien ne vaut un plongeon rafraichissant dans la piscine de votre villa avant de sortir pour quelques tapas le soir !
Alphabetized List of the 400 + Medical Professionals Appearing on this Page Fair Use Notice Bruce Abderholden , EMT – Firefighter and Emergency Medical Technician , State of Arkansas Daniel Abshear , BA – Former Physician Asst.
Former Hospital Corpsman , U.S. Navy and USMC Boremanse Adriano , PhD – Neuropsychology researcher Daniel A. Alba , EMT – EMT and Firefighter , State of Arizona Kris Alman , MD – Endocrinologist .
Board Certified in Diabetes , Endocrinology and Metabolism Scott A. Anderson , BS , RT – Registered Radiologic Technologist Dr. Julien Arbor – Licensed Clinical Psychologist , State of Illinois Christopher Asandra , MD – Emergency Medicine Physician Leon D. Ashbrook , BSN – Charge Nurse .
Veteran U.S. Army and U.S. Air Force James C. Atherton , BA Biological Science – Former cardio - respiratory therapist .
20 years experience Gwendolyn Atwood , EdD – Licensed Clinical Psychologist Dr. Neil R. Austin , BDS – General dental practitioner Steven G. Ayre , MD – Practicing physician , medical researcher , and medical educator Uta Bader , MD – Retired Physician John Kelly Baker – Paramedic and Firefighter Richard S. Banfield , Jr. , MD – Obstetrician and Gynecologist Bilal Barkatali , MBChB , MRCS – Physician Joern R. Baron , BS Medical Technology – Licensed Medical Technologist Frank Barthold , BA , MS , OTR/L – Licensed and Registered Occupational Therapist Megan Bartlett – WTC survivor .
Emergency Medical Technician ( EMT-D ) Wesley Edward Bassett , RN – Registered Nurse Deborah L. Bauman , RPN – Registered Practical Nurse Kim Bax , RN – Registered Nurse Kenneth Beck , PhD – Associate Professor , School of Medicine , University of California at Davis Eric Beeth , MD – Assistant Professor , General Practice Medicine , Vrije Universiteit , Brussels Robert Belenky , PhD Clinical Psychology – Retired Licensed Clinical Psychologist Sherry Bender , PT – Licensed Physical Therapist , State of New York John Spencer Beresford , MD ( 1924-2007 ) – Psychiatrist Cynthia Bernd , RN – Registered Nurse , States of California , Florida , and Texas Eulogio Besada , OD , FAAO , MS – Doctor of Optometry Capt .
Preston Bhang – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Oscar Abudara Bini , MD – Psychiatrist - Psychoanalyst Jon Bjornson , MD – Retired Psychiatrist .
Former Major , U.S. Army Medical Corps Susan Black , RN – Registered Nurse Craig Blomberg , BSN , PHN , RN – Registered Nurse .
Emergency Room nurse Robin L. Bomarito , BS , RT – Registered Radiologic Technologist Kevin Boulton , ADN , BSN , RN – Licensed Registered Nurse , State of New Mexico Anne Brackett , BA Psych , RCP – Licensed Respiratory Care Practitioner , State of California Mary Ellen Bradshaw , MD – Past President , American Association of Public Health Physicians Gregg Brady – WTC survivor .
Emergency Medical Technician ( EMT-D ) , Battalion 4 , FDNY Thomas Joseph Brannigan , MD – Board Certified Radiologist James M. Brophy III , BS , DDS , FACD , FPFA , FADI – Dentist .
International Editor , Dental World Bengt Brorson , DDS – Dentist Jo Ann Brown , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Texas Philip Brown , MA Acupuncture , LAc – Licensed Acupuncturist , State of New York Ken Burgess , MD , CCFP , DOHS – Family Practice and Occupational Health Physician Larry Burk , MD – Former Director of Education , Center for Integrative Medicine , Duke University Fred Burks , RN – Registered Nurse Peter M. Burr , MD – Retired Board Certified General and Plastic Surgeon Mike Butler – Licensed Paramedic , State of Georgia Margaret Byers , PhD – Professor Emerita , Anesthesiology & Biological Structure , Univ. of Washington Gerry Camarata , MD – Integrative Family Medicine Physician Patrick R. Carrington , MD – Dermatologist Antoinette Carroll , RN – Registered Nurse Robert J. Carton , PhD – Former Chief , Environmental Protection Office , U.S. Army Medical Research Mary K. Cason , EMT - P – Retired Paramedic and EMS Instructor , State of Colorado Clifford Cassidy , BSc Physiology , MSc Neuroscience – Medical researcher and doctoral candidate Michael Cavlan , ADN , RN – Licensed Registered Nurse , State of Minnesota Betty A. Chruscielski , BSN , RN , CEN – Registered Nurse , State of Minnesota Iain Cockhill , RMN – Registered Psychiatric Nurse Therapist Wendy S. Cohen , MD – Psychiatrist Justin J. Cole , BS , BSN , RN – Intensive Care Unit Nurse John W. Coleman , DC – Doctor of Chiropractic Cherry Connolly , BSN , LMT , NCTMB , RN – Registered Nurse Giacomo Consalez , MD – Director , Developmental Neurogenetics , Vita - Salute San Raffaele University Douglas W. Cook , MD – Licensed Physician , State of Louisiana Michael Copass , MS Microbiology & Molecular Genetics – Former medical researcher Stephanie Corn , MD , FAAP – Board Certified Pediatrician Brad Cotton , MD , FACEP – Emergency Medicine Physician Virginia Cotts , BS , BSN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Colorado Ross M. Cowan , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Texas Claire L. Cox , COMT , COE ( retired ) – Certified Ophthalmic Medical Technologist ( retired ) John Cox , RN – Registered Nurse .
Trauma Nurse Specialist Mark A. Cox , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Idaho Beth A. Crader , BSN , RN – Former Registered Nurse .
U.S. Army veteran Michael Cromeans , MD – Emergency Medicine Neil Leslie Crouse , BSN – Psychiatric Nurse , Province of Alberta Judy Kay Cunningham , RN , BSN , BA , MS , abd PhD – Registered Nurse Edwin E. Daniel , PhD – Professor Emeritus of Health Science , McMaster University Sheila Decora , DC – Licensed Doctor of Chiropractic , State of California Donald J. DeGracia , PhD – Associate Professor , School of Medicine , Wayne State University Jef De Loof , MD – Retired general practice physician Gary T. DelRosso , BS , DDS – Dentist / Endodontist Michael G. Dempsey , DO , FAAPMR , FAOCPMR – Osteopathic Physician and Surgeon Alexander L. Dent , PhD – Associate Professor , School of Medicine , Indiana University Keith DeOrio , MD , D.Hom – Physician Ineke Deruytert , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Oregon David Devlin , JD , BS ( bio ) , M.Ed , DPM – Former Board certified Podiatrist Dale Dewar , MD , CCFP , FCFP – Rural Family Practice Physician Denise D'Harlingue , DC – Licensed Chiropractor , State of Texas Murtaza A. Diwan , MD , FRCS – Physician .
Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons , Canada Paul P. Doghramji , MD , FAAFP – Family Practice Physician D. Glenn Dormer , BA , BSc , MSW , MD – Psychiatry resident Isidore H. Doroski , BS – Senior Public Health Sanitarian David W. Dowis , MD – Physician Lois Drumheller , BS , RRT – Registered Respiratory Therapist Jackie Sumner Duvall , ADN , RN – Retired Registered Nurse , State of Florida Paul Easton , PhD – Neuroscience Researcher William S Eidelman , MD – Physician Richard E. Elkins , BS & MS Industrial Education , DC – Doctor of Chiropractic Vesta Elliott , AAS – Ophthalmic Medical Technician Kenneth Ellis , MD – Orthopedic Surgeon Lt. Earl Emerson – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technican , State of Washington Douglas Nixon Everingham , MBBS – Minister for Health , Australia 1972 - 1975 Darnell T. Factory – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Capt .
Patricia Fay , ASN , RN , U.S. Army Reserves – Registered Nurse , State of Oregon Georg Feigl , MD – Medical University of Graz ( Ausrtia ) Ronald Feintech , BS , MA , PhD Clinical Psychology – Licensed Psychologist Michael B. Fernando , MD – Psychiatrist Dr. med .
Wolfgang Fischer – Physician Lance Fisher – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Robert Flaherty , BS , CLSp ( CG , MB ) – NCA Certified Clinical Laboratory Specialist Mark Forbes , BS Pharm , RPh – Registered Pharmacist , State of Missouri Robert Fornes , BA , DC – Retired Licensed Doctor of Chiropractic , State of California Alexa Franke , PhD – Professor , Faculty of Rehabilitation Sciences , University of Dortmund Laura Franseen , MD – Psychiatrist Carrie Ann Freeman , LPN – Licensed Pratical Nurse , State of Massachusetts Carl James Friar – Registered Paramedic Edward S. Friedrichs , MD – Retired Physician Leonard Fronton , DO – Retired Specialist in Geriatric Medicine Greg Fyfe , RT ( AART ) – Registered Radiologic Technologist Michael Gabriel , PhD – Professor emeritus , Psychology and Neuroscience , University of Illinois Adam Gardizi , BSN , RN – Registered Nurse and Public Health Nurse , State of California Toby Gardner , BA ( Psych ) , MBBS , FRACGP – General Practitione r Melissa Gatewood , RN – Registered Nurse , State of California Lt. Col.
Paul F. Getty , DDS , U.S. Army ( ret ) – Dentist .
Retired from military after 30 years of service Sarah Gilbertson , BN , RCompN , RM – Registered Comprehensive Nurse , New Zealand Alan Gilchrist , PhD – Professor of Psychology , Rutgers University Pav S. Gill , MB BS , LMSSA , DRCOG , DFFP – General Practitioner William Gillette , DC – Doctor of Chiropractic Battalion Chief Jon Gillis – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Eric Gipson , PA – Licensed Physician Assistant , State of Missouri Gwyllyn S. Goddard , BSc , MD , CCFP – Family Practice Physician Jacob Godwin – Licensed Acupuncturist , State of Texas Bill Gordon – Licensed Paramedic and Emergency Medical Technician , State of Florida Raymond Graap , MD – Internal Medicine Martelle D. Green , BSN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of New Jersey Lester Grinspoon , MD – Associate Professor Emeritus of Psychiatry , Harvard Medical School Surah Grumet , MD , MPH – Family Practice Physician Stephanie Gudeman , RN – Registered Nurse , State of California Thierry Guilmot , MD – General practitioner ( Médecin généraliste ) Dr. Noel Reyes Guzman – Radiologist Paul D. Haemig , PhD – Guest Researcher , Department of Infectious Diseases , Umeå University Sarkar Haider , MD – Clinical Cardiologist Jayme S. Hall , RN – Registered Nurse Thomas Halle , BA , DC – Retired Licensed Doctor of Chiropratic , State of California Janice Lynn Hallows , PhD Pharmacology , RPh – Medical researcher .
Registered Pharmacist Michael Hammerstone , EMT – Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Georgia Philip Hanfland , EMT – Emergency Medical Technician , State of Illinois Michael J. Hanrahan , DDS , FAGD – Dentist . 30 years in practice Basil M. Hantash , MD , PhD – Former Instructor , Stanford University School of Medicine Dr. F. Olaf Harder – Physician .
Surgery and general medicine Cherie Harrich , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Texas Dale E. Harris , MD – General and Family Practice Physician Chris Hawkins , RN – Registered Nurse , State of California Joseph Hawkins , BSc , DC – Doctor of Chiropractic Jack W. Heginbotham , BS , ADN , RN – Registered Nurse John C. Hiebert , MD , PhD – ABA Board certified anesthesiologist Susan Hoch , MD – Physician .
Member , American College of Rheumatology Gregory Scott Hodges , PHD – Diagnostic Medical Physicist Arnold Hoffenberg , MBBCh , DA , FFA – Anaethesiologist Herbert J. Hoffman , MA , PhD – Former Chief Mental Health Coordinator , Mass .
Dept. of Mental Health Joan M. Hoffmann MSN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of New York Stephen K. Holland , MD – Expert in care management and employee administration services Robert G. Horn , MD – Clinical Professor , Vanderbilt University School of Medicine Mark Alan Howard , DO – Emergency Physician Barbara Housand , MSW , RN – Registered Nurse , State of California Tim Howells , MS , PhD – Medical researcher Mohammad Ariful Huq , MB BS , FCP – Fellow of the College of Paediatrics Charles H. Hux , MD – Associate Professor , Robert Wood Johnson Medical School Mina Iannone , Pharm D , RPh – Registered Pharmacist , State of New Jersey Michelle Ibrahim , B.Eng – Pediatric Audiologist Salih Ibrahim , MBChB , MRCPath – Member of the Royal College of Pathologists Seth H. Imhof – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Florida Rick G. Ivan , DDS – Dentist Carl Janeway , BA , BSN – Emergency Room Trauma Nurse Pairote Jaroonwanichkul , MD – Oncologist Edwin E. Jewett – Retired Emergency Medical Technician , State of Massachusetts Paul Johansson , MS , PhD – Clinical psychologist / psychotherapy researcher James Howard Johnson , MD – Physician Laurel Johnson , LPN – Licensed Practical Nurse , State of North Carolina Steven Jonas , MD , MPH – Professor , Preventive Medicine and Public Health , Stony Brook University Jean M. Jones – Retired Registered Nurse , State of North Carolina Brenda Jorge , AAS Nursing , RN – Registered Nurse , State of New Hamshire Eva Kataja , MA , MS , PhD – Psychotherapist .
Former medical researcher J. Edward Kendrick , DDS – Dentist .
Fellow in the American College of Dentists Lawrence Kent , MA , PhD – Retired Licensed Social Worker , State of Ohio Faiz Khan , MD – Assistant Professor , Emergency Medicine , Long Island Jewish Hospital David King , MBBS , MPH , FRACGP – Fellow , Royal Australian College of General Practitioners Jeff King , MD , SB ( MIT Biology and Electrical Engineering ) – Retired Family Practice Physician Sally J. Kirby , BSN , RN – Licensed Registered Nurse , State of Oregon Peter J. Kirsch , MD – Forensic Pathologist Robert Klassen – Retired Respiratory Therapist .
45 - year career Michael D. Knox , PhD – Distinguished Professor , College of Medicine , University of South Florida Brian E. Kofke , BA – Paramedic .
5 years experience .
Pursuing career in nursing Gary G. Kohls , MD – Retired Family Practice Physician Barry R. Komisaruk , PhD – Professor of Psychology , Rutgers University Robert N. Koppen , MD – Physician Clay C. Kordahl , MS – Former U.S. Navy Hospital Corpsman Warren Kronenberg , MD – Psychiatrist Dr. Elfriede Krutsch – Physician specializing in physical rehabilitation and social medicine Beth Kuhar , BS , BSN , RN – Registered Nurse , States of Ohio and Pennsylvania Maurice C. Kuttab , MD – Physician Maxime Lamirande , MD – Urgentist ; emergency medicine specialist Thomas Landefeld , MS , PhD – Professor and medical researcher Roger Lang , DDS – Licensed Dentist , State of California Maria L. Lara - Marquez , MD , PhD – Specialist in neuro - immunology Erik Lawyer – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Phillip Williams LaZier , MA , MFT – Retired Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist , State of California Marilyn B. Lee , RN , PhD – Associate Professor , College of Nursing , University of North Alabama Virginia Lee , LPN – Licensed Practical Nurse Dawn C. Leighton , MD – Emergency Physician John C. Leissring , MS , MD – Retired Physician .
Board certified pathologist Laura Lee Leonard , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Oregon Dana Wesley Light , BFA , ADN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of West Virginia Johnson Lin , ADN , RN – Registered Nurse Mary Lynn Lipscomb , MSN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Virginia Kerry L. Lockett , MD – Physician .
Emergency Medicine Specialist Ellen Lopez , RN – Registered Nurse Charles E. Lownes , BS EE , MD – Physician .
Former Captain , U.S. Air Force James L. Lucht – Retired Licensed Audiologist , State of Wisconsin John Drake Lufkin , MD – Entering residency in Family Medicine Juliane Elaine Lynn , BSN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Kansas Jeffrey Maehr , DC – Retired Doctor of Chiropracty Anne V. Mahony – Degreed and Licensed Nurse Victor A. Marcial - Vega , MD – Radiation Oncologist Rick J. Marino , MD – Hospitalist .
Certified , American Board of Internal Medicine Robert M. Martin , BS , PA-C – Certified Surgical Physician Assistant Arnold H. Matlin , MD , FAAP – Pediatrician Douglas B. Matthews , ADN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Colorado Paul E. McArthur , MD – Adjunct Professor , Dept of Family Medicine , Univ of Western Ontario Michael J. Mc Devitt , MCSE – Former Paramedic and Firefighter Robert McFarland , MD – Physician specializing in internal medicine Lt. Colette McLennan – Firefighter and Licnesed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington James Michael McMahon , DC – Registered Doctor of Chiropractic , State of New York Kevin McPadden – First Responder Volunteer at the WTC on 9/11 .
Former Air Force Medic Charles S. Meece , BA , DC – Former Chiroprator Michael Melson , EMT – Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Georgia Barry Merchant , DC – Retired Licensed Chiropractor , State of Pennsylvania Christian Merkal – Physician .
Former Major ( Oberstabsarzt ) , German Military Medical Corps Marianne B. Miller , DC – Licensed Doctor of Chiropractic , State of Alaska Russell S. Miller , DDS – Dentist Gregory J. Mirsalis – Paramedic Joshua Mitteldorf , PhD – Researcher , Ecology and Evolutionary Biology , University of Arizona Mahathir bin Mohamad , MD – Former Prime Minister of Malaysia David A. Mosig , DO – Emergency Medicine David W. Moskowitz , MD , FACP – Former Member of the Faculty , St. Louis Univ. School of Medicine Joanne Moulton , ADN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Maine Sarah Mulcahy , RN – Former Registered Nurse , State of Texas E. J. Muñoz - Martínez , MD , PhD – Neurophysiologist , Professor , and Researcher Barbara E. B. Myers , DMD – Dentist Zakir Naik , MB BS – Physician Kyle Nash , DMin – Thanatologist , Clinical Medical Ethicist , and Medical Educator Meryl Nass , MD – General internist .
Expert on anthrax and bioterrorism Martha A. Nathan , MD – Physician Gabriella Navarretti , AS Health Science – Paramedic Sandy S. Nelson , BSN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of California Spencer Nelson – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Jazirae Neokai , RN – Former Registered Nurse Rael Nidess , MD – Assoc. Clinical Professor of Urology , Louisiana State Univ. Medical Center Joey M. Nilan , BSN , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Minnesota Mary P. Nilssen , MA , RHIA – Registered Health Information Administrator Margaret Nolan , BS , OTR/L ( ret ) – Retired Licensed Occupational Therapist , State of New York Thomas R. Olmsted , MD – Psychiatrist .
Former U.S. Navy officer Christopher O'Loughlin , RN – Registered Nurse Diane O'Malley , BS , MS Occupational Therapy – Licensed Occupational Therapist , State of Vermont Joseph O'Malley – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Patricia Ondrovic – WTC survivor .
Emergency Medical Technician , Battalion 8 , FDNY Frederic Orr , RPh – Registered Pharmacist Gail Owens , BA , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Washington Theresa Paccagnan – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Karen Paczkowski , MD – Physician David J. Palmieri , DC – Licensed Chiropractor , State of New York Steven W. Palmieri , D.O. , Ph.D. , FABFM – Family Practice Physician / Hospitalist Mark Pandapas , MD – Anesthesiologist Wilton Parker – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Laurie Parkinson , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Michigan Lewis E. Patrie , MD , MPH – Retired Psychiatrist Congressman Ron Paul , MD – 9 - term Congressman from Texas Louise Pelletier – Licensed Emergency Room Nurse James L. Perry , MD , and Patricia Perry – Parents of Officer John W. Perry , Esq. , NYPD Manuela Peters , Dr. med .
dent . – Dentist Jason L. Phillips , MD – Physician .
Board certified internist Nick Ponce – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Moss David Posner , MD – Former Staff Physician , California Department of Corrections Ed Potkay , EMT – Emergency Medical Technician , State of New York Michael Jerry Powell , DO – Board Certified in Internal Medicine and Rheumatology Rebecca Hurley Price , BSL , MSN ( candidate ) – Staff Oncology Nurse Andrea Pukash , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Wyoming John Puma , BS Chem , MA Molecular Biology – Retired Molecular Biologist and Medical Researcher William Quinn – Licensed Paramedic and Emergency Medical Technician , State of Florida Carter W. Rae , BS , DDS – Practicing General Dentist Chris George Randell , BSC MBCHB , FRACP – Retired Physician Ramesh Ratnasabapathy , MD – Physician and Hospital Administrator Timothy Duane Reeder , RN – Registered Nurse , State of California Mark R. Reeves , MD – Orthopedic Medicine Charlene A. Richards , ADN , RN – Registered Nurse Daniel Rivera – WTC survivor .
Paramedic , Battalion 31 , Station 36 , FDNY , Brooklyn Ernst Rodin , MS , MD – Past President , American Clinical Neurophysiology Society Allen L. Roland , MA , PhD , MFT – Psychotherapist , columnist , blogger and radio show host DJ Rolland , BS – Licensed Physical Therapist , State of Texas SueMarie Rollo , BSN , RN – Registered Nurse , Province of British Columbia William S. Romoser , PhD – Professor of Medical Entomology , Ohio University Kathleen Ferrick Rosenblatt , PhD , LAc – Licensed Acupuncturist , State of California Marilyn M. Rosenthal , PhD – Mother of Josh Rosenthal , Fiduciary Trust , WTC South Tower Ruth Ross , DC – Doctor of Chiropractic Stuart L. Rusnak , MD – Allergy and Clinical Immunology Harold Saive , BS – Retired Cardiovascular Technologist / Hospital Administrator Nancy L. Sajben , MD – Neurology and Pain Management Daniel J. Sanchez , Sr. , LPN – Licensed Practical Nurse , State of Tennessee Brad Sanders , NREMT – Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Tennessee Thomas M. Sanford , RTRCT – Registered Radiologic Technologist , State of West Virginia Joanna Santa Barbara , MB BS , FRANZCP , FRCP(C ) – Retired child psychiatrist Mark Alan Sauer , MD , ABD Pharmacology – Board Certified Practicing Anesthesiologist Paul R. Sauls , RT ( R ) – Former Registered Radiologic Technologist , State of West Virginia Rick Saunders , BS Chem , MS Orthodontics , DDS – Orthodontist Rudy Scarfalloto , DC – Chiropractor Laura Schafer , MD – Clinical Assoc.
Professor of Psychiatry , Robert Wood Johnson Medical School Juerg Scheidegger , MD – Radiologist Anna Maria Schmidt , AS , RRT – Registered Respiratory Therapist , Puerto Rico E. Martin Schotz , MD – Psychiatrist Melvyn B. Schupack , MD – Retired Psychiatrist Michael Schur , DC – Doctor of Chiropractic , formerly licensed in the State of New York Cheryl Renfree Scott , RN , PhD , IBCLC , RLC – Registered Nurse , State of California Searle Sennett , BSc , MB ChB , FFARCS – Retired Specialist , Anesthesiologist Khaliq A. Shah , MD – Internist John P. Sharkey , RN – Registered Nurse , State of California Christopher Shaw , PhD – Professor of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences , Univ. of British Columbia Joseph H. Sheppe , DDS – Retired Orthodontist .
Retired Captain , Alabama National Guard David Short – Retired Rescue Medic and Firefighter Frances Shure , MA , LPC – Psychotherapist .
Licensed Professional Counselor Edward Siegel , MD – Retired Assoc. Prof. of Radiology & Surgery , Univ. of Kansas Medical Center Lt. Col. Debra B. Simmons , MD , U.S. Army ( ret ) – Retired U.S. Army Physician Raymond S. Simon – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Paul K. Simpson , MD – Primary care physician .
Internal Medicine Michael William Sivula , BS , MS , MPhil – Medical Researcher Patrick J. Smith , PhD – Medical Psychologist and Researcher , Duke University Medical Center Hal Snyder , MD – Physician Larry Snyder , MD – Retired Anesthesiologist Andrew M. Sopchak , MD – Associate Professor of Anesthesiology , Upstate Medical University , SUNY John Sotelo , BS ME , MD – Physician Elizabeth Spark , MD – Internal Medicine , Psychiatry , Rheumatology Ralph H. Speken , MD – Psychiatrist .
Clinical Instructor , Mount Sinai School of Medicine Selden Spencer , MD – Neurologist Capt . Rick Staggenborg , MD , U.S. Army ( ret ) – Psychiatrist Catherine L. Statz , BSN , MPH ( Environmental Health ) , RN – Registered Nurse Rich St. Clair – Paramedic and Firefighter , State of Kentucky Lex Willem Steenkist , EMCA – Retired Paramedic , Province of Ontario Myron Stock , BS Pharm , RPh – Registered Pharmacist , States of Mass . and New Hampshire Kenneth Stoller , MD , FACHM – Pediatrician and hyperbaric medicine specialist Lou Stolzenberg , BS Physical Therapy – Licensed Physical Therapist , State of Wisconsin Gary R. Strand – Retired Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Gregory Strausbaugh , AAS , RRT – Registered Respiratory Therapist Ruth H. Strauss , MD – Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiology Specialist Carol Strickland , BA , MT ( ASCP ) – Certified Medical Technologist William F. Stubbeman , BSE , MD – Licensed Physician , State of California Bernie Suarez , MD – Former physician Michael James Sulak – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Washington Elizabeth Anne Sutherland , MD – Urgent Care and Anesthesiology George H. Sutherland , MD – Retired Orthopedic Surgeon , specializing in Spinal Surgery John Edward Thiel , CRNA – Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist , State of South Carolina Simon D. Thompson , MB BS – General Practitioner Robert B. Thorne , MD – Board certified physiatrist .
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Dr. med .
Werner Thurner – Physician speicalizing in General Medicine D.M. Tomayko , MS , PA-C – Licensed Physician Assistant , State of New Mexico Philip Trabulsy , MD – Co- Director , University of Vermont Integrative Medicine Program John W. Travis , MD , MPH – Physician and author .
A leading figure in the wellness movement Robert J. Trotta , MD , PhD – Physician .
Director of Pathology Gerald Tucker , EMT – Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of Rhode Island Richard Tuft , MBBS , FRCS , FFRad , FRCR – Past Member of the Board , South African Medical Assoc Adam Tuper , MS Organic Chemistry – Pharmaceutical Research Scientist Eric Turk , PhD Neuroscience – Protein chemist and molecular biologist Tom Tvedten , MD – Physician .
Former Chief of Staff , Chicot Memorial Hospital Craig Michael Uhl , MD – Former Physician , U.S. Navy Col. James R. Uhl , MD , MC , U.S. Army ( ret ) – Retired Army physician Crystal Urbanski , BS , RPT – Licensed Physical Therapist , Massachusetts and New Hampshire Craig A. Usas , MD – Radiation Oncologist Seppo K.J. Utria – Retired Psychiatrist Darrell Valance – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of New Jersey Shawn Valance – Firefighter and Licensed Emergency Medical Technician , State of New Jersey Carlos Vassaux , MD – Founder , International Physicians for Prevention of Nuclear War - Guatemala Kristine Maria Vigansky , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Ohio Christoph Von Stietencron – Medical doctor .
Specialist in psychotherapeutic medicine Jens Wagner , MD – General Practice and Homeopathy Pauline Wagner , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Pennsylvania Nancy J. Walker , MA , MFT , BCETS – Retired Psychotherapist Ronald C. Wallie , BA Math , OD – Doctor of Optometry William H. Warrick III , MD – Family Practice Physician Robyn Watkins , RN – Registered Nurse Jonathan Weisbuch , MD , MPH – Executive Coordinator , Biodesign Institute , Arizona State University Janet Weiss , MD – Physician and Toxicology Expert Richard Alan Welke , B Pharm , RPh – Registered Pharmacist , State of Washington Robin Elizabeth Wellman , DN , BSN , RN , MA , NP – Registered Nurse .
Nurse Practitioner Richard Welser , PhD – Clinical Neuropsychologist .
Forensic Psychologist Connie Whitson - Forbes , MS , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Tennessee Jackie Wiencus , BA , RN – Registered Nurse , State of Massachusetts Gordon Melvin Wiggin , III – Certified Paramedic and Firefighter Bennett Williams , BS , RT( R ) – Licensed Radiologic Technologist , State of Indiana Charles S. Williams , RRT , AE - C – Registered Respiratory Therapist , State of Indiana Robert Winston , MD – Medical Oncologist / Hematologist Daniel C. Wittig , BS , MS , MT – Certified Medical Technologist Carol S. Wolman , MD – Board Certified in Psychiatry and Neurology Mae Woo , BS , DDS – Retired Dentist Elizabeth Woodworth – Retired Manager , British Columbia Ministry of Health Library Sharon Young , PT – Licensed Pharmaceutical Technician , State of Nevada
MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS
Jonathan Weisbuch , MD , MPH
Jonathan B. Weisbuch , BS Civil / Sanitary Eng , MD , MPH – Former Chief Health Officer , Maricopa County , AZ ( Phoenix , Mesa , Chandler , Scottsdale , Tempe ) and Director , Maricopa County Public Health Department 1997 - 2004 .
Medical Director , Los Angeles County Department of Health Services 1989 - 1995 .
Director , Department of Health and Social Services , State of Wyoming 1987 - 1989 .
Former Health Officer , State of North Dakota 1976 - 1980 .
Former Director of Correctional Health Services , State of Massachusetts 1974 - 1976 .
Past President and Past Vice President , American Association of Public Health Physicians ( AAPHP ) and AAPHP 's representative to the American Medical Association .
Recipient of the Ben Freedman Award for 'long and dedicated service to AAPHP and the practice of Public Health ' .
Chair , National Commission on Correctional Health Care 1998 - 1999 .
Diplomate , American Board of Preventive Medicine .
Fellow , American College of Preventive Medicine .
Former Officer , U.S. Navy .
Editorial Consultant , American Journal of Public Health .
Associate Editor , Journal of Public Health Policy 1980 - 1984 .
Author of more than 40 articles pertaining to public health issues .
Co-author , The Challenges of Community Medicine ( 1974 ) .
Dr. Weisbuch 's extensive academic experience includes : Adjunct Professor , Arizona State University , College of Human Evolution and Social Change
Clinical Professor , Public Health and Epidemiology , Southwestern College of Naturopathic Medicine
Executive Coordinator for Global Health and Adjunct Professor , Arizona State University , Biodesign Institute and College of Human Evolution and Social Change
Associate Chairman and Assistant Professor , Department of Community Medicine , Boston University School of Medicine
Clinical Associate Professor , Department of Preventive Medicine , University of Arizona School of Medicine / Public Health
Adjunct Professor , School of Business Administration , Arizona State University
Adjunct Professor , Midwestern University , Arizona College of Osteopathic Medicine
Clinical Professor , Department of Family Medicine , University of Southern California School of Medicine
Clinical Professor , Dept of Medicine , UCLA School of Medicine and School of Public Health
Office of the Dean , Charles Drew School of Medicine
Clinical Professor , Department of Community Medicine , University of North Dakota School of Medicine
Assistant Professor , Department of Community Medicine , University of Kentucky School of Medicine .
Founding Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Review of The 9/11 Commission Report : Omissions and Distortions 1/14/07 :
" David Griffin 's analysis of the Kean - Zelikow bipartisan Report of the events leading up to the highjackings of four aircraft on September 11 , 2001 , is a " must read " for anyone concerned with the subsequent history of the Bush Administration and the " War on Terror . "
All may not be as we initially were lead to believe :
That fundamental Muslims with the desire to bring down America , plotted a massive terror event that culminated in the plane crashes into the World Trade Center , the Pentagon and the fields of Pennsylvania .
This conventional wisdom , supported by the media reporting immediately following the catastrophe , and subsequently " documented " by the Kean - Zelikow Report as analyzed in detail by Dr. Griffin is shown to be laced with omissions of fact , distortions of events , and the rewriting of the history leading to and during September 11 , 2001 . ... "
http://www.amazon.com
" David Griffin 's analysis of the Kean - Zelikow bipartisan Report of the events leading up to the highjackings of four aircraft on September 11 , 2001 , is a " must read " for anyone concerned with the subsequent history of the Bush Administration and the " War on Terror . "
All may not be as we initially were lead to believe :
That fundamental Muslims with the desire to bring down America , plotted a massive terror event that culminated in the plane crashes into the World Trade Center , the Pentagon and the fields of Pennsylvania .
This conventional wisdom , supported by the media reporting immediately following the catastrophe , and subsequently " documented " by the Kean - Zelikow Report as analyzed in detail by Dr. Griffin is shown to be laced with omissions of fact , distortions of events , and the rewriting of the history leading to and during September 11 , 2001 . ... "
http://www.amazon.com
Bio : http://www.ssbn630.org/id118.html
Barry R. Komisaruk , PhD
Barry R. Komisaruk , PhD – Rutgers University Board of Governors Distinguished Service Professor of Psychology and Associate Dean of the Graduate School .
Also Adjunct Professor , Department of Radiology , New Jersey College of Medicine , University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey .
Former postdoctoral researcher as a National Institute of Mental Health fellow at the Brain Research Institute at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Former Program Director in the Division of Minority Opportunities in Research at the National Institute of General Medical Sciences ( NIGMS ) , one of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) .
Member , Society for Neuroscience .
Member , American Physiological Society .
Author of numerous scientific papers on neurophysiology , pharmacology , and endocrinology of reproductive behavior , and analgesia in laboratory animals and humans .
Author of Reproduction : A Behavioral and Neuroendocrine Perspective ( 1987 ) , The Science of Orgasm ( 2006 ) .
Founding Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Essay Rutgers Observer 9/11/07 : Regarding 9/11
" Based upon my reading , published evidence leads me to a terribly disturbing conclusion as to the veracity of the official government accounts .
...
The observations are readily available and clearly evident from existing news reports , books , and photos and videos on the Internet .
They have not been accounted for convincingly , or even at all , by the official U.S. government reports , and they have not even been challenged by the mass media .
They raise serious doubts and questions as to what really happened on that day .
If the assumptions about the true nature of the events are erroneous , then the policies that have been justified by those assumptions must be questioned – ongoing policies that include the invasion and occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan , and suspension of the guarantees provided by the Bill of Rights and the Constitution – against torture and against warrantless spying on U.S. citizens .
If we turn a blind eye to the truth about the events that occurred on September 11 , 2001 , we do so at our peril , for revealing the truth may well change profoundly the course of future events . "
http://media.www.rutgersobserver.com
Regarding 9/11
" Based upon my reading , published evidence leads me to a terribly disturbing conclusion as to the veracity of the official government accounts .
...
The observations are readily available and clearly evident from existing news reports , books , and photos and videos on the Internet .
They have not been accounted for convincingly , or even at all , by the official U.S. government reports , and they have not even been challenged by the mass media .
They raise serious doubts and questions as to what really happened on that day .
If the assumptions about the true nature of the events are erroneous , then the policies that have been justified by those assumptions must be questioned – ongoing policies that include the invasion and occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan , and suspension of the guarantees provided by the Bill of Rights and the Constitution – against torture and against warrantless spying on U.S. citizens .
If we turn a blind eye to the truth about the events that occurred on September 11 , 2001 , we do so at our peril , for revealing the truth may well change profoundly the course of future events . "
http://media.www.rutgersobserver.com
Endorsement of Debunking 9/11 Debunking :
" In this astonishing and fearsome book , David Ray Griffin rigorously and brilliantly first dissects and then demolishes the recent published accounts that purport to debunk the critics of the Bush Administration ’s official explanations of the events of 9/11 .
Dr. Griffin reveals how the purported debunkings ignore the blatant inconsistencies and obvious coverups in the official accounts .
No amount of spin can honestly account for the pulverization and nearly free - fall collapse of the World Trade Center buildings by anything other than pre-planned demolition .
No amount of spin can realistically explain away the absence of commercial jetliner wreckage at the Pentagon .
No amount of spin can logically explain away the miles - wide dispersion of airliner debris if Flight 93 was not blown up in the air .
Dr. Griffin carefully delineates crucial questions that must be answered directly and honestly , without bias , spin or conflicts of interest .
This book is a challenge to the mass media .
If the truth about the events of 9/11 remains concealed and ignored , it will be at our – and our nation ’s – peril .
" In this astonishing and fearsome book , David Ray Griffin rigorously and brilliantly first dissects and then demolishes the recent published accounts that purport to debunk the critics of the Bush Administration ’s official explanations of the events of 9/11 .
Dr. Griffin reveals how the purported debunkings ignore the blatant inconsistencies and obvious coverups in the official accounts .
No amount of spin can honestly account for the pulverization and nearly free - fall collapse of the World Trade Center buildings by anything other than pre-planned demolition .
No amount of spin can realistically explain away the absence of commercial jetliner wreckage at the Pentagon .
No amount of spin can logically explain away the miles - wide dispersion of airliner debris if Flight 93 was not blown up in the air .
Dr. Griffin carefully delineates crucial questions that must be answered directly and honestly , without bias , spin or conflicts of interest .
This book is a challenge to the mass media .
If the truth about the events of 9/11 remains concealed and ignored , it will be at our – and our nation ’s – peril .
Bio : http://psychology.rutgers.edu/~brk/
Larry Burk , MD
Larry Burk , MD – Former Director of Education , Center for Integrative Medicine , Duke University Medical Center .
Associate Clinical Professor of Radiology and Associate Clinical Professor of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences , Duke University Medical Center 1993 - 2004 .
Former Assistant Professor , Thomas Jefferson University Hospital .
Founding Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Essay 7/1/06 : " The most plausible explanation for the incredible level of national denial even among otherwise well - informed , left - wing liberals , is that we have all been subject to a mass hypnotic trance induced by the carefully - scripted events on 9/11 .
Even with my background in medical hypnosis , it took me more than 3 years to wake up to the flaws in the official story , which in retrospect , are rather obvious . "
http://nc911truth.blogspot.com
" The most plausible explanation for the incredible level of national denial even among otherwise well - informed , left - wing liberals , is that we have all been subject to a mass hypnotic trance induced by the carefully - scripted events on 9/11 .
Even with my background in medical hypnosis , it took me more than 3 years to wake up to the flaws in the official story , which in retrospect , are rather obvious . "
http://nc911truth.blogspot.com
Conference presentation , 9/11 : Revealing The Truth , Reclaiming Our Future 6/3/06 :
" The sequence of events on 9/11 has much in common with standard hypnotic techniques for rapid trance induction .
These characteristics include hypnotizable subjects , focused attention , rapid induction , trance deepening , hypnotic suggestions , depth of trance testing , post - hypnotic suggestions , and delayed activation of anchors .
The hypnosis scenario explains why the majority of people did not believe what they saw with their own eyes ; a controlled demolition of the World Trade Center .
Although trances tend to wear off with time , repeated triggering of hypnotic anchors can prolong the effects indefinitely .
The challenge now is to break the spell for a critical mass of people prior to any future false flag terrorist attack . "
http://www.911truth.org/911rtt/events.html#Burk
" The sequence of events on 9/11 has much in common with standard hypnotic techniques for rapid trance induction .
These characteristics include hypnotizable subjects , focused attention , rapid induction , trance deepening , hypnotic suggestions , depth of trance testing , post - hypnotic suggestions , and delayed activation of anchors .
The hypnosis scenario explains why the majority of people did not believe what they saw with their own eyes ; a controlled demolition of the World Trade Center .
Although trances tend to wear off with time , repeated triggering of hypnotic anchors can prolong the effects indefinitely .
The challenge now is to break the spell for a critical mass of people prior to any future false flag terrorist attack . "
http://www.911truth.org/911rtt/events.html#Burk
Member North Carolina 9/11 Truth : Association Statement : " When the Twin Towers exploded on September 11 , 2001 , we stared in disbelief .
Five years later , we now have ample forensic evidence to show that at least 3 of the World Trade Center towers were felled by controlled demolition , not airplane impacts .
The investigative focus has now shifted to determine how terrorists gained access to make the extensive preparations required . "
North Carolina 9/11 Truth : Association Statement : " When the Twin Towers exploded on September 11 , 2001 , we stared in disbelief .
Five years later , we now have ample forensic evidence to show that at least 3 of the World Trade Center towers were felled by controlled demolition , not airplane impacts .
The investigative focus has now shifted to determine how terrorists gained access to make the extensive preparations required . "
Bio : http://www.911truth.org/911rtt/speakers.html#LBurk
Tom Tvedten , MD
Tom Tvedten , MD – Physician .
Former Chief of Staff , Chicot Memorial Hospital 1978 - 1995 .
Founder of the 9/11 DVD Project .
Founding Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Statement in support of Medical Professionals petition for Reinvestigation of 9/11 :
" I happened to be watching the Today Show on NBC on the morning of 9/11/01 and saw the events unfold in real time .
When the Twin Towers exploded and collapsed , I told my wife " That ca n't happen . "
I was sure that terrorists had somehow planted explosives in the buildings and that " Blow - back " was the motive for the attacks with the most likely suspects being Muslims retaliating for our imperialistic policies in the Middle East and for our support of Israel and denial of Palestinian rights .
The possibility that it might have been a " false flag " operation did not occur to me until much later and I waited for the 9/11 Commission Report to explain the issues .
When the Report came out and failed to answer many of the questions I had about the events of that day I became suspicious and began to research the subject on the Internet .
When I discovered the mysterious collapse of Bldg. 7 and saw Larry Silverstein 's lame explanation of the same , I became convinced that 9/11 was an inside job used as a false flag operation to justify wars in the Middle East over control of the natural resources in that region as well as the implementation of stricter controls on the people of this nation and the expansion of the " military industrial complex " and its control of our government .
Since that time my research has nothing but further convinced me that my suspicions were justified .
Only an in - depth investigation as described in this petition can clear up the many still disputed issues regarding the events of 9/11 .
I therefore am glad to have the opportunity to be a member of this organization and to sign the petition . "
http://mp911truth.org
" I happened to be watching the Today Show on NBC on the morning of 9/11/01 and saw the events unfold in real time .
When the Twin Towers exploded and collapsed , I told my wife " That ca n't happen . "
I was sure that terrorists had somehow planted explosives in the buildings and that " Blow - back " was the motive for the attacks with the most likely suspects being Muslims retaliating for our imperialistic policies in the Middle East and for our support of Israel and denial of Palestinian rights .
The possibility that it might have been a " false flag " operation did not occur to me until much later and I waited for the 9/11 Commission Report to explain the issues .
When the Report came out and failed to answer many of the questions I had about the events of that day I became suspicious and began to research the subject on the Internet .
When I discovered the mysterious collapse of Bldg. 7 and saw Larry Silverstein 's lame explanation of the same , I became convinced that 9/11 was an inside job used as a false flag operation to justify wars in the Middle East over control of the natural resources in that region as well as the implementation of stricter controls on the people of this nation and the expansion of the " military industrial complex " and its control of our government .
Since that time my research has nothing but further convinced me that my suspicions were justified .
Only an in - depth investigation as described in this petition can clear up the many still disputed issues regarding the events of 9/11 .
I therefore am glad to have the opportunity to be a member of this organization and to sign the petition . "
http://mp911truth.org
Video statement :
" I am a physician from Arkansas and I am the founder of the 9/11 DVD Project .
You can come to my website at www.911dvdproject.com.
We need a criminal investigation into the events and the crimes of 9/11 .
The mass murder of our fellow citizens has not been investigated as a crime .
And it is my job and yours to demand that a criminal investigation be done .
I can provide you with many different titles of 9/11 - related DVD 's for free or at my cost .
You do n't have to pay me in advance and you do n't have to pay me at all .
I am committing myself to finding out the truth about 9/11 and I need your help finding it .
911dvdproject.com .
And help me help the rest of our fellow Americans find out the truth about 9/11 . "
http://911dvdproject.com
" I am a physician from Arkansas and I am the founder of the 9/11 DVD Project .
You can come to my website at www.911dvdproject.com.
We need a criminal investigation into the events and the crimes of 9/11 .
The mass murder of our fellow citizens has not been investigated as a crime .
And it is my job and yours to demand that a criminal investigation be done .
I can provide you with many different titles of 9/11 - related DVD 's for free or at my cost .
You do n't have to pay me in advance and you do n't have to pay me at all .
I am committing myself to finding out the truth about 9/11 and I need your help finding it .
911dvdproject.com .
And help me help the rest of our fellow Americans find out the truth about 9/11 . "
http://911dvdproject.com
Member : Scholars for 9/11 Truth
Association Statement : " Research proves the current administration has been dishonest about what happened in New York and Washington , D.C. The World Trade Center was almost certainly brought down by controlled demolitions and that the available relevant evidence casts grave doubt on the government 's official story about the attack on the Pentagon . "
Scholars for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " Research proves the current administration has been dishonest about what happened in New York and Washington , D.C. The World Trade Center was almost certainly brought down by controlled demolitions and that the available relevant evidence casts grave doubt on the government 's official story about the attack on the Pentagon . "
Website : http://911dvdproject.com
Douglas Nixon Everingham , MBBS
Douglas Nixon Everingham , MBBS – Minister for Health , Australia 1972 - 1975 .
Parliamentary Adviser , Australia 's delegation to the United Nations 1982 .
Member , House of Representatives , Australia 1967 - 1975 and 1977 - 1984 .
Appointed Member by the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade to the National Consultative Committee on Peace and Disarmament 1998 - 2000 .
Vice - President , World Health Assembly 1975 .
Former family and hospital doctor and psychiatric registrar .
Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Personal statement in support of the Political Leaders petition for a new 9/11 investigation :
" Unless U.S. and allied ( including Australian ) leaders move to demand independent investigation of the 9/11 catastrophe , the military sequels in Iraq and Afghanistan must be widely seen as war crimes falsely labeled as a war on terror . "
http://pl911truth.com
" Unless U.S. and allied ( including Australian ) leaders move to demand independent investigation of the 9/11 catastrophe , the military sequels in Iraq and Afghanistan must be widely seen as war crimes falsely labeled as a war on terror . "
http://pl911truth.com
Member : Political Leaders for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" Scholars and professionals with various kinds of expertise --- including architects , engineers , firefighters , intelligence officers , lawyers , medical professionals , military officers , philosophers , religious leaders , physical scientists , and pilots --- have spoken out about radical discrepancies between the official account of the 9/11 attacks and what they , as independent researchers , have learned .
They have established beyond any reasonable doubt that the official account of 9/11 is false and that , therefore , the official “ investigations ” have really been cover - up operations .
Thus far , however , there has been no response from political leaders in Washington or , for that matter , in other capitals around the world .
Our organization , Political Leaders for 9/11 Truth , has been formed to help bring about such a response .
We believe that the truth about 9/11 needs to be exposed now --- not in 50 years as a footnote in the history books --- so the policies that have been based on the Bush - Cheney administration ’s interpretation of the 9/11 attacks can be changed .
We are , therefore , calling for a new , independent investigation of 9/11 that takes account of evidence that has been documented by independent researchers but thus far ignored by governments and the mainstream media . "
Dale Dewar , MD , CCFP , FCFP
Dale Dewar , MD , CCFP , FCFP – Rural Family Practice Physician .
Fellow , College of Family Physicians of Canada .
Past Coordinator and continuing Associate Professor , Rural Division of the Department of Family Medicine , University of Saskatchewan College of Medicine .
Chair of the Saskatchewan Medical Association 's Committee on Rural and Regional Medicine .
Chair of the International Committee of the Society of Rural Physicians of Canada .
Past President and continuing Member , Physicians for Global Survival , the Canadian affiliate of International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War ( IPPNW ) , which as an organization received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1985 .
Statement in support of Medical Professionals petition for Reinvestigation of 9/11 :
" Please add my name to those who believe that the war was illegal and that there should be a reinvestigation of 9/11 .
The citizens of the USA and the millions internationally who felt the pain of the event deserve no less . "
http://mp911truth.org/#DDewar
" Please add my name to those who believe that the war was illegal and that there should be a reinvestigation of 9/11 .
The citizens of the USA and the millions internationally who felt the pain of the event deserve no less . "
http://mp911truth.org/#DDewar
Charter Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Signatory : War Is Illegal Petition 12/07 , which states :
" Against a background of escalating ecological crises , and the fact that large parts of the world´s population are being exposed to extreme poverty , inhuman working conditions and increasing social tensions , the annual global military expenditure has risen to more than 1,000 billion dollars .
The military - industrial complex of just a few G8 countries is responsible for the overwhelming part of this spending , causing incalculable social and ecological consequences .
Unequal distribution of global resources , increasingly controlled by large multinational companies , global debt policy and unfair international trading practices ultimately could not be maintained without military security .
In many countries the military is used to repress critical opposition .
The terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 are increasingly used to justify systematic surveillance and the dismantling of constitutional rights .
[ Bold added for emphasis by Editor of this website . ]
Even European countries have helped to establish Guantanomo - like secret prisons , where torture in all probability takes place .
Iraq was attacked based on falsified evidence causing the death of hundreds of thousands of people , widespread destruction , destabilization and contamination with cancer - causing depleted uranium munitions .
Now plans to attack Iran and the possibility of a new World War have been made public , meeting resistance even from moderate elements within the military due to the unforeseeable consequences .
Faced with the choice between a war , that according to some western leaders , will last for many years or a possible peaceful transformation we support the following demands : ...
International investigation of the September 11 , 2001 terror attacks .
They are used as the central justification for the " War on Terror " , but well documented evidence shows that the official explanation of 9/11 cannot be correct .
International personalities in science , politics , and culture , including high - ranking military veterans , have called for a new investigation . "
[ Bold added for emphasis by Editor of this website . ]
The full text of the petition is available at http://www.war-is-illegal.org
Carlos Vassaux , MD
Carlos Vassaux , MD – Cardiologist - Internist .
Former cardiovascular researcher , Harvard Medical School .
Former Fellow , Lown Cardiovascular Research Foundation .
Founder and Past President of the Guatemalan affiliate of International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War ( IPPNW ) , which as an organization received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1985 .
Founder and former Chief , Department of Intensive Care , Hospital Gral , San Juan de Dios .
Former Professor of Medicine .
Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala .
Past President Academy of Medical , Physical and Natural Sciences of Guatemala .
Charter Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Signatory : War Is Illegal Petition 12/07 , which states :
" Against a background of escalating ecological crises , and the fact that large parts of the world´s population are being exposed to extreme poverty , inhuman working conditions and increasing social tensions , the annual global military expenditure has risen to more than 1,000 billion dollars .
The military - industrial complex of just a few G8 countries is responsible for the overwhelming part of this spending , causing incalculable social and ecological consequences .
Unequal distribution of global resources , increasingly controlled by large multinational companies , global debt policy and unfair international trading practices ultimately could not be maintained without military security .
In many countries the military is used to repress critical opposition .
The terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 are increasingly used to justify systematic surveillance and the dismantling of constitutional rights .
[ Bold added for emphasis by Editor of this website . ]
Even European countries have helped to establish Guantanomo - like secret prisons , where torture in all probability takes place .
Iraq was attacked based on falsified evidence causing the death of hundreds of thousands of people , widespread destruction , destabilization and contamination with cancer - causing depleted uranium munitions .
Now plans to attack Iran and the possibility of a new World War have been made public , meeting resistance even from moderate elements within the military due to the unforeseeable consequences .
Faced with the choice between a war , that according to some western leaders , will last for many years or a possible peaceful transformation we support the following demands : ...
International investigation of the September 11 , 2001 terror attacks .
They are used as the central justification for the " War on Terror " , but well documented evidence shows that the official explanation of 9/11 cannot be correct .
International personalities in science , politics , and culture , including high - ranking military veterans , have called for a new investigation . "
[ Bold added for emphasis by Editor of this website . ]
The full text of the petition is available at http://www.war-is-illegal.org
Kathleen Ferrick Rosenblatt , PhD , LAc
Kathleen Ferrick Rosenblatt , PhD , LAc – Licensed Acupuncturist , State of California .
Pioneer in the field of acupuncture in the U.S. , helping to establish the first acupuncture clinic ( UCLA ) .
Co-founder of the first two U.S. schools for acupuncture ; the New England School of Acupuncture and the California Acupuncture College with four branches .
Co-founder of 911 Truth LA .
Charter Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Presentation 9/11 Citizens Grand Jury and Other Strategies 6/3/06 :
" On those days in 2004 and 2005 , concerned citizens and expert witnesses got together and had a town meeting .
...
And we elected and convened a Citizens Grand Jury .
And with our conclusions , we decided that the Kean - Hamilton [ 9/11 ] commission was erroneous and fraudulent and just ridiculous .
...
We found that the official story [ of 9/11 ] was physically impossible , contradictory , implausible and fraudulent . "
http://www.archive.org
Richard Tuft , MBBS , FRCS , FFRad , FRCR
Richard Tuft , MBBS , FRCS , FFRad , FRCR – Diagnostic Radiologist .
Past President , Radiological Society of South Africa 1995 - 2007 .
Past Member of the Board of Directors and Past Chairman , Finance Committee and Private Practice Committee , South African Medical Association .
Chairman , 24th International Congress of Radiology ( 2006 ) .
Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England .
Fellow of the Royal College of Radiologists .
Fellow of the Faculty of Radiology ( South Africa ) .
Radiologist in full - time practice , Cape Town , South Africa .
Command Pilot , South African Red Cross Air Ambulance Service 1977 - 1984 .
Statement in support of Medical Professionals petition for Reinvestigation of 9/11 :
" I have spent most of my professional career as a diagnostic radiologist .
A diagnostic radiologist is trained to look at images , interpret them and express an opinion .
As I watched the video of the twin towers collapsing , on 9/11 and the few days afterwards , I was aware that whoever was commentating was telling me something that common sense , and my scientific training told me was not happening .
The towers could not and did not collapse due to fire .
I have read about and researched the subject extensively since then and have lectured to medical colleagues in Cape Town on 9/11 .
9/11 was a false flag operation , designed to allow the Bush government to invent the ' War Against Terror ' , and use it as an excuse to wage two subsequent ongoing wars with horrendous loss of life .
The criminals responsible for this must be brought to justice .
A new and independent inquiry would expedite this . "
http://mp911truth.org/#RTuft
" I have spent most of my professional career as a diagnostic radiologist .
A diagnostic radiologist is trained to look at images , interpret them and express an opinion .
As I watched the video of the twin towers collapsing , on 9/11 and the few days afterwards , I was aware that whoever was commentating was telling me something that common sense , and my scientific training told me was not happening .
The towers could not and did not collapse due to fire .
I have read about and researched the subject extensively since then and have lectured to medical colleagues in Cape Town on 9/11 .
9/11 was a false flag operation , designed to allow the Bush government to invent the ' War Against Terror ' , and use it as an excuse to wage two subsequent ongoing wars with horrendous loss of life .
The criminals responsible for this must be brought to justice .
A new and independent inquiry would expedite this . "
http://mp911truth.org/#RTuft
Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Herbert J. Hoffman , MA , PhD
Herbert J. Hoffman , MA , PhD – Former Chief Mental Health Coordinator and Director of Manpower Development and Training , Massachusetts Department of Mental Health .
Retired Clinical Psychologist .
In his 40 - year career , Dr. Hoffman held several academic and senior professional positions , including ; Lecturer ( Psychology ) , Boston University .
Lecturer on Education , Harvard Graduate School of Education .
Assistant Professor of Research , Heller Graduate School for Advanced Studies in Social Welfare , Brandeis University .
Founder and Faculty Member , Massachusetts School of Professional Psychology .
Executive Director , Brookline ( MA ) Mental Health Association .
Veteran , U.S. Army .
Statement in support of Medical Professionals petition for Reinvestigation of 9/11 :
" I have been following the 9/11 " story " for over 7 years .
The most significant impediment for citizens even considering that the U.S. government is in some way complicit is the unwillingness to entertain that possibility .
The fact that the government and the 9/11 Commission Report could not / would not address certain questions raised by the Jersey Girls , scientists , pilots etc. , questions which would seem to have easily available factual responses , strongly suggests " cover up . "
I refer to such items as : release of the Pentagon and other videos of the Pentagon crash ; explanation of the debris scatter at the PA " crash " site ; explanation of how these obviously " hijacked " airliners were not intercepted in a timely fashion -- especially the one in DC ; a more evidence - based , scientific explanation of the fall of the twin towers and Building 7 .
The failure to produce this information / evidence , along with much more , can only lead to one conclusion : THERE IS A COVER UP .
There is much data to strongly suggest who and what are being protected and shielded by this cover up .
Hopefully a sufficient number of citizens will shed their denial and demand answers and explanations from our nations leaders . "
http://mp911truth.org/#HHoffman
" I have been following the 9/11 " story " for over 7 years .
The most significant impediment for citizens even considering that the U.S. government is in some way complicit is the unwillingness to entertain that possibility .
The fact that the government and the 9/11 Commission Report could not / would not address certain questions raised by the Jersey Girls , scientists , pilots etc. , questions which would seem to have easily available factual responses , strongly suggests " cover up . "
I refer to such items as : release of the Pentagon and other videos of the Pentagon crash ; explanation of the debris scatter at the PA " crash " site ; explanation of how these obviously " hijacked " airliners were not intercepted in a timely fashion -- especially the one in DC ; a more evidence - based , scientific explanation of the fall of the twin towers and Building 7 .
The failure to produce this information / evidence , along with much more , can only lead to one conclusion : THERE IS A COVER UP .
There is much data to strongly suggest who and what are being protected and shielded by this cover up .
Hopefully a sufficient number of citizens will shed their denial and demand answers and explanations from our nations leaders . "
http://mp911truth.org/#HHoffman
Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Signatory : War Is Illegal Petition 12/07 , which states :
" Against a background of escalating ecological crises , and the fact that large parts of the world´s population are being exposed to extreme poverty , inhuman working conditions and increasing social tensions , the annual global military expenditure has risen to more than 1,000 billion dollars .
The military - industrial complex of just a few G8 countries is responsible for the overwhelming part of this spending , causing incalculable social and ecological consequences .
Unequal distribution of global resources , increasingly controlled by large multinational companies , global debt policy and unfair international trading practices ultimately could not be maintained without military security .
In many countries the military is used to repress critical opposition .
The terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 are increasingly used to justify systematic surveillance and the dismantling of constitutional rights .
[ Bold added for emphasis by Editor of this website . ]
Even European countries have helped to establish Guantanomo - like secret prisons , where torture in all probability takes place .
Iraq was attacked based on falsified evidence causing the death of hundreds of thousands of people , widespread destruction , destabilization and contamination with cancer - causing depleted uranium munitions .
Now plans to attack Iran and the possibility of a new World War have been made public , meeting resistance even from moderate elements within the military due to the unforeseeable consequences .
Faced with the choice between a war , that according to some western leaders , will last for many years or a possible peaceful transformation we support the following demands : ...
International investigation of the September 11 , 2001 terror attacks .
They are used as the central justification for the " War on Terror " , but well documented evidence shows that the official explanation of 9/11 cannot be correct .
International personalities in science , politics , and culture , including high - ranking military veterans , have called for a new investigation . "
[ Bold added for emphasis by Editor of this website . ]
The full text of the petition is available at http://www.war-is-illegal.org
Elizabeth Woodworth
Elizabeth Woodworth – Retired professional medical librarian .
Former Manager , British Columbia Ministry of Health Library .
Delivered " best evidence " literature to the public health officers of the British Columbia government for 25 years .
Statement in support of Medical Professionals petition for Reinvestigation of 9/11 :
" The fallout from 9/11 , an event of questionable origin , has contaminated not only Ground Zero , but world relations and the United States Constitution .
Therefore it should not be seen as simply a ' historical event ' , and we must not rest until the true perpetrators are identified by a transparent investigation and brought to justice .
Only then can the world be cleansed for a brighter future . "
http://mp911truth.org/#EWoodworth
" The fallout from 9/11 , an event of questionable origin , has contaminated not only Ground Zero , but world relations and the United States Constitution .
Therefore it should not be seen as simply a ' historical event ' , and we must not rest until the true perpetrators are identified by a transparent investigation and brought to justice .
Only then can the world be cleansed for a brighter future . "
http://mp911truth.org/#EWoodworth
Charter Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
A review of 9/11 Contradictions : An Open Letter to Congress and the Press , by David Ray Griffin , PhD 3/17/08 :
At last there is a book about 9/11 that politicians and journalists can openly discuss without fear of being labeled " conspiracy theorists " .
9/11 Contradictions advances no theories .
It simply exposes 25 astonishing internal contradictions that will haunt the public story of this unparalleled event for all time .
Until now , the persistent and disturbing questions about the day that changed the world have confused and alienated journalists and politicians , because :
The technical issues regarding the collapse of the towers , the failure of the military to intercept the flights , and the relatively minor damage to the Pentagon have been considered too complex for analysis in the media .
However , Griffin ’s new book requires no technical expertise from the reader , because each readable chapter revolves around one simple internal contradiction inherent in the public story .
" If Jones says ‘ P ’ and Smith says ‘ Not P’ , we can all recognize that something must be wrong , because both statements cannot be true . "
Many who have doubted the official story have offered alternative theories which have been dismissed as " conspiracy theories " by a press which must understandably place a high value on its credibility .
However , this book offers no alternative theories to explain the contradictions within the public story .
It simply presents the glaring contradictions that have never been probed by Congress or the media , and beseeches members of these institutions come to grips with the reality and lead the charge for a truly independent investigation .
The 9/11 issue is six years old , journalists are busy people , and the world has moved on .
Though six years have passed , this matter is by no means closed , nor is the trail cold . "
http://www.globalresearch.ca
At last there is a book about 9/11 that politicians and journalists can openly discuss without fear of being labeled " conspiracy theorists " .
9/11 Contradictions advances no theories .
It simply exposes 25 astonishing internal contradictions that will haunt the public story of this unparalleled event for all time .
Until now , the persistent and disturbing questions about the day that changed the world have confused and alienated journalists and politicians , because :
Jeff King , MD , SB Bio/EE
Jeff King , MD , SB Bio/ EE ( MIT Science Baccalaureate in Biology and Electrical Engineering ) – Retired Family Practice Physician ( 27 years ) .
Former Electrical Engineer ( 8 years ) .
Charter Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Video of presentation Confronting the Evidence Conference 9/11/04 :
" When I first saw the [ WTC ] collapses I was absolutely convinced they were not spontaneous .
...
http://www.youtube.com
" When I first saw the [ WTC ] collapses I was absolutely convinced they were not spontaneous .
...
http://www.youtube.com
Statement to this website 6/10/07 :
" And what we have learned in the years since then ( 2004 ) only confirms that initial impression .
At the simplest level there is a gross violation of conservation of energy : for the towers to fall at or near free - fall speed , all the stored gravitational energy would have had to be used to accelerate their own mass downward .
The same energy ca n’t be used twice , which is to say that any “ work ” extracted , for example to pulverize concrete , will slow the collapse by a corresponding amount .
In the case of the twin towers even a rough calculation of the amount of energy needed to pulverize all the concrete and gypsum to the very fine dust observed ( and without including the energy needed to crumple and deform steel ) indicates that it would have far exceeded the entire gravitational potential energy of the structures .
" And what we have learned in the years since then ( 2004 ) only confirms that initial impression .
At the simplest level there is a gross violation of conservation of energy : for the towers to fall at or near free - fall speed , all the stored gravitational energy would have had to be used to accelerate their own mass downward .
The same energy ca n’t be used twice , which is to say that any “ work ” extracted , for example to pulverize concrete , will slow the collapse by a corresponding amount .
In the case of the twin towers even a rough calculation of the amount of energy needed to pulverize all the concrete and gypsum to the very fine dust observed ( and without including the energy needed to crumple and deform steel ) indicates that it would have far exceeded the entire gravitational potential energy of the structures .
Statement in support of Medical Professionals petition for Reinvestigation of 9/11 :
" As measurements by Thomas Cahill have shown , dust particles were mostly < 30 microns , with a sizeable fraction smaller than 0.25 micron .
Not only is an immense amount of energy needed to break most of the chemical bonds holding the concrete together , but there is no mechanism that can be postulated with only a gravitational collapse that might account for such rapid and complete pulverization .
Such a process is almost by definition an explosive event : the almost instantaneous conversion of a slab of concrete into a rapidly expanding cloud of dust .
In the trade - center air samples , Cahill identified four classes of particles that have been named by the EPA as likely to harm human health :
Fine and very fine transition metals , which interfere with lung chemistry .
Acids , in this case sulfuric acid , which attack cilia and lung cells directly .
Very fine , un - dissolvable ( insoluble ) particles , in this case glass , which travel through the lungs to the bloodstream and heart .
High - temperature organic matter , many components of which are known to be carcinogens .
" For each of these four classes of pollutant , we recorded the highest levels we have ever seen in over 7,000 measurements we have made of very fine air pollution throughout the world , including Kuwait and China , " Cahill said .
As Cahill has stated , " The debris pile acted like a chemical factory .
It cooked together the components of the buildings and their contents , including enormous numbers of computers , and gave off gases of toxic metals , acids and organics for at least six weeks . "
These very small particles are especially good at penetrating to the level of the alveoli of the lungs , and thence into the bloodstream , greatly enhancing their toxicity .
The long term impact of these inhaled toxins on the health of 9 - 11 First Responders has already proved disastrous , and the long - term impact on the general population of lower Manhattan can only be guessed at this point , with almost no effort being made to collect the necessary data .
The most basic concerns of public health demand that expanded monitoring of the exposed population be implemented , and that resources be allocated for diagnosis and treatment on a scale appropriate to the seriousness of the problem . "
http://mp911truth.org/#King
" As measurements by Thomas Cahill have shown , dust particles were mostly < 30 microns , with a sizeable fraction smaller than 0.25 micron .
Not only is an immense amount of energy needed to break most of the chemical bonds holding the concrete together , but there is no mechanism that can be postulated with only a gravitational collapse that might account for such rapid and complete pulverization .
Such a process is almost by definition an explosive event : the almost instantaneous conversion of a slab of concrete into a rapidly expanding cloud of dust .
In the trade - center air samples , Cahill identified four classes of particles that have been named by the EPA as likely to harm human health : " For each of these four classes of pollutant , we recorded the highest levels we have ever seen in over 7,000 measurements we have made of very fine air pollution throughout the world , including Kuwait and China , " Cahill said .
As Cahill has stated , " The debris pile acted like a chemical factory .
It cooked together the components of the buildings and their contents , including enormous numbers of computers , and gave off gases of toxic metals , acids and organics for at least six weeks . "
These very small particles are especially good at penetrating to the level of the alveoli of the lungs , and thence into the bloodstream , greatly enhancing their toxicity .
The long term impact of these inhaled toxins on the health of 9 - 11 First Responders has already proved disastrous , and the long - term impact on the general population of lower Manhattan can only be guessed at this point , with almost no effort being made to collect the necessary data .
The most basic concerns of public health demand that expanded monitoring of the exposed population be implemented , and that resources be allocated for diagnosis and treatment on a scale appropriate to the seriousness of the problem . "
http://mp911truth.org/#King
Bio : http://www.plaguepuppy.net
Peter M. Burr , MD
Peter M. Burr , MD – Retired U.S. Army trained Board Certified General and Plastic Surgeon .
Vietnam Veteran and Combat Casualty Care Course Graduate .
Statement in support of Medical Professionals petition for Reinvestigation of 9/11 :
" I have carefully studied the videos and literature regarding the events of 9/11 and the subsequent investigations by government and private entities .
There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that there are critical events that have not been even marginally explained to my satisfaction .
The woefully incomplete investigation comes no where close to rigorous examination and explanation of a great many of the events surrounding this horror .
I join many other respected individuals in having a nauseating suspicion that corrodes my faith in our government .
The only satisfactory path to resolution of this scandal is a complete , impartial , and scientifically rigorous re-examination of the evidence and of the process of the previous commission 's investigation of this tragedy . "
http://mp911truth.org/#PBurr
" I have carefully studied the videos and literature regarding the events of 9/11 and the subsequent investigations by government and private entities .
There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that there are critical events that have not been even marginally explained to my satisfaction .
The woefully incomplete investigation comes no where close to rigorous examination and explanation of a great many of the events surrounding this horror .
I join many other respected individuals in having a nauseating suspicion that corrodes my faith in our government .
The only satisfactory path to resolution of this scandal is a complete , impartial , and scientifically rigorous re-examination of the evidence and of the process of the previous commission 's investigation of this tragedy . "
http://mp911truth.org/#PBurr
Charter Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Signatory of Petition of Solidarity to the Attorney General of New York for a new independent grand jury investigation of 9/11 11/19/04 :
" We the undersigned : a ) think that there is ample evidence and probable cause to believe that many grave and still unresolved crimes were committed by US officials prior to , during and after the events of 9/11 ; b ) observe that most of these apparent crimes , including but not limited to abetment of mass murder , criminal negligence , insider trading , and obstruction of justice fall well within the jurisdiction of New York 's top law enforcement officials ... "
http://www.justicefor911.org
Meryl Nass , MD
Meryl Nass , MD – General internist .
Blogs on the anthrax letters case at http://anthraxvaccine.blogspot.com.
Expert on anthrax , bioterrorism and illnesses related to anthrax vaccine and service in the Gulf War .
Presented seven Congressional testimonies on these subjects .
Identified Zimbabwe ’s 1979 anthrax epidemic as an act of bioterrorism .
Consulted for the office of the Director of National Intelligence .
Interested in depoliticizing US government - funded science and medicine .
Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
E. J. Muñoz - Martínez , MD , PhD
E. J. Muñoz - Martínez , MD , PhD – Neurophysiologist .
Professor and Researcher , Department of Physiology , Biophysics , and Neuroscience , Center for Research and Advanced Studies , National Polytechnic Institute , Mexico City .
Recipient of the 2003 award of ANUIES ( National Association of Universities and Institutes for Higher Education ) for his contribution to Higher Education .
Twice served as President , Mexican Society of Physiological Sciences ( the only twice elected President of the organization ) .
Member of the Latin American Association of Physiological Sciences , the Academy of Scientific Research and the Society for Neuroscience .
Author and co-author of numerous scientific journal articles on neuroscience and physiology .
Author , co-author , and editor of more than 17 books on neuroscience and physiology .
Journalist in the Mexican newspapers Uno más Uno , La Jornada , El Financiero , and Crónica and in the weekly magazine Proceso .
Charter Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Kyle Nash , DMin
Kyle Nash , DMin – Thanatologist , Clinical Medical Ethicist , and Medical Educator , who has taught undergraduate and graduate medical education , across staff disciplines , at The University of Chicago medical schools and hospitals .
Faculty Member , School for New Learning , DePaul University .
Former Faculty Member , MacLean Center for Clinical Medical Ethics .
Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement : " As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are appalled by the lack of scientific rigor and the substantial omissions and blatant distortions in the official account of 9/11 as embodied in the 9/11 Commission Report and related government documents .
We join with other organizations of professionals , such as Truth , Pilots for 9/11 Truth , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , and Lawyers for 9/11 Truth , and millions of individual citizens in demanding a thorough , impartial , open and transparent reinvestigation of the terrorist acts of 9/11 . "
Member : Religious Leaders for 9/11 Truth Association Statement
" When faced with actions that conflict with the universal moral principle that we should not do to others what we would not want done to ourselves or our loved ones , members of faith communities have a responsibility to voice their opposition to those actions .
Many religious leaders throughout history have publicly challenged morally unacceptable practices --- recently , for example , in the civil rights and anti-apartheid movements .
A significant moral challenge has emerged due to glaring discrepancies between the official version of the events of September 11 , 2001 , and the results of extensive independent research by individuals with relevant scientific or professional expertise .
. . .
As a result of this extensive research carried out by scientists and professionals , it can now be seen that the official account of 9/11 is false beyond any reasonable doubt .
...
Because the false account of 9/11 has led to [ numerous ] evils , it is incumbent on religious leaders , once they realize that the official account is a lie , to speak out . "
Eric Beeth , MD
Eric Beeth , MD – Assistant Professor , General Practice Medicine , Vrije Universiteit , Brussels .
Family practice physician .
Charter Member : Medical Professionals for 9/11 Truth Association Statement :
" As medical professionals , we are trained in science and logical reasoning .
We are app
Bacteria in ocean sediments appear to string together nanowires to connect complementary but spatially separated chemical processes , according to a new study .
The finding is the first example of a natural electrical circuit bridging a macroscopic gap , in this case more than a centimeter across , to mediate a biogeochemical process on either side .
Below the sediment surface there is plenty of hydrogen sulfide and carbon for bacteria to consume via oxidation , or removing electrons , but the electron acceptor is up at the sediment surface , in the form of dissolved oxygen in the overlying water .
So the bacteria evidently form a sort of conductive chain , comprising biological nanowires and possibly pyrite grains embedded in the mud , that allows electrons from the oxidation of hydrogen sulfide and carbon within the sediment to contribute to the reduction of oxygen by other microbes at the sediment surface .
" It 's such a smart thing for bacteria to make this electric connection , " says Lars Peter Nielsen , a biologist at the University of Aarhus in Denmark who led the research , published in the February 25 issue of Nature .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
Bacteria sitting in the top layer of sediment receive electrons that they use to consume oxygen from oxygen - deprived but well - nourished bacteria deep down , which consume hydrogen sulfide and carbon .
" It 's a very smart division of labor in which there 's certainly a strong evolutionary fitness , " Nielsen says .
The researchers made the discovery by accident , Nielsen says .
He and his colleagues noticed something odd in glass tubes containing seafloor mud from nearby Aarhus harbor and Aarhus Bay that had been left undisturbed for weeks following an experiment .
Oxygen from seawater permeated only the upper millimeter or so of sediment , but the researchers noticed something happening much deeper in the mud , more than a centimeter below , as if oxygen were available down there , as well .
" We could see that the hydrogen sulfide — that 's what makes the mud stink — had disappeared in this part of the sediment , which in this context could only be due to reaction with oxygen , " Nielsen says .
" But there was no oxygen . "
The explanation , he says , came to him late one night :
What if there were some sort of wire linking the two regions ?
As it turned out , other research groups had shown that some bacteria can transfer electrons via conductive pili , tiny hairs extending far beyond a bacterium 's body that can act as nanowires .
In 2005 microbiologist Gemma Reguera , then at the University of Massachusetts Amherst , demonstrated with her colleagues the existence of such bacterial nanowires in Geobacter sulfurreducens .
( Nielsen says that he and his colleagues have not identified the bacterial species that provide conductivity in the seafloor mud . )
Reguera , now at Michigan State University , says the new research finally establishes that the bio-nanowires play a role in nature .
" There 's a lot of buzz about whether we can measure conductivity in the sediment and relate it to biology and microbes , but there has never been the proof , " Reguera says .
" This paper actually proved it . "
She notes that the study 's authors took great pains to exclude other possible explanations for the subsurface oxidation , whether from sediment mixing by tiny organisms or from oxidation by nonbiological agents such as nitrates and metallic oxides .
" At the end of the day , the key in this study is really the velocity of the response — how fast the electrons transfer across the sediments , " Reguera says .
When the researchers switched the electric current off by deoxygenating the water , thereby removing the electron acceptor at the sediment surface , the depth of the hydrogen sulfide layer in the sediment rose in less than an hour , as deeper microbes could no longer consume it .
" There is nothing known that could explain it but bacterial nanowires , " Reguera says .
An Apple Store sales associate sells two iPhone 3GS at an Apple Store in 2009 in San Francisco , California .
There 's a new application for Apple 's iPhone and it comes from the White House of President Barack Obama .
The free application , which is available through Apple 's App Store , features live video streaming , Cole said in a blog post on WhiteHouse.gov late Tuesday .
There 's a new application for Apple 's iPhone and it comes from the White House of President Barack Obama .
" The White House App delivers dynamic content from WhiteHouse.gov to the palm of your hand , " White House blogger Dave Cole said .
The free application , which is available through Apple 's App Store , features live video streaming , Cole said in a blog post on WhiteHouse.gov late Tuesday .
" Now anyone with this app can watch the president ’s public events at the White House , frequent Web chats with administration officials , and other events like key speeches and press briefings in real time , " he said .
For example , Cole said Obama 's January 27 " State of the Union " speech will be available to iPhone users .
" The White House App also lets users stay up to date with the White House Blog , " Cole said , and will provide on - demand video of White House events .
" In the coming weeks , we ’ll also launch mobile .
WhiteHouse.gov , a mobile - ready version of WhiteHouse.gov that is optimized for any Internet - enabled mobile device , including many other phones , " he added .
Obama relied heavily on the Internet during his presidential campaign for organizing , fundraising and communicating and has created MySpace and Facebook pages and a Twitter feed since entering the White House .
Obama 's " New Media " team has also launched a channel on YouTube and the White House is present on photo - sharing site Flickr .
Earlier this year , the White House launched several websites , Data.gov and Recovery.gov , in a bid to provide more information to the public and to provide unfiltered access to government data .
Explore further White House opens doors at Internet hot spots
( c ) 2010 AFP
A VPN – virtual private network – is an essential part of staying safe and secure online .
You might have complete confidence in your network or home security , but a VPN is the only way to use public Wi -Fi safely .
The problem is that having a VPN presents a trust issue in itself .
That is that no one is able to discover the websites you access through your connection .
This is important for keeping personal information such as banking details private and it helps to conceal other online activity too .
The complex nature of data encryption and secure transactions mean that you need to have one to get the other .
Issues with VPN Privacy
Something worth keeping in mind though is that a VPN may not be as private and secure as expected .
While they may offer an extensive range of impressive - sounding benefits for your security and use a lot of fancy terms , the reality is that very few VPNs actually provide truly private browsing experiences .
Here are the reasons that a VPN is n’t as private as you might think .
1 ) There ’s No Such Thing as Full Anonymity
What is your VPN service costing you ?
Unless you ’ve opted to go for a multi year subscription with an inexpensive provider like Surfshark ( which has its own issues ) , we ’re guessing at least $ 120 annually .
Why do you do it ?
For the promise that your connection is private and you are completely anonymous when you use the internet .
The bad news is that you are n’t truly anonymous .
A VPN service provider may promise that they provide complete anonymity with their service and that they do n’t keep logs , but there ’s no real way to verify their claims and know for sure they do n’t .
It ’s always something of a leap of faith .
You are trusting them to their word .
What would you say is the most important thing for a VPN service to offer – anonymity ?
Transparency ?
We believe that finding the right VPN provider you trust is much better than ending up with one that purports the false notion of complete anonymity and no log keeping at all .
What you want to do is find a VPN provider that genuinely appreciates your privacy and offers you anonymity , but these networks are very hard to come across .
2 ) Anonymity and Privacy Are Not the Same Things
Several VPNs offer tools to help you stay in control of your privacy .
These features can help manage who has access to private and personal data , but the data that may be used to identify you still exist and can be accessed .
Even if you go to the next level and combine your VPN service with the Tor network and used encrypted messaging , you do n’t have full and total anonymity .
These “ privacy ” tools can all be subverted if needed to track someone if they are considered a “ Person of Interest ” by the authorities , and that includes you .
While what you do is private due to the encryption , there are still records that show that you were using the internet at the time and that you did something while connected .
Edward Snowden explained all of this himself when he exposed the NSA and made us all realize just how much we were being watched .
He said that there are some basic things you can do to encrypt your hardware and network communication that make you more resilient to surveillance than an average user .
These steps make it difficult for regular mass surveillance to watch what you are doing .
Despite all of that though , you are not protected against targeted surveillance .
Make no mistake about it , if a government agency such as the NSA wants you and there is a warrant out there for your information , they will find you no matter what .
3 ) Read Through the Provider ’s Privacy Policy
You should be able to find Information about the logs a VPN service keeps on the privacy policy page of their website , but there are other good reasons to take a look at their policies .
More often than not , what is promised by the marketing does n’t match up with the small print in the written policy .
You ’ll find that in just about every case , the VPN logging system will track your username , operating system , IP address , and when you connect to their services and disconnect .
That does n’t sound all that anonymous now , does it ?
Think about all of the information that can be gleaned from this “ minimal ” amount of data .
Just an IP address alone can be used to determine things like your name and location .
4 ) The Myth of Zero Logging
VPNs are in a war to get your attention , not to mention your money , and one way they get you is by promising that they do n’t log what you do .
Their “ no logging ” policies are hugely attractive selling points , but sadly they are a total myth .
Even the best of the best VPN providers are lying when they say that they do n’t keep any logs at all .
The reality is that it is impossible to run and maintain a server without keeping any logs .
Without these logs , VPN providers would n’t be able to handle any DNS requests , troubleshoot connections , prevent abuse , and limit specific VPN accounts access and use based on their subscription plan – such as placing caps on how much data users can use with the service .
With there being many reported cases of VPN service providers who claim not to keep logs handing their data to the authorities when requested , you ’d think it would be evident to everyone now that the concept of “ no logging ” is n’t what you think it is .
Either “ no logging ” does n’t really mean what you believe it means , or it ’s just become some de facto marketing term for the VPNs that should be ignored at this point .
How about VPNs that allow you to use their services without signing up , meaning they are only able to share information you provide them with ?
Well , those VPNs are entirely unreliable , low - quality services that make surfing the web about as painful as visiting the dentist .
Are you concerned about how the VPN you use collects and uses logs ?
If so , then you should check their website for a reference that tells you just what information these services retain , and then use that to determine whether they are a good fit for your needs or not .
If you ca n’t find any information about how a VPN provider handles their logging and the information they keep , then do n’t even entertain using them .
Find another service and do n’t look back .
5 ) Leased or Rented Hardware Requires Logging
At the heart of it all , there are two main kinds of VPN providers ; those who have servers of their own they can use , and those who rely on a cloud solution .
As we know by now , it ’s difficult to keep a server running without maintaining logs .
Running an online account controlled by a subscription is practically impossible without logs .
With all of the VPN providers that use third - party servers , it ’s downright impossible for those services to be run without anyone collecting logs .
While a VPN service might not create and obtain records of their own , the servers that they rent and provide to users do .
They have to because of the demands of the hosting providers who lease them their servers .
Here ’s one excellent example of this for you ; someone who used EarthVPN and believed themselves to be anonymous and used their “ anonymity ” to issue a bomb threat .
They were later apprehended after the Dutch police managed to obtain a court order to seize the server the user was on from the datacentre of the third party .
From the datacentre , they were able to find the user ’s IP address – which was likely used by the datacentre in their efforts to prevent DDOS attacks .
Virtual Private Networks are “ Virtually ” Private
Whether you use your VPN to shop online securely from the local café with a coffee in one hand and your mouse in the other , or you want to avoid anyone finding out about what you are torrenting , keep in mind that there ’s no such thing as a completely secure VPN service .
Are you surprised by the lack of privacy that a VPN really offers ?
Are you now reconsidering whether or not to use a VPN ?
Or maybe you ’re planning to change how you behave online ?
Either way , you ’ll be on the right track .
Each painting is a new emotional journey , an adventure , inspired by poetry or music which plays a large role in the creation of my works .
Or from the wonders and magical experiences I ’ve had with nature itself .
My approach to painting is to be in an intuitive state of mind and then as cited by Antony Tapies , “ Painting quickly is a calculated act to block out rational thought . ”
Whilst painting I want to be the first to uncover the unknown and / or the unseen .
One could say I ’m influenced by what does not yet exist .
That ’s really what excites me .
The two paintings here were inspired by jazz musicians Thelonious Monk and John Coltrane .
The above painting titled “ Misterioso ” , and below ” Dial Africa ” .
Medium used acrylic paint , liquid wax and charcoal on paper .
There ’s nothing quite as exciting as making the invisible , visible .
Simply , I strive to create art via my inner learned individualism by expressionistic means .
Gillett turned down an offer to present BBC Two's The Old Grey Whistle Test BBC Radio 3 and World Service presenter Charlie Gillett has died after a long illness , aged 68 .
Known as a champion of world music , the Lancashire - born broadcaster passed away in a London hospital on Wednesday , his family has confirmed .
He contracted an autoimmune disease , and last week suffered a heart attack .
Gillett is credited with discovering Dire Straits in 1976 after playing Sultans of Swing from their demo tape on his Radio London show Honky Tonk .
He also wrote an acclaimed history of rock ' n ' roll , The Sound of the City , in the 1970s .
' Passionate gentleman ' Fellow broadcaster Mark Lamarr , a friend of Gillett , said : " He championed so many great bands .
" I 've spoken to him at great length about so many different musical styles and he will always pinpoint the exact great moment that you should know about . "
Gillett was part of a panel who first coined the term " world music "
Charlie Gillett : Your memories Lamarr described him as a " considered and passionate gentleman " and a " great broadcaster " .
" Before that he'd written the definitive book on the rise of popular music in the 20th Century , " Lamarr added .
" When I first met him , it was like meeting the rock ' n ' roll equivalent of Dickens or Shakespeare . "
World Service director Peter Horrocks said Gillett was an inspiration whose spirit of adventure and passion for the rich diversity of global music opened the ears of the world .
" His broadcasts brought together music and radio fans from far flung corners of the globe , " he said .
" His postbag was one of the biggest , most affectionate and diverse in Bush House , which confirmed his special place in listener 's lives .
He was a very special broadcaster and he will be sorely missed . "
Gillett stood down from his regular slot on Radio 3's World on 3 for health reasons two months ago .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Born in Morecambe and brought up in Stockton - on - Tees , Cleveland , he brought stars of world music such as Youssou N'Dour , Salif Keita , and Portuguese singer Mariza to a wide audience .
In the mid-70s , he managed Ian Dury while he was in his first band Kilburn and the High Roads .
Notable successes with his label and publishing company , Oval Music , were Lene Lovich 's Lucky Number and Paul Hardcastle 's number one hit 19 .
The DJ also turned down an offer to present BBC Two 's live music show The Old Grey Whistle Test .
In 1979 , he moved to commercial station Capital Radio , where he began to feature music from around the world .
More recently he appeared on BBC London .
He was known to millions of listeners for his World Service programme Charlie Gillett 's World of Music .
He is survived by his wife Buffy , their daughters Suzy and Jody , their son Ivan , and two grandchildren .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CNN has decided to hire Erick Erickson as a political contributor to their upcoming new show , " John King USA " .
Erickson , an editor at redstate.com , is meant to talk about political issues from a Republican point of view .
While CNN should certainly be welcoming diverse political voices on their network , Erickson 's history of inflammatory comments are dangerous and inappropriate for a news network .
In the past , Erickson has called women 's rights activists Nazis , called Michelle Obama a " Marxist harpy wife , " said that President Obama only won his Nobel Peace Prize because of " affirmative action , " and called the U.S. Department of Education 's Safe Schools Czar " profoundly sick and immoral " beacause of his sexual orientation .
It does n't stop there .
Erickson has called former Supreme Court Justice David Souter a " goat f*cking child molester , " and has compared Democratic U.S. Senators to terrorist suicide bombers .
Again , CNN should welcome political voices from all sides of the aisle .
But those voices should be rooted in healthy discourse , and not the inflammatory rhetoric that Erick Erickson has made a staple of his career .
Demand CNN pull their offer to Erick Erickson .
He 's certainly entitled to his own political beliefs , and he 's entitled to use the type of rhetoric that 's made him famous .
But CNN should n't be in the business of rewarding this .
Tell the network that if they decide to keep Erickson on as a commentator for John King USA , you 'll turn the channel .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Most Americans do not want genetically modified foods and consider them dangerous .
Because the U.S. does not require manufacturers to disclose genetically modified ( GM or GMO ) ingredients on the product labels , the public is largely unaware of when they are purchasing GM foods .
Such foods are now found in up to 70 percent of all grocery store products .
While an unwitting public consumes more and more GM foods , evidence of their dangers continues to mount .
Genetically modified foods are created when genes from another species are created in a lab and inserted into a food 's DNA .
The foods which have the highest prevalence of genetic modifications include some of our biggest crops : corn , soybeans , canola , tomatoes , lettuce , and potatoes .
Corn oil and high fructose corn syrup are widely used in food items .
Virtually every salad dressing and butter substitute finds that they contain one or more of corn oil , canola oil or soybean oil .
The European Union , Japan , China , Korea , Australia , and New Zealand require labeling of foods containing GMO content .
Despite a CBS
News showing a majority of Americans want labeling , no such laws exist .
A CBS poll also found that 53 percent of Americans would n't buy food they knew had been genetically modified .
Experts and consumers are becoming increasingly concerned about GMO foods as evidence of their dangers continues to mount .
In a study published in the International Journal of Biological Sciences rats fed genetically modified corn were compared to their parents who had been fed non -GM corn .
The results showed a clear difference between the two groups .
The rats fed GM food had signs of liver and kidney problems as well as effects on their hearts , adrenal glands , and spleens .
A Russian study found that over 55 percent of the newborn rats from females fed genetically engineered soy flour before , during , and after pregnancy , died within three weeks and 36 percent were underweight .
By comparison , only 9 percent of the offspring of rats fed non-GM soy died and less than 7 percent were underweight .
The global leader in the push for GMO foods is Monsanto .
A new study which used the same data Monsanto used to gain approval of GMO corn linked organ damage to three strains of the Monsanto GM corn .
The study was conducted by the Committee of Research and Information on Genetic Engineering ( CRIIGEN ) and the Universities of Caen and Rouen in France .
The study , completed in December 2009 , appears in the International Journal of Biological Sciences ( IJBS ) .
Ninety - nine percent of GMO crops either tolerate or produce insecticide - which might explain why we see bee colony collapse disorder and massive butterfly deaths .
If GMOs destroy our pollinators , they could be more disastrous than the threat they pose to humans and other mammals .
In addition to possible extinctions and eco-system harm , GMO opponents fear they could trigger the emergence of antibiotic resistant diseases due to viruses and bacteria used to modify some GM foods .
They also fear such foods could raise the risk of developing cancer , lead to chronic illnesses such as fibromyalgia and trigger food allergies .
To avoid GM foods :- Read the produce stickers on fruits and vegetables .
Five - digit numbers beginning with an eight mean it is a GM food .
Five - digit numbers beginning with a nine indicate organic foods .
Conventionally produced foods have numbers containing four digits .-
Select products that are labeled GM - free . -
Buy foods labeled " 100 percent organic . " -
Get your produce from small , local farmers ( most GM foods come from large commercial farms ) .-
Avoid processed foods , especially those containing corn , soy and canola .
Sources included : Tony Isaacs , is a natural health author , advocate and researcher who hosts
The Best Years in Life website for those who wish to avoid prescription drugs and mainstream managed illness and live longer , healthier and happier lives naturally .
Mr. Isaacs is the author of books and articles about natural health , longevity and beating cancer including " Cancer 's Natural Enemy " and is working on a major book project due to be published later this year .
He is also a contributing author for the worldwide advocacy group " S.A N.E.Vax .
Inc " which endeavors to uncover the truth about HPV vaccine dangers .
Mr. Isaacs is currently residing in scenic East Texas and frequently commutes to the even more scenic Texas hill country near Austin and San Antonio to give lectures and health seminars .
He also hosts the CureZone " Ask Tony Isaacs - featuring Luella May " forum as well as the Yahoo Health Group " Oleander Soup " and he serves as a consultant to the " Utopia Silver Supplement Company " .
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
HOW far is it from Athens to America and which countries lie on the way ?
That may sound like an esoteric geography question , but it is being asked by investors as Greece 's debt crisis creates global jitters about the safety of sovereign debt .
So far Portugal , Ireland and Spain , the other high - deficit countries on the periphery of the euro zone , are thought to be next in line .
In most big rich economies , yields have been stable and well below their long - term average ( see chart ) .
But nerves are fraying elsewhere .
The cost of insuring against sovereign default ( see article ) has risen in 47 of the 50 countries for which these instruments exist .
Dubai 's sovereign credit - default - swap spreads soared to their highest level in a year this week , amid concern about the terms of a debt restructuring by a state - owned conglomerate .
There is increasingly shrill commentary arguing that Greece is the start of a far bigger problem .
“ A Greek crisis is coming to America ” , blared the headline on a recent Financial Times article by Niall Ferguson , a financial historian .
The stakes are high .
A sudden loss of confidence in all sovereign debt , and especially in American Treasuries , the world 's benchmark “ risk - free ” asset , would have calamitous consequences in a still - fragile recovery .
Equally , an exaggerated fear of sovereign risk could prompt governments into premature fiscal austerity , which might itself push the world economy back into recession .
Neither the shrill nor the sanguine arguments can be dismissed out of hand .
Fiscal pessimists point both to past experience and to the arithmetic of public debt for evidence that sovereign - debt crises could spread far beyond Greece .
The lesson of history , as documented in a magisterial study of financial crises by Carmen Reinhart and Ken Rogoff , is that public debt tends to soar after financial crises , rising by an average of 86 % in real terms .
Sovereign defaults have often followed .
The arithmetic argument for pessimism is equally compelling .
Virtually no rich country has a “ sustainable ” debt position , in the narrow sense that none is running a tight enough budget or is growing quickly enough to stop its debt burden from rising .
The worst offenders on this count are the euro area 's peripheral economies , as well as Britain and America .
Greece stands out for the size of its debt stock , the scale of its budget deficit and the grimness of its growth prospects given high domestic costs and an inability to devalue .
Worries about where growth will come from are the main reason why fears have , so far , focused on the other weak members of the euro zone ( although Spain attracted decent demand for a 15 - year bond sale on February 17th ) .
America and Britain , having their own currencies , are in a different position .
But they are not immune to concerns about growth and debt dynamics .
On February 18th Britain reported a deficit for January , a month of surplus since records began in 1993 .
Pessimists also fret about the sheer scale of America 's public borrowing and , especially , China 's role in funding it .
News that foreign demand for Treasuries fell sharply in December and that Beijing was a big seller has fanned their concerns .
Nonsense , says the sanguine camp , whose members include Paul Krugman , a prominent New York Times columnist .
In their view , those who fear a sudden rise in sovereign risk , particularly for America , misunderstand the reasons for the build - up of sovereign debt and underestimate the role of Treasuries as a safe haven .
Sovereign - bond yields are low because private demand for capital is weak .
And it is likely to stay that way as Anglo - Saxon households rebuild their savings and firms hold back from investing .
On this view , America and Britain are better compared to Japan than to Greece .
Japan 's public debt — almost 200 % of GDP on a gross basis — has risen steadily in the two decades since its asset bubble burst .
It is far higher than in any Anglo - Saxon economies .
Despite several downgrades , Japan has not had a debt crisis .
It is true that Japan , as a big creditor nation , can tap into ample savings at home , whereas America relies more on foreign investors .
But the breadth of the financial crisis across the rich world , and hence the surfeit of savings relative to investment , means this distinction can be overdone .
What is more , investors still flee to , not from , American assets when they worry about risk .
The dollar has risen by 4.8 % against the euro since the start of the year .
Existing investors in American debt , such as China , have no incentive to drive down its value with a fire sale of their holdings .
If Greece 's plight shows that investor sentiment can change quickly and Japan 's history shows that it need not , where do other sovereigns stand ?
So far low yields have vindicated the sanguine view for all but those on the very edge of the euro zone .
But there are three reasons to believe that could change .
The first lies in the strength of emerging markets .
A gradual reorientation of their economies towards domestic spending will slowly reduce the global supply of savings , even if rich - country growth remains weak .
Other things being equal , that ought to push up the cost of capital .
At the same time rapid growth means most emerging economies ' sovereign - debt ratios , already much lower than those in the rich world , will fall .
True , rich countries can point to a far superior payment record .
Over the past 50 years sovereign defaults have been confined to the emerging world .
But the definition of what is a “ safe ” borrower could shift , benefiting Brazil , say , and hurting America and Britain .
Second , the debt problems in big rich economies go well beyond the temporary effects of the crisis .
It is thanks to an ageing population and soaring health and pension costs that America 's debt ratio will still be rising in a decade .
Investors have long shrugged off this structural deterioration .
Insouciance seems less likely when the starting point is much higher debt .
Third , the rise in interest rates that should naturally accompany an economic recovery and increased investment demand might itself spawn a higher risk premium on sovereign debt , especially in America .
The average maturity on federal debt is less than five years , so higher yields translate relatively quickly into bigger interest payments , worsening the fiscal position .
Richard Berner of Morgan Stanley expects ten - year bond yields to reach 5.5 % by December , up from 3.7 % now .
None of these possibilities suggests that America or Britain is at risk of a debt crisis , in the sense that bond yields soar as investors suddenly flee .
But they do suggest that a bigger rise in yields than expected and a subsequent worsening of their debt position is possible .
That demands a credible medium - term plan to cut deficits .
Otherwise Greece 's problems could be the start of something much bigger .
For those of you in the business of being inspired , getting relevant news and being sufficiently titillated - I have some bad news .
No one cares anymore .
Why ?
Because suddenly google equals truth .
Which in a roundabout way means that the only thing magazine editors feel comfortable commenting on is what is google worthy - which is to say , if it ’s not relevant gossip pertaining to some sensationalist outcry most media outlets are loathe on the subject matter .
Loathe because magazine editors ( and their bosses ) are ever so mindful of the bottom line and if you are n’t clicking on it , they ’re no longer making money .
It used to work like this - a reporter would be intrigued by disquieting facts , observations and with existential angst they would lock hold themselves in a cube contemplating its ramifications , its implications and even make late night calls to other writers , scenesters , mobsters and even the occasional politician in the hopes of getting to the bottom of it all .
That of course was then , what is now is the dumbing down of our collective conscious and the abatement of intelligent discourse .
What matters most is your zip code , whom you know , where you hang out and who took a photo of you - because we all know if Patrick McMullan can take a photo of you , you are worthy of celebrity , never mind if it ’s just pseudo celebrity status .
Let ’s take the recent Sundance festival that we we ’re fortunate enough to attend .
Curious to ask on what was actually going on there , the only real news we got was that it was a self flagellation contest between Harvey Weinstein and Jon Gosselin ( who for some strange reason must think he ’s a movie star now ) who were doing their best to avoid each other .
It was pretense at best , an attempt by directors , writers , celebrities and actors to sell themselves out because cash is always a rush never mind artistic integrity .
All of this should of course scare you , because what it suggests is that the denizen of underground and progressive American film has now morphed into a see all and photographed by all .
A sort of third rate amusement show where no one comes to ride the Ferris wheel anymore because they ’d rather talk about the idea of riding the Ferris wheel while all the while preening for the cameras and applying as much candy up their noses .
The idea of presenting disturbing realities or controversial themes has eroded because we have learned to like our culture sanded down and palpable in mini croquette bite form .
The president of Iceland blocked a $ 5 billion compensation deal with the British and Dutch governments on Tuesday , upending the precarious finances and politics of the island nation and further jeopardizing already frayed ties with Europe and international lenders .
In a televised speech , the president , Olafur R. Grimsson , detailed his opposition to the $ 5 billion compensation deal .
His decision means that the measure will be submitted to a referendum , even though recent polls show that 70 percent of the population opposes the bill .
Some 60,000 people in Iceland  one - fifth of the population  had signed a petition against the bill , which was presented to the president last week .
Its rejection would force Iceland ’s increasingly shaky left - wing coalition to reopen negotiations with the British and Dutch governments  both of which have taken a hard negotiating stance .
Icelandic banks were aggressive investors in Northern Europe , luring depositors with high rates .
But short - term financing for the highly leveraged institutions dried up when the credit crisis hit .
Economy
Trade deficit likely in March By Ding Qingfen ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-03-22 07:02
Minister warns China will fight back if declared currency manipulator
BEIJING -
The country will probably see a " record trade deficit " in March thanks to surging imports , Minister of Commerce Chen Deming said on Sunday , while warning that Beijing will " fight back " if Washington labels China a currency manipulator .
Speaking at the three - day China Development Forum that ends on Monday , Chen said : " I believe there will be a trade deficit in March " - which will be the first since May 2004 .
After China 's exports rebounded in December , US legislators and economists have been demanding the Barack Obama administration label China a currency manipulator in a US Treasury report due out in mid-April , which will make it possible for Washington to slap duties on Chinese imports .
" China 's trade surplus with the US has been turned into a key excuse by American economists to pressurize the Chinese government to revalue the yuan , " but , ironically , the calls have been growing stronger even as the " surplus keeps falling " , Chen said .
" It 's not rational ( for China ) to revalue the yuan , as it would hurt both Chinese exporters and American consumers . "
In the three decades up to the 2008 global financial crisis , China 's exports registered annual growth of 20 percent but the surplus with the US contributed a big chunk to China 's total .
Last year , China had a surplus of $ 143.38 billion with the US , accounting for a hefty 73 percent of the total .
" The impact of currency revaluation on trade is limited , " said Chen .
From July 2005 to July 2008 , the yuan gained a cumulative 21 percent against the dollar , but China 's trade surplus with the US kept rising .
When the yuan was steady against the dollar from 2009 , the trade surplus dropped 34 percent .
Chinese analysts said the Obama administration , under increasing pressure as mid-term Congressional elections draw near , is trying desperate measures to create more jobs and expand exports to placate voters , and the Chinese currency has been made a target .
" If the ( trade ) issue is taken to the WTO , China will respond actively , " Chen added .
" China , of course , wants to buy more to balance trade , but it is a pity there are so many things that we cannot buy from the US .
The US has set restrictions on exports three times , and it added several categories in 2007 , such as computers , aerospace technology and digital machine tools , " said Chen .
Nobel laureate and economist Joseph Stiglitz told China Daily on the sidelines of the forum that many other factors , such as restrictions on high - tech products , rather than the exchange rate contribute to the US deficit with China .
He called on Washington to relax the curbs to balance trade .
The ministry also said on Friday that Washington 's method of evaluating trade figures magnifies the deficit with China .
" The deficit has been vastly overestimated based on American statistics , " and according to the latest report prepared by both sides , the US deficit for 2006 is " 26 percent higher than it should have been , " Chen said .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad visited Hebron onFriday and prayed at the Cave of the Patriarchs on Friday afternoon , criticizing Israel 's decision to add the site and Rachel 'sTomb in Bethlehem to the list of Jewish heritage sites marked forrenovation andpreservation .
Speaking to reporters after prayers , Fayyadaccused Israel of " annexing " the Cave of the Patriarchs . " [ Prime Minister Binyamin ]
Netanyahu 's decision is dangerous and political in nature .
The site is an inseparable part of the occupied Palestinian territories , " Channel 10 quoted Fayyad as saying .
" This is the main reason we oppose the Israeli government ' sdecision , " Fayyad reportedly said .
Meanwhile , a violent demonstration by dozens of Palestinian protesters in Hebronagainst the heritage list decision ended on Friday evening .
Theprotesters hurled rocks at IDF troops and Border Policeforces near the Jewish quarter in the city , and security forces wereusing non-lethal weapons to disperse the rioters .
One protester wasarrested , Army Radio reported .
Forcesin Hebron had been on heightened alert , preparing for the possibilityof continued rioting in the city .
Officials were concerned thatviolence would escalate following sermons during Friday prayers in thecity ’s mosques .
Two Palestinian protesters were reportedlyinjured in clashes on Thursday , a day after the Obama administrationsharply criticized Israel for its move .
According to Palestinianreports , four demonstrators were also arrested in the violence justmeters from the cave , where dozens of youths threw rocks at BorderPolice and IDF soldiers .
The security forces fired tear gas cannisters to disperse the protesters , who had gathered to protest the Israeli decision .
Thegovernment 's move , announced Sunday , has drawn wide criticism , including from the United Nations .
US State Department spokesman MarkToner said the administration viewed the move as provocative andunhelpful to the goal of getting the two sides back to the table .
Toner said US displeasure with the designations of the Cave of the Patriarchs in the flash point town of Hebron and the traditional tombof the biblical matriarch Rachel in Bethlehem had been conveyed tosenior Israeli officials by American diplomats .
Netanyahu has attempted to calm the spirits , saying there isno intention to change the status quo at the worship sites .
Freedom ofworship would be maintained , he said , and the purpose of the decisionwas to allow renovation and maintain the current status .
Knowing that Super Bowl Sunday is the only day of the year in which TV viewers actually care about commercials , you 'd think ad agencies would have tried to reach the men and the women watching at home , right ?
Wrong .
Only a few minutes into the 3rd quarter and it was evident that a theme had already emerged , namely , advertisements aimed at emasculated men and the harpies who have sucked the manhood and life out of them .
The pattern kicked off with this Snickers / Betty White ad , and I must admit that I laughed the first time I watched it - who would n't laugh at the former Golden Girl yelling , " That 's not what your girlfriend said ! "
But as the night went on , it became clear that the Snickers spot was the first of many ads starring emasculated males who need to " man up " via various products .
In this case , it was a Snickers bar , which turned White back into a male football player .
Not the worst ad of the night by far , but the first example of a creepy and infuriating pattern .
Next up : an ad for Dove For Men , in which a man celebrates the fact that he 's finally become ... a man .
It 's the least offensive ad of the bunch , and an interesting contrast to parent company Unilever 's bro-tastic
Axe commercials , but it still centers on the notion that a man deserves things simply for , you know , growing up .
Dodge 's advertisement for the Charger features a male voiceover admitting that he 'll do whatever he 's told to do , like " watch your vampire tv shows with you " and " put the seat down " and " carry your lip balm . "
Seeing that a woman has ruined his life , he feels it's his right to drive the car he wants to drive ; standing up for manhood by picking a Dodge is apparently " man 's last stand . "
No stereotypes here , eh ?
I 'm sure it was unintentional , but this ad played like that old SNL skit wherein Will Ferrell attempts to assert control over his family by reminding them that he drives a Dodge Stratus .
The joke , naturally , was that this made Ferrell look even more pathetic .
I 'm guessing that whomever created the Dodge Charger spot did n't get that joke .
And Bridgestone took us back to the 1950s with a spin on the ol ' " take my wife , please " bit , with a dastardly villain being disappointed after a man gave up his wife to spare his tires , as opposed to his life to spare his tires .
Because nobody wants a dumb wife when there are tires on the line , right ?
The whole thing is just creepy , especially when the woman is shoved , forcefully , out of the car .
Bud Light 's " Book Club " ad does n't necessarily fit the " sad bro " pattern of the night , though it does present men as childish idiots , making " thrusting " jokes and trying to hit on women with lines like , " I 'd like to hear you read some words . "
The worst ad of the night award goes to " Flo TV , " in which an announcer informs the viewing audience that a man shown lingerie shopping with his girlfriend has had his spine removed .
After hooking the bro up with a mobile tv , the announcer instructs , " Change out of that skirt , Jason . "
Because he 's such a powerless girl , get it !
High fives , everybody .
Let 's hope half the viewing audience — you know , those spinestealing , dream crushing , vampire tv wearing skirts ruining the world — do n't mind being insulted while tuning in to the big game .
Look , ad agencies , we get it : you 're trying to reach out to men watching the game .
But it might be worth considering the fact that presenting men as dumb , pathetic babies in need of gadgets to save them from their boring lives and presenting women as horrible harpies intent on ruining the world might turn off more than a few viewers at home .
If nothing else , you 've given a sizable portion of the population a list of things not to buy ( here at Jezebel , we refer to that as " badvertising " ) .
Better luck next year , bros .
Advertisement
There was at least one bright spot dealing with these theme , however : Lauren
Wick 's hilarious flowchart mocking the night 's worst ads , designed to let bros " know if Super Bowl commercials are helping you be all the man you can be . "
Advertisement
My Flowchart Of How To Know If Super Bowl Commercials Are Helping You Be All The Man You Can Be [ Lauren Wick ]
An Olympic Failure
At least 137 Native women missing and murdered in BC since 1980
by Maya Rolbin- Ghanie
The Dominion - http://www.dominionpaper.ca
Dawn Paley Photo : Share Del.icio
The annual Women 's Memorial March in Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside pays tribute to missing and murdered women .
The 19th march will take place during the 2010 Olympics .
MONTREAL — The February 14 Memorial March for Murdered and Missing Women has taken route along Hastings street in Vancouver every year since 1991 to honour Vancouver 's murdered women , as well as more than 68 women still missing from the city 's Downtown Eastside ( DTES ) .
East Hastings
St , which runs straight through the DTES , is often referred to as the poorest postal code in Canada , and is notorious for a highly visible level of homelessness , drug use and sex work .
Dawn Paley Photo : Women drumming at the February 14 Memorial March in 2007 .
Vancouver 's City Hall confirmed its support this fall for the march at the insistence of DTES residents , but previously , the city , along with 2010 Olympic officials and the Vancouver 2010 Integrated Security Unit , attempted to change the procession 's route or date to defer to the predicted flow of Olympics - generated traffic on Hastings Street .
The games begin today , February 12 , two days prior to the march .
Already , the Olympics have led to increased poverty , homelessness , and policing in possibly the poorest neighbourhood in Canada .
The epidemic of missing and murdered women in Canada has not improved since the inaugural march 18 years ago .
In fact , it appears to have worsened , particularly for Indigenous women and girls .
Of 521 known cases of missing and murdered Indigenous women across Canada since roughly 1980 , half have occurred in the last decade .
BC has seen the worst , where , as of 2008 , approximately 137 of those cases had occurred .
According to Walk4Justice activists , ( a group made up largely of Indigenous women who hold annual walks demanding justice for their missing and murdered friends and loved ones ) , and the Native Women 's Association of Canada ( NWAC ) , the actual number of missing and murdered Indigenous women is much higher , and likely in the thousands .
Underestimation , they say , is due to insufficient research funding , which is also a phenomenon of the last decade .
Craig Benjamin , a campaigner for Indigenous rights with Amnesty International , estimates that Canadian police only note victims ' racial identity about 60 per cent of the time , and the information is often inaccurate when they do .
Many officers do not see the relevance of the information in the first place .
“ If [ victims ] do n't look Aboriginal in their eyes , then they do n't record it , ” he says .
According to the 2008 Greater Vancouver Homeless Count , almost 3,000 people in the area are homeless , a 22 per cent increase since 2005 .
Indigenous people make up 32 per cent of this population , though they make up just two per cent of the city 's total population .
Front -line Indigenous human rights activist Gladys Radek , of Vancouver , has participated in the Walk4Justice for several years .
While the 2008 Walk4Justice route went all - out ( Walkers made a three - month trek from Vancouver to Parliament Hill in Ottawa ) the month - long 2009 Walk last June saw 17 Indigenous women retracing the stretch of Highway 16 between Prince George and Prince Rupert , dubbed the " Highway of Tears , " where so many of their relations had violently passed from this world .
“ Once we got past Prince George , ” said Radek , “ it was really emotional because we were reaching the heart of the Highway of Tears .
Lots of the women 's spirits were with us as we were walking . "
“ You could feel there was no work being done for the family members .
We were asking family members [ up North ] about certain organizations , and there were no answers for them up there so it was really disheartening .
A real severe lack of support for any type of justice , equality , closure , or accountability .
We 're hoping to change that . ”
Organizations from the grassroots Walk4Justice all the way to the United Nations have called on the Canadian government for a public investigation into the appallingly high number of unresolved , uninvestigated murders and disappearances of Indigenous women .
In November , 2008 , the UN gave Canada an ultimatum to report back in a year on the status of more than 500 cases that " have neither been fully investigated nor attracted priority attention , with the perpetrators remaining unpunished . "
Canada has not responded .
The problem of missing and murdered Indigenous women is systemic , and an extension of ongoing racist and sexist colonial policies such as the Indian Act .
The issue is also country - wide , with the frequency of violence against Indigenous women growing in eastern provinces .
BC , though , is still the site of the most alarming level of gendered and racialized violence toward Native women in the country .
Ironically , when deciding where to hold the 2010 Olympics , the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) faced a choice between Pyeongchang , South Korea , and Vancouver .
While South Korea pitched itself as the " peace " candidate , Vancouver sold itself as the " safety and security " candidate .
The provincial government presented BC as a place where everybody gets along : rich and poor , rural and urban , Native and non-Native .
Increased Susceptibility to Homelessness , Trafficking
A June 2007 report by the Geneva - based Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions ( COHRE ) found two million people worldwide have been forcibly displaced in the last 20 years to clear space for the Olympics .
Vancouver has been no exception .
The DTES has seen mass closure of social housing and low - income hotels , triggered by an effort to create more space for tourists and corporate investors .
Indigenous women have been at the receiving end of the city 's clear priority of Games over homes : 45 per cent of homeless women identified as Aboriginal in the 2008 Greater Vancouver Homeless Count .
The precariousness of their living situation also leads to more Native women than the rest of the homeless population stating that they are involved in " illegal activities " for income .
Most of these women said said they were involved in sex work .
This is reflected in other studies : Gang expert Michael Chettleburgh has found that 90 per cent of underage , urban sex workers in Canada are Aboriginal .
Canada is not ordinarily associated with violations like sex trafficking , but it was not even illegal here until 2001 .
The Olympics , however , have a long tradition of arriving hand - in - hand with a massive influx of prostitution and the pseudo - legalization of the sex industry for the benefit of businessmen and elite athletes .
Again , Vancouver is no exception .
Former NWAC president Beverly Jacobs has stated that the organization has reason to believe that trafficking is playing a significant role in the continually high level of missing Indigenous women and girls , but the only body with adequate resources for an investigation of that caliber is the Canadian government , which has proven to be the least likely to implicate itself .
In Vancouver , trafficking has been historically associated with Asian and Indigenous women , beginning in the mid- to late - 1800s as European colonization began .
Today , both groups are still targeted much more than other population sectors .
“ Vancouver is considered to be a hub for Pacific human trafficking ...
Traffickers will view the 2010 Olympics as the biggest opportunity for them in decades .
Any time you have an influx of foreign tourists and money , you ’ll see a huge demand for the sex trade , " says Vancouver journalist Magda Ibrahim .
According to a report by Calgary - based Future Group , titled , Faster , Higher , Stronger : Preventing Human Trafficking at the 2010 Olympics , “ There is a real risk that traffickers will seek to profit from the 2010 Olympics ...
This event could create an increased demand for prostitution , and also give an easy cover story for victims to be presented as ‘ visitors ’ by traffickers . ”
Although the scale of trafficking within Canada is difficult to measure , it is likely much higher than RCMP estimates of six to eight hundred women per year .
Ottawa - based researcher Anupriya Sethi has identified trafficking triangles through which Aboriginal victims are moved : Saskatoon - Edmonton - Calgary - Saskatoon ; Saskatoon - Regina - Winnipeg - Saskatoon .
" I do n't know if there are international linkages , " she says .
" Once you 're in Vancouver , where are you taken ?
Once you 're in Toronto , are you taken to New York or do you go to Los Angeles ?
I do n't know .
It has n't been explored . "
“ There ’s a total myth that Aboriginal women either consent to or are born into the sex trade , ” said Jo - Ann Daniels , interim executive director for the Metis Settlements General Council in Edmonton .
“ The average age of Aboriginal girls who are human trafficked is between seven and 12 years old . ”
" Basically , their handlers start them in Vancouver , " said Chantal Tie , a lawyer with the National Association of Women and The Law .
" They work for them there for a while , then they 're sold to someone in Winnipeg and then to someone in Toronto , and so on down the line as they get moved around the country . "
The RCMP's National Aboriginal Policing Service has expressed a desire to explore the issue further , but says it lacks the funding and human resources to do so .
Considering the extremely poor record of police investigations into violence against sex trade workers and Indigenous women in Canada , it is unlikely that any real attempt to check these practices during 2010 will take place .
Maya Rolbin - Ghanie is a writer active with the Missing Justice campaign in Montreal .
For up - to - the - minute Olympics resistance coverage , check out the Vancouver Media Co-op , and the 2010 Convergence website .
Follow the VMC on twitter !
ALL Australian homes will soon have to undergo a mandatory energy - efficiency assessment costing up to $ 1500 per property .
The assessment has to be done before any property can be sold or rented under new laws to tackle carbon emissions .
What do you think Perth ?
Are you in support of compulsory energy audits , or determined not to be railroaded into paying a $ 1500 bill .
Share your thoughts in the comments box below .
The mandatory assessment - being drafted into law by the federal and state governments - will rate homes by an energy efficiency star system , similar to the ratings given to fridges and washing machines .
It will apply to all commercial properties from later this year and to all residential properties from May 2011 , Adelaide Now reports .
A spokesman for State Energy Minister Pat Conlon said the ratings would inform prospective owners or tenants of a building 's energy use , so they could factor it in to their buying or rental decision .
The spokesman said details of the " Mandatory Disclosure " scheme - including who would carry out the assessments and how much they would cost - were yet to be decided .
Energy efficiency expert Arthur Grammatopoulos , of Helica Architecture , said rating properties could cost up to $ 1500 a house .
" I think this is a positive move for the industry but the question has to be asked , will there be enough experts to cope with demand when the law is introduced ? " he said .
A similar scheme with a six - star rating has been operating in the Australian Capital Territory 's property market for several years .
Queensland 's State Government introduced a mandatory Sustainability Declaration form on January 1 , requiring homeowners to declare their property 's green credentials to prospective buyers or risk a $ 2000 fine .
Mandatory disclosure has been criticised by property experts as an unwarranted expense that will not influence purchasing decisions or cut household pollution .
The Real Estate Institute of SA said governments were playing environmentally " popular politics " by introducing a law that they say will simply add to the cost of selling and renting a home .
" I think they are patronising people who are making the biggest purchase decision of their life by thinking a rating system will influence that decision , " REISA chief executive Greg Troughton said .
" It 's already hard enough to buy and sell a home and this is just another financial impost that also has the potential to delay the sale of a property . "
While Mr Troughton said vendors would bear the cost of having their home rated by a licensed expert , independent SA MLC and former Valuer - General John Darley said landlords would look to pass the cost on to tenants .
" This will be an extra cost to working families who have to rent because they can't afford a mortgage , " he said .
" And we need this like a hole in the head unless the governments can convince us there is a definite benefit , like a reduction in household pollution . "
The Council of Australian Government 's National Strategy on Energy Efficiency says Mandatory Disclosure will " help households and businesses prepare for the introduction of the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme " .
On March 3 , 1986 , four of China ’s top weapons scientists — each a veteran of the missile and space programs — sent a private letter to Deng Xiaoping , the leader of the country .
Their letter was a warning : Decades of relentless focus on militarization had crippled the country ’s civilian scientific establishment ; China must join the world ’s xin jishu geming , the “ new technological revolution , ” they said , or it would be left behind .
They called for an élite project devoted to technology ranging from biotech to space research .
Deng agreed , and scribbled on the letter , “ Action must be taken on this now . ”
This was China ’s “ Sputnik moment , ” and the project was code - named the 863 Program , for the year and month of its birth .
China ’s clean - tech advances should be a warning to the U.S. Illustration by Jordan Awan
In the years that followed , the government pumped billions of dollars into labs and universities and enterprises , on projects ranging from cloning to underwater robots .
Then , in 2001 , Chinese officials abruptly expanded one program in particular : energy technology .
The reasons were clear .
Once the largest oil exporter in East Asia , China was now adding more than two thousand cars a day and importing millions of barrels ; its energy security hinged on a flotilla of tankers stretched across distant seas .
Meanwhile , China was getting nearly eighty per cent of its electricity from coal , which was rendering the air in much of the country unbreathable and hastening climate changes that could undermine China ’s future stability .
Rising sea levels were on pace to create more refugees in China than in any other country , even Bangladesh .
In 2006 , Chinese leaders redoubled their commitment to new energy technology ; they boosted funding for research and set targets for installing wind turbines , solar panels , hydroelectric dams , and other renewable sources of energy that were higher than goals in the United States .
China doubled its wind - power capacity that year , then doubled it again the next year , and the year after .
The country had virtually no solar industry in 2003 ; five years later , it was manufacturing more solar cells than any other country , winning customers from foreign companies that had invented the technology in the first place .
As President Hu Jintao , a political heir of Deng Xiaoping , put it in October of this year , China must “ seize preëmptive opportunities in the new round of the global energy revolution . ”
A China born again green can be hard to imagine , especially for people who live here .
After four years in Beijing , I ’ve learned how to gauge the pollution before I open the curtains ; by dawn on the smoggiest days , the lungs ache .
The city government does not dwell on the details ; its daily air - quality measurement does not even tally the tiniest particles of pollution , which are the most damaging to the respiratory system .
Last year , the U.S. Embassy installed an air monitor on the roof of one of its buildings , and every hour it posts the results to a Twitter feed , with a score ranging from 1 , which is the cleanest air , to 500 , the dirtiest .
American cities consider anything above 100 to be unhealthy .
The rare times in which an American city has scored above 300 have been in the midst of forest fires .
In these cases , the government puts out public - health notices warning that the air is “ hazardous ” and that “ everyone should avoid all physical activity outdoors . ”
As I type this in Beijing , the Embassy ’s air monitor says that today ’s score is 500 .
China is so big — and is growing so fast — that in 2006 it passed the United States to become the world ’s largest producer of greenhouse gases .
If China ’s emissions keep climbing as they have for the past thirty years , the country will emit more of those gases in the next thirty years than the United States has in its entire history .
So the question is no longer whether China is equipped to play a role in combatting climate change but how that role will affect other countries .
David Sandalow , the U.S. Assistant Secretary of Energy for Policy and International Affairs , has been to China five times in five months .
He told me , “ China ’s investment in clean energy is extraordinary . ”
For America , he added , the implication is clear : “ Unless the U.S. makes investments , we are not competitive in the clean - tech sector in the years and decades to come . ”
One of the firms that are part of the 863 Program is Goldwind Science and Technology Company .
It operates a plant and a laboratory in a cluster of high - tech companies in an outlying district of Beijing called Yizhuang , which has been trying to rebrand itself with the name E - Town .
( China has been establishing high - tech clusters since the late nineteen - eighties , after scientists returned from abroad with news of Silicon Valley and Route 128 . )
Yizhuang was a royal hunting ground under the last emperor , but , as E - Town , it has the sweeping asphalt vistas of a suburban office park , around blocks of reflective - glass buildings , occupied by Nokia , Bosch , and other corporations .
Local planning officials have embraced the vocabulary of a new era ; E - Town , they say , will be a model not only of e-business but also of e-government , e-community , e-knowledge , and e-parks .
When I reached Goldwind , the first thing I saw was a spirited soccer game under way on a field in the center of the campus .
An artificial rock - climbing wall covered one side of the glass - and - steel research center .
I met the chairman , Wu Gang , in his office on the third floor , and I asked about the sports .
“ We employ several coaches and music teachers , ” he said .
“ They do training for our staff . ”
A pair of pushup bars rested on the carpet beside his desk .
At fifty - one years old , Wu is tall , with wire - rim glasses , rumpled black hair , and the broad shoulders of a swimmer .
( “ I can do the butterfly , ” he said . )
For fun , he sings Peking opera .
Wu said that he had not been a robust child : “ My education was very serious .
Just learning , learning , learning .
I wanted to jump out of that ! ”
Wu integrates his hobbies into his work life in the manner of a California entrepreneur .
He once led seventeen people , including seven Goldwind employees , on a mountaineering expedition across Mt. Bogda , in the Tian Shan range , in western China .
“ We Chinese are very weak in this field — teamwork , ” Wu said .
He recently put his workers on a five - year self - improvement regimen ; among the corporate announcements on Goldwind ’s Web site , the company now posts its in - house sports reports .
( “ All the vigorous and valiant players shot and dunked frequently , ” according to a recent basketball report on a game between factory workers . )
Wu was born and raised in the far - western region of Xinjiang , home to vast plains and peaks that create natural wind tunnels , with gusts so ferocious that they can sweep trains from their tracks .
In the nineteen - eighties , engineers from Europe began arriving in Xinjiang , in order to test their wind turbines , and in 1987 Wu , then a young engineer in charge of an early Chinese wind farm , worked alongside engineers from Denmark , a center of wind - power research .
He immersed himself in the mechanics of turbines —
“ Where are their stomachs , and where are their hearts ? ” he said .
In 1997 , state science officials offered him the project of building a six - hundred - kilowatt turbine , small by international standards but still unknown territory in China .
Many recipients of government research funding simply used the money to conduct their experiments and move on , but some , like Wu , saw the cash as the kernel of a business .
He figured that every dollar from the government could attract more than ten dollars in bank loans :
“ We can show them , ‘ This is money we got from the science ministry . ’ ”
Wu saw little reason to start from zero : Goldwind licensed a design from Jacobs Energie , a German company .
Manufacturing was not as simple .
Early attempts were a “ terrible failure , ” Wu said .
“ Whole blades dropped off . ”
He shook his head .
“ The main shafts broke .
It was really very dangerous . ”
Goldwind shut down for three months .
The company eventually solved the problems , and , with the help of 863 and other government funding , it expanded into a full range of large and sophisticated turbines .
Many of them were licensed from abroad , but , as they were built in China , they sold for a third less than European and American rivals .
Goldwind ’s sales doubled every year from 2000 to 2008 .
In 2007 , Wu took the company public , and garnered nearly two hundred million dollars .
China has made up so much ground on clean tech in part through protectionism — until recently , wind farms were required to use turbines with locally manufactured parts .
The requirement went into effect in 2003 ; by the time it was lifted , six years later , Chinese turbines dominated the local market .
In fact , the policy worked too well : China ’s wind farms have grown so fast that , according to estimates , between twenty and thirty per cent are n’t actually generating electricity .
A surplus of factories was only part of the problem : local bureaucrats , it turned out , were being rewarded not for how much electricity they generated but for how much equipment they installed — a blunder that is often cited by skeptics of China ’s efforts .
They have a point ; many factories are churning out cheap , unreliable turbines , because the government lacks sufficient technical standards .
But the grid problem is probably temporary .
China is already buying and installing the world ’s most efficient transmission lines — “ an area where China has actually moved ahead of the U.S. , ” according to Deborah Seligsohn , a senior fellow at the World Resources Institute .
In the next decade , China plans to install wind - power equipment capable of generating nearly five times the power of the Three Gorges Dam , the world ’s largest producer .
After I met with Wu Gang , the company ’s director of strategy and global development , Zhou Tong , an elegant woman in her thirties , handed me a hard hat and walked me next door to the turbine - assembly plant , an immaculate four - story hangar filled with workers in orange jumpsuits piecing together turbine parts that were as big and spacey - looking as Airstream trailers .
The turbines were astonishing pieces of equipment — large enough so that some manufacturers put helicopter pads on top — and the technical complexity dispelled any lingering image I had of Chinese factories as rows of unskilled workers stooped over cheap electronics .
Wandering among the turbines , we passed some Ping - Pong tables , where a competition was under way , and stopped in front of a shiny white dome that looked like the nose of a passenger jet .
It was a rotor hub — the point where blades intersect — and it was part of Goldwind ’s newest treasure , a turbine large enough to generate 2.5 megawatts of electricity , its largest yet .
“ Wow , this is a 2.5 ! ” Zhou exclaimed .
“ I saw the first one in Germany .
This is the first one I ’ve seen here . ”
Wu was set to unveil the new turbine at a press conference the next day .
A flatbed truck , loaded with turbine parts and idling in the doorway , was bound for wind farms throughout Manchuria .
The prospect of a future powered by the sun and the wind is so appealing that it obscures a less charming fact : coal is going nowhere soon .
Even the most optimistic forecasts agree that China and the United States , for the foreseeable future , will remain ravenous consumers .
( China burns more coal than America , Europe , and Japan combined . )
As Julio Friedmann , an energy expert at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , near San Francisco , told me , “ The decisions that China and the U.S. make in the next five years in the coal sector will determine the future of this century . ”
In 2001 , the 863 Program launched a “ clean coal ” project , and Yao Qiang , a professor of thermal engineering at Beijing ’s Tsinghua University , was appointed to the committee in charge .
He said that its purpose is simple : to spur innovation of ideas so risky and expensive that no private company will attempt them alone .
The government is not trying to ordain which technologies will prevail ; the notion of attempting to pick “ winners and losers ” is as unpopular among Chinese technologists as it is in Silicon Valley .
Rather ,
Yao sees his role as trying to insure that promising ideas have a chance to contend at all .
“ If the government does nothing , the technology is doomed to fail , ” he said .
Grants from the 863 Program flowed to places like the Thermal Power Research Institute , based in the ancient city of Xi’an , in the center of China ’s coal country .
“ The impact was huge , ” Xu Shisen , the chief engineer at the institute , told me over lunch recently .
“ Take our project , for example , ” he said , referring to an experimental power plant that , if successful , will produce very low emissions .
“ Without 863 , the technology would have been delayed for years . ”
After lunch , a pair of engineers took me to see their laboratory : a drab eight - story concrete building , crammed with so many pipes and ducts that it felt like the engine room of a ship .
We climbed the stairs to the fourth floor and stepped into a room with sacks of coal samples lining the walls like sandbags .
In the center of the room was a device that looked like a household boiler , although it was three times the usual size , and pipes and wires bristled from the top and the sides .
It was an experimental coal “ gasifier , ” which uses intense pressure and heat to turn coal dust into a gas that can be burned with less waste , rather than burning coal the old - fashioned way .
With a coal gasifier , it is far easier to extract greenhouse emissions , so that they can be stored or reused , instead of floating into the atmosphere .
Gasifiers have been around for decades , but they are expensive — from five hundred million to more than two billion dollars for the power - plant size — so hardly any American utilities use them .
The researchers in Xi’an , however , set out to make one better and cheaper .
“ Yes , you ’re a bad boy .
Be that bad criminal , man — own it ! ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
One of the engineers , Xu Yue , joined the gasifier project in 1997 .
A team of ten worked in twelve - hour shifts , conducting their experiments around the clock .
“ There was a bed there , ” he said , pointing to the corner of a soot - stained control room .
( The image of China as a nation of engineers toiling for pennies is overstated ; Xu Yue works hard , but he earns around a hundred thousand dollars a year . )
Beyond salaries , everything about the lab was cheaper than it would have been in the U.S. , from the land on which it was built to the cost of heating the building , and when the gasifier was finished it had a price tag one - third to one - half that of the equivalent in the West .
Editor 's note :
For the 21st straight year , our friends at Scripps Howard News Service have spanned the globe to get the Super Bowl picks from some of today 's hottest stars .
And yesterday's .
And a few from a couple of days ago .
The winner gets the Scripps Howard Super Sage Award trophy .
Out of the more than 100 famous folks who made predictions , 62 believe that the Indianapolis Colts will win Super Bowl XLIV , and 41 picked the New Orleans Saints .
The defending champ , actress and former Miss Panama Patricia De Leon , is going with the Saints -- and has a breakdown of the score if it rains and if it does n't .
Below are picks from athletes , entertainers , politicians , TV stars -- even a former director of the CIA .
Feel free to spy on them .
Courses
These are free , online courses that the P2 PU community uses to facilitate learning circles .
If you ca n’t find what you ’re looking for , you can add an online course to the database or create your own .
I have made Moussaka many times before but did n't have my favorite recipe with me ( It is from a book I bought in the 60's , " How Not to Miss the Cocktail Hour " , lol ! ) .
I used Top Round Lamb steak and chopped it into small bits , which was very good , but I think it would have been just as good , possibly better , had I not cut it so small and just braised it longer .
I actually put more cinnamon in , because my very favorite part of Moussaka is the lovely contrast of the sweet scent of the cinnamon with the savory taste of the other ingredients ,
If I make it again I will add even more because it was n't enough ( I put in the cinnamon stick and 1/4 teaspoon ) .
I put the breadcrumbs ON the eggplant before sauteing them , ( that I remembered from my old recipe ) .
I had read the previous reviews before beginning and also did n't see the point of the potatoes , so I left them out .
I agree with the comment that the recipe for the cheese sauce was sloppily written .
I could likely make it in my sleep so I did n't worry about it , but I can see someone who is just learning having a hard time ... 30 minutes indeed !!
I had to raise the temperature of the oven for the last 10 minutes because the top had n't gotten golden yet and I like it that way .
All in all , I think I am going to try to find a copy of that old cookbook the recipe I loved was in .
If I am going to make something this complicated and time consuming , I want it to be more memorable .
There were lots of other recipes in that cookbook that made spending time with my guests more enjoyable as well .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
By Rajesh Mirchandani
BBC News , Vancouver
As Vancouver prepares to host the Winter Olympics , the city continues to struggle with a vicious drugs war .
Dozens have been killed in escalating turf battles that have spread far beyond the city limits .
But it is a war that has its roots even further away , in Mexico .
It rains a lot in Vancouver , but this city 's ambition will not be dampened .
Olympic organisers have spent nearly $ 2bn ( US $ 1.87bn ; £ 1.2 bn ) to showcase a confident , modern metropolis to the world .
But barely a mile from the gleaming stadium that will host the opening ceremony , there is another Vancouver no - one is proud of .
The Downtown Eastside is a clump of rundown hotels and liquor stores .
It is teeming with pushers , pimps and prostitutes , and home to one of the worst drug problems in North America .
People use drugs openly in the neighbourhood 's alleyways " Heroin , crack , pot every type of drug you want , you can get it here , " a man tells me .
" Do you have any pills ? " a young woman asks , her red hair starting to drip in the rain .
She is looking to buy a $ 1 valium tablet , because she does not have $ 10 ( £ 6 ) for heroin .
" Pretty much everything is $ 10 , " I am told .
" This is Drug Central . "
In a dingy alleyway , I met Shirley , smoking crack behind a dumpster .
She told me she was 40 and had been doing drugs since she was 14 .
She used to sell her body .
Now she " shuffles " - ferries around small amounts of drugs for dealers in exchange for money .
She starts to prepare something called a speedball , heroin mixed with cocaine .
She tells me she wants me to see the reality of addiction , but it is difficult to watch .
' Middle - class gangsters '
There are many like Shirley in the Downtown Eastside .
They are the lowest rung of a vicious food chain .
[ The Olympics ] scrutiny actually puts more pressure on us to fix these problems sooner rather than later
Gregor Robertson
Vancouver mayor Dozens have been killed in Vancouver 's drug wars .
Police say more than 100 gangs carve up a lucrative trade .
And it is a problem that extends far beyond the city limits .
An hour to the east , in the lush Fraser Valley , lies Abbotsford , a town that once offered quiet , middle - class suburbia .
Seventeen - year - old Mathea Sturm walks me past her school gates .
Five of her schoolmates died in as many months last year , and the town saw a spate of drug - related killings .
" It 's still pretty hard to deal with the fact that we 've lost a lot of people , " she says .
" It was a peaceful town , you could walk around at 11 at night Then , all of a sudden , all this it was sort of a big pandemic . "
Abbotsford 's comfortable homes and neat lawns have spawned a peculiarly middle - class breed of gangster .
The police know who and where they are , they just wait for evidence and the right opportunity .
As I drive along with Pc Marcus Senft , he points out a sizeable house in an upscale cul - de-sac , the home of a notorious crime family .
There are bars on the front door and he tells me the SUV in the driveway sports bullet - proof windows .
" Yeah , there 's definitely some fear in this neighbourhood , " he says .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
On the outskirts of town , we drive to Zero Avenue , the US border .
" There 's no fence , " Pc Senft says , " just a big field . "
Canada and the US share one of the longest land borders in the world .
Here , it consists of a ditch , a few feet separating two countries .
It looks easy to jump across .
Within minutes of our arrival , a US border guard drives up .
He said he had spotted us on hidden cameras , but admitted it was impossible to stop everyone - or everything - coming over illegally .
Heroin project Locally - grown marijuana - called " BC bud " - is smuggled south to the US and Mexico .
Cocaine and weapons come north .
Mostly it is hidden in lorries , but it also comes across the fields around Abbotsford and other border towns .
This porous frontier has become a frontline .
But the war started far away : the escalation in Canada 's violence is a result of a crackdown by Mexican authorities on drug gangs there .
The Downtown Eastside sits just outside the main business centre " Everything is global now , " says Supt Pat Fogarty , of British Columbia 's Combined Forces Special Enforcement Unit , which tackles organised crime in the region .
" When the war started , the cartels were too busy fighting the Mexican government ... which caused a breakdown in the distribution lines , so people were n't getting their drugs , " he says .
" There would be territorial takeovers , rip - offs , a variety of things that caused tension
If you look at the time in which this disruption occurred in Mexico and the disruption that occurred here , you can see the correlation between the two , " he adds .
Against this backdrop , Vancouver is sprucing up and preparing to host the world .
The Olympic Games have brought some regeneration funds to the Downtown Eastside , but Mayor Gregor Robertson insists the city authorities are not glossing over their problems .
" We need to solve them , " he told me .
" And I think that kind of scrutiny actually puts more pressure on us to fix these problems sooner rather than later . "
The mayor supports a controversial project in the Downtown Eastside called InSite , the only place in North America where it is legal to inject heroin .
InSite won a legal exemption , allowing the project to operate .
On the ground floor they offer free syringes and a nurse to monitor against overdoses ; upstairs , a rehab centre for those who want to quit .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Those running it claim a higher quit - rate than any official programme , and a lower rate of HIV infection through shared needles .
Opponents , and there are many , say it condones drugs use .
It is a highly unusual project in a city known for being progressive .
But it is not enough to clean up the Downtown Eastside .
Vancouver 's problems will last long after the Olympic spirit has left .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are many facets to what makes a good , innovative company , these days .
Great products .
Competitive prices .
Top - notch service and support .
A symbiotic relationship with one ’s customers .
Even the Pentagon , it seems , is in on that last one .
Go to the Defense Department ’s Web site and you ’ll find a contact us button–and , rather unsurprisingly , you ’ll find it gets used a lot .
As well as all the usual conspiracy theorists ’ twaddle , some people take it upon themselves to suggest ways that the U.S. Army could do better …
“ Bears have scent detection that is far superior to bloodhounds , ” reads one idea .
“ Trained bears with GPS and day / night cameras around their necks might be able to hunt down the scent of Osama Bin Laden , even in and through any caves and tunnels .
Overnight , parachute some bears into areas Osama Bin Laden might be .
Attempt to train bears to take off parachutes after landing , or use parachutes that self - destruct after landing . ”
First of all , it seems , train your bear .
Whether you sell physical or digital products online , at some point you ’ll experience a credit card chargeback no matter how good your customer service is or how great your products are .
Now before I begin , I want to explain the definition of a credit card chargeback .
As you know , whenever you buy anything with a credit card , the credit card company protects you from any sort of fraud that a merchant might commit .
This includes incorrect amounts charged to your card , failure to deliver the goods as promised or shipping faulty or damaged products .
When any of these things happen , you can call your credit card company and they will issue you a refund if certain conditions are met .
This protection is one of the primary reasons why I always use my credit card to make any large purchase .
However as with everything in life , credit card chargebacks can be abused by your customer at your expense whenever you sell something online .
First off , I want to say that our online wedding linens store has only experienced 3 or 4 chargebacks in the last 9 years of business and we have won them all .
However for my online course , I ’ve probably gotten closer to 7 or 8 in the last 5 years and my track record for winning has n’t been nearly as good .
Recently however , I won my last 2 digital course chargebacks which is the main reason why I ’m writing this post today .
In the past , winning a digital download related chargeback was nearly impossible .
But today , there are many ways to fight your case .
The key point is that no matter what you sell , whether it be digital or physical , there are many things that you can do to prevent chargebacks .
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
Reasons For A Customer Filing A Credit Card Chargeback
Some chargeback claims are legit but there will always be customers who abuse the system .
The amount of sleazy customers that you have really depends on your clientele and what you sell .
My buddy who sells electronics has had many more problems than I ’ve had because there are many more ways to complain about non functional electronic merchandise .
That is why I always stress that it ’s important to sell something that is n’t fragile or easily damaged during shipment .
Most chargebacks usually involve one of the following situations .
A customer claims you never delivered the product .
Incidentally , this is the easiest one to dispute .
you never delivered the product .
Incidentally , this is the easiest one to dispute .
A customer claims you shipped them something broken
you shipped them something broken A customer claims that they never ordered the product
that they never ordered the product A customer claims that they issued a return but you never refunded their money .
Fighting Chargebacks For Physical Products
On the surface , you would think that fighting a physical product chargeback would be easy and straightforward .
You simply send the credit card company proof of delivery and voila !
You win right ?
Not quite …
Just because you have proof of delivery does not mean you will win .
In fact , if the customer is deliberately trying to defraud your company , you must take active measures to not lose money .
Here are a bunch of things you can do to prevent chargebacks .
To prevent undelivered product claims , the solution is simple .
Use a delivery service that offers delivery confirmation .
FedEx and UPS offer it for free and USPS offers a notification service at a minimal cost .
This is required !!
Do n’t go cheap and not pay for it because you will definitely be asked for this information .
, the solution is simple .
Use a delivery service that offers delivery confirmation .
FedEx and UPS offer it for free and USPS offers a notification service at a minimal cost .
This is required !!
Do n’t go cheap and not pay for it because you will definitely be asked for this information .
If the order is greater than $ 250 , always pay for signature confirmation .
Having a signature on the package will help fight claims where the customer claims the order was never received even though it ’s marked as delivered .
, always pay for signature confirmation .
Having a signature on the package will help fight claims where the customer claims the order was never received even though it ’s marked as delivered .
To prevent broken merchandise claims during shipping , always purchase shipping insurance if your items are fragile .
If the goods arrive at their destination with visible damage to the packaging , have the customer refuse shipment or have the carrier return to sender so you can file a claim .
Make sure you clearly document the timeframe with which to handle these claims and make sure that the customer does n’t throw away the packaging .
Usually , the insurance process takes a long time so you need to file a claim asap .
, always purchase shipping insurance if your items are fragile .
If the goods arrive at their destination with visible damage to the packaging , have the customer refuse shipment or have the carrier return to sender so you can file a claim .
To handle claims of broken merchandise not caused by shipping , you can do one of two things .
You can have the customer contact the manufacturer directly if the item is under warranty or you can have them ship the item back to you .
Once again , make sure your return policy is very clear about the timeframe and the RMA process .
, you can do one of two things .
You can have the customer contact the manufacturer directly if the item is under warranty or you can have them ship the item back to you .
Once again , make sure your return policy is very clear about the timeframe and the RMA process .
If the customer claims that they never ordered the product , make sure you have clear documentation of their order .
Never ship any merchandise to an address other than the billing address for the credit card .
, make sure you have clear documentation of their order .
Never ship any merchandise to an address other than the billing address for the credit card .
Finally if a customer claims to have made a return , ask for a confirmation number .
If they ca n’t produce one , then the credit card company will likely not issue a chargeback .
When You Ca n’t Obey All The Rules
While most of the items above are common sense , there are times when you ca n’t obey all of these rules without potentially pissing a customer off .
For example if you refuse to ship to a different address other than the billing address over the holidays , you ’re going to lose a lot of business .
This is when you have to do some due diligence for yourself and make a judgement call .
First off , any customer who makes a large order and pays for rush delivery to an address other than the billing address REQUIRES scrutiny .
Here ’s what I do for all suspicious orders .
I check the IP address of the customer .
If the delivery address is in the United States and the IP is somewhere outside of the country , it ’s a huge red flag !
I almost never ship the order .
We do this check manually for certain orders but you can use a service like MaxMind to do this check automatically with your shopping cart .
If you sell high ticket items like electronics , then it ’s probably worth the money
.
If the delivery address is in the United States and the IP is somewhere outside of the country , it ’s a huge red flag !
I almost never ship the order .
We do this check manually for certain orders but you can use a service like MaxMind to do this check automatically with your shopping cart .
If you sell high ticket items like electronics , then it ’s probably worth the money I call the customer .
Especially if the order needs to be rushed , I ’ll call the customer and ask exactly what their deadline is and why they need their items so quickly .
From there , it ’s a judgement call based on your conversation .
If the person seems legit , then go ahead and ship the order .
.
Especially if the order needs to be rushed , I ’ll call the customer and ask exactly what their deadline is and why they need their items so quickly .
From there , it ’s a judgement call based on your conversation .
If the person seems legit , then go ahead and ship the order .
I stalk the customer .
You ’d be surprised how much information you can find about an individual just by doing a few searches online .
Sometimes an innocent Google search may turn up a scam .
In any case , I do the “ customer stalk ” as a last resort if I ’m still not sure about the validity of a purchase after doing the first 2 items above
Fighting Chargebacks For Digital Products
Winning a chargeback for a digital product is much much harder than winning a chargeback for a physical product .
With a physical product , you have proof of delivery but with digital , you basically have nothing but a receipt .
That is why you have to go out of your way to track people who buy your digital goods if you want to have any hope of winning a chargeback .
Here ’s what I do .
For context , I run a membership site called Create A Profitable Online Store .
And when anyone accesses my info product , they have to login .
Whenever someone logs in , I track their IP address and every single page that they ’ve accessed on my site and for how long .
If you ever get a chargeback , you may need to show all of this activity to the credit card company .
One of the ways I track digital customers is by using a service called Intercom.io .
Now this service was intended to be used as an email marketing tool that triggers based on user activity .
However , it works really well as a customer tracking tool and it ’s 100 % free !
Here ’s an example of what Intercom.io can tell you
I also track customer behavior in Google Analytics by using custom variables that allow me to know who is doing what .
Finally , I also keep track of all email correspondence and forum usage on my site .
The last 2 chargebacks I received were from people who claimed that “ they never signed up for the class ” .
So when I got the chargeback , I pulled server logs of every one of their sessions , their IP address and a copy of all email correspondence .
The IP address they used to make the purchase matched their location and all of the logins occurred from the same IP address .
When I presented the evidence to the credit card company , they denied the charge back .
The Key To Winning Chargebacks
In general , your chances of winning a credit card dispute are greatly improved if you maintain good documentation .
Always handle all correspondence via email if possible so you have a precise record of all conversations .
One other thing that I suggest is to make sure that your store name is what appears on a customer ’s credit card monthly statement .
When I first set up our credit card merchant account , I set it to a shorthand version of our store name .
This caused some confusion for certain customers because they did n’t recognize our store name in their monthly statement .
I would also go as far as to document the shipping and returns policy on every single document that a customer sees .
This includes the invoice and at least a mention during the checkout process .
Overall , I do n’t worry too much about chargebacks .
There are checks and balances on both ends to prevent fraud .
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
Seen one of those TV ads attacking healthcare reform ?
Chances are , it may have been paid for by a health insurance company funneling money through the US Chamber of Commerce — who then funneled it to one of two front groups it created specifically aimed at derailing or watering down the Democrats ’ healthcare reform bill .
According to National Journal veteran investigative correspondent Peter Stone , some $ 10 to $ 20 million of health insurer money was funneled into the Chamber of Commerce , which then doled it out to its anti-healthcare groups , Campaign for Responsible Health Reform and Employers for a Healthy Economy .
ADVERTISEMENT
The insurers who contributed to the anti-reform effort purportedly were : Aetna , Cigna , Humana , Kaiser Foundation Health Plans , UnitedHealth Group and Wellpoint .
Each insurer reportedly gave at least $ 1 million to the campaign , with some insurers contributions totaling in the multi-millions .
America ’s Health Insurance Plans , the insurers ’ lobbying group , “ wanted to do this through a third party because of what happened with the Harry and Louise ads , ” a source told Stone .
“ The goal was to get a message out there to make sure the public understood the serious shortcomings of the legislative proposals . ”
The Harry and Louise ads were a highly successful ad campaign that helped unravel President Bill Clinton ’s attempts to reform the healthcare industry .
But they were paid for directly by the insurance companies , stoking ire among liberals .
Bruce Josten , top lobbyist for the Chamber of Commerce , refused to comment on the insurers ’ donations .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ No comment , ” he said .
“ We never disclose funding or what we ’re going to do . ”
The Chamber has spent between $ 70 million and $ 100 million on their healthcare ad drive to date , Stone says .
In June , the Chamber announced they ’d be spending up to $ 100 million on an ad campaign to “ promote the free market , ” though it ’s unclear if the healthcare drive was part of that push .
The following ads ran on behalf of one of the Chamber ’s front groups , potentially receiving money from the health insurance industry .
ADVERTISEMENT
SAGINAW , MI — Insisting that no one was allowed to touch the small pile of foliage on the dining room table , local …
Django 1.2 beta 1 released
As part of the Django 1.2 release process , tonight we 've released Django 1.2 beta 1 , a preview / testing package that gives a little taste of some of the new features coming in Django 1.2 .
As with all alpha and beta packages , this is not for production use , but if you 'd like to try out some of the new goodies coming in 1.2 , or if you 'd like to pitch in and help us fix bugs before the final 1.2 release ( due in April ) , feel free to grab a copy and give it a spin .
You can get a copy of the 1.2 beta package from our downloads page , and we recommend you read the release notes .
Also , for the security conscious , signed MD5 and SHA1 checksums of the 1.2 beta package are available .
Also , note that this release constitutes the final feature freeze for Django 1.2 .
No further new feature development will take place before the final 1.2 release ; only bugfix work will be accepted in trunk until 1.2 lands .
The detailing of the corner of the building , where the long facade ends and the gable starts , is extremely important for the overall experience of the architecture of this building .
It emphasizes the cross sectional shape of the building , and finishes the long facade of the building , which starts as a facade and slowly becomes roof .
The construction ( pine ) and cladding ( Western Red Cedar ) are made of wood .
Only the curved girders are made of steel .
This was done to emphasis the tube - like shape of the interior , which would have been less strong using twice as high wooden girders .
All vertical walls in the stable and office are clad with beech plywood .
The stable is designed to make it possible for the public to visit the building and experience the keeping of sheep up close .
At one end of the building , on the second floor , a room for the shepherd and a small office is realized .
There are sleeping facilities for the shepherd , who has to stay over night in case any sheep are lambing .
Work in and around the stable will be done by , amongst others , people who live with a mental social or psychiatric disability , supervised by the shepherd .
Apart from the public function , the Muslim community of Almere will be able to buy the lambs they need for yearly ritual purposes.via 70 f
11 hours ago
Trump Now Claims He Does n’t Know Who Proud Boys Are After Explicitly Telling Them To ‘ Stand By ’
At one point last week , the Dallas Stars had the chance to pull within one point of eighth place in the Western Conference , something that seemed a distant and unattainable goal halfway through January .
Yet with another poor offensive effort on the road , the Stars failed to take advantage and have now fallen back to five points behind the Calgary Flames .
The Dallas Stars have four games remaining before the Olympic break , and just five before the March 3rd trade deadline .
It 's a tough schedule that forces many hard decisions , but that 's the reality in the 2010 season .
With the Stars on the cusp , seemingly all season long , of breaking out and making a jump , it 's been frustrating to watch this team fall short time and time again .
The Dallas Stars have not won three games in a row since March , 2009 .
Joe Nieuwendyk and Jeff Cogen have stated this past week that they are committed to making and maintaining this team competitive .
We 've known all season long that changes need to be made to get the Stars back to a higher level , yet financial restrictions have negated most of the options that the team has .
Add to the equation the number of potential free agents on the team , as well as a wealth of young talent that will be tough to part with and you have a tough task ahead for the rookie General Manager .
The key to how the rest of the season plays out , both on the ice and in the front office , lies in the next four games .
It 's simple really .
If the Dallas Stars do n't make up any ground in the standings this week , then the chances of Nieuwendyk making big moves for a playoff run go down .
Buyers .
If the Stars find themselves facing a near insurmountable deficit , then Joe is looking towards this summer and next season and focusing on building the team for the future .
Sellers .
The first scenario means a Marty Turco trade is highly unlikely .
The second one most likely leads to Turco leaving .
The first means that of the Big Seven ( Richards , Morrow , Ribeiro , Eriksson , Neal , Benn , Robidas ) , none are gone , and most likely not leaving anyway .
But a team going into firesale mode opens up many more options for themselves as to who they are willing to part with for high value return .
I understand that the majority of Stars fans want this team to change many of it's parts , to build for the future and are somewhat willing to part with major pieces of this current team to make that happen .
It 's the sad reality of how teams rebuild .
Yet the best thing that could happen for this Dallas Stars franchise is to win three of the next four , sit in 9th place heading into the break , and focus on making the playoffs .
Why , you might ask ?
For one , a team that at least plays in the first round of the playoffs finds their internal finances beefed with a sudden flow of new income .
Every team budgets their season on NOT making the playoffs ; anything extra is a bonus .
This is extremely important for a franchise that is handcuffed by strict financial guidelines , one that has been forced to sit well below the salary cap all season long .
There is no sign of the Stars lifting those restrictions this summer , no matter what Nieuwendyk or Cogen might say .
Tough to rebuild a team over the summer , through trade and free agency if you can't actually spend money .
The Dallas Stars NEED to make the playoffs , for the future well being of this franchise .
Now , Nieuwendyk wo n't stand pat at the trade deadline if the Stars are contenders , but he 's not going to be selling the farm either .
Which makes the next four games so important .
And when you look at how tough these four games are going to be , then you realize just how big a hole the Stars have dug for themselves .
Home against Phoenix .
AT Chicago .
AT Calgary .
AT Phoenix .
Done .
These four games , including three straight on the road , will determine the fate of this season .
The Stars have matched up surprisingly well against Chicago , and we all know what 's been happening against the Coyotes .
Let 's be as optimistic as possible , and say the Stars win tonight at home against Phoenix and and in Chicago , but most likely lose in Arizona a week from now .
That makes the Calgary game that much more important , and this is a Flames team that has found new life after trading away Dion Phaneuf for a slew of goal scorers and a talented defenseman .
3 - 1 - 0 in the next four games would be as best we can hope for .
Anything less could be devastating .
It all starts tonight .
New York , New York - July 31 , 2019 – New York attorney Sean O’Loughlin announced today that release of President Trump ’s New York State individual tax returns by New York State under the Trust Act to the House of Representatives … [ Read more ]
Like the credit default swaps that hid Greece ’s obligations , the instruments weighing on our municipalities were brought to us by the creative minds of Wall Street .
The rocket scientists crafting the products got backup from swap advisers , a group of conflicted promoters who consulted municipalities and other issuers .
Both of these camps peddled swaps as a way for tax - exempt debt issuers to reduce their financing costs .
Now , however , the promised benefits of these swaps have mutated into enormous , and sometimes smothering , expenses .
Making matters worse , issuers who want out of the arrangements -- swap contracts typically run for 30 years -- must pay up in order to escape .
That ’s right .
Issuers are essentially paying twice for flawed deals that bestowed great riches on the bankers and advisers who sold them .
Taxpayers should be outraged , but to be angry you have to be informed -- and few taxpayers may even know that the complicated arrangements exist .
Here ’s how municipal swaps worked ( in theory ) :
Say an issuer needed to raise money and prevailing rates for fixed - rate debt were 5 percent .
A swap allowed issuers to reduce the interest rate they paid on their debt to , say , 4.5 percent , while still paying what was effectively a fixed rate .
Nothing wrong with that , right ?
Sales presentations for these instruments , no surprise , accentuated the positives in them .
“ Derivative products are unique in the history of financial innovation , ” gushed a pitch from Citigroup in November 2007 about a deal entered into by the Florida Keys Aqueduct Authority .
Another selling point : “ Swaps have become widely accepted by the rating agencies as an appropriate financial tool . ”
And , the presentation said , they can be easily unwound ( for a fee , of course ) .
But these arrangements were riddled with risks , as issuers are finding out .
The swaps were structured to generate a stream of income to the issuer -- like your hometown -- that was tethered to a variable interest rate .
Variable rates can rise or fall wildly if economic circumstances change .
Banks that executed the swaps received fixed payments from the issuers .
The contracts , however , assumed that economic and financial circumstances would be relatively stable and that interest rates used in the deals would stay in a narrow range .
The exact opposite occurred : the financial system went into a tailspin two years ago , and rates plummeted .
The auction - rate securities market , used by issuers to set their interest payments to bondholders , froze up .
As a result , these rates rose .
For municipalities , that meant they were stuck with contracts that forced them to pay out a much higher interest rate than they were receiving in return .
Sure , the rate plunge was unforeseen , but it was not an impossibility .
And the impact of such a possible decline was rarely highlighted in sales presentations , municipal experts say .
The problem , not too surprisingly , lies in the Senate , and mainly , though not entirely , with Republicans .
The House has already passed a fairly strong reform bill , more or less along the lines proposed by the Obama administration , and the Senate could probably do the same if it operated on the principle of majority rule .
But it does n’t -- and when you combine near - universal Republican opposition to serious reform with the wavering of some Democrats , prospects look bleak .
How did we get to this point ?
And should reform advocates accept the compromises that might yet produce some kind of bill ?
Many opponents of the House version of banking reform present their position as one of principle .
House Republicans , offering their alternative proposal , claimed that they would end banking excesses by introducing “ market discipline ” -- basically , by promising not to rescue banks in the future .
But that ’s a fantasy .
For one thing , governments always , when push comes to shove , end up rescuing key financial institutions in a crisis .
And more broadly , relying on the magic of the market to keep banks safe has always been a path to disaster .
Even Adam Smith knew that : he may have been the father of free - market economics , but he argued that bank regulation was as necessary as fire codes on urban buildings , and called for a ban on high - risk , high - interest lending , the 18th - century version of subprime .
And the lesson has been confirmed again and again , from the Panic of 1873 to Iceland today .
I suspect that even Republicans , in their hearts , understand the need for real reform .
But their strategy of opposing anything the Obama administration proposes , coupled with the lure of financial - industry dollars -- back in December top Republican leaders huddled with bank lobbyists to coordinate their campaigns against reform -- has trumped all other considerations .
That said , some Republicans might , just possibly , be persuaded to sign on to a much - weakened version of reform -- in particular , one that eliminates a key plank of the Obama administration ’s proposals , the creation of a strong , independent agency protecting consumers .
Should Democrats accept such a watered - down reform ?
I say no .
There are times when even a highly imperfect reform is much better than nothing ; this is very much the case for health care .
But financial reform is different .
An imperfect health care bill can be revised in the light of experience , and if Democrats pass the current plan there will be steady pressure to make it better .
A weak financial reform , by contrast , would n’t be tested until the next big crisis .
All it would do is create a false sense of security and a fig leaf for politicians opposed to any serious action -- then fail in the clinch .
Better , then , to take a stand , and put the enemies of reform on the spot .
And by all means let ’s highlight the dispute over a proposed Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
There ’s no question that consumers need much better protection .
The late Edward Gramlich -- a Federal Reserve official who tried in vain to get Alan Greenspan to act against predatory lending -- summarized the case perfectly back in 2007 : “ Why are the most risky loan products sold to the least sophisticated borrowers ?
The question answers itself -- the least sophisticated borrowers are probably duped into taking these products . ”
Is it important that this protection be provided by an independent agency ?
It must be , or lobbyists would n’t be campaigning so hard to prevent that agency ’s creation .
And it ’s not hard to see why .
Some have argued that the job of protecting consumers can and should be done either by the Fed or -- as in one compromise that at this point seems unlikely -- by a unit within the Treasury Department .
But remember , not that long ago Mr. Greenspan was Fed chairman and John Snow was Treasury secretary .
Case closed .
The only way consumers will be protected under future antiregulation administrations -- and believe me , given the power of the financial lobby , there will be such administrations -- is if there ’s an agency whose whole reason for being is to police bank abuses .
In summary , then , it ’s time to draw a line in the sand .
No reform , coupled with a campaign to name and shame the people responsible , is better than a cosmetic reform that just covers up failure to act .
The big banks are out of control .
And when Bush , with congressional acquiescence , fed them $ 700 billion with absolutelythey went even further into predatory overdrive .
Andhas slowed down the feeding frenzy .
It 's as though the banksters are basically saying to government , " We bought you , we own you , STFU and do what you 're told , " and by and large , they do .
Just yesterday I was driving home listening to NPR discuss the agency Obama proposed to keep banks from ripping off consumers -- something like the agencies that try to keep poisoned meat off the markets .
Of course conservatives opposed that too , so it should come as no surprise that they 're just as vehemently against a consumer protection saw in the financial markets -- more so , in fact .
But with the financial sector shoveling close to $ 4into federal - level lobbying since 1998 and with these same characters spending another $ 1.4 billion in direct payoffs ( aka - " campaign contributions " ) -- $ 734,153,778 to Republicans and $ 628,206,085 to Democrats -- members of Congress find it beyond their own limited capacity to seriously take on the banksters .
On the NPR show , nearly half the man - on - the - street interviews were with people opposed to consumer protection , utterly brainwashed by right - wing propaganda , spouting nonsense about " bigger government , " etc .
This weekend Gretchen Morgenson warned in thethat the shenanigans the banksters have pulled on Greece are headed this way .
The banksters are calling in all their favors -- and it's very bipartisan ( just the way it was when they demanded the bailout in 2008 ) .
They want the Consumer Financial Protection Agency either just killed outright or so weakened -- like put under the jurisdiction of the bankster - friendly Fed , for example -- that it would be better off dead .
And we'd be better off with it dead .
About a week ago Paul Krugman explained why we'd be better off with no bill than the kind of bill crooked bankster shills like Joe Lieberman ( I - CT - $ 10,154,592 ) , Arlen Specter ( R/D - PA - $ 6,440,935 ) , Mitch McConnell ( R-KY - $ 5,235,603 ) , Dick Shelby ( R - AL - $ 5,213,780 ) , Lamar Alexander ( R- TN - $ 4,931,275 ) , Johnny Isakson ( R - GA - $ 3,808,074 ) , John Thune ( R - SD - $ 3,778,911 ) , Richard Burr ( R-NC - $ 2,874,269 ) , Chuck Grassley ( R- IA - $ 2,558,229 ) and Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR - $ 2,378,292 ) are pushing .
Krugman is certain that " all momentum for serious banking reform has been lost " even though the economy is still in a very precarious position .
I 'm not certain where Krugman thinks he 's going to find Republicans to vote for a serious bill by the way .
When the House passed their version on December 11 , not only did 100 % of the Republicans vote " no , " but they were joined by 27 mostly corrupt Blue Dogs bank patsies like Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) , Bobby Bright ( Blue Dog - AL ) , Baron Hill ( Blue Dog -IN ) , Mike Ross ( Blue Dog - AR ) , Kurt Schrader ( Blue Dog - OR ) , Zach Space ( Blue Dog -OH ) , and Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) .
The Senate ?
I would n't hold my breath .
Instead watch Elizabeth Warren tell you what Wall Street and Republicans and Blue Dogs do n't ever want you to hear or think about :
Labels : banksters , Consumer Protection , Elizabeth Warren , federal regulatory agencies , Paul Krugman
Video Caption : EVE rediscovered the Van Allen Radiation Belt .
These EVE data highlight where the energetic protons are in the inner Van Allen radiation belt .
The red dots indicate the highest concentration of protons ( lower altitude ) , and the blue - violet dots represents very little detection of particles ( higher altitude of GEO ) .
Visualization by Chris Jeppesen .
Following several precise propulsion burns to circularize its orbit , NASA ’s Solar Dynamics Observatory ( SDO ) has arrived “ On Station ” and multiple tasks critical to check out of the science instruments are in progress this week , according to Dean Pesnell .
Pesnell is the SDO project scientist from NASA ’s Goddard Spaceflight Center which built the spacecraft and manages the nearly $ 1 Billion mission for NASA .
“ We reached our final orbit on March 16 , 2010 ” , Pesnell told me in an interview .
“ The SDO spacecraft is working great and all systems are behaving as expected ” .
SDO was launched on Feb. 11 , 2010 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas V rocket .
[ / caption ]
The revolutionary science mission has been dubbed the “ crown jewel ” of NASA ’s Solar Exploration research fleet , joining the twin STEREO spacecraft and SOHO .
SDO is equipped with three science instruments ( HMI , AIA , and EVE ) to explore the Sun and its complex interior mechanisms in unprecedented detail .
Although the doors to the solar science payload will be opened starting just today ( March 24 ) , SDO has already managed to transmit its “ first data ” , Pesnell explained .
This bonus science data from Earth ’s radiation belt was unexpected he said .
The first solar light data will come after the science instruments are fully activated .
“ One detector in EVE was responding to the protons in the inner Van Allen radiation belt .
We spent several orbits going through that part of space and EVE was able to produce a map of the radiation belt , ” said Pesnell .
“ The amount of proton data was not expected as we were not supposed to spend as much time in the belts as we did .
By spending a few extra days in the inner belt the MEGS - P radiometer was able to measure a more complete picture of the radiation belt .
It may be the only measurement of the proton fluxes in the inner radiation belt during the extremely low solar activity of the current solar minimum , ” added Pesnell .
Check out of the science payload is moving ahead swiftly as planned .
“ The SDO instruments are working through their initial steps to turning them completely on ” , Pesnell explained .
A key activity was to “ bake out ” the instruments to remove any remaining harmful contaminants that could threaten to degrade the quality of the science data .
“ CCD decontamination heaters had been turned on for several weeks to allow the instruments to outgas any residual contamination ” , according to Pesnell .
“ During the first 40 days of the mission the instruments kept their CCDs hot with heaters .
This prevents water vapor from condensing onto the surfaces of the CCDs while forcing water vapor out of the interior of the instruments .
Two instruments , HMI and EVE , have turned off their decontamination heaters while AIA will turn them off next week .
Those heaters are being turned off to allow the CCD ’s to cool to their normal operating temperatures of about minus 100 C ” .
“ HMI will open their payload door Wednesday and begin checking out the instrument .
EVE is cooling their CCDs getting ready to open their doors on Thursday .
AIA will open their doors on Saturday ” .
Pesnell mentioned that the SDO team expects to show off the initial data at a telecom in mid-April .
“ The science data should start to flow in early May , fully calibrated data will show up later .
We will discuss the data at the SPD / AAS meeting in Miami , FL at the end of May ” .
SDO will collect a staggering 1.5 terabytes of data per day , equivalent to 380 full length movies per day on a 24/7 basis .
“ The data will be continuously beamed back to newly built receivers on Earth .
We have no onboard recorders since nothing is available to handle such a huge data volume , ” said Pesnell .
“ SDO will transmit 50 times more science data than any other mission in NASA history ” .
Test data have already been transmitted via the spacecraft antenna to the receiving station on the ground in New Mexico , confirming that the vital communications systems are operating perfectly .
SDO ’s measurements of the Sun ’s interior , magnetic field and hot plasma of the solar corona will allow scientists to determine how violent solar events are created which then cause ‘ space weather ’ that ultimately affects every aspect of life here on Earth .
The goal is create better predictions of ‘ space weather ’ in order to provide early warning to valuable satellites and astronauts operating in space , and to prevent disruption to navigation systems and failures in the power grid .
SDO was launched into a geosynchronous transfer orbit with an apogee altitude ( farthest point from Earth ) of 36,000 km ( 22,000 miles ) and a perigee altitude ( closest point to Earth ) of 2500 km ( 1600 miles ) .
Over the next 34 days the propulsion module was used to raise the perigee altitude to 36,000 km , with a few small burns to push both apogee and perigee to geosynchronous .
“ SDO is in an inclined geosynchronous orbit at the longitude of New Mexico .
The inclination of 28 degrees is the natural orbit when launched from Kennedy Space Center .
Changing the inclination of an orbit requires a lot of fuel , so this orbit was less expensive than a geostationary orbit , ” said Pesnell .
This orbit will keep the observatory in constant view of the two newly constructed 18 - meter dishes around the clock so that not a single bit of data should be lost .
Nancy Atkinson and Ken Kremer covered the Feb 11 , 2010 SDO launch on site at KSC for Universe Today
Read SDO launch report by Nancy Atkinson here .
Read earlier SDO reports by Ken Kremer below , including from on site at the Atlas launch pad
NASA Sun Probe rolled to Pad ; 10 hours to Blast off
NASA ’s Solar Crown Jewel Bolted atop Atlas Rocket
NASA advanced Solar Observatory nearing February launch ; will send IMAX like movies daily
Learn more at the NASA SDO Website
Being raised by a militant , atheist father and a somewhat agnostic mother , I was never given an explanation about my existence or reason for being .
We never gave thanks at the dinner table to an unknown provider , and in difficult times I never saw any of my parents asking for help or strength from the divine .
Throughout my childhood I experienced joy , sadness , and every emotion in between .
And I realize now looking back , that for a long time I was rarely able to appreciate the simplicity I saw in the world around me then .
Every day I see my parents taking turns waking up in the morning to make sure that I leave home after having breakfast , or asking about how my day in school went in the afternoons .
And lately , I have n’t been able to stop thinking that they do it because of a feeling of obligation , not necessarily because they really care .
They are n’t much different from my peers who do what is necessary to pass , not because they believe in the importance of any assignment but because they do n’t want to confront the status quo .
Or my teachers who , upon the students ’ entry , automatically ask for the day ’s homework assignment when their worries and interests are elsewhere .
I ’m not really sure what has happened to everyone , or if the life of ordinary people is n’t appealing enough anymore in this world dominated by a media that pushes a million images of what we should be or what we should have .
And seeing this society around me , I think it is all garbage .
I believe that people are all searching for an answer ; one that is n’t there .
I believe that people resort to religion or try to find purpose in fulfilling daily goals because it is n’t enough just to live without reason — without importance .
I sometimes wish I could conform to this level of ignorance because at times it is difficult to confront the reality that there is only one life — right here , right now .
I believe that as individual people , our influence on the world is minimal .
I believe that after a person dies , she is missed , but eventually forgotten .
I believe that this is the natural course of life , as it takes place in any other species .
I find that for this reason , it is important to try and do as much good in our lives as possible , and extend our influence as far as our circumstances allow us to .
After accepting that there is no specific purpose or destiny for me to fulfill during my time here on earth , I have been able to place value on the things in life that truly matter - such as the relationships I build with those around me while I am still here , and the simple activities in life that bring me joy .
Once I realized the vastness of our universe and how minute I really am in the grand scope of things , it is easy to see that humanity - and each other - is all I truly have left .
Donate
If you enjoyed this essay , please consider making a tax - deductible contribution to This I Believe , Inc .
“ Mad Men ” creator says openly gay actors , even Neil Patrick Harris , can expect limited opportunities
Mad Men creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner said Wednesday that despite Neil Patrick Harris coming out and now working more than ever , “ let ’s not pretend ” that openly gay actors are not limiting their future career choices when they go public .
“ I ’m sure that there are limitations to the kinds of roles that he can get in the future , ” Weiner said during the Hollywood Radio and Television Society luncheon at the Century Plaza Hotel . “…
He knows that and would rather live his life honestly . ”
Weiner ’s remarks came during a panel discussion featuring him and the show - runners behind Modern Family , Glee , and How I Met Your Mother on which Harris stars and the womanizing Barney Stinson .
Mother co-creator Carter Bays was asked about Harris ’s coming out in the fall of 2006 – during the show ’s second season – and he describe it as “ a crazy time … it was definitely unchartered water for us as second year show - runners . ”
Bays said things worked out well because Harris “ is such a phenomenal actor , you do n’t care . …
He ’s such a stable , centered guy . …
He ’s a poster boy for anything he ’s involved in . ”
As Bays spoke , Weiner ( pictured , left ) interjected with these thoughts : “ I think it can be a commercially devastating thing . ”
He repeated the conventional wisdom that if a gay actor is out , he can not be seen as a sex symbol in heterosexual roles by audiences .
“ The viability of you as a character – no matter how good an actor you are – can be jeopardized by this .
We struggle with it – obviously , it ’s wrong .
It should n’t be that way . ”
He added : “ It was extra brave that he did that , it ’s extra brave that Ellen ( DeGeneres ) did that and I ’m glad that it turned out the way that it did . ”
Weiner cast openly gay actor Bryan Batt on his show as a gay character – a character which was fired from the ad agency depicted on Mad Men , for being gay .
The character disappeared after that and it is not known it he will return in season three .
While Mother has provided Harris with a breakout role as an adult following teen stardom as Doogie Howser MD , his career has been in high gear since he acknowledged that he is a gay man .
The 36 - year - old actor earned major kudos for hosting this year ’s Emmy Awards and also hosted the Tony Awards last June .
He starred in the Emmy - winning Internet sensation Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog and stars in the upcoming feature film Best and the Brightest , a comedy set in the world of New York City ’s elite private kindergartens .
Harris plays a heterosexual .
Almost half of black young people are unemployed after a big rise in the group 's jobless rate since the recession began , a study showed today .
An analysis by the Institute for Public Policy Research showed that unemployment among black people aged between 16 - 24 was well over twice the 20 % rate of unemployment among white young people .
Mixed ethnic groups saw the biggest increases in unemployment , rising from 21 % in March 2008 to 35 % in November 2009 , the research revealed .
Total youth unemployment currently is close to 943,000 - almost one in five 16 - 24 - year - olds - a 15 - year high .
Everybody receives phising emails every once in a while .
You may be able to detect them , but do you know what to do if you get caught in the trap ?
" It is not a reversal at all , it is actually fully in - line , we have said all along that CCE continues to be a very important , key partner for us in one of the most key markets , which is Europe and that 's why this makes so much sense for us , " said Kent , in an interview on CNBC .
The deal also will allow Coca - Cola to capture long - term efficiencies in the North American market and will let the company convert passive capital into active capital , said Kent .
Coca - Cola will give up its 34 percent stake in Coca - Cola Enterprises worth $ 3.4 billion , and acquire $ 8.88 billion of CCE debt .
Coca -Cola Enterprises will give shareholders a $ 10 per share cash distribution to all shareowners and they they will own one - share per-share in the new CCE , said John Brock , the Coca - Cola 's Enterprises ' CEO .
Kent said the deal will benefit both customers and investors .
An Australian street performer has set a new Guinness World Record by swallowing 18 swords at the same time .
Chayne Hultgren , aka The Space Cowboy , swallowed the blades , each of which was 72 centimetres long , in Sydney this morning .
The 31 - year - old from Byron Bay said he was thrilled to have made history .
" It 's amazing , " he said .
" I 've been preparing for this since I was 16 . "
Hultgren beat his own previous record of 17 swords - also a Guinness World Record - which he set in 2008 .
Hultgren began practising the art of sword swallowing at the age of 16 when he swallowed his first hose .
A few years later he upped the ante and began using stainless steel blades .
He swears his latest feat is not dangerous , but the cheeky entertainer conceded that " it was n't recommended by my doctor " .
" It 's educated risk , " he said .
" I do n't just straight away grab 18 blades and shove them down my throat - you 've got to practise a lot and build up to it .
" So I stretch my throat with hoses and use a few different techniques to basically enable me to do what , until now , has been impossible . "
He is the only person in the world to down more than 13 blades simultaneously , he said .
- AAP
MongoDB 1.4 Performance
We generally avoid posting benchmarks and suggest people create their own targeting their use cases .
However , we have decided to publish a few of our internal micro-benchmarks comparing 1.2 with 1.4RC2 ( aka 1.3.5 ) to show that in almost all cases performance is the same or better ( sometime significantly so ) , even though we ’ve added many new features .
The test works by spawning N threads and having them hammer the DB with one operation as fast as they can .
It is probably best to ignore the raw numbers and only look at the relative performance .
In particular , these numbers should n’t be compared against other databases .
Results
Code for benchmarks
A few highlights ( and one lowlight ) : Single threaded query performance increased slightly Query performance increases linearly or super - linearly as more cores are used Insert performance increases by 10 - 30 % vs 1.2
It is usually faster to create an index after importing your data than before .
More so in 1.4 .
Not shown , but performance for both 1.2 and 1.4 held steady from 10 threads up to at least 500 threads .
Even where it looks like the lines will cross , they do not .
Update and Upsert performance is the same or higher until using more than 4 hammering threads .
In practice , this should n’t effect users unless they are already doing more updates per second than the server can handle .
Even so , we will look into solutions to this in the 1.5.x series .
This test was run on an Intel Core i7 Quad 860 2.8GHz with 8GB of RAM and an Intel G2 SSD .
Even though they improved performance , HyperThreading and TurboBoost were disabled as they can skew results in nondeterministic ways .
Even as the state grappled with a budget crisis last year , bureaucrats spent nearly $ 45 million on new vehicles , almost $ 30 million on new furniture and more than $ 2 million on off - site meetings and conferences , a legislative panel has found .
The expenditures were outlined in a report released Monday by the Assembly Committee on Accountability and Administrative Review , which plans to call on state agency managers to explain their spending at a hearing Wednesday .
“ These expenses came despite an executive order from the governor last year for each state agency to cut costs and eliminate vehicle purchases unless they were for emergency purposes , ” said Mark Martin , a consultant for the committee .
Some agencies said they spent only what was budgeted and necessary to do their jobs .
The report says that the California Air Resources Board spent $ 433,000 on furniture last year .
Agency spokesman Stanley Young said much of the cost was for building cubicles for new employees at its El Monte office .
“ We expanded our staff in a couple of areas , and we first checked with other government agencies to see if they had any surplus furniture , ” Young said .
The agency with the biggest furnishings bill , according to the review , was the Department of Motor Vehicles , which spent $ 1.7 million .
A spokesman said he could not comment because he had not seen the report .
Caltrans spent the most on vehicles last year , tallying $ 10.4 million in purchases , followed by the Department of Parks and Recreation , which spent $ 5.2 million , the committee reported .
Representatives of those departments did not return calls seeking comment .
Administration officials say all of the vehicles purchased since the governor ordered agencies to curb spending in July were for the California Highway Patrol , which purchased $ 17 million in vehicles and is exempt from the governor ’s order .
The committee said the Department of Consumer Affairs spent $ 245,430 on meetings and conferences , including meeting rooms booked at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in San Diego , the Radisson LAX Hotel and the Ayres Hotel in Manhattan Beach .
Agency spokeswoman Erin Shaw had not seen the report but said the agency ’s boards often book rooms for public meetings .
In other cases , meeting rooms are booked for tests taken by people seeking professional licenses , Shaw said .
patrick.mcgreevy@latimes.com
For more on California politics and government , go to latimes.com / californiapolitics .
The bushland reserve in the nation 's capital is popular with joggers and cyclists and assaults by the marsupials who share the mountain are rare .
Though exceptional , it is not uncommon for kangaroos to attack humans
The only researcher to " three - peat " at the Pwn2 Own hacking contest said today that security is such a " broken record " that he wo n't hand over 20 vulnerabilities he 's found in Apple 's , Adobe 's and Microsoft 's software .
Instead Charlie Miller will show the vendors how to find the bugs themselves .
Miller , who yesterday exploited Safari on a MacBook Pro notebook running Snow Leopard to win $ 10,000 in the hacking challenge , said he 's tired of the lack of progress in security .
" We find a bug , they patch it , " said Miller .
" We find another bug , they patch it .
That does n't improve the security of the product .
True , [ the software ] gets incrementally better , but they actually need to make big improvements .
But I can't make them do that . "
Using just a few lines of code , Miller crafted what he called a " dumb fuzzer , " a tool that automatically searches for flaws in software by inserting data to see where the program fails .
Fuzzing is a common technique used not only by outside researchers , but by developers to spot bugs before they release the software .
Microsoft , for example , has long touted , and used , fuzzing as part of its Security Development Lifecycle ( SDL ) , the term for its in - house process of baking security into products as they 're created .
Miller 's fuzzer quickly uncovered 20 vulnerabilities across a range of applications as well vulnerabilities in Apple 's Mac OS X 10.6 , aka Snow Leopard , and its Safari browser .
He also found the flaws in Microsoft 's PowerPoint presentation maker ; in Adobe 's popular PDF viewer , Reader ; and in OpenOffice.org , the open - source productivity suite .
Today , Miller was to take the floor at CanSecWest , the Vancouver , British Columbia - based security conference that also hosts Pwn2Own , to demonstrate how he found the vulnerabilities .
He hoped Apple , Microsoft and other vendors would listen to what he has to say .
" People will criticize me and say I 'm a bad guy for not handing over [ the vulnerabilities ] , but it actually makes more sense to me to not tell them , " Miller said .
" What I can do is tell them how to find these bugs , and do what I did .
That might get them to do more fuzzing . "
That , Miller maintained , would mean more secure software .
What really disappointed Miller was how easy it was to find these bugs .
" Maybe some will say I 'm bragging about finding the bugs , that I can kick ass , but I was n't that smart .
I did the trivial work and I still found bugs . "
He went into the project figuring that he would n't find any vulnerabilities with the dumb fuzzer .
" But I found bugs , lots of bugs .
That was both surprising and disappointing . "
And it also made him ask why vendors like Microsoft , Apple and Adobe , which have teams of security engineers and scores of machines running fuzzers looking for flaws , had n't found these bugs long ago .
One researcher with three computers should n't be able to do beat the efforts of entire teams , Miller argued .
" It does n't mean that they do n't do [ fuzzing ] , but that they do n't do it very well . "
By refusing to hand over technical information about the vulnerabilities he uncovered , Miller is betting that Microsoft , Apple and others will duplicate his work , and maybe , just maybe , be motivated to do better .
" I think they 'll feel some pressure to find these bugs , " he said .
Miller used one of the flaws he found by dumb fuzzing yesterday to exploit Safari on a MacBook Pro , walking off with the notebook , $ 10,000 and a free trip to Las Vegas this summer to the DefCon hacking conference .
Miller also won cash prizes at Pwn2Own in 2008 and 2009 , each time by exploiting a Safari vulnerability on the Mac .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Galaxy History Revealed in Colorful Hubble View
› Larger image Credit : NASA , ESA , R. Windhorst , S. Cohen , and M. Mechtley ( Arizona State University , Tempe ) , R. O'Connell ( University of Virginia ) , P. McCarthy ( Carnegie Observatories ) , N. Hathi ( University of California , Riverside ) , R. Ryan ( University of California , Davis ) , and H. Yan ( Ohio State University ) .
Photo No. STScI - PRC10-01
More than 12 billion years of cosmic history are shown in this unprecedented , panoramic , full - color view of thousands of galaxies in various stages of assembly .
This image , taken by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope , was made from mosaics taken in September and October 2009 with the newly installed Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) and in 2004 with the Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) .
The view covers a portion of the southern field of a large galaxy census called the Great Observatories Origins Deep Survey ( GOODS ) , a deep - sky study by several observatories to trace the evolution of galaxies .
The final image combines a broad range of colors , from the ultraviolet , through visible light , and into the near - infrared .
Such a detailed multi-color view of the universe has never before been assembled at such a level of clarity , accuracy , and depth .
Hubble 's sharp resolution and new color versatility , produced by combining data from the two cameras , is allowing astronomers to sort out the various stages of galaxy formation .
The image reveals galaxy shapes that appear increasingly chaotic at each earlier epoch , as galaxies grew through accretion , collisions , and mergers .
The galaxies range from the mature spirals and ellipticals in the foreground , to smaller , fainter , irregularly shaped galaxies , most of which are farther away , and therefore existed farther back in time .
These smaller galaxies are considered the building blocks of the larger galaxies we see today .
Astronomers are using this multi-color panorama to trace many details of galaxy evolution over cosmic time , including the star - formation rate in galaxies , the rate of mergers among galaxies , and the abundance of weak active galactic nuclei .
The image shows a rich tapestry of 7,500 galaxies stretching back through most of the universe 's history .
The closest galaxies seen in the foreground emitted their observed light about a billion years ago .
The farthest galaxies , a few of the very faint red specks , are seen as they appeared more than 13 billion years ago , or roughly 650 million years after the Big Bang .
This mosaic spans a slice of space that is equal to about a third of the diameter of the full Moon ( 10 arc minutes ) .
The new Hubble view highlights a wide variety of stages in the galaxy assembly process .
Ultraviolet light taken by WFC3 shows the blue glow of hot , young stars in galaxies teeming with star birth .
The orange light reveals the final buildup of massive galaxies about 8 to 10 billion years ago .
The near - infrared light displays the red glow of very distant galaxies -- in a few cases as far as 12 billion to 13 billion light - years away - whose light has been stretched , like a toy Slinky , from ultraviolet light to longer -- wavelength infrared light due to the expansion of the universe .
In this ambitious use of Hubble 's observing time , astronomers used 100 Hubble orbits to make the ACS optical observations of this slice of the GOODS field and 104 orbits to make the WFC3 ultraviolet and near - infrared exposures .
WFC3 peered deeper into the universe in this study than comparable near - infrared observations from ground - based telescopes .
This set of unique new Hubble observations reveals galaxies to about 27th magnitude in brightness .
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency .
NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center manages the telescope .
The Space Telescope Science Institute conducts Hubble science operations .
The institute is operated for NASA by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy , Inc. in Washington .
By request , here is a graph overlaying light vehicle sales and existing home sales - and showing the impact of " cash for clunkers " and the " first time home buyer " tax credit .
( ht Brian )
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
The red line ( left axis ) is vehicle sales .
The blue line ( right axis ) is existing home sales since Jan 2008 .
Both are in millions of units at a Seasonally Adjusted Annual Rate ( SAAR ) .
The Cash for Clunkers program was effective on July 1 , 2009 , but did n't really start until near the end of July .
The program was expanded in early August , and ended on August 24th .
The First Time Home Buyer tax credit was passed in February with an initial deadline to close on the home by November 30 , 2009 .
The home buyer tax credit was extended and expanded at the end of October , and now buyers must sign a contract by April 30 , 2010 , and close by June 30 , 2010 .
There will probably be another surge in existing home sales in May and June ( reported when sales close ) .
And then sales will probably decline again .
Chris Floyd Published : 08 January 2010 Hits : 9369
Scott Horton of Harper 's gives us chapter and verse of the Justice Department 's very deliberate -- and insultingly brazen -- sabotaging of its own case against the Blackwater mercenaries who murdered 17 Iraqis in Nisoor Square back in September 2007 .
As any sentient observer could have told you then , these hired killers -- gorging on taxpayer dollars as they assisted the mass - murdering invasion and occupation of Iraq -- were never going to do time .
Why should they ?
They were just doing what they were paid , by us , to do : kill ragheads .
The case was dismissed by a federal judge last week due to prosecutorial misconduct .
In an interview with Democracy Now , Horton explained how the bad deal went down :
[ The ] decision to dismiss these charges had nothing to do with lack of evidence or weak evidence against the Blackwater employees .
To the contrary , there was copious evidence .
There was plenty of evidence prosecutors could have used that they evidently were n’t prepared to , including eyewitnesses there .
The decision to dismiss was taken as a punishment measure against Justice Department prosecutors based on the judge ’s conclusion that they engaged in grossly unethical and improper behavior in putting the case together .
And specifically what they did is they took statements that were taken by the Department of State against a grant of immunity ; that is , the government investigators told the guards , “ Give us your statement , be candid , be complete , and we promise you we wo n’t use your statement for any criminal charges against you . ”
But the Justice Department prosecutors took those statements and in fact used them .
They used them before the grand jury .
They used them to build their entire case .
And they did this notwithstanding warnings from senior lawyers in the Justice Department that this was improper and could lead to dismissal of the case .
It almost looks like the Justice Department prosecutors here wanted to sabotage their own case .
It was so outrageous .
AMY GOODMAN : Do you think that ’s possible ?
SCOTT HORTON : I think it is possible .
Specifically in this case , there were briefings that occurred on Capitol Hill early on in which senior officials of the Justice Department told congressional investigators , staffers and congressmen that essentially they did n’t want to bring the case .
In fact , one of the congressmen who was present at these briefings told me they were behaving like defense lawyers putting together a case to defend the Blackwater employees , not to prosecute them .
And I think we see the evidence of that copiously in Judge Urbina ’s opinion .
Horton also notes the bipartisan nature of the ongoing , long - standing moral rot at the " Justice " Department :
It was a decade of gross prosecutorial abuse .
We saw lawyers at the US Department of Justice issue opinions attempting to justify torture and mistreatment of prisoners .
That was adopted as a legal mantra of the department .
[ And is now being upheld by the Obama Administration in several court cases . ]
We saw hundreds of politically motivated prosecutions being brought , one of which is already withdrawn .
That was the prosecution of Senator Stevens of Alaska .
But we have the Siegelman case , the Paul Minor case , many others , where notwithstanding now overwhelming evidence of misconduct by prosecutors , the Justice Department standing its ground .
...
It ’s really quite a mountain of evidence now pointing to serious misconduct by Justice Department prosecutors .
And there ’s very little evidence — although most of this occurred on the watch of the Bush administration , there ’s very , very little evidence that Eric Holder has realized the gravity or severity of the situation or taken any appropriate measures to deal with it .
I 'm afraid I must disagree with Horton on this last point .
I believe that Eric Holder and his boss recognize very well what is going on in the Justice Department .
They just do n't want to do anything about it .
Why ?
Because no faction of greasy pole - climbers ever wants to give up any of the powers it inherits when it takes over the reins of a government .
A highly politicized , deeply corrupt prosecutorial arm is a very powerful tool .
And just as Obama is strenuously upholding all the major assertions of authoritarian power the Bush Regime made in other areas ( including the arbitrary right to seize anyone -- or kill anyone -- the Leader or his minions arbitrarily declare a suspected " enemy " ) , he is diligently protecting the dirty workers in the Justice Department .
It is not a failure or oversight on Obama 's part : it is deliberate policy .
Horton also notes that despite all the heartfelt noble promises of both candidate Obama and candidate Clinton during their glorious progressive agon for the presidential nomination in 2008 , the mercenaries of Blackwater -- and other firms in the ever - expanding security goon community -- are still swelling their bellies at the government trough :
AMY GOODMAN : What about the US continuing to work with Blackwater , now called Xe , X -e ?
You have just this latest news of two government —
Blackwater operatives reportedly killed last week at the CIA base in Afghanistan .
SCOTT HORTON : Well , that ’s right .
In fact , I would note that one of the statements the Iraqi government made in response to this was that even though Blackwater was no longer formally a contractor in Iraq , they found that many of the Blackwater employees had simply recontracted with the new contractors there , so they were still in place .
And the Iraqi government said that ’s completely unacceptable .
Well , the problem is that the US has not changed its pattern of heavy reliance on private security contractors .
If anything , we ’re actually seeing that reliance increase in connection with the operations in Afghanistan .
And in fact , there are only a handful of qualified and authorized service providers .
So Blackwater , almost by definition , is going to continue to hold a large part of these contracts as they ’re awarded , not with — this is notwithstanding promises that were made by Hillary Clinton , when she was running for president , to terminate the Blackwater contracts .
I mean , now she is Secretary of State , and Blackwater is still the principal security contractor to the State Department .
The Zurich based architect and designer Rafael Schmidt submitted this new bike sharing system to a competition which was organised within last year ’s International Climate Conference in Copenhagen .
The system involves a comprehensive architectural intervention into the urban centre .
“ The Bike Share System must become more than just a transporting system .
It deals not only with the problem of stocks and flows of people , but must add extra value to its user and to the city itself .
We suggest that the Bike Share System becomes an integral part of the city .
The bicycles should function as censors and inform the system about certain behaviours , so that the system can react according to the situation .
To predict the performance of a system , the entities have to exchange information .
An internet - based platform can analyse the different interests and could then manage possible conflicts .
The bicycles are equipped with GPS und W - Lan , so they are connected to each order and can inform the system about their position and status .
( Is a bike being used ?
Where is the bike and where is it moving to ?
Is there a reservation for the bike ?
etc. )
Privacy protection is a matter that has to be taken into account in the process .
To increase the number of commuters travelling by bicycle from 37 % to 50 % by 2015 , approx .
25.000 bicycles have to be integrated into the urban fabric ; these bikes will need at least 20.000 m2 of storage space .
We see a high risk of overloading the squares , streets and stations of Copenhagen .
Therefore , our focus is to reduce the „ visual pollution “ wherever possible .
At the same time , easy accessibility as well as the system ’s visual presence has to be maintained ( hide & show policy ) .
The following proposal distinguishes between three different trajectory scales : S , M and L. ”
more information about the project
Government campaign against corrupt officials continues .
Former deputy chief justice of the Supreme Court is sentenced to life in prison ; party secretary in Hewan village goes to prison .
Beijing ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) – Corruption continues to be a major burden on China ’s development .
Recently , a Communist party official and a retired judge of the Supreme Court were sent to prison con corruption charges .
Their cases highlight what President Hu Jintao ’s government has repeatedly said , namely that corruption is the “ main enemy of the Revolution ” .
Yet the problem seems to be growing .
The first high - profile case involves Sun Xiaojun , party chief in Hewan village ( Jiangsu ) , who was arrested for hiring a gang of some 200 thugs to attack local farmers to force them off their land in order to build a petrochemical plant .
During clashes last 7 January , one farmer died and another was seriously wounded .
Instead of the expected outcome , the clashes galvanised residents to fight even harder to stay .
Police , which tried to hush up the farmer ’s death and the land seizure , was violently attacked by residents .
In the last few years , the village of Hewan has acquired a reputation for its strong readiness to resist .
In 2007 and 2008 in fact , it was the scene of violent clashes when local officials tried to seize their land .
The other case made the front - page of many newspapers .
Huang Songyou , a former deputy chief justice , was sentenced to life in prison for taking bribes between 2005 and 2008 for a total of 3.9 million yuan ( US $ 574,000 ) .
He was also found guilty of embezzling another 1.2 million in 1997 .
On several occasions , President Hu has called on Communist leaders to fight corruption , which he has described as the single most important threat to the power of the Communist Party in China .
The People 's Daily , the Communist Party 's main newspaper , said in a commentary on its website that the sentences show that corruption would be “ severely punished ” .
IMPROVE YOUR MEMORY WITH SMART DRUGS
By Dr. James Howenstine , MD .
February 2 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
What Are Smart Drugs ( Nootropics ) ?
While smart drugs are not needed to heal Alzheimer ’s Disease , having knowledge of this interesting therapy can be advantageous to elderly individuals who are often in a constant battle to preserve their ability to think and remember .
Much disability in the elderly is caused by unrecognized side effects of drugs .
Tragically , many seniors live out their lives in confusion because of excessive doses or unrecognized side effects of pharmaceutical drugs .
A classic example of this problem is the mental confusion , transient global amnesia ( total temporary loss of awareness lasting up to 12 hours ) and peripheral neuritis commonly caused by the widely prescribed statin drugs , which lower cholesterol values .
Because the attending physicians often do not know that these problems relate to the cholesterol lowering therapy , many seniors are forced to cope with drug side effects interfering with brain function during their final years .
Smart drugs are substances that promote optimal brain function .
Any drug that increases the amount of acetylcholine in the brain by blocking the action of the enzyme cholinesterase has the potential to improve memory , alertness , verbal fluency , and creative thinking .
Therapies that increase the activity of cholinesterase will tend to lower the amount of acetylcholine in the brain .
This tends to decrease alertness and impair memory , creative thinking and verbal fluency .
If these changes occur , the guilty therapy might be considered a “ dumb drug . ” for that particular individual .
A variety of drugs and nutrients make up the smart drug portfolio .
Evaluation of these therapies is quite complex , as not everyone reacts to each of these substances in the same way .
Preexisting moodiness can cause a depressed result with decreased productivity subsequent to the increased cholinergic effect of a smart drug .
Additionally , cholinergic smart drug therapy in patients who are under considerable stress may lead to a changed person who becomes less responsive to reward , unable to maintain sustained effort , and who exhibits suppressed – instead of enhanced – performance .
The possibility exists that in the future AMPA - type glutamate receptors may even be able to increase intellectual performance in healthy young adults .
Alzheimer ’s Disease ( AD ) patients , because of adverse effects from aluminum , mercury , and electromagnetic energy exposure , have suffered a progressive disproportionate loss of cholinergic neurons .
A combination of organic vitamin B complex ( a natural product called Supreme B ) , silica , and magnesium can heal AD .
Increasing the level of acetylcholine in AD patients with a smart drug ( pramiracetam , galantamine , piracetam , and vinpocetine ) can increase blood flow to the brain , increase ATP energy production , increase the brain uptake of glucose and oxygen , and improve brain performance .
Pramiracetam ( Neupramir ) is similar chemically to piracetam , but pramiracetam is seven times more potent .
This appears to be the most effective of the Smart Drugs used to treat Alzheimer ’s Disease .
The dosage used is about 1500 mg daily .
Therapeutic results with Pramiracetam take about 1 month to become noticeable and may increase over the second month of therapy .
Combining other nootropic drugs often improves the therapeutic result .
A combination may permit the dose of Pramiracetam , which is expensive , to be reduced .
Pramiracetam can produce the following results in patients with AD :
• Improve intelligence and memory
• Reduce anxiety and aggressive behavior
• Improve learning capability
• Increase will power
• Improve long term memory
• Enhance the function of neurotransmitters
• Increase the number of receptors for acetylcholine
Steroid Hormones enhance the function of Pramiracetam .
Availability of steroid hormones is essential for Pramiracetam to be effective .
Patients with low levels of steroid hormones or their precursors cannot derive therapeutic benefits from Pramiracetam .
The needed steroid hormones include the following : aldosterone , corticosterone , dihydroepiandrosterone ( DHEA ) , estrogens , pregnanediol , progesterone , and testosterone .
Advertisement
There is generally little toxicity and few to no side effects in patients taking Pramiracetam therapy .
The usual dose is 1200 to 1500 mg daily in divided doses .
Uremic patients need reduced dosages .
Pramiracetam can improve attention span , learning capacity , memory , time - space orientation , and mental performance .
Rare side effects have been seen including heartburn , mild nervousness , dizziness , nausea , anorexia , insomnia , trembling , dry mouth , and incontinence of urine and stool .
Pramiracetam seems to be available in China , South Africa , Australia , and Europe .
I do not know whether it can be brought into the USA .
The product is expensive .
Vinpocetine
Vinpocetine significantly decreases the decline in the release of dopamine [ 1 ] that normally occurs in tandem with the progression of the aging process .
Persistence of dopamine prevents depression from developing , along with aiding in preservation of cholinergic nerve cell membranes .
Vinpocetine improves blood circulation to the brain and thereby prevents and alleviates cerebral insufficiency symptoms caused by strokes and narrowed arteries .
A middle - aged employee at Smart Nutrition had suffered from poor vision ( myopia ) all her life and had worn contact lenses for many years .
She took a 20 mg Vinpocetine capsule one day .
Later that day when standing behind the owner of the company , she remarked that she could read the monitor on his computer .
Previously , she had been unable to read anything from that distance .
The next day she mentioned that in driving home on the same familiar route she visualized many things she had never seen before .
She was confident that her vision had improved from one capsule of Vinpocetine .
Vinpocetine was given to 100 elderly arteriosclerotic patients to improve circulation to the eyes .
Visual acuity improved in 88 persons by an average of 73 % .
Improvement was most striking in patients who had already experienced retinal changes from occlusion of the central retinal artery .
The 20 mg dosage of vinpocetine was administered by drop infusion three times daily or was given by intravenous infusion 10 mg three times daily .
The improvement in vision paralleled blood pressure increases in the central retinal artery .
Piracetam
Piracetam is derived from the neurotransmitter gamma- aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) .
Because of a wide variety of favorable effects , Piracetam has become widely used in :
• improving cell membrane fluidity
• protecting nerves , along with anti-convulsant properties
• moderating neurotransmission of the cholinergic and glutaminergic systems
• improving neuroplasticity
• reducing adhesion to the endothelium , blocking vasospasm , and improving microcirculation in vessels
Piracetam also has value in the treatment of cognitive disorders , dementia , vertigo , cortical myoclonus , dyslexia and sickle cell anemia .
The dosage used is 800 mg , three times daily .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Nootropic drugs have a role to play in improving brain performance .
Patients may wish to try these drugs .
It would be worthwhile if a spouse or close friend could help evaluate potential improvement .
Several of these drugs have shown unexpected benefits in other areas such as improvement in vision .
Supreme B , Vinpocetine , and Piracetam are available from The Natural Health Team ( www.mynaturalhealthteam.com, 800-416-2806 ) .
Footnotes :
1- Kahan , A. & Olah , M. Arzneimittelforschung 26 ( 10a ) 1969 - 72 , 1976
Powered by phpBB © 2000 , 2002 , 2005 , 2007 phpBB Group
© Copyright 2012 KDE Community Forum Team .
All rights reserved .
KDE Community Forums has no liability for any content or post .
All messages belong to and are the opinion of their respective authors .
KDE and K Desktop Environment are trademarks of KDE e.V. •
For more details , contact the Forum Administrators .
Guides
Image credit : sockagphoto / Shutterstock.com
The Robertson screwdriver , also known as a square screwdriver , was invented in 1908 by P.L. Robertson , a native Canadian .
The screwdriver presented a solution to the frequent problem users encountered with flathead screwdrivers : the driver often slipped out of place and slowed down the process of securing the fasteners .
But slotted screws and their associated drivers were easy to make .
Robertson ’s design depended on the corresponding square shape on the top of screws that enabled the square - shaped screwdriver to make secure contact with the screw .
As the screwdriver was rotated , it was far less likely to slip out of place and the process moved a lot faster .
The internal square drive required a bit more manufacturing ingenuity than did making the cheap yet popular slotted head , however .
Robertson Drive History
Once Robertson had conceived the notion of a square - headed screwdriver , he toyed with various manufacturing methods until he was able to produce screws with a square - shaped imprint on their heads .
When the correctly - sized driver is inserted into a corresponding screw , the user can rotate the driver without fear of the driver slipping .
Because the driver is self - centering , only one hand is needed for rotation .
Robertson patented his invention of both the square - headed screw and driver in 1909 , but the Steel Company of Canada did not take kindly to his invention .
Some went as far as to try to undermine his patents , but the attempts were unsuccessful .
The idea had been patented by another inventor in the latter part of the 19th century but it remained more of a curiosity as manufacturing techniques of the time lacked the ability to produce a commercial form .
Manufacturers took to Robertson ’s designs right away , and companies , such as Ford , came to depend on the screws and driver as key components in automobile production as it saved assembly time .
As a result , Robertson soon produced special metal screws for Ford ’s use in automobile manufacturing .
Henry Ford sought a licensing arrangement with Robertson , but Robertson turned him down .
Ford was concerned about maintaining availability of the fasteners , and without licensing , he limited the use of the Robertson design to cars that he built in Canada .
Another development was underway in the screw head world , one that took a while to catch on but by World War II had nearly 40 licensees worldwide .
Henry Phillips had shown his new cruciform socket design to many major screw manufacturers but it was not until he showed it to Eugene Green in 1933 that it caught the interest of the American Screw Co. ’s newly appointed president .
The Phillips screw began showing up in Cadillacs shortly thereafter and became prolific after the cold forming method of making the cruciform socket was perfected .
An advantage of the Phillips head over the Robertson design was that it could “ cam out ” after reaching a certain torque level , preventing damage to the screw and driver from over - torquing .
This was at a time when torque - controllable screwdrivers had not yet arrived .
By the end of the late 1940s , Robertson ’s company had grown to employ 500 people and the screws were available in three different sizes with corresponding drivers , each distinguished by one of three colors : small drivers were green , medium drivers were red , and large drivers were black .
Although the design was rapidly integrated into the Canadian market and thrives there today , Robertson screws and screwdrivers were much less successful in the US and are not commonly used .
With the growth of screw use in the construction industry and the availability of portable , powered drivers , the Robertson design is seen more and more on this side of the border , particularly for deck installations and the like .
The slight taper of the socket and drive allows for a “ cling ” fit , an especially useful feature when driving lots and lots of screws vertically from above .
The original patent expired in 1964 which too may account for the form showing up more frequently in the States .
On the industrial side of things , square - headed bolts became obsolete with the advent of hex bolts and a similar situation developed with the hexagonal socket .
The shallower drive angles of the hexes made for better torque transfer and the development of ball - nosed hex keys made it possible to drive the hex sockets at an angle , another benefit of the Phillips design .
Cam - out became a less desirable feature with torque - controlled drivers increasingly available .
But it was another necessity that led to the development of the Allen hex socket – about the same time as the Robertson drive : the need to remove the hazard of exposed set screws which , installed to hold transmission components on rotating shafting , presented a snagging hazard .
Development of fastener heads since then has followed many paths with improved resistance to cam - out , shallower drive angles for better torque capacity , better capability for automated assembly , and so on .
Torx® and Pozidriv® heads are well known in automotive and aerospace industries and have made their way into other industries as well .
A lively , technical discussion on the trials and tribulations of removing various screw heads may be found here .
Robertson Screwdriver Types
Currently , there are five different Robertson screwdriver types available , with suitable screw size indicated by the color .
Orange drivers ( #00 ) are appropriate for use with screw types 1 and 2 .
The recess size range ( the size of the corresponding square imprint on the screw ) is from 1.77 - 1.80 mm .
drivers ( #00 ) are appropriate for use with screw types 1 and 2 .
The recess size range ( the size of the corresponding square imprint on the screw ) is from 1.77 - 1.80 mm .
Yellow drivers ( #0 ) work with screw types 3 and 4 and feature a recess size range of 2.29 to 2.31 mm .
drivers ( #0 ) work with screw types 3 and 4 and feature a recess size range of 2.29 to 2.31 mm .
Green Robertson screwdriver ( #1 ) operates with screw types 5 , 6 , and 7 , with a recess size range of 2.82 to 2.86 mm .
Robertson screwdriver ( #1 ) operates with screw types 5 , 6 , and 7 , with a recess size range of 2.82 to 2.86 mm .
Red Robertson screwdriver functions with screw types 8 , 9 , and 10 and has a recess size range of 3.34 to 3.38 mm .
Robertson screwdriver functions with screw types 8 , 9 , and 10 and has a recess size range of 3.34 to 3.38 mm .
Black Robertson drivers work with the largest screws , types 12 and higher , and have a recess range of 4.81 to 4.85 mm .
Where to buy
Robertson , Inc. remains in business to this day and continues to produce a range of fastener products and drives for furniture makers , deck builders , sheet metal fabricators , etc .
With the expiration of the patent , knock - off versions have become ubiquitous and are available in major home supply stores and are as easily sourced online .
The company also has several combination heads that incorporate , for instance , both the Robertson and the Phillips designs .
Summary
This article presented a brief discussion of the Robertson drive .
For more information on other products , consult our other guides or visit the Thomas Supplier Discovery Platform to locate potential sources .
Other Tools Articles
More from Hardware
* “ In many cases , rent control appears to be the most efficient technique presently known to destroy a city except for bombing . ”
* “ Rent control has in certain western countries constituted , maybe , the worst example of poor planning by governments lacking courage and vision . ”
* “ That great sacred cow — Rent Control — is a textbook case of Economic stupidity . ”
It is no surprise that free market economists would oppose rent control , root and branch .
It is , however , a bit “ man bites doggish ” that even economists with sterling left wing credentials would oppose it too , and about as bitterly .
The sources of those three quotes ?
Assar Lindberg , from “ The Political Economy of the New Left ” ; liberal Swedish economist Gunnar Myrdal ; and the New York Times ’ own Paul Krugman .
Why the consensus ?
It ’s because this law , which supposedly helps impoverished tenants , actually does the opposite .
Every so often , saner elements in government try to repeal rent stabilization ’s stranglehold on New York City .
But they inevitably fail .
Just this week , two frightening developments further cemented its place .
First , Tishman Speyer walked away from their investment in Stuyvesant Town , mainly because it was not allowed to increase rents .
Second , a State Supreme Court ruling said that some 300,000 rent - stabilized residents had their rents “ illegally ” raised .
We ’re talking an extra $ 45 - $ 85 a month , on rents under $ 1,000 .
Would n’t we all like such protections ?
Alas , the court ruling simply illustrates the benefits certain New Yorkers get from winning the housing lottery — and how the rest of us pay for it .
If you ’re just moving to New York City , big dreams and ideas in your head , living in Manhattan will cost you , on average , $ 2,253 a month for a studio and $ 3,026 for a one bedroom .
Pricey .
If you ’re in the middle class , you ’re probably railing against the rich Wall Streeters and greedy landlords who are keeping you from making it in Gotham .
Except the average rent for the city in 2008 was only $ 950 a month .
How is this possible ?
Because 48 % of rental housing is stabilized , meaning increases are regulated , and another 2 % are rent - controlled , meaning increases are almost non-existent .
Another 14 % of units are public housing and other projects .
That leaves only 36 % of apartments on the open market , in a city as attractive and competitive as this one .
Rent control may keep the average artificially low , but it also makes the rents on the small number of available units artificially high .
It is not for nothing that landlord - tenant relations have soured in the Big Apple , and , indeed , wherever rent control has been adopted .
When a financial premium is placed not on consumer sovereignty , but on moving tenants out in order to raise rents , it should occasion no big surprise that a different type of landlord attains a competitive advantage .
Chances are the residents of Stuytown are going to be suing to get their plumbing fixed in a couple years .
Meanwhile , there are probably more than a few families crowded into apartments too small for them — or single people in apartments too big for them — because rent stabilization means they are terrified to move .
Some people fear market rents on the ground that only the rich will end up living in Manhattan .
Unlikely ; though rents would go up for those with rent - stabilized apartments , an increase in the vacancy rate ( now at an engineered 3 % or less ) would cause other rents to fall .
That would provide an opening for those who usually can’t get by in New York — the middle class .
Advocates of rent controls are celebrating this weekend , pleased that a million or more residents have been saved a few dollars in Stuytown and elsewhere .
But they — and we — will pay the price later , in lawsuits , atrophy and decay .
It ’s a tale of two cities , the glistening towers of the rich , and the stabilized apartments treated with contempt by their landlords .
We won the ideological war against the Soviets fair and square .
Why do we allow their foolish ideas to guide us in the housing market ?
Walter E. Block is Professor of Economics at Loyola University in New Orleans .
Originally from Brooklyn , Block earned his Ph.D. in economics from Columbia University with a dissertation on rent control .
Firefighters spent hours on the scene of an overnight fire that ripped through CTV Ottawa 's newsroom and caused more than $ 2.5 million in damage .
Flames began on the second floor of the Merivale Road building sometime before 4:30 Sunday morning .
It took 70 firefighters and 18 fire trucks more than two hours to bring the blaze under control .
" Crews did an excellent job holding it , " said District Fire Chief Jim Corrigan .
" We managed to contain the fire to the second - storey of the building .
However , smoke migration made it to the fifth floor . "
Corrigan says $ 2.5 million is a preliminary estimate .
Damage could be much higher due to the building 's expensive content .
An overnight security guard was working when the blaze broke out .
He suffered no injuries and no other injuries have been reported .
The cause of the fire is unknown .
An ongoing investigation means it could be days before staff can return .
However , plans to continue production from the A Channel building in the Byward Market are moving forward .
" Our management team had put in place a very comprehensive plan to deal with emergencies like this , " said CTV Ottawa 's General Manager Louis Douville .
" They are things we prepare for but hope will never happen . "
Building still standing
One reporter was notified when a friend called and said flames were shooting from the building and " crews were rushing to the scene . "
" I knew it must have been bad because he kept saying he was sorry and that the building had burned down , " said reporter Stefan Keyes .
" I only live a four - minute drive away so I got dressed and headed out . "
Keyes says when he arrived at the scene dozens of firefighters were there and paramedics were standing by .
Broken windows revealed the newsroom was charred .
" Damages looked bad but the building is still standing .
Thank God . "
A stretch of Merivale Road in front of the building was closed for seven hours .
The newsroom hosts several workstations for reporters , producers , editorial staff and video editors .
It means several computers , televisions , phones and personal belongings would have been destroyed in the fire .
Among the devastating property losses are the local news archives of this city 's history and the 37 - year video history of anchor Max Keeping who is set to retire on April 1 .
Murray wrote against Hillarycare in 1994 ; his article is also relevant to Obamacare in 2010 .
The standard media clich about the Clinton health plan is that God , or the Devil , depending on your point of view , " is in the details . "
There is surprising agreement among both the supporters and all too many of the critics of the Clinton health " reform . "
The supporters say that the general principles of the plan are wonderful , but that there are a few problems in the details : e.g. , how much will it cost , how exactly will it be financed , will small business get a sufficient subsidy to offset its higher costs , and on into the night .
The alleged critics of the Clinton Plan also hasten to assure us that they too accept the general principles , but that there are lots of problems in the details .
Often the critics will present their own alternative plans , only slightly less complex than the Clinton scheme , accompanied by assertions that their plans are less coercive , less costly , and less socialistic than the Clinton effort .
And since health care constitutes about one - seventh of the American output , there are enough details and variants to keep a host of policy workers going for the rest of their lives .
But the details of the Clintonian plan , however diabolic , are merely petty demons compared to the general principles , where Lucifer really lurks .
By accepting the principles , and fighting over the details , the Loyal Opposition only succeeds in giving away the store , and doing so before the debate over the details can even get under way .
Lost in an eye - glazing thicket of minutiae , the conservative critics of Clintonian reform , by being " responsible " and working within the paradigm set by The Enemy , are performing a vital service for the Clintonians in snuffing out any clear - cut opposition to Clinton ’s Great Leap Forward into health collectivism .
Let us examine some of the Mephistophelean general principles in the Clintonian reform , seconded by the conservative critics .
GUARANTEED UNIVERSAL ACCESS .
There has been a lot of talk recently about " universal access " to this or that good or service .
Many " libertarian " or " free - market " proponents of education " reform , " for example , advocate tax - supported voucher schemes to provide " access " to private schooling .
But there is one simple entity , in any sort of free society , that provides " universal access " to every conceivable good or service , and not just to health or education or food .
That entity is not a voucher or a Clintonian ID card ; it ’s called a " dollar . "
Dollars not only provide universal access to all goods and services , they provide it to each dollar - holder for each product only to the extent that the dollar - holder desires .
Every other artificial accessor , be it voucher or health card or food stamp , is despotic and coercive , mulcts the taxpayer , is inefficient and egalitarian .
COERCIVE .
" Guaranteed universal access " can only be provided by the robbery of taxation , and the essence of this extortion is not changed by calling these taxes " fees , " " premiums , " or " contributions . "
A tax by any other name smells as rotten , and has similar consequences , even if only " employers " are forced to pay the higher " premiums . "
Furthermore , for anyone to be " guaranteed " access to anything , he has to be forced to participate , both in receiving its " benefits " and in paying for them .
Hence , " guaranteed universal access " means coercing not only taxpayers , but everyone as participants and contributors .
All the weeping and wailing about the 37 million " uninsured " glosses over the fact that most of these uninsured have a made a rational decision that they do n’t want to be " insured , " that they are willing to take the chance of paying market prices should health care become necessary .
But they will not be permitted to remain free of the " benefits " of insurance ; their participation will become compulsory .
We will all become health draftees .
EGALITARIAN .
Universal means egalitarian .
For the dread egalitarian theme of " fairness " enters immediately into the equation .
Once government becomes the boss of all health , under the Clinton plan or the Loyal Opposition , then it seems " unfair " for the rich to enjoy better medical care than the lowest bum .
This " fairness " ploy is considered self - evident and never subject to criticism .
Why is " the two - tier " health system ( actually it has been multi- tier ) any more " unfair " than the multi-tier system for clothing or food or transportation ?
So far at least , most people do n’t consider it unfair that some people can afford to dine at The Four Seasons and vacation at Martha ’s Vineyard , whereas others have to rest content with McDonald ’s and staying home .
Why is medical care any different ?
And yet , one of the major thrusts of the Clinton Plan is to reduce us all to " one - tier , " egalitarian health care status .
COLLECTIVIST .
To ensure equality for one and all , medical care will be collectivist , under close supervision of the federal Health Care Board , with health provision and insurance dragooned by government into regional collectives and alliances .
The private practice of medicine will be essentially driven out , so that these collectives and HMOs will be the only option for the consumer .
Even though the Clintonians try to assure Americans that they can still " choose their own doctor , " in practice this will be increasingly impossible .
PRICE CONTROLS .
Since it is fairly well known that price controls have never worked , that they have always been a disaster , the Clinton Administration always keen on semantic trickery , have stoutly denied that any price controls are contemplated .
But the network of severe price controls will be all too evident and painful , even if they wear the mask of " premium caps , " " cost caps , " or " spending control . "
They will have to be there , for it is the promise of " cost control " that permits the Clintonians to make the outrageous claim that taxes will hardly go up at all .
( Except , of course , on employers . )
Tight spending control will be enforced by the government , not merely on its own , but particularly on private spending .
One of the most chilling aspects of the Clinton plan is that any attempt by us consumers to get around these price controls , e.g. to pay higher than controlled prices to doctors in private practice , will be criminalized .
Thus , the Clinton Plan states that " A provider may not charge or collect from the patient a fee in excess of the fee schedule adopted by an alliance , " and criminal penalties will be imposed for " payment of bribes or gratuities " ( i.e. " black market prices " ) to " influence the delivery of health service . "
Socialism : An Economic ...
Mises , Ludwig von Best Price : $ 9.29 Buy New $ 79.84 ( as of 11:25 EST - Details )
In arguing for their plan , by the way , the Clintonians have added insult to injury by employing absurd nonsense in the form of argument .
Their main argument for the plan is that health care is " too costly , " and that thesis rests on the fact that health care spending , over recent years , has risen considerably as a percentage of the GDP .
But a spending rise is scarcely the same as a cost increase ; if it were , then I could easily argue that , since the percentage of GDP spent on computers has risen wildly in the past ten years , that " computer costs " are therefore excessive , and severe price controls , caps , and spending controls must be imposed promptly on consumer and business purchases of computers .
MEDICAL RATIONING .
Severe price and spending controls means , of course , that medical care will have to be strictly rationed , especially since these controls and caps come at the same time that universal and equal care is being " guaranteed . "
Socialists , indeed , always love rationing , since it gives the bureaucrats power over the people and makes for coercive egalitarianism .
And so this means that the government , and its medical bureaucrats and underlings , will decide who gets what service .
Medical totalitarianism , if not the rest of us , will be alive and well in America .
THE ANNOYING CONSUMER .
We have to remember a crucial point about government as against business operations on the market .
Businesses are always eager for consumers to buy their product or service .
On the free market , the consumer is king or queen and the " providers " are always trying to make profits and gain customers by serving them well .
But when government operates a service , the consumer is transmuted into a pain - in - the - neck , a " wasteful " user - up of scarce social resources .
Whereas the free market is a peaceful cooperative place where everyone benefits and no one loses , when government supplies the product or service , every consumer is treated as using a resource only at the expense of his fellow men .
The " public service " arena , and not the free market , is the dog - eat - dog jungle .
So there we have the Clintonian health future : government as totalitarian rationer of health care , grudgingly doling out care on the lowest possible level equally to all , and treating each " client " as a wasteful pest .
And if , God forbid , you have a serious health problem , or are elderly , or your treatment requires more scarce resources than the Health Care Board deems proper , well then Big Brother or Big Sister Rationer in Washington will decided , in the best interests of " society , " of course , to give you the Kevorkian treatment .
People :
Places :
In hope that people tune in this Sunday at 9 PM to watch the season premiere of the show , I made a little guide to show how easy it is to jump in .
I know people are afraid of jumping in the middle of a show , because they wo n't know things , but fear not .
Chuck is a relatively simple show , and without dealing the complete plot of the show , the guide has people and places to know .
Main character of the show who gets the Intersect downloaded into his head , learning all the government secrets .
Chuck 's CIA protector who has a complicated relationship with Chuck .
She 's his handler , but they have mutual feelings for each other , and have done a few things short of sex .
Chuck 's NSA protector .
We do n't know much about him .
Former college roommate that kicked Chuck out of Stanford , so the CIA would n't recruit Chuck .
He later sent the Intersect to Chuck and was presumed dead , but was actually alive .
Chuck 's older sister .
She 's a doctor and constantly pushes Chuck to improve his life .
Ellie 's husband who recently found out that Chuck 's a spy .
His nickname is Captain Awesome , and says " awesome ! " all the time which is why you always see Chuck being described as awesome .
Chuck 's best friend who as of the season finale was off to Hawaii with Anna .
The team of Jeffster .
They 're mostly for comedic purposes .
Morgan 's girlfriend .
Sadly she is n't going to be in season 3 . Usurped Big Mike with some tricky tactics to become manager .
The former manager of the Buy More and is now a lowly worker .
Director of the NSA who is in charge of Operation Bartowski .
Codenamed Orion , he build the Intersect , and is Chuck and Ellie 's father .
She 's a very minor character , but she 's showing up in an early episode .
She 's a DEA agent , friend of Sarah , and it a bit impulsive .
Chuck 's ex-girlfriend who turned out to be a Fulcrum agent .
She was captured , but showed up late in the season to help Chuck , and he let her escape .
Supervising CIA agent who died in the beginning of season 1 .
The main bad guy that have tried to get the Intersect .
We do n't know their motives , but they say they 're patriots that want to help .
Introduced in the season 2 finale , The Ring is a large organization that Fulcrum is part of .
Hot dog store Sarah worked at during season 1 . Sarah 's current place of employment .
CIA base located under the Orange Orange .
Best Buy lookalike that 's Chuck 's place of employment .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 March 20
Zodiacal Light Vs. Milky Way
Image Credit & Copyright : Daniel López
Explanation : Ghostly Zodiacal light , featured near the center of this remarkable panorama , is produced as sunlight is scattered by dust in the Solar System 's ecliptic plane .
In the weeks surrounding the March equinox ( today at 1732 UT ) Zodiacal light is more prominent after sunset in the northern hemisphere , and before sunrise in the south , when the ecliptic makes a steep angle with the horizon .
In the picture , the narrow triangle of Zodiacal light extends above the western horizon and seems to end at the lovely Pleiades star cluster .
Arcing above the Pleiades are stars and nebulae along the plane of our Milky Way Galaxy .
Recorded on March 10 from Teide National Park on the island of Tenerife , the vista is composed of 4 separate pictures spanning over 180 degrees .
Senior Bush administration officials sternly cautioned the 9/11 Commission against probing too deeply into the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , according to a document recently obtained by the ACLU .
The notification came in a letter dated January 6 , 2004 , addressed by Attorney General John Ashcroft , Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and CIA Director George J. Tenet .
The ACLU described it as a fax sent by David Addington , then - counsel to former vice president Dick Cheney .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the message , the officials denied the bipartisan commission ’s request to question terrorist detainees , informing its two senior - most members that doing so would “ cross ” a “ line ” and obstruct the administration ’s ability to protect the nation .
“ In response to the Commission ’s expansive requests for access to secrets , the executive branch has provided such access in full cooperation , ” the letter read .
“ There is , however , a line that the Commission should not cross — the line separating the Commission ’s proper inquiry into the September 11 , 2001 attacks from interference with the Government ’s ability to safeguard the national security , including protection of Americans from future terrorist attacks . ”
The 9/11 Commission , officially called the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States , was formed by President Bush in November of 2002 “ to prepare a full and complete account of the circumstances surrounding the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks ” and to offer recommendations for preventing future attacks .
“ The Commission staff ’s proposed participation in questioning of detainees would cross that line , ” the letter continued .
“ As the officers of the United States responsible for the law enforcement , defense and intelligence functions of the Government , we urge your Commission not to further pursue the proposed request to participate in the questioning of detainees . ”
FireDogLake ’s Marcy
Wheeler speculates that this was an attempt by the Bush administration to ensure that its torture of certain detainees , which has since been widely documented , remained secret .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ [ W ] hoever made these annotations appears to have been most worried that Commission staff members could make independent judgments about the detainees and the interrogations , ” Wheeler wrote on her blog .
The official “ did n’t want anyone to independently evaluate the interrogations conducted in the torture program . ”
Eventually , the commission ’s co-chairs harshly criticized the administration for having purportedly “ destroyed ” tapes of its interrogations with terror suspects , as Raw Story reported last year .
9/11 Commission members Thomas Kean and Lee H. Hamilton wrote that although US President George W. Bush had ordered all executive branch agencies to cooperate with the probe , “ recent revelations that the CIA destroyed videotaped interrogations of Qaeda operatives leads us to conclude that the agency failed to respond to our lawful requests for information about the 9/11 plot . ”
“ Those who knew about those videotapes — and did not tell us about them — obstructed our investigation . ”
They continued : “ There could have been absolutely no doubt in the mind of anyone at the CIA — or the White House — of the commission ’s interest in any and all information related to Qaeda detainees involved in the 9/11 plot .
“ Yet no one in the administration ever told the commission of the existence of videotapes of detainee interrogations , ” Kean and Hamilton wrote .
ADVERTISEMENT
The letter can be found on page 26 of the ACLU ’s set of unveiled documents .
( CNN ) --
A bill that will create a tourism promotion organization for the United States has received its final passage in the Senate .
The Travel Promotion
Act calls for a nonprofit Corporation for Travel Promotion that will promote the United States as a travel destination and explain travel and security policies to international visitors .
" This is a historic victory for the U.S. economy and one in eight American workers whose jobs depend on travel , " Roger Dow , president and CEO of the U.S. Travel Association , said in a statement .
President Obama is expected to sign the bill , which the Senate passed 78 - 18 Thursday , in the next 10 days , according to the travel association .
A $ 10 fee charged to visitors from countries included in the Visa Waiver Program will partially fund the public - private organization .
These visitors will pay the fee every two years when they register online using the Department of Homeland Security 's Electronic System for Travel Authorization .
The rest of the funding will come through a matching program of up to $ 100 million in private sector contributions .
If the corporation is able to raise the projected $ 200 million annually , the organization would be the largest national tourism communications program in the world , Dow said .
National tourism organizations in countries including Greece , Australia and Mexico each spent more than $ 100 million on tourism marketing in 2005 , according to the U.N. World Tourism Organization .
The United States spent about $ 6 million the same year -- the last year for which figures are available .
Oxford Economics , an economic consulting and forecasting company , estimates a well - executed promotional program would draw 1.6 million new international visitors annually and generate $ 4 billion in new visitor spending .
Some opponents of the legislation said that charging overseas visitors a fee to promote the United States will deter them from visiting .
" We do n't want foreigners to have to jump through so many hoops that they just give up and do n't bother coming to the U.S. , " Steven Lott , a spokesman for the International Air Transport Association , told CNN before final passage of the bill .
The IATA represents airlines around the world .
Lott said improving entry and exit procedures would help U.S. tourism more than a promotional organization .
Dow acknowledged the legislation is not a magic bullet for the industry .
" Let 's not be naive here .
Travel promotion is not a panacea for our international travel issues .
There 's many things we have to continue to work on such as ... continuing to improve our visa process and all the entry processes . "
Dow said he does not think the $ 10 fee will have a negative impact on visitation , particularly when compared with entry and exit fees for other countries that are rolled into airline ticket prices .
The true casualty of Battlefield : Bad Company 2 is n’t the hundreds of soldiers who die each round , or even the dozens of vehicles that lie strewn across the battlefield , slowly reduced to scrap and rubble by continued ordnance as they ’re used as cover by desperate marines .
The true casualty is the scenery .
You ’re presented with a pristine ( or mostly pristine ) landscape that is about to become a battlefield .
The soldiers are like a horde of locusts , sweeping through for their conflict , leaving the entire place ravaged and skeletal , each building a carcass stripped of all its outer walls , and most its inner , until it ’s little more than a few support columns and what remains of a roof .
Bad Company 2 is devastation : arbitrary and completely unhindered .
There ’s an inherent lack of fairness in Battlefield : Bad Company 2 that reeks of realism .
There are dozens of ways someone else has an advantage over you , and almost all of them can and will happen , to the extent where just picking where to spawn is a delicate risk assessment venture .
The adage ‘ Life ’s not fair ’ may seem cheesy , but when applied to a battlefield , it becomes a little more pertinent .
But that ’s ok .
Yes , there is an almost laughable amount of different ways someone else can kill you with little to no chance on your part to counter them , but the flipside of that is that you ’re also a person , and so you can do just as many dickish things to them .
And we all know that being a dick is superfun .
Let me tell you about my favourite way to be a dick .
It ’s completely passive , and means I get the rest of my team to be dicks on my behalf , but that ’s just fine with me , because they ’re the ones getting shot at .
It involves me finding the safest high place I can , and then slowly sweeping my sights over the battlefield , picking out enemy players and pressing ‘ Q ’ .
This puts a little marker over their heads for about twenty seconds .
Well , that ’s twenty seconds if they survive that long .
Playing as a spotter makes you suddenly feel invaluable to your team .
Mark a tank and all the engineers whip out their anti-tank launchers and take it out .
Mark a sniper and all your snipers start taking pot shots .
And marking the other soldiers just gets everyone to dick on them .
The other benefit of it is that it provides order in the chaos of the battlefield .
As anyone who has played a Battlefield game before will know , things get , to put it mildly , frenetic .
Grenades are exploding , tanks are rolling past , and thousands of rounds of ammunition are sailing through the sky , just waiting to plunge into a soft , fleshy target .
And , with DICE ’s Frostbite engine , that chaos is elevated to a whole new level of crazy .
Buildings explode , craters litter the ground , and the cover you ’re cowering behind is only a second away from becoming an impromptu shrapnel grenade .
And , y’know , not cover any more .
For a beta , Bad Company 2 seems to be on the near side of polished , and while there are a few latent lag issues and the odd bug relating to key inputs , it seems to be more there to provide information on balancing , to make the whole thing more streamlined and .. well , balanced , when it comes out in March .
Thing is , there ’s a certain level of imbalance that seems a requisite for a game like this .
It ’s trying to provide the feeling of being part of an army , holding a front against the enemy and defending or attacking a position .
And really , I do n’t think there ’s ever been a single instance of two armies being evenly matched .
One might have numbers , but the other skill , and with the level that ’s been provided for the Beta , such asymmetrical concepts have been introduced with the vehicles that are provided .
Featuring a game mode called ‘ Rush ’ , which involves one team attacking while the other defends a pair of points that have to be bombed before the attackers can advance to the next pair of points , the snowy strip that provides the battlefield quickly devolves into a mess of ramshackle buildings , yawing with gaping artillery cavities and rubble - strewn wounds , what once were walls now just a bigger doorway .
It ’s out of this that the real joy of Bad Company 2 emanates .
It can only really happen in the multiplayer space .
There ’s an emergent narrative that slowly builds in each match that is almost the sole reason for continued play .
Sure , there ’s a ranking system and unlocks , but this is where the real meat of the game lies .
It ’s the time you and your squad huddled behind the burning wreckage of a tank , gunning down enemies as they run in to take you out .
It ’s the time you managed to get past the enemy defences unnoticed , and stabbed and shot your way through a group of snipers nesting in the upper levels of a half - built house .
Or it ’s the time you found an enemy sniper in a building across the street , and then when you went over to deal with him , found him gone , and in the building you just vacated .
You head over , a frantic pistol duel ensues , and while he reloads you stab him in the throat .
Man , that was satisfying .
These are n’t new stories .
Well , they are , but the platform providing them is n’t .
Really , the huge , glaring , attention - seeking part of Bad Company 2 is that this is the first time Frostbite has made it to our PCs .
And it ’s been worth the wait , really .
It provides an extra layer of verisimilitude that makes it all the easier to slip into the role of the soldier and start swearing over the gunfire as an RPG just whistles past your head .
Blind siding a gun emplacement by blowing out the flanking wall just feels right , in a way that was n’t possible before .
The way the ground deforms under artillery and heavy weapons looks damn - near perfect , and having a mounted gun suddenly notice you in a forest and open fire , only to cut down half the trees around you is one of the most exhilarating , and terrifying , experiences I ’ve had in a while .
A software engineer furious with the Internal Revenue Service plowed his small plane into an office building housing nearly 200 federal tax employees after setting his home on fire Thursday , officials said .
Enlarge By Jay Janner , AP Smoke billows from a seven - story building after a small private plane crashed into the building Thursday in Austin .
AUSTIN 
As it dove out of the sky toward an IRS field office Thursday morning , Joseph Stack 's small single - engine Piper Dakota became a screaming 3,000 - pound missile .
" It was low , straight and fast , " said Stuart Newberg , who was stopped at a traffic light when Stack 's plane whizzed past before slamming into the offices that housed 190 IRS employees .
Stack , a 53 - year - old software engineer apparently enraged over tax issues , plowed the plane into the side of the building , triggering a massive fireball that engulfed the offices .
He is presumed dead , and one other person in the building is believed to have been killed ; 13 others were injured , two critically .
Emergency crews recovered two bodies .
Austin Fire Department Battalion Chief Palmer
Buck declined to discuss the identities of those found , but said authorities had now " accounted for everybody .
"
The FBI said Stack is believed to have acted alone .
But the plumes of black smoke triggered vivid memories of the 9/11 suicide hijackings that killed nearly 3,000 people in 2001 , and renewed fears that even a small plane can cause horrific damage in the wrong hands .
" It 's a vulnerability , a weakness we hope terrorists do n't exploit , " said Rep. Michael McCaul , a Republican from Austin who is on the House Homeland Security Committee .
A rambling letter that was part screed against the government and part suicide note appeared Thursday on a website registered to Stack .
In the note , signed " Joe Stack ( 1956 - 2010 ) , " he said he slowly came to the conclusion that " violence not only is the answer , it is the only answer . "
Three federal law enforcement sources , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is pending , said evidence authorities had gathered indicated that Stack had written the 3,000 - word " manifesto . "
The writer of the letter complains that he is being unfairly targeted by the IRS and rages at accountants who prepared his taxes .
" I choose to not keep looking over my shoulder at ' big brother ' while he strips my carcass , " the letter says .
" I choose not to ignore what is going on all around me , I choose not to pretend that business as usual wo n't continue ; I have just had enough . "
No warning at airport Stack , in recent years active as a bass guitarist with a honky - tonk Austin rock band , gave no indication that he was about to launch a deadly attack , according to many who knew him .
Police said Thursday that something appeared to have set him off .
Stack set fire to his family home Thursday morning , then headed to a small airport nearby .
R.L. Quinn , owner of Awesome Aviation & Pilot Shop , said he saw Stack 's distinctly painted plane around 9 a.m. yesterday morning as it left the area near his hangar .
Quinn was driving a golf cart across the airport to drop off a letter .
Aircraft normally have the right - of - way , but the pilot waited to let Quinn pass , he said .
" I waved at him to say thank you , " said Quinn , who knew Stack from seeing him occasionally around the airport .
" He waved back . "
Twelve minutes later , the plane smashed into the Echelon I office building , near a busy highway intersection in northwest Austin and in sight of dozens of motorists .
Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo credited a fast response by rescue workers with saving the lives of several people in the building .
Acevedo also said the low - flying plane may have been spotted by some of the office workers in the moments before impact .
" Some folks might have seen this aircraft coming and yelled out some warnings , " Acevedo said .
' A reasonable guy ' Billy Eli , 47 , an Austin singer and songwriter , said Stack played bass in his band from about 2005 - 08 and that he gave no indication of being violent .
Stack was part of the band , described on its website as " gritty Texan bar - room country , " for an album called Amped Out .
Stack appears on the album cover wearing a cowboy hat and jeans .
Eli described Stack as " a reasonable guy who liked quality musical instruments .
He was n't a quiet guy , but he was not boisterous .
A middle - of - the - road guy .
He knew a lot of stuff about a lot of different things .
He liked electronics . "
Eli said he last spoke with Stack just before Christmas .
" Today was the first I knew he was having any IRS issues , " Eli said .
Jim Hemphill , 49 , an Austin attorney who played guitar in the band , said he also was shocked .
" I never saw anything like this in Joe , " Hemphill said .
" But we were n't the kind of friends who would talk about personal or political things .
We just played music together . "
Hemphill said he saw Stack for the last time about a month ago when he had dinner at Stack 's home , along with his wife and stepdaughter .
The 33 - paragraph manifesto that the FBI believes Stack wrote is typed neatly with near - perfect grammar .
It drips with cynicism , paranoia and narcissism .
In it , the writer rails on greedy corporations , corrupt politicians and , as an apparent last straw , a self - serving accountant who allegedly botched Stack 's tax returns and got him in trouble with the IRS .
California tax records seem to parallel the letter .
Two of Stack 's businesses were suspended by state authorities in California for tax problems .
The state 's Franchise Tax Board suspended the license of Software System Service in 2004 because of $ 1,153 in unpaid corporate income taxes from 1996 and 2002 .
Four years earlier , it suspended Prowess Engineering because the company failed to file a 1994 tax return , board spokeswoman Denise Azini said .
Although the targets of Stack 's apparent rage vary in his final letter , the gripe is consistent :
No one cared about him .
The manifesto begins with an indictment of politicians who are " not the least bit interested in me or anything I have to say , " and goes on to say that he had discovered that his accountant " was representing himself and not me . "
Stack harks back to financiers in the Great Depression who leaped from Wall Street skyscrapers after losing everything .
" Now , " he wrote , " the poor get to die for the mistakes .
" I saw it written once that the definition of insanity is repeating the same process over and over and expecting the outcome to suddenly be different , " the letter says .
" I am finally ready to stop this insanity .
" Well , Mr. Big Brother IRS man , let 's try something different ; take my pound of flesh and sleep well . "
Small plane , big damage Even though Stack 's plane — with a total weight of 3,000 pounds and a top speed of about 200 mph — is tiny compared with the large jets used by radical Islamic terrorists on Sept. 11 , 2001 , it was capable of creating a significant explosion and fire , according to aviation accident investigators .
The Dakota carries up to 77 gallons of fuel , according to a Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) fact sheet on the plane .
" That 's enough for an enormous fire , " said Steve Wallace , the former head of the FAA 's accident investigation office .
" And particularly if the pilot was deliberately trying to drive the plane into the building . "
McCaul , the area 's congressman , agrees .
" This little Piper caused devastating damage — it almost brought the entire building down , " he said .
McCaul added that he fears terrorists will see the damage Stack caused and plan copycat attacks .
" I think it 's been on the radar of al - Qaeda and others , " he said of using private planes in terror attacks .
" This just re-emphasizes the fact that it can be done , and they may attempt to do the same thing . "
When the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) proposed the first security regulations for private airplanes in late 2008 , it exempted 150,000 small airplanes that it did not consider to be threats .
The regulations , which are being revised , targeted 15,000 business jets that the TSA said could cause significant damage if terrorists were to pack one with explosives and fly it into a building .
These jets " could be used effectively to commit a terrorist act , " the TSA said in proposing background checks for people boarding private jets .
That assertion was challenged last year by the Homeland Security Department 's inspector general .
Private aviation " does not present a serious homeland security vulnerability requiring TSA to increase regulatory oversight , " Inspector General Richard Skinner said in a report .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano disputed the conclusion .
Levin and Frank reported from Washington ; Jayson from Austin .
Contributing : Kevin Johnson in Vancouver , Brad Heath and Donna Leinwand in Washington .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The mind ca n’t erase what the soul ca n’t embrace
The most anticipated death metal release of 2010 ( along with the upcoming Morbid Angel , of course ) Majesty and Decay has everything to please any sophisticated fan of the genre , yet still does n’t quite meet the impossibly high standards of the group ’s past .
The 2007 ’s Shadows in the Light while it seemed to have retained all the ingredients of the New York masters ’ brew somehow failed to live up to spoiled listeners ’ expectations .
The unfortunate flirting with “ nu metal ” elements as well as almost complete discarding of drumming - based structure poisoned the arrangements and conveyed a bad aftertaste to the whole record .
Still head and shoulders above any fellow North American squad Immolation has taken the prolonged break in order to revise their direction and yet again prove themselves the ruling kings of the genre .
The best news Majesty and Decay has to offer is Steve Shalaty ’s drumming .
The man has been replacing Immolation ’s godly Alex Hernandez ever since 2005 ’s Harnessing Ruin but it is only here that he unlocks his true talent .
Steve has surely developed his own musical language since 2007 and the band has finally regained its rhythmic “ pillars ” .
Everything has fallen into place at last : blasting endurance , inventive drum breaks and mid-paced punishment .
The “ inverted ” riffing – although not as all - pervasive as on , say , Close to a World Below , – stresses the drumming very nicely and allows for some smooth gliding down the interwoven landscape of melody .
Indeed , what sets the album apart in the vast Immolation discography is the use of melody .
While the band is still a riff - fed beast , the heavy metal melody injecting the solos and seeping through the riffs enriches the sound world of the group , introduces “ humanity ” to the demonic environment of their instrumentation .
The songs are shorter compared to the classic 90s era material , more to - the - point composition - wise , and definitely more “ human ” than we have come to expect from these New Yorkers .
Vigna ( wonderfully supported by Bill Taylor as usual ) goes right after Shalaty in this album ’s list of heroes .
The tight , powerful riffing , the wild soloing echoing with sadness and despair – all of it enhanced by the tasteful and balanced production ensures a satisfying listen .
Guitars are put to good use in both the “ Intro ” and the “ Interlude ” , which indeed set the atmosphere very well .
Ross Dolan ’s vocals have become completely decipherable on here without loosing the emotion and recklessness , while his bass is so elegantly put into the mix that it acquires percussive quality at times .
All of the above perfectly reflects the lyrical themes of the album : the loneliness of modern man lost in the midst of colossal fight for world domination , the evaporation of values and purposes igniting intrinsic hells and leaving no hope for the spirit .
“ Our threatened kingdoms The world is divided Trample ourselves While we claw for the prize ”
Still , the album comes with its share of flaws too .
The band implements the tension buildup / release approach in some of the songwriting here and not only fails to achieve the desired effect , but sometimes looses momentum completely ( most notably “ The Purge ” , “ Divine Code ” , “ Power and Shame ” ) .
The distribution of Immolation ’s volatile energy here often reduces the impact instead of boosting it .
This new trick is still very raw / unrefined and cannot fully replace the mathematic complexity of their 90s output .
The classic ( and eagerly awaited ) “ last song devastation ” is also pretty much wasted here : next to all the best , epic songs scattered across the album “ The Comfort of Cowards ” feels pretty weak ( while certainly not entirely filler ) for a killing blow .
The cover art is a disgrace .
This computer game - like visual representation does justice neither to music nor lyrics .
Also , the band probably needs to consider revising their logo after all these years of using a stretched font as one .
All in all , this is a mandatory purchase for anyone with at least a slight interest in today ’s metal .
It is entirely possible that Immolation ’s return will be the finest mainstream death metal album by the end of the year ( even with all the mentioned flaws taken into account ) as this reviewer doubts Morbid Angel or any other competitor for that matter has the guts to top this material .
- The Eye in the Smoke -
Tags : 2010 , death metal , immolation , mainstream metal , Majesty and Decay , nuclear blast records , review
At the Haggard Law Office , our personal injury and criminal defense lawyers are known for taking cases to trial to get justice for military personnel at Fort Campbell army post , as well as civilians throughout western Kentucky .
Among The Top 25 Trial Lawyers In Kentucky
According to The Kentucky Trial Court Review , Kenneth R. Haggard ranks among the top 25 in terms of the number of personal injury cases tried .
That is out of all of the 15,000 lawyers in the state .
His trial record in criminal defense is no less impressive .
His son and fellow lawyer at the law firm , Charles Robert Haggard , is on his way to joining these ranks as well .
Why You Need A Trial Lawyer
Do not assume that the insurance company will simply hand over a fair settlement in a personal injury case or that a criminal prosecutor will offer the best deal .
Our opponents may need to be pushed in the right direction , and the threat of trial provides that push .
They know that if they do not work with us through negotiation , they will find themselves standing against us in court , where we have an established record of success .
We will fight for justice .
Personal Care Every Step Of The Way
It ’s not just our fighting spirit that has made us the go - to attorneys in Hopkinsville and the surrounding area for more than 28 years .
It ’s the attention and care we provide to everyone we represent .
We are proud to call our clients friends , even after we have won their cases .
Free Consultation : Hopkinsville Personal Injury And Criminal Defense Lawyers
Call 888-368-1105 or send us an email .
Free consultations available in most cases .
Posted by John , January 7th , 2010 - under Labor Left , Labor Party , Same - sex adoption .
Tags : Adoption , ALP
New South Wales Community Services Minister Linda Burney has rejected a proposal to allow same sex couples in the state to adopt children .
This is despite the fact that a majority of a parliamentary committee examining the issue recommended such a move go ahead in the best interests of children .
The Minister said that ‘ the Government is not satisfied there is broad enough community support to justify new state legislation at this stage . ’
What weasel words are ‘ at this stage . ’
It is politics on the never never .
This is a novel approach to Government .
There is majority community backing for removing same sex discrimination from the statute books .
Poll after poll shows there is majority support for same sex marriage .
Yet this New South Wales Labor Government wo n’t even allow same sex adoption .
Governments often have to make decisions that divide the community .
That is why we vote for them .
Indeed , given the level of support for same sex couples , allowing adoption would probably be a vote winner for this walking dead Government .
But they wo n’t do it .
What the Government is afraid of is that there is not enough support within the Parliamentary Labor Party for this move , not the community .
It looks like the Christian right is in charge of the Government .
They will shelve any semblance of progressive measures for fear , not of upsetting the community , but of upsetting their own reactionaries .
The ACT and Western Australia already allow same sex adoption .
The sun still comes up .
The kids are loved ; that is the most important thing .
By pandering to conservative forces in its own Party , the New South Wales Labor Government further fortifies the foundations of a massive conservative win at the next election in 2011 .
Burney is from the Left of the Party .
If the only result of being in power is to capitulate to the right , why bother with the Labor Party ?
The national campaign for same sex marriage held successful rallies across Australia last year .
There will be more rallies and demonstrations this year , hopefully drawing in more people .
Same sex adoption should be one of the demands .
There can be no equality for same sex couples without the ability to adopt .
Israel is on schedule to inaugurate a revolutionary electric car grid with dozens of recharge stations and thousands of cars on the road by next year , the project 's developers said Sunday .
The California - based company Better Place hopes Israel 's model will lead a shift toward electric transportation worldwide .
Between 70 and 100 recharge stations will open across the country by 2011 to service a fleet of electric vehicles , the company announced at a news conference unveiling a visitor center north of Tel Aviv .
Beginning in September , the company will test hundreds of cars and install a preliminary infrastructure before the project 's commercial launch .
When the grid is complete , drivers will be able to recharge their vehicles using plugs installed next to parking spaces .
On longer trips , motorists can stop at stations where a machine can replace the car 's lithium ion battery .
The cars , developed with Renault - Nissan , have a range of about 100 miles ( 160 kilometers ) before the battery must be replaced .
Better Place has said users will pay for a monthly package that will include the price of the car , the battery and use of the grid .
But it has yet to announce how much all of this will cost , saying only that the price will be equal to or less than the price of a regular car .
' Solving problem for entire world '
The company , founded by Israel - American businessman Shai Agassi , a former top executive at software giant SAP AG , raised $ 350 million from an HSBC - led investor consortium last month , one of the largest clean - tech investments in history .
The new financing values Better Place at $ 1.25 billion .
Speaking Sunday , Agassi said his goal was to help end global dependence on oil .
" Israel has taken on the problem ( of oil dependency ) and has decided independently to solve this for the entire world , " he said .
The visitor center opened Sunday offers interactive tours , test drives of the electric car , and an automated station to get on the wait list to buy the new car .
Agassi reported heavy interest in the vehicle , but gave no numbers .
Senior Bush administration officials , including former President George W. Bush himself , have been asked to give testimony before a British committee investigating the basis for the invasion of Iraq , according to a published report .
Other officials contacted by the panel include former Vice President Dick Cheney , former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and former Bush adviser Stephen Hadley , among others .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Members of Sir John Chilcot ’s panel are believed to be willing to travel to the US to take evidence – almost certainly in private – on the administration ’s policies between the 2003 invasion of Iraq and 2009 , ” The Telegraph reported on Sunday .
The paper ’s lead is based on statements made by unnamed sources in Washington , D.C. , and the story notes that even while the Chilcot has succeeded in obtaining testimony from high - ranking British officials , it does not have subpoena power in the U.K. or U.S .
The panel has so far managed to put former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and current Prime Minister Gordon Brown on the hot seat for hours at a time , forcing both men to offer repeated justification for the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
However , while the Telegraph claimed approximately 10 Bush officials had responded positively to the panel , Washington Post columnist Al Kamen noted on Friday that most were “ decidedly cool ” to the idea .
He writes :
“ The general view , ” we were told , was that while everyone was free to talk , “ it was not right for American officials to be subject to a foreign investigative body . ”
Former national security adviser Hadley , for example , was said to have been among those voicing a strong disinclination to participate .
A decidedly minority view was that talking to the panel made some sense , on the assumption that it might be worth the effort to get the administration ’s views into the official record .
Still plenty of time to sign up !
Regardless of whether the interviews happen or not , the British panel cannot accept “ formal evidence ” from foreign former officials , the Post reported in February .
ADVERTISEMENT
After his six hour testimony before the Chilcot panel , former PM Tony Blair blasted what he called the U.K. ’s love of “ conspiracy , ” claiming his motives in launching an unprovoked war were pure .
Sitting PM Gordon Brown later reaffirmed his predecessor ’s sentiment , calling the invasion the “ right decision . ”
The United States and the United Kingdom both went to war with Iraq amid fervently repeated claims that the late Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , even as weapons inspectors claimed there was no proof .
After seven years of war and hundreds of thousands of Iraqi deaths , no such weapons have ever been found .
When American officials were forced to state publicly that Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction , they blamed the intelligence community and professed their personal honesty .
A key British document called the “ Downing Street Memo ” later surfaced , detailing U.S. and British pre-war political strategy , noting that the decision to invade was made months before it was announced and that “ intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Paul R. Pillar , a former national intelligence officer with the Central Intelligence Agency , later confessed in a piece for Foreign Affairs that the Bush administration had used the intelligence community ’s resources to “ cherry pick ” information that aided their drive to war .
Red Bull 's Mark Webber says he has no plans to retire
Webber is lining up for his ninth Australian Grand Prix Red Bull 's Mark Webber has dismissed rumours that he is ready to retire , insisting he is raring to go ahead of the Australian Grand Prix on Sunday .
McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton suggested the Aussie may quit at the end of the season in order to bow out at the top .
But the 33 - year - old , who won two grands prix last year , says he has no plans to call time on his Formula 1 career .
He said : " I 'm very motivated , enjoying my job and looking forward to a great season .
I 've no intention of retiring . "
Webber added : " It is Lewis ' opinion and he is free to have that and I do n't have a problem with that .
" I am very happy at the moment driving for who I am driving for .
It is a very , very good situation at the moment and I am looking forward to it . "
Webber became the first Australian since Alan Jones in 1981 to win a Grand Prix when he won at Nurburgring in Germany last July and he went on to record a second F1 victory at the Brazilian Grand Prix .
He finished fourth in the drivers ' championship last season even though his winter preparations had been hampered by a cycling accident in a charity event in Tasmania that left him with a broken leg .
606 : DEBATE
Webber said that incident left him mentally unready for the season and he believes he is more prepared for the upcoming campaign .
" It is a different ball game to last year , " said Webber , who finished eighth in the opening race of the 2010 season in Bahrain .
" Mentally it is draining to have a winter like that .
Now there are a lot less concerns for me , I already have a Grand Prix under my belt and while there are still a few little niggles here and there they are absolutely nothing compared to last year .
" I am in good shape , I feel good and I am ready to go for a whole season and obviously not just this weekend . "
Red Bull Renault have the significant advantage of heading into the new season with continuity in their two drivers , Sebastian Vettel and Webber , and the backup team .
And their rivals concede that the Red Bulls are faster at this early stage of the season after their strong finish to the last , winning 2009 's final three races in Japan , Brazil and Abu Dhabi .
Looking ahead to Sunday 's Australian GP , Webber added : " It would be a beautiful feeling to win your home race , I do n't think there 's any driver who would n't like to have a chance to win their own Grand Prix .
" The car is performing very well and we have the best opportunity to have a crack at it , but you need everything perfect , everything executed right . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An internet protest group has launched an attack on Government websites in a protest against the proposed internet filter and censorship of some pornography .
The attack , dubbed Operation Titstorm by the group known as Anonymous , brought down a number of Government websites this morning , with the Parliament House site remaining offline well into the afternoon .
Anonymous claimed the attack was to highlight moves by the Government to ban the import of films featuring female ejaculation ( which was classified as urination ) as well as films featuring small - breasted women , over fears such films were simulating child pornography .
" More importantly , Anonymous does not approve of the steps already undertaken by the Australian Government to control what their populous [ sic ] sees , " the statement said
" Claiming to be cracking down on ' simulated child pornography , ' many depictions of women with small breasts in pornography have been banned , " the group said in a statement .
" Officials cannot claim that they believe the models in these movies are in fact underage , as the production the titles that have been affected are heavily regulated to ensure the age of the models .
" Instead they are relying on earlier ambiguous wording that allows pornography featuring models that ' appear to be ' under 18 years of age to be treated in the same manner as actual child pornography . "
But lobby groups campaigning against internet censorship in Australia have condemned the attacks as " harmful " .
Stop Internet Censorship co-founder Nicholas Perkins says any illegal action to protest censorship must be condemned .
" By attempting to bring down or deface government websites , a minority of internet users have brought negative attention to what is a very important issue for Australians , " he said in a statement .
In a emailed reply to ABC News Online , an anonymous spokesperson for the group said the protest succeeded in raising awareness about internet censorship .
' Not afraid to act '
" The goal of today 's attacks was to show the Australian Government that we are not afraid to act , and to raise awareness of the issue of internet censorship and our group 's dedication to fighting it , " the email said .
" Myself and the other protesters are quite satisfied with the results of our initial attacks .
The spokesperson also said while they understood concerns the group was doing more harm than good , they would continue to step up attacks on the Government .
" In terms of our response to claims that our attacks did more harm than good ... this is a legitimate concern , " the spokesperson said .
" These people should know that our recent attacks were simply the first of many planned protests .
" We plan to employ a variety of protesting methods in the future , including many quite different from those used today .
Anonymous has quite a number of tricks up its collective sleeve . "
Mr Perkins said Anonymous should instead focus on educating the public about the ineffectiveness of the proposed internet filter .
" Educating families , friends and the local community about that the filter will not work , does not target child pornographers or paedophiles , and could result in parents believing that their children are safe when they are not , is more important , " he said .
" Parents need to be aware that any attempt to filter the internet by internet service providers will never work as well as filtering technologies that can be used within the home . " '
A spokeswoman for the Attorney - General 's Department said the Government was aware of the attacks and had briefed agencies identified as targets .
She said the Australian Parliament House website was down " due to a distributed denial of service attack by individuals belonging to the ' Anonymous ' group " .
" Australian Government agencies identified as potential targets by ' Anonymous ' were briefed in advance and were provided with suggested mitigation strategies , " the release said .
" The Department of Defence Cyber Security Operations Centre continues to monitor the situation . "
Looks a lot better here ( larger and with black background ) :-----S. M. Kriebelphotog@foov.net
Here in Nashville , there ’s a certain low - frequency buzz .
And if you ’re quiet and listen very hard , you ’ll hear the sounds that make up that buzz – the electronic bleeps of grocery cash registers ringing up hot chocolate and popcorn , the rumble of salt trucks and the fervently whispered prayers of thousands of kids ( and their teachers ) – because , OMG , SNOW IS IN THE FORECAST .
Four inches .
This Friday .
To many of you , that ’s nothing .
A dusting .
A joke .
But here ?
Any accumulation is cause for celebration .
And an excellent excuse for making a chocolate chip cookie bigger than your head .
Something fun to bake , break and nibble while you watch the big flakes fall .
You start with a batch of chocolate chip cookie dough .
( The one given has slightly less butter and egg than most . )
Then , instead of dropping tablespoons of the dough onto baking sheets , you press all of the cookie dough into the bottom of a 10 - inch ovenproof skillet and bake it for about 45 minutes .
Once the cookie has cooled , you ’ll be able to invert it onto a plate or cutting board , and divide it into rich , cakey , chocolate - filled wedges .
Just do n’t forget the milk or a serious scoop of vanilla ice cream .
And maybe some caramel sauce .
And remember , it ’s not the size of the snow .
It ’s how much fun you have with your flakes .
Here ’s to the Blizzard of 2010 !
Below are the fastest times produced by the teams and drivers at the final pre-season F1 test at Barcelona over the last 4 days .
It provides a good insight into the relative performance of the different teams .
The top 13 drivers , represented by 7 different teams and 4 different engines , are separated by half a second .
That means we are in for one hell of a competitive season with no team clearly ahead of the rest .
Driver ( Team ) Day 1 Day 2 Day 3 Day 4 Diff . 1 - Hamilton ( McLaren ) 1m22.152 1m20.472 2 - Webber ( Red Bull ) 1m21.487 1m20.496 +0.024 3 - Massa ( Ferrari ) 1m22.344 1m20.539 +0.067 4 - Sutil ( Force India ) 1m22.606 1m20.611 +0.139 5 - Hulkenberg ( Williams ) 1m22.407 1m20.614 +0.142 6 - Alonso ( Ferrari ) 1m24.170 1m20.637 +0.165 7 - Vettel ( Red Bull ) 1m21.258 1m23.254 1m20.667 +0.195 8 - Rosberg ( Mercedes ) 1m22.514 1m20.686 +0.214 9- Schumacher ( Mercedes ) 1m21.689 1m20.745 +0.273 10 - Barrichello ( Williams ) 1m21.975 1m20.870 +0.398 11-Kobayashi ( Sauber ) 1m26.216 1m20.911 +0.439 12 - De la Rosa ( Sauber ) 1m23.144 1m20.973 +0.501 13-Liuzzi ( Force India ) 1m24.064 1m21.056 +0.584 14-Buemi ( Toro Rosso ) 1m21.413 1m22.135 +0.941 15-Button ( McLaren ) 1m23.452 1m21.450 +0.978 16-Alguersuari ( Toro Rosso ) 1m24.869 1m21.571 +1.099 17 - Petrov ( Renault ) 1m24.173 1m22.523 +2.051 18-Kubica ( Renault ) 1m24.912 1m23.175 +2.703 19 - Trulli ( Lotus ) 1m25.524 1m25.059 +4.587 20 - Kovalainen ( Lotus ) 1m25.251 +4.779 21 - Glock ( Virgin ) 1m25.942 1m26.305 +5.470 22 - Di Grassi ( Virgin ) 1m27.057 1m26.160 +5.688 23 - Fauzy ( Lotus ) 1m28.002 +7.530
Hamilton set his fastest time of 1m20.472secs on the final lap of a 4 - lap run , which means the McLaren has a very good low - fuel speed .
Force India have done better than a lot people were expecting .
Comparisons of different drivers are less clear and one has to take into account what is happening in that team , developments and track conditions .
For example , Button ’s best time was nearly a second slower than Hamilton , but that was the first day McLaren were trying a significant new aero package and from his work , they were able to make set up improvements today .
However , the times produced by the drivers of Ferrari , Red Bull , Williams , Mercedes , Sauber , Toro Rosso , Lotus and Virgin are all very similar to their teammates .
Lotus appears to be winning the battle of the new teams , but it seems to be quite close in times .
A more detailed Barcelona Day 4 report can be found here .
Jake McMillan
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Cassini completed its initial four year mission to explore Saturn in June 2008
The US space agency Nasa has extended the international Cassini - Huygens mission once again .
The unmanned Cassini -Huygens probe arrived at Saturn in 2004 on a mission that was meant to come to end in 2008 .
Its mission had already been extended up to 2010 .
Nasa now says the spacecraft will explore the Saturn system until 2017 .
Dr Jim Green , director of Nasa 's planetary science division , announced the extension on Wednesday .
" We have now an approved Cassini extended extended mission , " he said during a meeting of Nasa 's planetary science sub-committee .
In 2007 , Cassini discovered a new ring around Saturn and since the mission 's first extension , the probe obtained evidence that one of Saturn 's moons , Enceladus , retains liquid water beneath its surface .
A crooked cop , a mob boss and the young girl they abuse are the denizens of a city 's criminal underworld .
It 's a world that ordinary Arthur Poppington does n't understand and does n't belong in , but is committed to fighting when he changes into a vigilante super - hero of his own making , Defendor .
With no power other than courage Defendor takes to the streets to protect the city 's innocents .
Written by Anonymous
They turned out in their hundreds despite the snow : grizzled old men in overcoats and thick anoraks .
Nearly all of them were in their late eighties and many hobbled on walking sticks .
Watched by more than 1,000 blue - uniformed riot police , they brandished red-and - white Latvian national flags and barked out patriotic wartime " warrior songs " that echoed ominously through the narrow streets of Riga 's old town .
The march , by some 350 surviving former members of Latvia 's Nazi Waffen SS division and more than 2,000 of their supporters , looked like an act of collective octogenarian defiance .
In many ways , it was .
Only hours earlier , Efraim Zuroff of the Simon Wiesenthal Centre , the man currently considered to be the world 's leading Nazi hunter , had called on Latvia to ban public celebrations marking the country 's controversial Legionnaires '
Day , calling it an " attempt to rewrite history " .
He was backed by Jewish groups , Holocaust memorial organisations and by Nils Usakovs , Riga 's ethnic Russian Mayor , who insisted : " It is a bit difficult to claim to be a hero if you were fighting for the Nazis . "
But at the last minute , Riga 's district court overturned the ban after judges agreed that a city which last year permitted a controversial gay pride parade could not in all fairness prohibit a march by former Waffen SS men .
Controversy has always surrounded Latvia 's so - called Legionnaires ' Day .
It marks the anniversary of a 1943 battle in which two Latvian divisions of some 30,000 Waffen SS troops inflicted defeat on the Soviet Red Army .
This year , however , the occasion has put the spotlight on David Cameron 's Conservative Party , which is politically in bed with the event 's backers .
The Tory leader 's decision to remove his party from the centre - right bloc in the European Parliament has realigned the Conservatives with questionable right - wing groups such as Latvia 's Fatherland and Freedom party , which helped to organise yesterday 's parade .
After an emotional church service held in Riga 's 14th - century cathedral , more than 2,000 Nazi veterans and their supporters were allowed to march freely through the snowbound streets of the city .
Flanked by hundreds of Latvian flags , they placed flowers and Waffen SS memorabilia at the foot of the city 's 1930s - built freedom and fatherland monument , which was erected to celebrate Latvia 's post - First World War independence .
A large gang of young ethnic Russians represented the other side .
They brandished placards bearing the words " Waffen SS " and the names of Latvian villages where atrocities against Jews were committed by Latvian Waffen SS members during the war .
Some 75,000 Jews were murdered in the country during the Nazi occupation .
" It is disgraceful that these people should be allowed to march here , " said one of them , called Mikhail , in his early thirties .
" All the Russians are against it , " he insisted .
Riga 's inhabitants , who number close to a million , are equally divided between Russians and Latvians .
Yet the Russian anti-Waffen SS protesters were in the minority during yesterday 's celebrations .
In Riga , a capital city that was part of the Soviet Union until 1990 , anti-Soviet resentment remains high .
" These Waffen SS veterans were fighting for the liberation of Latvia , " said one respectable - looking man in his fifties .
" They have a right to their celebration . "
That view is echoed by 86 - year - old Visvaldis Lacis , one of 140,000 Latvians who fought on the German side during the Second World War .
Mr Lacis was drafted into the Waffen SS in 1943 and insists he was fighting for an independent Latvia .
He points out that Latvians were prohibited from joining the regular German army and were only permitted to serve in Waffen SS " legions " .
" The Germans and Russians invaded Latvia for centuries and incorporated us into our empires , " he said .
" We chose the lesser of two evils because during the German occupation , the Germans killed or deported 18,000 Latvians , whereas the Russians killed or deported 300,000 .
Were we not right to make such a choice ? " he asked .
Many Latvian SS veterans insist that they were not party to atrocities .
However , Jewish groups point out that Latvian police were recruited by the Germans and took part in the Holocaust .
They were responsible for the mass execution of Jews after the Nazi invasion in 1941 .
These men later willingly joined the Waffen SS .
Historians point out that they were involved in a war against so - called " partisans " which almost certainly involved mass shootings .
" With all my sympathy for the victims of Communism , the crimes of Communism are simply not the same as the Holocaust .
Part of this is fuelled by a desire to deflect attention away from the extensive collaboration with the Nazis during the Second World War , " Mr Zuroff said .
" They thought they were fighting for Latvia but the real beneficiary of these men's service and bravery was Nazi Germany . "
The LNNK : Cameron 's awkward ally
When David Cameron promised to pull the Conservative Party out of the centre - right coalition that sits in the European Parliament , he may not have expected to find himself in a new grouping with the Fatherland and Freedom party .
The Latvian group 's celebration of SS veterans is nothing new , but its potential to cause political headaches for Mr Cameron can only increase in an election year .
One of the oldest parties in Latvia , the LNNK , as it is also known , has been represented in parliament since 1993 .
Its most prominent figure is Juris Dobelis , a Latvian nationalist who commemorates the country 's Waffen - SS men every year .
To Mr Dobelis , this marks his country 's proud resistance against the Russian army ; to many foreign critics , it looks like apologism .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband has called the Conservatives ' connection with the Fatherland and Freedom party " sickening " .
In reply to that remark , Mr Dobelis last year insisted Mr Miliband was " wrong " .
" He does not know the history of Latvia , " he said .
Today , we are releasing the SDK component for Android 2.1 , so that developers can take advantage of the new features introduced in Android 2.1 .
Please read the Android 2.1 release notes for more details .
You can download the Android 2.1 component through the SDK Manager .
In addition to the new SDK , a new USB driver that supports Nexus One is also available today through the SDK Manager .
The USB driver page contains more information .
Legal only if performed during a pregnancy 's first trimester
Legal only if performed during a pregnancy 's first trimester
View a larger image and play around with the zoom function over at the New York Times .
( Side note :
We ’re trying to figure out how this map might relate to the “ Fire Pelosi ” one over on GOP.com .
We ’d love to see a flaming mash - up . )
Comment
The initial rush to join the government 's ID card scheme appears to have eased , with applications from people in the Northwest running at an average of as little as 14.5 per working day .
In a Commons answer yesterday , ID minister Meg Hillier said that as of March 3 there have been 4,307 applications for identity cards from people living in the northwest of England , including Greater Manchester , Cheshire , Merseyside , Lancashire and Cumbria .
Back in January , Hillier told the commons that there had been 3,800 applications / appointments as of January 18 .
Her answer almost coincided with one from Home Secretary Alan Johnson , who said that 3,700 applications had been registered as of January 16 , suggesting a mid-January surge of applications running at 100 a day .
At that point the scheme was only being piloted in Manchester , though non-Mancs were free to register their interest in the scheme .
An earlier answer had said that as of January 14 , 1,300 Mancunians had applied " and attended an enrollment appointment " .
The figures disclosed yesterday refer to a wider area and , excluding all the applications made prior to January 18 , suggest a run rate as low as 14.5 applications ( not appointments ) per working day since then in the Northwest .
There was no explanation for the apparent drop in interest .
Perhaps the easing of January 's big chill means people have other things to be getting on with .
Maybe people have given up biometrics for Lent .
Or perhaps the earlier figures were boosted by journalists and other oddballs trying to be the first in the UK to get an ID card .
Of course , since January the scheme has also been extended to youngsters in London - perhaps the Commons will hear about the surge in applications from booze - hungry Cockneys sometime soon .
Perhaps an Eastenders story line could boost interest .
Assuming the figures do show a drop in applications , it was no surprise that Johnson appeared to be soft - pedalling on plans to roll out " biometric enrolment centres " for the scheme .
Asked by his shadow Chris Grayling whether his Department has plans to open new biometric enrolment centres , Johnson said the Border Agency has an option to roll out post office scanning stations in the 2010 - 2011 financial year , but " no decision has yet been taken on whether to take up this option " .
He added : " The Identity and Passport Service 's ( IPS ) current planning assumptions allow for the provision of biometric enrolment centres during 2012 .
These will be delivered both through IPS offices as in - house services , and also by third party concession arrangements with one or more partners . "
In the meantime , " the system currently in use by IPS for identity card enrolment for British citizens will continue to be incrementally rolled out , taking account of public demand and how we can achieve maximum benefit for the UK and its residents " .
A go - slow on enrolment centres might not necessarily mean the government is getting cold feet about its ID scheme , or endeavouring not to leave a possible incoming Tory government with a network of offices for a scheme Grayling has pledged to scrap .
Rather , with an election coming up it is probably keeping a lid on costs where it can . ®
Suspicions of toxins arise partly because studies have found that disproportionate shares of children develop autism after they are exposed in the womb to medications such as thalidomide ( a sedative ) , misoprostol ( ulcer medicine ) and valproic acid ( anticonvulsant ) .
Of children born to women who took valproic acid early in pregnancy , 11 percent were autistic .
In each case , fetuses seem most vulnerable to these drugs in the first trimester of pregnancy , sometimes just a few weeks after conception .
So as we try to improve our health care , it ’s also prudent to curb the risks from the chemicals that envelop us .
Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey is drafting much - needed legislation that would strengthen the Toxic Substances Control Act .
It is moving ahead despite his own recent cancer diagnosis , and it can be considered as an element of health reform .
Senator Lautenberg says that under existing law , of 80,000 chemicals registered in the U.S. , the Environmental Protection Agency has required safety testing of only 200 .
“ Our children have become test subjects , ” he noted .
One peer - reviewed study published this year in Environmental Health Perspectives gave a hint of the risks .
Researchers measured the levels of suspect chemicals called phthalates in the urine of pregnant women .
Among women with higher levels of certain phthalates ( those commonly found in fragrances , shampoos , cosmetics and nail polishes ) , their children years later were more likely to display disruptive behavior .
Frankly , these are difficult issues for journalists to write about .
Evidence is technical , fragmentary and conflicting , and there ’s a danger of sensationalizing risks .
Publicity about fears that vaccinations cause autism — a theory that has now been discredited — perhaps had the catastrophic consequence of lowering vaccination rates in America .
On the other hand , in the case of great health dangers of modern times — mercury , lead , tobacco , asbestos — journalists were too slow to blow the whistle .
In public health , we in the press have more often been lap dogs than watchdogs .
At a time when many Americans still use plastic containers to microwave food , in ways that make toxicologists blanch , we need accelerated research , regulation and consumer protection .
“ There are diseases that are increasing in the population that we have no known cause for , ” said Alan M. Goldberg , a professor of toxicology at the Bloomberg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University .
“ Breast cancer , prostate cancer , autism are three examples .
The potential is for these diseases to be on the rise because of chemicals in the environment . ”
The precautionary principle suggests that we should be wary of personal products like fragrances unless they are marked phthalate - free .
And it makes sense — particularly for children and pregnant women — to avoid most plastics marked at the bottom as 3 , 6 and 7 because they are the ones associated with potentially harmful toxins .
The milder virtues of the heart are highly respected by a society whose liberal principles must be founded in the immediate laws of truth and justice .
To enlarge the sphere of social happiness is worthy the benevolent design of the Masonic Institution ; and it is most fervently to be wished , that the conduct of every member of the fraternity , as well as those publications which discover the principles which actuate them may tend to convince Mankind that the grand object of Masonry is to promote the happiness of the human race .
Le recrutement récent de George Smoot , Prix Nobel de physique , à l'université Paris - Diderot , n'a pas manqué d'alimenter le débat permanent sur l'enseignement supérieur et la recherche en France .
Une idée reçue voudrait que la recherche française soit à la traîne de celle effectuée outre-Atlantique , à cause de la faiblesse de ses moyens , des rémunérations plus faibles des chercheurs , à cause de la dispersion de ses forces entre organismes et universités de taille sous- critique , à cause d'une gouvernance universitaire trop faible .
Comment , dans un tel contexte , expliquer que l'un des esprits les plus brillants de la cosmologie , George Smoot , qui a effectué l'essentiel de sa carrière dans la prestigieuse université de Berkeley , puisse préférer les rives de la Seine à la baie de San Francisco ?
Et plus , encore , quelle leçon tirer de ce choix ?
Il nous faut commencer par une analyse comparative des structures de recherche entre les deux pays .
Aux Etats - Unis , une culture très individualiste favorise le recrutement de professeurs avec des salaires élevés .
Entourés de nombreux thésards et post - doctorants , ils disposent de financements importants .
Les salaires et les moyens sont indéniablement moins élevés en France .
Cela contribue incontestablement à la fuite de cerveaux français vers les Etats - Unis .
George Smoot le dit lui-même : son salaire de professeur en France sera le salaire le plus bas qui lui aura été proposé depuis longtemps .
Pourtant la recherche française réussit .
Notre pays s'enorgueillit régulièrement aussi de Prix Nobel .
Les laboratoires français et américains publient dans les mêmes revues internationales .
Le laboratoire " Astroparticule et Cosmologie " ( APC ) de Paris - Diderot est un exemple du genre puisqu 'il a réussi à convaincre Georges Smoot que c'est dans ses murs que s'écrivent les pages de la cosmologie contemporaine .
Comment expliquer qu'avec des ressources si différentes , les universités françaises et américaines jouent néanmoins dans la même cour au niveau de la recherche ?
Force est de reconnaître que le modèle français a aussi ses qualités , parmi lesquelles le fonctionnement en équipes soudées , dont les personnels partagent une ambition scientifique commune .
Dans ces équipes , ce n'est pas l'individualisation de la rémunération qui motive les chercheurs .
Ce sont avant tout la générosité et la passion .
C'est bien l'esprit de découverte collectif qui constitue le moteur véritable de la recherche .
George Smoot le dit lui-même : il a choisi le laboratoire APC parce qu'il est l'un des phares de la cosmologie mondiale à l'heure actuelle , parce qu'il rassemble des chercheurs de premier plan au sein d'une équipe remarquable .
La grande leçon que nous devons tirer de la venue de George Smoot est que l'efficacité de la recherche française réside pour une immense part dans la qualité du travail collectif qui se fait dans ses laboratoires .
Nombreuses sont pourtant les analyses qui mettent ce modèle français en danger en proposant d'individualiser les rémunérations des chercheurs " les meilleurs " – en développant une politique de primes très élevées – dans une logique de compétition exacerbée entre les personnes , au motif de récompenser le " mérite " .
Le progrès et l'excellence scientifique seraient fonction de cette mise en concurrence , comme semblerait le démontrer le système universitaire des Etats - Unis .
La mise en concurrence des chercheurs , fondée sur une évaluation toujours plus rigoureuse de leurs performances , serait le nerf du progrès scientifique .
Le modèle français est tout autre .
La force de la recherche française réside non pas dans une pratique individualiste , mais au contraire dans l'intelligence collective des équipes , dans la complémentarité des compétences que celles - ci mobilisent , dans la solidarité des énergies qui s'y investissent .
Cela n'invalide en rien l'importance de l'émulation entre les chercheurs .
Cette émulation constitue , cela va sans dire , une donnée princeps de la recherche ; elle enrichit cette intelligence collective et fait partie de notre culture scientifique .
Contrairement à ce que d'aucuns tentent de nous faire croire , les équipes et les chercheurs qui les animent sont rompus à la logique quotidienne de l'évaluation .
Pour autant , indexer trop fortement les rémunérations des chercheurs sur cette évaluation , en octroyant par exemple à un très petit nombre des primes très élevées , fait peser un risque sur la cohésion des équipes , sur la logique de synergie qui les fait avancer , et finalement sur cette efficacité même que l'on prétend améliorer .
L'analyse technocratique ne doit pas faire l'impasse sur la compréhension en profondeur des motivations humaines qui sont au cœur de la recherche .
Les indicateurs mesurant l'activité des uns ou des autres , aussi précieux soient - ils , ne sauraient jamais se substituer à la nécessaire écoute d'une histoire , d'une culture scientifique et de pratiques sociales qui continuent de faire leurs preuves .
Importer à la hâte des méthodes en contradiction profonde avec notre intelligence collective ferait peser de sérieux risques sur nos laboratoires , sur notre capacité d'innovation , sur notre désir de penser ensemble les savoirs de demain .
Vincent Berger est président de l'université Paris - Diderot .
Le Monde
Click to view
The funny thing about this clip ( from the upcoming season premiere ) of South Park 's Eric Cartmen asking for , and receiving , 500 AK - 47s , is that it is based on a real thing that Blackwater did in Afghanistan .
( The unfunny thing is that it 's almost impossible for the US government to stop doing business with Blackwater , even after they steal hundreds of guns .
Thank god Congress stopped funding those criminals at ACORN , though , right ? )
WHERE GUNS WERE LOST WHERE GUNS WERE LOST Spots where Homeland Security workers lost guns from 2006 through 2008 : A fast - food restaurant bathroom
A car idling in a convenience - store lot
A bowling alley
A toolbox in a truck bed
On a car bumper Source : Homeland Security Department inspector general WASHINGTON 
The nation 's Homeland Security officers lost nearly 200 guns in bowling alleys , public restrooms , unlocked cars and other unsecure areas , with some ending up in the hands of felons .
The problem , outlined in a new federal report , has prompted disciplinary actions and extra training .
Most of the misplaced weapons — including handguns , shotguns and military rifles — were never found .
" Most losses occurred because officers did not properly secure firearms , " says the Homeland Security inspector general report .
At least 15 of the guns ended up in the hands of gang members , criminals , drug users and teenagers , inspector general Richard Skinner found .
His report documented 289 missing firearms from fiscal year 2006 through 2008 , although not all were lost because of negligence .
Some were lost in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and others were stolen from safes .
The report is the first accounting of guns lost by Homeland Security 's 185,000 workers .
Homeland Security " took immediate action " to correct problems , department spokeswoman Amy Kudwa said Wednesday .
Workers are getting extra training and officials are improving tracking and inspection of guns , Kudwa said .
" The department is strongly committed to ensuring that weapons ... are kept secure , " Kudwa said .
Although the number of guns lost is only a small fraction of Homeland Security 's 190,000 firearms , any lost weapon " is a very serious matter , " said Hubert Williams , president of the Police Foundation , a think tank on law - enforcement issues .
" It reflects the competence of the officer . "
The report does not say if any of the guns were used in crimes .
Homeland Security said employees have been fired and suspended for losing guns .
Guns are carried by many Customs , Border Patrol and Immigration agents .
A 2008 report found 76 guns lost by the 4,800 agents of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives in a five - year period ending in 2007 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
London , UK : A rare rhino rat snake ( Rhynchophis boulengeri ) emerging from its shell .
The reptile house managed to produce a clutch of eight snakes , three of which have now gone to different collections as part of an exchange programme to increase the captive population in European zoos .
This species of snake which originates from the mountains of Vietnam has been bred in a European zoo for the first time
Photograph : Ferry Van Stralen / ZSL London Z/EPA
The climate of Siberia varies dramatically .
On the north coast , north of the Arctic Circle , there is a very short ( about one - month - long ) summer .
Almost all the population lives in the south , along the Trans - Siberian Railway .
The climate here is subarctic ( Koppen Dfc or Dwc ) , with the annual average temperature about 0 °C ( 32 °F ) and roughly ? 15 °C ( 5 °F ) average in January and +20 °C ( 68 °F ) in July .
With a reliable growing season , an abundance of sunshine and exceedingly fertile chernozem soils , Southern Siberia is good enough for profitable agriculture , as was proven in the early twentieth century .
The southwesterly winds of Southern Siberia bring warm air from Central Asia and the Middle East .
The climate in West Siberia ( Omsk , Novosibirsk ) is several degrees warmer than in the East ( Irkutsk , Chita ) .
With a lowest record temperature of ?
71.2 °C ( ? 96.2 °F ) , Oymyakon ( Sakha Republic ) has the distinction of being the coldest town on Earth .
But summer temperatures in other regions reach 38 °C ( 100.4 ° F ) .
In general , Sakha is the coldest Siberian region , and the basin of the Yana River has the lowest temperatures of all , with permafrost reaching 1,493 meters ( 4,898 ft ) .
Nevertheless , as far as Imperial Russian plans of settlement were concerned , cold was never viewed as an issue .
In the winter , southern Siberia sits near the center of the semi-permanent Siberian High , so winds are usually light in the winter .
Precipitation in Siberia is generally low , exceeding 500 millimeters ( 20 in ) only in Kamchatka where moist winds flow from the Sea of Okhotsk onto high mountains – producing the region ’s only major glaciers – and in most of Primorye in the extreme south where monsoonal influences can produce quite heavy summer rainfall .
Despite the region ’s notorious cold winters , snowfall is generally quite light , especially in the eastern interior of the region .
Check more Daily News
Robert Jensen , in Getting Off , points out that people who are now in their 20s have consumed more pornography than any other generation in U.S. history .
This has translated , he argues , into a real change in what people do in the bedroom .
For example , he attributes the rise in reporting of anal sex to the increasing ubiquitousness of anal sex in pornography .
Cindy Gallop makes a similar argument in this four - minute presentation in which she introduces her new website , Make Love , Not Porn :
David Cameron , 43
Leader of the Conservative Party
Education Eton College .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 3.2 m *
Expected to inherit million - pound legacies from both sides of his family , David Cameron comes from a long line of stockbrokers .
A direct descendant of King William IV , he is the fifth cousin twice removed of Queen Elizabeth II , and reportedly got his first job in the Conservative Research Department after one of the Queen 's equerries intervened on his behalf .
A former member of Oxford 's notorious Bullingdon Club , Cameron - who said that the large expenses claimed on his constituency home were an " inadvertent mistake " - was described by Norman Lamont as a " brilliant Old Etonian with a taste for the good life " .
* This and other wealth figures are estimates
George Osborne , 38
Shadow chancellor
Education St Paul's School , London .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 4.3 m
George Gideon Osborne stands to inherit the Osborne baronetcy of Ballentaylor in County Tipperary , Ireland , as well as a substantial share of Osborne & Little , his father 's luxury wall­paper company .
Not that he needs the money - he already benefits from a company trust fund , and as a backbencher commanded fees of up to £ 5,000 per article for the Spectator and Associated Newspapers .
A former member of the Bullingdon Club , he is very much part of the old boy network , as shown by last year 's scandal involving Osborne , his old friend Nat Rothschild , Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska and a yacht in Corfu .
Oliver Letwin , 53
Chairman of the Conservative Party 's Policy Review / Research Department
Education Eton College .
Cambridge University
Wealth £ 1.5 m
Despite earning £ 145 an hour for consultancy work at N M Rothschild & Son , Oliver Letwin claimed £ 2,000 in parliamentary expenses to replace a leaking pipe in his tennis court .
He once said he would rather " go out in the streets and beg " than send his children to a London comprehensive , and during the 2001 election argued that the Conservatives should cut future public spending by £ 20 bn a year relative to Labour proposals .
His suggestion was so unpopular that he was forced to stay out of the public eye for the duration of the campaign .
Andrew Lansley , 53
Shadow health secretary
Education Brentwood School , Essex .
Exeter University
Wealth £ 700,000
Andrew Lansley , who earns an extra £ 29,000 a year for 12 days ' work at a marketing agency , spent more than £ 4,000 of taxpayers ' money renovating his country home months before he sold it and flipped his expenses claim to his London flat , where he spent thousands more .
Last year , Lansley caused outrage with a blog entry on the Conservative Party website arguing that a recession could be " good for us " , as people could " spend time at home with their families " .
The potential future health secretary also has some insight into obesity , saying that " people who see more fat people around them may themselves be more likely to gain weight " .
David Willetts , 53
Shadow universities and skills manager
Education King Edward VI , Birmingham .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 1.9 m
David Willetts makes £ 80,000 a year from 40 days ' work as adviser to Punter Southall , and is also paid as chairman of Universal Sensors Ltd , but he still tried to claim £ 750 for a shed base and £ 175 for a dog pen on expenses last year .
Francis Maude , 56
Shadow minister for the Cabinet Office / chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster
Education Abingdon School , Oxfordshire .
Cambridge University
Wealth £ 3 m
Francis Maude , a former director of Morgan Stanley , juggles an array of non-executive financial positions .
These bring him £ 68,600 a year , but luckily do n't require too many hours - Barclays pays him £ 36,700 for six days ' work .
Maude , who has railed against the irresponsibility of mortgage lenders , banked £ 100,000 - plus as director of a financial services group that profited from sub - prime mortgages .
Despite owning four properties , he claimed almost £ 35,000 in two years for interest payments on a London flat just yards from his house .
Michael Gove , 42
Shadow schools secretary
Education Robert Gordon 's College , Aberdeen .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 1m
A self - proclaimed neoconservative and former journalist , Michael Gove still writes a weekly column for the Times , which pays him £ 5,000 a month .
Gove has boasted that it takes him an hour a week to write it .
This makes his hourly wage more than £ 1,100 - 127 times higher than the average salary in his constituency , Surrey Heath .
He tops this up through contributions to other titles , including Scotland on Sunday and Building Magazine .
Gove is a signatory to the Henry Jackson Society , a " project for democratic geopolitics " that advocates a proactive approach to spreading democracy , by military intervention if necessary .
Last year , he described the invasion of Iraq as " a proper British foreign policy success " .
Liam Fox , 48
Shadow defence secretary
Education St Bride 's High School , East Kilbride .
Glasgow University
Wealth £ 1m
Fox , a former GP , may lambast the public sector for its inefficiencies and " bloated administration " , but he is not so thrifty himself .
Despite earning £ 25,000 a year by lecturing for the medical educational firm Arrest Ltd ( 14 days ' work ) , he claimed almost £ 19,000 of taxpayers ' money for his mobile phone bill .
A staunch Eurosceptic and strong believer in the " special relationship " with America , Fox said recently a Conservative government would be " sympathetic " to a request for thousands more troops in Afghanistan .
Andrew Mitchell , 53
Shadow international development secretary
Education Rugby School .
Cambridge University
Wealth £ 2m
Mitchell , an ex-merchant banker racks up £ 43,500 every year for financial advisory and consultancy roles that involve a few hours ' work each week , as well as owning shares worth up to £ 180,000 .
But it 's obviously not enough - last year he claimed more than £ 21,000 for cleaning and redecorating his constituency home .
In 2004 he asked the Commons Fees Office to pay him £ 2,000 a month from his MPs ' additional cost allowance " until it is exhausted " .
Mitchell said last year that the recession was an " incredibly good moment " for the party .
Caroline Spelman , 51
Shadow communities and local government secretary
Education Herts and Essex Grammar School , Bishop 's Stortford , Essex .
University of London
Wealth £ 1.5 m
Caroline Spelman co-owns Spelman , Cormack & Associates , a food and biotechnology business , with her husband .
They also own three properties , including a four - storey Georgian townhouse in London , with an estimated combined value of £ 5 m .
In 1997 - 98 , she misused the parliamentary staffing allowance to pay her nanny .
The expenses revelations this year showed that she received £ 40,000 for bills and cleaning for her constituency home , despite her husband claiming it was their main home .
In 2005 , she attacked proposals on revaluing council tax .
Ironically enough , for the 2007 - 2008 financial year she overclaimed hundreds of pounds on her own council tax .
Lord Strathclyde , 49
Leader of the opposition in the Lords
Education Wellington College .
University of East Anglia
Wealth £ 10 m
The majority shareholder in the family estate management company Auchendrane Estates , worth roughly £ 6 m , Lord Strathclyde holds down a plethora of paid directorships for hedge funds and investment companies .
One of them is Galena , the investment management arm of Trafigura , a controversial oil trader recently found to be dumping toxic waste in Africa .
He said that Trafigura 's other activities fell " well outside the terms of my remit " .
William Hague , 48
Shadow foreign secretary
Education Wath - on - Dearne Comprehensive School , Rotherham .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 2.2 m
Earning up to £ 10,000 for an appearance , Hague is a stalwart of the Conservative after - dinner speaking circuit .
As a non-executive director of JCB , he was paid £ 50,000 a year and went on to a directorship at AES Engineering , receiving £ 25,000 a year .
He has been paid up to £ 1,041 an hour for his consultancy work , a wage rate 113 times higher than the average among his constituents in Richmond , Yorkshire .
Hague reportedly threatened to walk out when Cameron suggested forcing the shadow cabinet to give up second jobs .
Chris Grayling , 47
Shadow home secretary
Education Royal Grammar School , High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire .
Cambridge University
Wealth £ 500,000
Chris Grayling , worth only half a million , is a real man of the people .
The proprietor of four London homes , he still billed a £ 40,000 second - home refurbishment to the state .
So in touch is the former BBC producer with the reality of life in Britain , that he compared the country 's streets to those of Baltimore on the US television drama
The Wire , and came up with the idea of deterring young criminals by taking away their mobile phones .
Lord Ashcroft , 62
Conservative Party deputy chairman
Education Royal Grammar School , High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire .
Mid-Essex Technical College
Wealth £ 1.1bn
Lord Ashcroft , the Tories ' fairy godmother , has donated millions to the Conservative Party since the 1980s , personally guaranteeing its overdraft when it was reportedly £ 3 m in the red .
He makes a habit of political donation , and has been accused of wielding undue political influence in Belize , where he has extensive business interests .
He does not say whether he pays tax in the UK , and the Electoral Commission is investigating whether his company fits strict rules on overseas donations .
Dominic Grieve , 53
Shadow justice secretary and shadow attorney general
Education Westminster School , London .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 3.1 m
A barrister and QC , Dominic Grieve supplements his income with shareholdings in 13 firms , most notably with £ 240,000 worth of shares in companies operating in Zimbabwe .
Apparently £ 3.1 m does n't go very far towards keeping a second home - Grieve was forced to bill the government £ 18,668 in maintenance costs last year .
A traditionalist who has voted against bills promoting gay rights , he has praised the Victorian era for its " sense of moral values " .
Philip Hammond , 53
Shadow chief secretary to the Treasury
Education Shenfield School , Brentwood , Essex .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 9 m
Hammond enjoys a lucrative directorship at Castlemead Property , in which he has shares worth £ 4.9 m , but that did n't stop him claiming £ 23,075 - £ 8 short of the maximum - for his second home in London .
He now promises to oversee swingeing cuts in public spending in an emergency post-election budget .
He has said it is " absolutely not the case " that public - sector workers are dreading cuts , feeling instead a " sense of liberation " .
Owen Paterson , 54
Shadow Northern Ireland secretary
Education Radley College .
Cambridge University
Wealth £ 1.5 m
Paterson , married to the 4th Viscount Ridley 's daughter , owns a large country estate in his North Shropshire constituency ( he voted strongly against the hunting ban ) .
He is a member of the Cornerstone Group , which published a report describing the NHS as " Stalinist " and calling for it to be replaced .
Jeremy Hunt , 42
Shadow culture , media and sport secretary
Education Charterhouse School .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 4.1 m
Hunt is paid £ 1,000 a month for two hours of business advice to Hotcourses Ltd , an educational guide publisher , and enjoyed a £ 245,181 dividend payment from the company in 2006 .
He still felt hard - pressed enough to submit an invoice for 1p for a 12 - second mobile phone call .
Gregory Barker , 43
Shadow minister for energy and
climate change
Education Steyning Grammar School , West Sussex .
Royal Holloway , University of London
Wealth £ 3.9 m
Gregory Barker , a former adviser to the Russian billionaire and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich , reportedly made millions when he sold his stake in a recruitment advertising firm , and continues to rake in cash as director of Flare View , a property investment company , and as an adviser for Pegasus Capital Advisors .
He made a £ 320,000 profit in just over two years by using the second - home allowance
to buy and sell a house in the exclusive borough of Chelsea , in central London .
Philip Dunne , 51
Conservative whip / deputy chairman
Education Eton College .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 5 m
Dunne , a super - rich backbencher has had a 20 - year career spanning investment banks in London , New York and Hong Kong , as well as Ottakar 's bookshop , which he co-founded .
The son of Sir Thomas Dunne , the Lord Lieutenant of Hertfordshire , he has done all this while looking after the family farming estate .
Brooks Newmark , 51
Conservative whip
Education Bedford School , Bedfordshire .
Harvard University .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 3.2 m
Yet another Conservative MP with a high - flying background in the world of finance , Brooks Newmark held a senior role at Lehman Brothers , and spent eight years at a British merchant bank .
He now owns the investment firm Telesis Management and has shares in two other investment firms , from which he gets undisclosed payments .
Zac Goldsmith , 34
Conservative parliamentary candidate
Education Eton College ( expelled ) .
Cambridge Centre for Sixth - Form Studies
Wealth £ 300 m
Son of Sir James Goldsmith and his third wife , Lady Annabel Vane - Tempest - Stewart , Frank Zacharias Robin Goldsmith is an environmentalist and socialite .
An odd combination , perhaps , but both grandfathers were Conservative MPs , so he is walking a well - trodden path .
Michael Spencer , 53
Conservative Party treasurer
Education Worth Abbey , West Sussex .
Oxford University
Wealth £ 250 m
A close friend of Cameron's , Spencer owns a 21 per cent stake worth £ 474 m in the money broker Icap , which he set up in 1986 .
He was caught up in controversy last year when it emerged he had pledged his stake in the investment bank Numis as security for a loan , a legal grey area .
When he did sell his shares , he made only £ 16 m - a third of what he would have gained in 2006 when shares were at their peak .
It 's a hard life .
Research by Samira Shackle , Stephanie Hegarty and George Eaton
Minutes after the Team announced its members , with Team captain Muir Russell emphasizing their impartiality , a commenter at Bishop Hill posted up an interview between Team member Philip Campbell , editor of Nature , in which he told Chinese radio that there was nothing to see here and people should just move along .
INTERVIEWER : I think you must have heard of the Climategate scandal recently .
Some renowned global warming proponents showed a conspiracy to produce fraudulent data to support the global warming scenario .
How do you see this scandal ?
Some say that this breaking could n’t come at a worse time because of the upcoming Copenhagen conference .
What ’s your opinion .
CAMPBELL : It ’s true that it comes at a bad time but it is not true that it is a scandal .
The scientists have not hidden the data .
If you look at the emails there is one or two bits of language that are jargon used between professionals that suggest something to outsiders that is wrong .
In fact the only problem there has been is some official restriction on their ability to disseminate their data .
Otherwise they have behaved as researchers should .
INTERVIEWER :
So you think there has been some misunderstanding between the scientists and the outsiders ?
CAMPBELL : Absolutely , absolutely .
Campbell immediately resigned .
Channel Four has video and commentary .
BBC
Update : Nature blog reports that the Team defended their “ independence ” , even though Philip Campbell ’s presence on the Team was already in question .
I guess Nature did n’t get the memo yet .
Head of climate - gate inquiry defends independence – February 11 , 2010
The team reviewing allegations of poor scientific practice at the University of East Anglia set out its stall today , and immediately faced questions about its own independence ….
Review head Muir Russell staunchly defended the independent nature of the review when questioned about the fact that it is funded by the university itself .
Russell , the former vice - chancellor of the University of Glasgow , also faced questions about the inclusion of Nature ’s editor in chief Philip Campbell on the review team , as some of the questions to be answered concern research and researchers published in the journal .
“ We are completely independent , ” Russell told reporters .
“ We ’re free to reach any conclusions that we wish .
We are free to follow questions wherever they take us . ”
Campbell added that he would be happy to excuse himself from any discussions that concern Nature .
“ Either you accept that the process is being as open as it can be , or you accuse us of covering up , ” he added .
Russell ’s ‘ Independent Climate Change Email Review ’ is now one of five separate inquiries into the climate - gate emails
…
Full disclosure : Daniel Cressey is an employee of Nature and is ultimately answerable to Philip Campbell .
Showered in flower petals and wild colours , it 's the Indian festival of Lathmar Holi
Advertisement
From the lavish scenes of Bollywood to the rich spectrum of their cuisine , no other country in the world celebrates colours like India .
So it 's no surprise that spring is being greeted with a festival celebrating just that - colour .
The Lathmar Holi was being celebrated in villages across India today , as thousands of men and women showered themselves in brilliantly coloured powders and millions of flower petals .
Spring colours :
Men daubed in coloured powder celebrate the Lathmar Holi , also known as the festival of colours , at Nandgaon village near the northern Indian city of Mathura yesterday
Celebration : A man in Nandgaon covered in paint .
The festival is held all over India
Love : A woman with a bamboo stick , or lathi , pretends to beat a man , who is protecting himself with a shield .
Legend has it that Radha beat Krishna out of anger that he was not living with her
The legend behind the festival claims that it is closely associated with Lord Krishna and his principle consort and childhood friend , Radha .
Men in traditional dress take on the role of gops ( friends of Krishna ) , while women play gopis ( friends of Radha ) .
The men throw the coloured powders and flowers on the women , who fight back by pretending to beat them with bamboo .
It is claimed that the Hindu deity Krishna , who was dark in colour , was jealous of the fair - coloured Radha .
He pestered his foster mother Yasodha about it so much that , fed up , she told him he could change Radha 's skin by sprinkling her with colours .
Rain of colours :
Men in the village close their eyes as more colour is showered down on them
Brilliant :
The festival is part of a welcoming of spring
Krishna and his shepherd friends visited Radha and her cowherd girls on this day and teased her by throwing colours at her .
She and the girls responded by chasing them away with the sticks , or lathis .
The bamboo sticks are said to be an expression of Radha 's love - she and the cowherd girls are angry that Krishna and his friends do not live with them all the time .
The Lathmar Holi celebration at Barsana in Mathura is the most famous .
Hindu women with the bamboo sticks , or lathis , they will use to pretend to beat the men with
The men do n't seem to mind their clothes being covered in the colours
The 10 Reasons Why Intelligent Men Fail With Women The Ten Reasons Why HIGHLY INTELLIGENT Men Fail With Women ...
AND WHAT TO DO ABOUT IT ...
I 've been teaching men how to become more successful with women and dating for a several years now ... and one " problem scenario " just keeps coming up OVER AND OVER ... and OVER
and OVER and OVER again ... ... and it 's really amazes me .
I 'm going to refer to it as " The Genius Failure Paradox " .
" The Genius Failure Paradox " is the tendency for UNUSUALLY intelligent men to have very LOW levels of success with women and dating .
After contemplating this particular paradox , discussing it , and working on it for an awesome amount of time , I 'd like to share my thoughts about it with you .
I assume that if you 've read this far , then you see probably yourself as smarter than the average guy .
You know that you 're a little different than other guys .
You probably realized at a young age that you saw things differently , and thought differently than others in school ...
And you 've probably realized that your smart mind gives you an advantage over others in many areas of life ...
Your smart mind gives you a particular type of advantage that can be very , very powerful in life : YOU'RE USUALLY RIGHT .
Smart people get used to being " right " , because they usually ARE right .
And when you 're RIGHT more often than others , you can get ahead in many situations .
But unfortunately , this smart mind of yours can actually be WORSE than USELESS when it comes to a key area of life : WOMEN AND DATING .
By the way , I did say WORSE than useless .
It can actually be like having a hammer when you need to tighten a bolt .
If you use the tool you have for the job , you 'll most likely make the situation WORSE .
Of course , it 's hard for a smart guy to even IMAGINE a situation where his smart mind could HURT his chances for success ...
But trust me , this is one of those situations .
So relax , open your smart mind , and let me share with you the ten reasons why smart guys fail with women ... and what to do about it .
REASON #1 : THEY'RE WRONG , BUT THEY CAN'T OR WON'T SEE IT OR ADMIT IT I mentioned that smart guys are used to being RIGHT in most situations .
And what do most smart guys do when they come across a situation where they 're WRONG ?
They find a new situation ... one that fits their strength .
They know they 'll be right next time , so they just walk away ... knowing that it wo n't be long before they 're right again .
( OR they let the " problem situation " destroy them ... more on that later . )
Well , the BITCH about being wrong when it comes to women and dating is THERE'S NOWHERE TO RUN AND HIDE .
There 's no quick " I 'm right " around the next corner to make you feel better .
It only takes " failing " with a few women in a row for a smart guy to see the pattern ... and realize that something is n't working .
Solution ?
Think harder .
A smart guy just assumes that his logic must be good ... so he just keeps thinking harder .
But when no success comes , it really starts
to become mentally difficult .
Accepting that you 're wrong is a VERY hard thing for a " smart guy " .
Accepting that you 're not only wrong , but you have NO CLUE WHERE TO EVEN START is even more difficult .
Ultimately , many smart guys come up with the following logical conclusion : I AM A SMART GUY , THEREFORE IF I CAN'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO BE SUCCESSFUL WITH WOMEN AND DATING , THEN THE PROBLEM MUST NOT BE SOLVABLE OR WORTH SOLVING .
Try that on for a self - defeating idea .
REASON #2 : THEY'RE BLIND AND ARROGANT
In short , many smart guys refuse to accept that a good , solid , workable answer could come from someone " dumber " than them , so they discount any idea that comes from an " obviously less intelligent person " before trying it .
Let me ask you a question :
If you were going to be walking across Africa on foot , would you rather have your guide be the guy on this planet with the highest I.Q. , or a caveman who lived a million years ago that had an I.Q. of about 50 ... but who grew up being chased by lions and all kinds of animals that wanted to eat him all his life ?
It 's an interesting question .
Now , hopefully you 'd like to have the guide who is n't the smartest guy around ... but who has escaped from many , many dangerous situations with deadly animals ...
But now let me ask you :
If you 'd like to learn how to be more successful with women and dating , would you take advice from a guy who is n't very intelligent , but who knows how to attract women ?
There 's something about being smart that makes some guys unwilling to accept input , ideas , or instruction from anyone who is n't either as smart or smarter than them .
Well , any SMART GUY can see the folly in this particular approach ... once it 's examined closely .
If you 've been making this mistake , then you need to STOP IT .
Stop being an arrogant bastard , and open your eyes .
Look around .
Learn from some " dumb " guys ... and let them teach you how to get what you REALLY want .
REASON #3 : POOR SOCIAL SKILLS
It BLOWS MY MIND how many smart guys I meet that just do n't GET IT when it comes to basic social skills .
It 's as if they have logically reasoned that social skills are for lower beings who need to play games ... and not worth the time it would take to learn them .
In fact , I believe that there are a lot of
smart guys running around this planet who don't
even have " social skills " and " be a cool guy that people like " in their " MENTAL MODEL " of what it could possibly take to be successful with women and dating .
Social skills are just that ...
SKILLS .
They 're not social INFORMATION .
They 're not social THEORIES .
They 're social SKILLS .
And you do n't get them by THINKING about them .
You get them by GETTING them .
Excellent social skills are the foundation for good communication with other humans ... and if you do n't have good social skills , you dramatically lower your chances for success with women .
REASON #4 : THEY PSYCH THEMSELVES OUT Smart guys do something that fascinates the hell out of me ...
They come up with all the reasons why everything WON'T WORK when it comes to women and dating .
They actually figure out why what they would like to do will probably fail ...
They use their amazing creative imaginations to imagine all kinds of horrible pictures and scenes ... and then they use those imaginary outcomes to create negative emotions ... which ultimately stop them from having success with women and dating .
THEY DON'T EVEN TRY .
Now , if you 've thought something through and come up with a good reason why it would fail , it makes sense to not do it , right ?
I mean , why would you want to do things that are going to fail ?
It 's sound logic , but HORRIBLE thinking when it comes to the REAL WORLD ... and success with women .
Because smart guys do n't UNDERSTAND women , and they do n't UNDERSTAND what it takes to be successful with women , they are working with bad figures .
They 're wrong before they even start figuring !
Using your mind to come up with all the reasons why things wo n't work in this area of your life leads to ULTIMATE FAILURE .
You must learn to overcome this habit if you have it .
REASON #5 : THEY SEEK ONLY " INFORMATIONAL SOLUTIONS "
What does a smart guy do when he runs into a problem ... or he needs to figure something out ?
He looks for INFORMATION to help him solve the problem .
MORE INFORMATION is always the answer .
Information is the friend of a smart guy .
Got a strange virus on your computer ?
Just hop on the internet and search for how to eliminate it .
Do n't know how to change the alternator on your car ?
No prob .
Just buy the manual and turn to page 147 .
Do n't know the definition of a word ?
Open up your dictionary .
MORE INFORMATION solves the problem .
So what do smart guys do when it comes to overcoming a problem with women ?
They want MORE INFORMATION .
They think the answer lies in learning just ONE MORE TECHNIQUE ... or one more magic concept .
Well what if there were a situation in life where the " get more information " strategy actually made things WORSE ?
How would you even know that it was making things worse ?
Now , I do n't want to suggest that learning more about how to be successful with women is a bad thing .
It 's not .
But if you have a problem that is EMOTIONAL or PHYSICAL in nature , then reading five million theories on it probably is n't going to help you very much .
You need to get out in the real world and try some stuff !
You need to look at the REAL problem ... the ROOT of the problem .
When it comes to women and dating , there 's a very good chance that you have MORE than enough " information " .
Smart guys often use " more information " to distract them from TAKING ACTION .
I 've heard this referred to as " Creative Avoidance " .
Nod silently if you 've ever figured out a creative way to avoid facing something in your life .
Good , thank you .
REASON #6 : THEY FOCUS ON LOGIC INSTEAD OF EMOTION NEWS JUST IN : Women do n't feel ATTRACTION for men who make them THINK .
Women feel ATTRACTION for men who make them FEEL .
So what do most smart guys do when they first meet a woman ?
EXACTLY !
They get into a LOGICAL CONVERSATION .
I 'm shaking my head right now ...
Smart men try to engage women in LOGICAL conversations and interactions because that 's where THEY feel comfortable ... not knowing that they 're SHOOTING THELSEVES IN THE FOOT by doing it !
Get this :
A monkey sitting at a typewriter will type the collected works of Shakespeare before you will make a woman feel ATTRACTION for you by engaging her in logical conversation .
When you start a logical conversation with a woman you 've just met , you are basically taking out a NEON SIGN that says " I do n't get it when it comes to women " and putting it on your head .
Typical " logical " conversations include talking about work , family , school , and jobs ... discussing politics , religion , weather ... and anything that has to do with math , science , or INTELLIGENCE .
On the other hand , if you start talking to a woman and you say " OK , so tell me something ...
Why is it that all women say that they want sweet , nice guys ... but they all date sexy , selfish bad boys ? " ( and then make fun of any answer she gives ) you 're having an EMOTIONAL conversation .
If you do n't know what I 'm talking about , keep reading .
You need more help than I thought .
REASON #7 : THEY'RE NOT USED TO THE CHALLENGE OF THE MOMENT Smart people usually have time to THINK about things .
If you 're taking a test , you can sit there and work out the answers .
If you have a math problem , you can work on it until you 've figured it out .
If you 're trying to fix something , you can keep working on it until it 's fixed .
Smart guys are used to being able to take at least a LITTLE bit of time to prepare and show off their " good sides " in most situations .
Not so with women ...
If you do n't know what to do at every step along the way , you 'll be shut down very quickly .
Women have an AMAZING " He does n't get it " radar system .
Women have all kinds of subtle and ingenious tests that they throw at men to separate the " get its " from the " do n't get its " .
And if you do n't get it , then you 're going to fail one of these tests VERY quickly .
But the worst part is that you wo n't ever KNOW that you were being tested ...
OR that you failed .
Smart guys are n't used to dealing with complex EMOTIONAL and COMMUNICATION challenges in the moment ... and especially the " women and dating " kind .
One of they keys to becoming more successful with women and dating is learning to handle all of the tests that women throw at you effortlessly .
But before you can learn how to deal with the tests , you must first learn how to communicate on an emotional level , how to demonstrate that you have fundamental social skills , and how to keep your cool in the moment .
REASON #8 : THEY THINK THAT DOING " NICE " THINGS IS THE " SMART WAY " OK , let me ask you a trick question :
If I told you that you were going to have a date with the supermodel of your choice , which of the following would you choose as a " smart " way of preparing :
1 ) Find out what her favorite type of flowers are , and show up with a dozen of them so she would be " wowed " .
2 ) Learn about her favorite travel destination so you could discuss it with her .
3 ) Find out what her favorite type of food is so you could take her to dinner ... and she could see that you cared enough to choose something that she enjoyed .
OK , time 's up .
Which did you choose ?
Now , I already mentioned that this was a TRICK question .
The answer is NONE OF THE ABOVE .
But WHY ?
These three options all seemed logical , right ?
I mean , why WOULDN'T you want to show up with her favorite flowers ?
Why WOULDN'T you want to talk about her favorite places to travel ?
Why WOULDN'T you want to take her to eat her favorite foods so she enjoyed herself ?
Go with me here ...
Smart guys think that they 're being CLEVER when they do things like buying a woman her favorite flowers ... and bringing them to the FIRST DATE .
Right ?
In their minds , they 're thinking " I 'm going to be the guy who is thinking ahead ... and I 'm going to show up with the flowers that I KNOW she loves ... and she 's going to see them and like me more because of it " .
Makes sense ... good math , right ?
Well the one teensy - weensy mistake that these " smart " guys make is not realizing that it does n't actually take a smart person to think like this !
In fact , ANY jackass can figure out how to kiss a woman 's ass .
And guess what ?
WOMEN KNOW THIS !
And guess what else ?
EVERY WUSSBAG DOES THIS STUFF .
An intelligent guy , in his proud arrogance , will think he 's being such the charmer by using this " thoughtful " approach ... ... and the woman he is chasing will interpret it as just another Wussy who 's trying to MANIPULATE her .
Ouch .
Another blow to intelligence .
MISTAKE #9 : ALWAYS NEEDING TO BE THE EXPERT
Have you ever met a smart guy who always needed to be " right " ?
Have you ever met someone who would actually argue with you about something they knew nothing about ... and make a fool of themselves because they just could n't shut their " smart mouths " ?
Over the last few years helping guys improve their success with women , I see this one pattern over and over again ...
Smart guys do n't like to be " beginners " at ANYTHING .
They do n't like the idea of screwing up ... especially if others are watching .
They want to maintain this " smart guy " image of themselves ... so they try to always be " The Expert " at whatever they do .
Instead of saying " Hey , you know what ?
I 'm a beginner at this ... how do I do it ?
What should I do first ?
What next ? " ... and instead of being totally OK with screwing up , making mistakes , and making a fool of themselves in front of others in order to LEARN ... ... they wo n't risk embarrassment , failure , or others thinking that they 're beginners ... so they wind up ultimately FAILING .
MORE NEWS JUST IN :
It 's OK to be a beginner .
MISTAKE # 10 : THEY CAN'T DEAL WITH FEAR AND OTHER EMOTIONS
A smart guy 's STRENGTH is his MIND .
His WEAKNESS is often his EMOTIONS .
Smart guys are often IMMOBILIZED by FEAR .
Totally stopped .
FROZEN .
And since many smart guys are n't comfortable dealing with things they 're not good at , they just repress or RUN away from fear .
Many men would rather DIE in lonely isolation than admit that they do n't know how to deal with their emotions ... or , GODFORBID , ask for help !
Hey , I went for YEARS like this .
I know what it 's like .
But the reality is that any guy can learn to handle and even MASTER his emotions ( even fear ) ... if he just takes the time and effort to learn HOW to do it .
If this is you , then do yourself a big favor ... take the time .
Take the effort .
Do n't worry about what anyone else thinks of you ... it does n't matter .
What matters is you doing the things that YOU need to do FOR YOU .
... I think the reason why I 'm so fascinated with " The Genius Failure Paradox " is because I have had to struggle with all of these issues for a lot of years of my life .
Now , I 'm not saying that I 'm the smartest guy on the planet ...
But I do n't think mamma raised no fool .
And it always bothered the hell out of me that even though I was so good at figuring things out , I could n't figure WOMEN out .
Something tells me that you know what I 'm talking about .
Well , after beating my head against the wall for a few years ... trying all kinds of crazy " logical " stuff ...
I finally got the " bright " idea to start studying guys who were " naturally " good with women .
Of course , I found out that you could be both NOT SMART , and VERY SUCCESSFUL WITH WOMEN at the same time .
I also learned that you can be SMART and VERY SUCCESSFUL WITH WOMEN too .
By carefully studying what the " naturals " did with women ... and learning how they " thought " about the topic , I began to realize that success with women was n't entirely LOGICAL .
Much of what I learned was very tough for me to accept ... because my logical brain just did n't want to buy into it .
One thing I saw was guys pushing women away from them ... and having the women then chase them in response .
Made no sense at all .
I saw guys tease beautiful women and make jokes about them to their faces ... and then watched those women become " little girls " in response ... unable to maintain their composure , and therefore unable to maintain their manipulative power ...
It took me quite a long time , but I continued to learn , test , and refine what I was learning until I personally figured out how to approach women in any situation ... get any woman 's number I wanted anytime I wanted ... date any type of woman I wanted ... ... and most importantly , GET RID of that " empty " feeling that I carried around my whole life because I did n't know how to attract women .
And once I got this area of my own life together , I decided to help other guys get this area of THEIR lives together .
The ultimate result of all this time , effort , and energy is my free Dating Tips Newsletter .
And I 'd like to invite you to sign up .
It 's free , there 's no obligation , I 'll never share your email address with anyone , and you can easily remove yourself anytime with no hassles ( and no , I 'll never pull any of these tricks where I send you a bunch of unwanted junk email when you try to remove yourself ) .
Of course , it even gets better than that ...
In addition to my free Dating Tips newsletter , I also have a killer downloadable eBook that you can download right now and be reading in literally MINUTES from right now .
It 's JAM PACKED with dozens and dozens of specific strategies for overcoming fear , approaching women , getting phone numbers and email address from women quickly , great inexpensive or even free date ideas , and how to take things to a " physical " level smoothly and easily .
To sign up for my free newsletter AND download your copy of my online eBook , just go here :
Free Dating Tips Newsletter And Download eBook
And I 'll talk to you again soon .
Your Friend , David DeAngelo
See Also
The Point of Power In Pickup Five Myths Preventing Men From Attracting Chicken
How to seduce the kind of women you always want Self Esteem Is Critical To A Healthy Sexual Relati Conveying Personality The Ten Commandments of Natural Pickup The importance of energy Sexy Bad Boys vs. Nice Guys -- By David DeAngelo
Recent search queries to this page
Why VERY INTELLIGENT Men Fail With Women google page 1 intelligent seduce women google page 1 10 Reasons Why Smart Guys Are Not Successful With Women google page 1 ten reasons to date young guy google page 2 pua bringing flowers on first date google page 1 pictures of what i asks for pitures of men and wemen fucking google page 1 date a supermodel pua google page 1 africa porno google page 1 reasons why guys try to seduce women that they have just met google page 1 if you fail look closely seek the reason why google page 1 intelligent women fail google page 1 why do guys try to seduce women they have just met google page 1 the 100 most intelligent men google page 1 reasons flowershop fail google page 1 where smart men fail google page 1 how to approach a wemon google page 1 10 REASONS WOMEN ARE ALWAYS RIGHT google page 1 how to stop being a wussy yahoo page 9 smart seduce guy google page 1 wemen teaching men google page 1 why smart men fail with women google page 1 intelligent men seducing women google page 1 flowers on first date google page 1 10 reasons intelligent men fail at women google page 1 10 reasons to date a math genius google page 1 reason of intelligent google page 1 why wemon fail google page 1 math trick pua google page 1 intelligent guys google page 1 pua arrogance response google page 1 Reasons for Routines google page 1 why smart guys are crazy yahoo page 1 wwwseductionbasecom smart guys google page 1 10 reasons smart guys have problems picking up chicks google page 1 seduction men google page 11 women manipulative men video games google page 13 10 ten reason to smart guys fail with woman seduction base google page 1
Who has been the most intelligent men google page 1 seduction genius google page 9 smart guy seduce google page 1 pua overcoming embarrassment google page 1 ten commandments the woman is always right google page 6 why do mentry to manipulate women yahoo page 1 10 needs of women pua google page 1 10 reasons its harder to be a woman google page 1 where to meet a smart guy yahoo page 1 Reasons why men are more advantaged than women google page 4 PUA good date idea google page 2 women live page 1 reasons why would women like younger guy google page 2 women intelligent google page 10 intelligent women PUA google page 1 10 Reasons Intelligent Men Fail With Women google page 1 smART TESTS PUA google page 1 reasons to date a nice guy google page 4 seducing intelligent men google page 1 reasons for being smart yahoo page 1 overcoming embarrassment about attraction google page 1 pua if you could be any animal google page 1 girls that like being chased pua google page 1 seduce very difficult women google page 58 why intelligent men fail google page 1 highly intelligent men difficult to live with how to deal google page 1 how to prepare for a date pua google page 1 10 reasons why guys lie yahoo page 1 Reasons why men fail with women google page 1 intelligent seduction google page 1 how to seduce very intelligent men google page 1 picking up intelligent women google page 1 seduce wemon yahoo page 1 how to seduce inteligent men google page 1 The Most Intelligent Men of All Times google page 1 how to seduce weman google page 2 why do men like womens feet yahoo page 6 studying naturals PUA google page 2 intelligenz pickup google page 2 reasons for seduction google page 1 clues that women like a guy yahoo page 2 woman seduction and emotions google page 1 10 reasons smart guys dont attract girls google page 1 highly intelligent men dating problems google page 1 what is the number one reason guys fail to pick up girlss google page 1 isolation of intelligent women google page 1 women intelligent men google page 1 intelligent women to date where google page 1 very intelligent men fail google page 1 pua forum 10 needs of women google page 1 reasons why girls lead guys on yahoo page 3 10 reasons why you arent getting any pua google page 1 mental model seduction google page 2 ten reasons a guy doesnt understand a woman live page 1 logical conversations pua google page 1 figuring out wemon google page 1 why woman like smart guys yahoo page 1 do men like being chased google page 2 pua why date me yahoo page 1
Free men shagging womens feet google page 3 pua difficult women google page 1 wemon working out google page 1 Men Are Better Than Women pua google page 1 wemon logic page 1 how to look smart to intelligent men google page 1
Ten most Intelligent men to have ever lived google page 1 women pua I thought you were a nice guy test google page 1 foods women seduction google page 1 10 reasons better than women google page 9 10 reason why men dont like being told google page 1
Why intelligent men fail with women google page 1 free picture of sexy wemen kissing and doing other sexy stuff yahoo page 1 10 intelligenz google page 1 10 reasons to date girls with low self esteem google page 1 10 reasons why guys do things google page 1 intelligent men to date google page 1 intelligent men and dating issues google page 2 attracting intelligent men google page 1 pitures of naked men google page 1 woman paradox seduction google page 1 number 1 reason guys dont date google page 3 why do inteligent men fail google page 1 pull wemon easily google page 1 never use logic to get women only emotions pua google page 1 10 smartest men pics google page 1 pua the wrong reasons to do it google page 1 seduction fail google page 1 10 REASONS MEN FAIL WITH WOMEN yahoo page 1 pua intelligent women google page 1 do girls like intelligent guys google page 3 10 reasons why a guy wouldnt want to date a woman who lives at home google page 1 unable close first date pua google page 1 men pick up good energy from women google page 1 intelligent men and women google page 3 10 reasons why wemon google page 1 tips on seducing wemon google page 1 men that like to be chased ask men google page 3 pua 1 to 10 fail number guess google page 1 weather wemen google page 1 most intelligent men ever google page 1 why men fear intelligent women google page 1 sitewwwseductionbasecom google page 29 physical type of woman emotional type of woman pick up google page 1
The 10 Reasons Why Intelligent Men Fail With Women google page 1 intelligent seduce success google page 1 10 needs of woman pua google page 1 reasons to date a math google page 1 ask men tips that makes her go crazy google page 13 sexy wemen google page 2 men who use wemon google page 1 why i dont like routines pua yahoo page 1 reasons why women is intellegent than men yahoo page 1 nude pitures or naked men google page 1 why men logical women emotional google page 2 pua shutdown too young google page 1 how to deal with arrogant women PUA google page 1 wemen shagging men google page 1 TEN REASONS WOMEN ARE ALWAYS WRONG page 1 do guys like smart girls yahoo page 14 Free Guide how to make wemen want you yahoo page 3 men are better than women ebook download free google page 1 100 way to suduce wemon yahoo page 1 20 reasons to date a younger guy google page 1 how to pull intelligent women google page 1 why are men like being watched play with themselves yahoo page 2 intelligent pua google page 1 are men blind to womens seduction google page 1 why intelligent men google page 1 learn pua attract seduce get men and manipulate google page 1 seductionopener women men think differently google page 1 girls like intelligent page 1
Naked men and wemen google page 1 how smart men seduce google page 1 top reasons to date a smart guy google page 1 why men dont date yahoo page 8 very intelligent men is sexy google page 1 why men are routine live page 1 sexy intelligent men google page 2 do girls like intelligent men google page 1 how to seduce smart guys google page 1 emotional needs model 10 needs of women pua google page 1 how to seduce intelligent woman google page 2 how to deal with wemen google page 1 100 most intelligent men who ever lived yahoo page 1 20 reasons why guys google page 7 10 reasons why girls like guys yahoo page 1 do women really like nice and intelligent guys google page 3 10 reasons why guys are dumb google page 2 genius wemon google page 1 guys who manipulate google page 3
Why do men fail with women at age 20 google page 1 pua i look arrogant google page 2 why men showoff yahoo page 8 reasons why women are intelligent than men yahoo page 1 do girls like inteligent men google page 1 sexy wemon figures google page 1 10 reasons why men get turned off yahoo page 1 learn to communicate with wemon google page 1 reasons you should not buy weman flowers yahoo page 1 10 reasons women dont need men google page 2 why intelligent men dont get women google page 1
Date girls with low self esteem google page 1 how to manipulate men use seduce google page 3 how to pull wemon google page 1 the woman is always right google page 3 dating the woman is always right google page 1 free picture of sexy naked wemen doing sexy stuff to other sexy wemen yahoo page 1 how to suduce a younger women yahoo page 1 how to attract a smart guy google page 1 seducing men intelligent men google page 1 nice inteligent guys google page 1 opening conversations with wemon google page 1 ways to manipulate wemon google page 1 what intelligent men find sexy google page 2 pua arrogant google page 1 why women manipulate mens emotions google page 3 naked men and wemon google page 1 free picture of sexy naked wemen doing sexy things to other sexy wemen yahoo page 1
The worlds ten most intelligent men google page 1 why do guys run from weman yahoo page 1 intelligent men like google page 1 girls who like intelligent guys google page 1 men telling women they are intelligent to help their self esteem google page 1 why do women choose less intelligent men google page 1 seducing wemen google page 1 fear from wemon google page 1 how to attract smart men google page 1 10 reasons why men fail with women google page 1 ten reasons why girls google page 3 10 reasons why men die before women google page 1 how to deal with wemon google page 1 why girls manipulate their men yahoo page 2 reasons women like cats better than men google page 2 why is it so hard for guys to admit that youre dating live page 1 Arrogant men fail google page 1 girls intelligent men google page 1 why do you say let me ask you a question seduction google page 1 10 reason better than her askmen google page 1 how to manipulate guys google page 3 how to seduce a smart boy google page 1 approaching wemen google page 1 reasons to date a smart girl google page 1 seducing an intelligent women google page 1
Why I failed So I can learn to pick up myself up google page 3 supermodel pua google page 1 WHY DO MEN ACT DUMB AROUND BEAUTIFUL WOMEN yahoo page 4 google wemen google page 1 men and wemon google page 1 audio viedo on how to suduce women google page 3 no fail attraction routines google page 1 what to discuss about over the phone topics pua pick up seduction google page 1 women really want intelligent men google page 1 what intelligent men like to talk about google page 1 what girls like intelligent guys google page 1 10 reasons why girls are always right google page 1 why we men are seduced of naked girls google page 1 why a guy hides his feeling yahoo page 4 women dont like intelligent men google page 2 10 reasons why men couldnt handle being a woman google page 1 girls less intelligent men google page 1 why men fail with women google page 1 top ten reason why intelligent men fail with women google page 1 how to deal with WOMEN MANIPULATING MIND GAMES google page 2 men who like to be chased by women google page 2 10 most intelligent figures google page 1 Reasons why a guy wont kiss you yahoo page 1 guess a number 1 to 10 pua google page 1 manipulative men askmen google page 1 how to manipulate guys attract google page 1 intelligent men type of women google page 2 the most intelligent men ever google page 1 intelligent women men google page 3 i likeintelligent men google page 2 women intelligent men date google page 1 why Girls are inteligent google page 1 yahoo answers do women like smart men google page 1 womens are intellegent google page 1 wemen and men google page 1 intelligent naked girls google page 2 fear of weman google page 1 how women manipulate men google page 6 date younger wemen google page 1 intelligent men like dumb women google page 1 men google page 1 how do you seduce wemon google page 1 do women like intelligent men google page 2 wemen and men kissing google page 1 dealing with inteligent people google page 1 10 reasons to date a smart guy google page 1 intelligent men are sexy google page 1 how to seduce a wemon google page 2 naked wemen google page 3 sexy weman google page 1 analyze live page 1 Looks of intelligent men google page 1 10 most intelligent men google page 1 10 reasons why guys fail google page 1 seductionbase intelligent men google page 1 physical signs of intelligent men google page 1 what do intelligent men want in a woman google page 1
Naked sexy wemen google page 1 seduceasmartguy google page 1 how to pick up an intelligent woman google page 1 how to attract weman google page 1 do girls like arrogant men google page 2 sexy weman facing google page 1 pick up intelligent women google page 1 10 reasons to date a math google page 1 smartest men to ever live google page 1 askmen manipulative woman google page 1 seduction smart guy information google page 1 10 reasons why men are better than women google page 1 wemon are so difficult google page 1 how to suduce young women google page 1 reasons for men who fail to date google page 1 intelligent guys like in girls google page 1 sexy wemon google page 5 things to know about wemen google page 1 10 reasons for guys to date younger girls google page 1 10 reasons why men are more intelligent than women google page 1 10 smartest men google page 1 men and wemen google page 1 smart men who manipulate google page 1 girls like intelligent guys google page 1 crazy wemen google page 1 seductionbase live page 1 guy men and wemon google page 1 sexy girl manipulating men google page 1 reasons men dont show up google page 1 choose to be intellegent google page 1
How to seduce a smart woman google page 6 ten reasons why men die before women google page 1 100 intelligent men google page 1 emotional model pua google page 1 how to get weman google page 1 why men like womens feet live page 1 how wemen reason google page 1 how to get seduce a smart guy google page 1 percentage of men who fail to get woman google page 1 two most intelligent men of all time google page 1 why intelligent men fail seduction google page 1 less intelligent men google page 1 dealing with arrogant men google page 1 mens pull on wemon google page 1 yahoo answers manipulating girls google page 1 how to atract weman yahoo page 1 20 reasons why girls need guys google page 1 women manipulating men google page 4 seduce intelligent girls google page 1 women manipulate mindgames google page 1 seduction wussbag google page 1 what to do when being chased seduction google page 1 worldsmost intelligent men google page 2 free picture of sexy naked wemen doing sexy stuff yahoo page 1 WOMEN INTELIGENT
MEN google page 1 mens and wemans minds work differently yahoo page 1 do women like arrogant men google page 2 intelligent women pickup google page 1 how to attract smart guy google page 1 why girls manipulate men google page 1 women manipulating men pics google page 1 sexy womean doing guy hand jobs live page 2 women seducing men mens weakness live page 1 deal with intelligent women google page 1 men dealing with womens emotions google page 4 Seduction Of The Smartest Women google page 1 men shagging weman google page 1 dealing with womens mind games pua google page 1 women emotionally logically pua google page 1 naked men for wemen google page 1 do girls like smart men google page 3 ten reasons to date a math google page 1 10 reasons women are crazy google page 1 top ten reasons why successful women fail with men google page 1 ten reasons why you should date me google page 7 why girls test guys live page 3 Reasons Why Smart Men Cant Attract Women google page 1 how to attract intelligent guys google page 1 how to attract intelligent women page 1
Sexy conversations for wemon google page 1 how to manipulate women over the phone google page 1 over 50s women shagged by younger men pics yahoo page 1 how to attract wemon google page 1 why women manipulate men google page 4 WEMON MENTAL google page 1 inteligent test for women google page 1 women like intelligent men google page 1 the most intelligent men to have ever lived google page 1 10 reasons men google page 6 10 reasons why women are smarter than men google page 1 pua naked men google page 1 free picture of sexy naked wemen doing sexy stuff to other wemen yahoo page 1 how to date very intelligent women google page 1 logical thing wemon google page 1 askmen intelligent women google page 1 seducing smart men google page 1 seducing men to get what you want yahoo google page 1
Most intelligent man yahoo page 2 meet intellegent women google page 1 women seducing men google page 2 highly intelligent pua google page 1
Why do some guys fail at attracting girls google page 1 how to seduce woman flowers google page 7 arrogant critical men dating google page 1 men seduced deadly women google page 3 guess a number 1 to 10 1 to 50 always guess seduction trick google page 1 emotion over logic pua google page 1 how to deal with arrogant women google page 1 why are men horrible to women they shag google page 1 wemen feet google page 1 intelligent men and dating google page 1 women want to manipulate men to handle them google page 1 what men fear intelligent women google page 1 top 10 reasons why guys are dumb google page 1
Top 10 reason why girls dont answer their phones google page 2 is there reason for mens attraction to womens feet google page 1 pua men lead google page 1 100 reasons to date me google page 4 women manipulate men google page 5 fail pitures google page 1 i failed to seduce google page 4 emotional needs model 10 women pua google page 1 why most men fail with girls google page 1 difficult women dealing with google page 1 WOMEN ARE MENS WEAKNESS google page 3 seduction forum 10 reasons intelligent guys google page 1 do men not kiss women to manipulate google page 2 manipulate guys google page 2 wemen fucking men yahoo page 5 smart men fail with women google page 1 men better than women pua google page 1 intelligent women nudity google page 1 date a smart girl google page 1 Seduction Manipulates Women google page 2 how to handle arrogant men google page 2 ten resons highly intelligent women google page 1 manipulative women handjobs google page 1 women shagged most men google page 2 hot OR sexy OR attractive intellegent women google page 1 Dates with wemen google page 1 how to suduce men google page 1 10 reasons to date a supermodel google page 1 woman manipulate men video google page 2 100 most intelligent men google page 1 low self esteem in men unable to attract women google page 1 seducing men with feet google page 1 creating emotion in women pua google page 1
Dealing with men who shutdown live page 1 ten reason men fail with women google page 1 10 reasons to date older women google page 3 men act dumb around beautiful women google page 1 pua intelligent tests google page 1 what to talk about with intelligent men google page 1 intelligent men not good with women google page 2 pua why men shouldnt buy women flowers google page 1 naked men and weman google page 1 sexy men with weman google page 1 how intelligent girls manipulate men google page 1 ten reasons men are better than women google page 2 how guys manipulate women google page 4 smart girls pua google page 1 arrogance pua google page 1 why guys fail with girls google page 1 why men fail to attract woman google page 1 how to stop emotions pua google page 1 how girls manipulate men google page 2 girls who eat flowers and fail their ig tests google page 1 wemen shagging google page 1 pua smart tests google page 1 how to seduce a smart man google page 1 ten reasons women are crazy google page 1 logical vs emotional conversation pua google page 1 most intelligent women google page 2 ten things about wemon google page 2 emotions men cant interpret only 3 pua google page 1 how to handle manipulative men google page 1 looking for really intelligent woman to date google page 2 seduce intelligent woman google page 1 seduce intelligent women google page 1 10 reasons why guys cannot show their emtions google page 1 i fail with women google page 2 arrogant men are more intelligent google page 1 why men manipulate women google page 5 10 reason why women doesnt like men google page 1 how to attract the smart guy google page 1 yahoo do girls like men in pickups google page 1 arrogant men and dating google page 2 what to men think about intelligent woman google page 2 10 Reasons Why Very Intelligent Men Fail With Women google page 1 dealing with a woman of less intelligent google page 1 good pitures of men google page 1 Top Ten Reasons why men are worse than women google page 1 woman manipulate men google page 3 most intellegent man or women live page 1 manipulative men google page 9 pua manipulate women google page 1 how to deal with arrogant men google page 2 intelligent hot wemon google page 1 intelligent seduction tips men google page 1 top 10 reasons cats are better than guys google page 2 naked men seduced by men google page 2 girls feet manipulates men google page 1 arrogant men and mind games google page 1 Reasons to date a girl google page 12 weman top google page 10 how to be a successfull wemon google page 1
How to Deal with arrogant women dating google page 1 10 reasons why women are always wrong google page 1 women manipulate google page 8 sexy weman with men google page 1 girls manipulate men google page 1 how to attract smart guys google page 1 women being shagged by animals google page 8 the most intelligent men google page 1 men pull a wemon google page 1 chasing wemon google page 1 google wemencom google page 1 number 1 reason guys fail with women google page 1 pua naked google page 1 pickup intelligent google page 1 arrogant men attracted women low self esteem google page 1 sexy men and wemen google page 1 men kissing womens feet google page 2 Mind Games Men Play to Seduce Women google page 5 top reasons to date an intelligent woman google page 1 pua fail google page 1 genius fail school yahoo answers google page 1 the 10 reasons men bolt google page 1 how to manipulate men live page 3 how to attract a smart intelligent guy google page 1 the most intelegent men google page 1 ask men fails again google page 1 who lies better women men routine google page 1 sexy naked wemon and men kissing google page 1 wemon and men kissing google page 1 reasons why men are difficult google page 1 WHY OLDER WOMEN YOUNGER MEN FAIL google page 1 attracting smart men google page 1 inteligent test google page 1 how to manipulate womens minds google page 1 top ten tips to be an intelligent person google page 1 top reasons women crazy google page 1 ways to manipulate guys google page 2 most intelligent men ever live google page 1 wemenfuckingmencom google page 1 men shagging animals google page 1
How girls manipulate guys google page 2
Pua getting naked yahoo page 1 wemon are dumb google page 1 the reasons why nice guys fail with women google page 1 manipulating minds men google page 2 10 reasons women are psycho google page 1 intellegent woman google page 1 manipulate men ask men google page 1 pictures men seduced by women google page 1 reasons why women are crazy google page 1 10 things men shouldnt do when chasing google page 1 what are the main resons men die young google page 2 naked intelligent girls google page 1 pua are dumb google page 1 askmen how to manipulate women google page 1 how to date intelligent and successful guy google page 1 most intellegent cats google page 2 ARE MEN REALLY FOOLS WHEN IT COMES TO WOMEN ASKMENCOM page 1 sexy men and weman google page 1 seduction and emotions google page 5 attract intelligent women google page 1 attract smart guy google page 1 girl leads guy on reason google page 1 modelwemen google page 3 top 10 reasons women are smarter google page 1 arrogant pua google page 1 10 reasons why women are smarter then men google page 1 why are men intelligent google page 1 download videos of women seducing men and fucking them badly google page 1 reasons to pua google page 1 women are complex intellegent google page 1 why girls are intelligent google page 3 highly intelligent men google page 1 wemen submit to men google page 1 yahoo nude girl emotions google page 3 woman shagging men pics google page 1 top ten reasons to date a smart woman google page 1 men and wemon working google page 1 women think that are inteligent google page 1 how to look intellegent google page 1 africaporno google page 9 top 10 reasons first dates fail google page 1 how to date older women pua google page 1 suducewomencom google page 1 do older men like intelligent women google page 4 reason why men deal with low self esteem google page 1 intelligent women dealing with google page 1 why do men manipulate google page 5 pics of women shagging animals google page 1 why men fail at picking up woman google page 1 intelligent yahoo google page 12 10 reasons women are turned off by men google page 1 top ten ways to suduce women google page 1 sexy women shaging men google page 1 how to seduce an intelligent woman google page 1 intelligent nude google page 3 how to attract an intelligent guy google page 1 how to seduce a smart guy google page 1 why men die younger age than women yahoo answer google page 1 men are more intelligent than women facts live page 2 first date 10 pua google page 1 pitures of men google page 1 naked wemen and men google page 1 why women are smarter than men google page 1 walk away manipulate men google page 2 best reasons to date a nice guy google page 3 how to minipulate womens mind google page 1 why intelligent guys fail with girls google page 1 women shagging other womens men google page 3 mens weakness google page 2
Intellegent of sexy google page 1 how intelligent men pick up women google page 1 manipulating men google page 3 jobs that attract wemon google page 1 wemon attraction intelligence google page 1 intelligent men of all time google page 1 intelligent men sexy google page 1 google intellegent google page 1 women shagging men google page 1 How To Handle Manipulative Women live page 1 reason for men looking at womens feet google page 1 reasons to like mens google page 1 why girls like intelligent guys google page 1 dating intelligent men google page 2
Girl manipulates guy to make them think they are wrong google page 1 manipulating women live page 9 how to approach wemen google page 1 learn about wemon google page 1 wemon emotions google page 1 yahoo answers 10 reasons women lie google page 1 fear of intelligent women google page 1 PUA men google page 1 how to seduce intelligent guy google page 1 wenem fuck men live page 1 manipulating womens emotions google page 1 manipulating a womens mind google page 1 why do men like intelligent women response google page 1 girls intelligent guys google page 1 africapono google page 3 how to deal with weman google page 1 top ten intelligent man google page 1 how to seduce men intelligent google page 1 top 10 most intelligent women google page 1 naked intelligent women google page 1 ten reasons why women are dumb google page 1 selfesteemgooglecom live page 1 women dealing with arrogant men google page 1 how women manipulate google page 10 reason why men fail with women google page 1 monkeywemen google page 1 the most intelligent guy in mathematics google page 1 manipulating woman emotions google page 1 why cant many men deal with womens emotions google page 1 10 reasons girls are dumb google page 2 seduction manipulating google page 1 men are better than women ebook free google page 1 how to look intelligent men google page 1 how to handle arrogant women google page 1 cat wemen google page 1 ways men try to manipulate women google page 3 10 reasons why men are useless google page 1 how to attract intelligent girls google page 1 how to seduce smart men google page 1 woman shagging animals google page 1 in what situations men get sedused by wemen google page 1 naked men with wemen google page 1 girls manipulating guys google page 2 intelligent girls naked google page 2 pick up intelligent girls google page 1 dealing with intelligent guys google page 1 PUA logical conversation page 1 beautiful women intellegent google page 1 intelligent girls who date low life men google page 1 how to date an intellegent man live page 1 yahoo answers where to find intelligent women google page 1 attract a smart guy google page 1
Ten reasons why i fail math google page 1 SEDUCTION FAILED yahoo page 1 what intelligent men want in women google page 2 men act smart women play fool google page 1 seducing an intelligent girl google page 1 why intelligent people fail in dating google page 2 how men manipulate women google page 4 intelligent naked men google page 1 how to attract intelligent men google page 1 how to attact highly intelligent men google page 1 how to deal with manipulating men google page 1 wemen test men google page 1 animal shagging women google page 3 men fear of wemon google page 1 really intelligent naked girls google page 1 most intelligent man ever google page 3 highly intelligent women google page 1 what do intelligent men like to talk about google page 1 man fuckes 10 women in a row google page 1 men who manipulate women google page 4 how to manipulate women kiss google page 1 my friends date very arrogant men google page 2 how to become intellegent google page 1 men are better than women ebook google page 5 the most intellegent men where they live google page 1 Manipulating mens mind google page 1 who was smartest men to ever live google page 1 most intelligent men in the world live page 1 list tenreasons
Why you fail mathematics google page 1 naked young intelligent men google page 1 why intelligent man attraction google page 1 pick up
Why intelligent men google page 1 10 reasons why guys think they are cool google page 1 men kissing beautiful womens feet google page 1 do guys like intelligent girls google page 3 things smart men fail google page 1 ten reasons with intelligent men fail with women google page 1 seduction search young women seek older men google page 1 nude men seducing women google page 2 women who manipulate men google page 2 why do intelligent men dont pick up google page 1 how to manipulate a womans emotions google page 1 how to seduce smart successful men google page 1 intelligent men fail with women google page 1 ways women manipulate men google page 3 woman shaging google page 1 nude intelligent women google page 1 manipulative women psycho google page 1 men and wemon kissing google page 1 intelligent sexy women naked google page 1 sexyweman and men google page 1 smart men manipulative google page 1 do intelligent guys ever date google page 1 10 reason to date a younger guy google page 1 intelligent men attact women google page 1 bringing flowers on first date google page 1 how to look intelligent google page 1 how to manipulate menyahoo google page 1 how to deal with manipulating woman google page 1 naked sexy woman seduction google page 1 seduction for smart guys page 1 10 need of women pua google page 1 seduction for smart people page 1 pua manipulate google page 1 seduc live search for men google page 1 learning the mind of a women and how to minipulate it live page 1 men die for women google page 35 10 reason intelligent men fail with women google page 1 who are the most intelligent men of all time google page 1 naked men screwing women google page 2 characteristics of highly intelligent men google page 1 seduction of the intelligent mind google page 1 kissing womens feet google page 3 weman picture nice live page 3 why itelligent men fail with women google page 1 i fail at women google page 2 ten reasons why girls are like video games page 1 seducing intelligent women google page 1 ANIMALSHAGINGWOMAN google page 1 seducing smart guy google page 1 manupilating womens emotions google page 1 why girl manipulate man google page 1 seduction womens emotions google page 1 women manipulate men hurt test google page 1 men that like to manipulate woman google page 3 reasons for men to be successful google page 1 sexyweman yahoo page 17 manipulate women google page 13 seduction for emotions google page 3 reasons why guys play games google page 1 pull an intelligent woman google page 1 ways in which guys test chics google page 1 why men like cats yahoo answers google page 1 beautiful intelligent nude woman google page 3 how to deal with a manipulating woman google page 1 10 things that fail with women google page 1 two wemenkissing google page 1 who is more intelligent men or women google page 8 wemon and cats google page 1 intelligent sexy men google page 1 what intelligent women want google page 5 men kissing women feet google page 2 men shagging women google page 2 why beautiful women manipulate men google page 1 why intelliigent men fail with google page 1 dealing with womens emotions google page 1 reasons for being intelligent google page 1 intelligent men attracting women google page 1 women dealing with men page 2 why guys fear to be with an intelligent woman google page 1 menscrewingwomen live page 2 ten reasons why girls like guys google page 1 women shagging animals google page 1 crazy pics guys use to pick up chicks google page 1 intelligent nude women google page 1 do girls find intelligent men sexy google page 1 w africaprono com google page 1 intelligent pick up seduction google page 1 manipulate her emotions attract google page 3 are sexy successful and intelligent men a premium google page 1 top 100 intelligent men google page 1 10 emotional needs of guys google page 1 10 ways men manipulate women google page 1
How to seduce and shag woman google page 1 would men run from a beautiful smart women google page 1 men and women shagging google page 1 how to charm the smart guy google page 1 how to date intelligent women google page 2 sexynakedwemen google page 1 are arrogant guys sexy google page 1 pulling a woman shagging google page 1 shagging animals google page 5 smart intelligent guys google page 1 why intelligent people fail page 1 how women manipulate mens self esteem google page 2 Beautiful women make men act dumb google page 1 top ten reasons women fail with men google page 1 who is the most inteligent men in the world google page 1 girls manipulate guys google page 2 10 reasons why women are dumb google page 1 women who attract manipulative men google page 1 how to manipulate woman emotions google page 1 top 10 most intelligent animals google page 8 very very sexy women in africa goggle google page 1 do women manipulate men google page 5 how to date an intelligent girl google page 3 why do older women like younger men yahooanswers google page 1 10 reason chicken is better than women google page 1 how men try to manipulate emotions google page 1 manipulative men success women google page 1 top ten most intelligent woman google page 1 how to pull intelligent girls google page 1 women fail at math google page 1 men fear smart women google page 1 list reasons for emotionally intelligent men google page 1 top 10 things guys like about weman yahoo page 1 how to attract intelligent guy google page 1 inteligent men google page 1 sexy naked and kissed girl with men show the veryvery bad seenes google page 1 why do i attract girls pic yahoo answer google page 1 wwwlearnaboutwemoncom google page 1 what do intelligent guys like to talk about google page 1 what intelligent men are looking for in a woman google page 1 smart guys dont pick up google page 1 manipulate womens emotions google page 1 how to attract intelligent man page 1 men manipulating women google page 1 naked intelligent girl google page 1 inteligent dates with men google page 2 intelligent men dating google page 1 nude women with pickup at pickup show page 1 attracting smart women google page 3 top 10 reasons men date younger women google page 1 I like intelligent men google page 1 top ten reasons why women are smarter than men google page 1 how to date intelligent woman google page 2 men intelligent women date google page 1 yahoo answers manipulate women google page 1 young men failing google page 2 highly intelligent young women google page 1 emotionally intelligent naked men google page 1 women do manipulative mind games page 1 intelligent women nude google page 1 how to deal an intelligent arrogant person google page 1 10 reasons men are like a computer google page 1 why men like intelligent women google page 3 wemon and men google page 1 woman shagging men google page 1 10 top reasons why men run google page 1 fear and refuse and men and seduction google page 1 TEN MOST INTELLIGENT MEN IN THE WORLD google page 1 top ten reasons to date a younger guy google page 1 10 reasons why very intelligent men fail at women google page 1 men screwing women google page 3 how to manipulate smart girls google page 1 naked math women for google google page 1 old men fucking wenem yahoo page 1 arrogant women yahoo answers google page 1 ways guys fail google page 2 failing pua google page 1 engaging women emotions seduction google page 1 attracting intelligent women google page 1 why women are dumb google page 1 why intelligent men fail women google page 1 reasons women lie page 1 ten reasons why men rare useless google page 1 smart women act dumb google page 2 pick up smart women google page 1 mystery pick up intelligent women google page 1 10 REASON WHY WOMEN DUMBER THAN MEN google page 1 Reasons Why Girls Like Guys 10 Reasons google page 1 how to manipulate wemon google page 1 10 reason why intelligent google page 1 problems with intelligent men google page 1
How to be smart with manipulative man google page 1 girls like smart guys yahoo answers google page 1 yahooanswers young looking men google page 1 naked men google page 1 reasons why you should date intelligent girls google page 1 why most men fail with women google page 2 most intelligent women of all times google page 1 10 reasons inteligent men fail with women page 1 why intelligent man seduction google page 1 women dont like intelligent yahoo answers google page 1 Intelligenz google page 1 who are the worlds most intelligent men google page 1 why intelligent men stalk google page 1 women that inteligent people look for google page 2 clever guys yahoo answers google page 2 why do girls like intelligent men google page 1 intelligent reasons to live google page 1 do intelligent women fail with men google page 1 beautiful girls like intelligent men google page 1 top 10 intelligent beautiful women google page 1 sduction 10 most google page 1 women who shag with animals google page 1 reasons for more intelligence google page 2 overcoming embarrassment google page 3 what do intelligent men like google page 2 smart guy manipulate and use google page 1 10 reasons women are smarter google page 1 how to handle an intelligent woman page 1 why girls are always right google page 1 intelligent men arrogant page 1 inteligent nude women page 1 how to seduce an arrogant man google page 1 top reason guys run page 1 top 10 resons why men are intelligent than women google page 1 top 1 reasons men are intelligent than women google page 1 reasons for men unwilling to communicate google page 2 how to manipulate women emotions google page 1 men screwing google page 7 reason why men and women are like computer page 1 intelligent men bad with women google page 2 seduce smart guy page 1 seduce a intelligent guy page 1 most intelligent girls naked page 1 seduce smart women google page 1 reasons for men are intelligent google page 1 men who date very intelligent women page 1 intellegent women google page 1 intelligent mens games google page 1 what attracts smart men google page 4 monkey shagging woman google page 4 maintain composure pua head google page 1 men with intelligent minds google page 1 beautiful women are mens weakness google page 1 how to handle arrogant guys google page 1 women manipulat emotions google page 2 how to seduce an intelligent guy google page 1 how to secduce intelligent men google page 1 who is more emotionally intelligent men or women google page 3 intelligent people fail women google page 1 smart women nude google page 1 intelligent women crazy google page 1 men dealing with manipulative women who use guys google page 2 top 10 reasons girls are dumb google page 1 resons why men dont approach women yahoo page 1 are intelligent guys sexy yahoo page 1 seduce intelligent google page 1 men fear intelligent women google page 1 who is smarter men or women yahoo answers google page 1 6 feet men are intelligent google page 1 intelligent men want smart girls google page 1 attract smart men google page 1 intelligent men in Africa google page 1 nakedmen with womencom google page 1 most intelligent people yahoo page 63 10 reaons why maths is useless page 1 seduction women manipulate men page 1 how to date inteligent men page 1 smart guys fail with girls page 1 why do girls like flowers yahoo page 4 top ten intelligent mens page 1 bad with women google page 2 10 commandments for young men chasing older women google page 1 intelligent girls and pua google page 1 attract intelligent men page 1 why men shouldnt kiss womens asses yahoo page 1 why arent men emotionally intelligent google page 1 women manipulate men over the phone page 1 sexy intelligent women google page 5 Seduce Smarter Not Harder For Men google page 5 men manipulate women google page 2 how do you seduce a smart guy google page 1 why younger girls shouldnt date older guys yahoo page 3 do girls like sexy feet in men yahoo answers google page 1 httpwwwseductionbasecomseductioncatBeforePUanalyze217html page 1 seduction by intelligent man yahoo page 1 pua difficult for most men google page 1 why nice guys fail yahoo page 4 pick up smart guys page 1 Seducing smart women askmen google page 1 manipulating guys google page 3 wwwafricapornonet yahoo page 1 the world 10 intelligent men page 1 are women more emotionally intelligent than men yahoo page 2 top ten reasons to date a math page 1 free tips on how to read wemen minds yahoo page 1 characteristics of highly intelligent people yahoo page 6 pick up an intelligent girl google page 1 reason of the intellegent google page 1 handle manipulative women google page 2 10 reasons why google search is better than yahoo askmen google page 1 naked pictures of men google page 1 young men chasing older women google page 1 woman intelligent nude google page 1 what intelligent men google page 2 intelligent man have a hard time with women google page 4 where guys fail with girls google page 1
This Week at War : Is This the Week Mexico Lost the Drug War ?
Is this what defeat looks like ?
On March 13 , in two separate but seemingly coordinated attacks , gunmen in Juárez , Mexico , killed two employees of the U.S. Consulate , along with the husband of one of the employees .
They were gunned down in their cars while returning from a children ’s party .
Although in recent years U.S. citizens and government employees have died in the crossfire of Mexico ’s drug wars , this deliberate attack on U.S. government employees in Mexico signals a further escalation in the conflict .
FBI agents investigating the murders guessed that the murders were meant to " send a message " to both the Mexican and U.S. governments .
The vast majority of the killings in Juárez and elsewhere in Mexico are the result of gangs battling for control of drug distribution markets .
But the escalatioán of Mexico ’s violence began in December 2006 when President Felipe Calderón decided to attack the drug cartels which in his view were challenging the state ’s authority .
The government ’s offensive has resulted in a complex , multisided , and violent scramble for markets , coercive power , and political influence .
What message did the gunmen intend to send with the murder of the consulate workers ?
It is a message easily recognized by students of irregular warfare .
Insurgents competing with the government for influence over the population have pain as one of the principal tools in their toolbox .
Apply the pain in a terrifying manner against even the most imposing symbols of authority — in this case the U.S. government — and political results may follow .
In Juárez , this tactic might be working .
Despite Calderón ’s addition of 10,000 federal troops , Juárez has already suffered 500 murders in 2010 .
According to articles in both the New York Times and Los Angeles Times , many residents of Juárez have had enough of Calderón ’s war on the cartels .
The president arrived for his third visit in a month , promising a list of social programs in addition to the military campaign .
But , according to the Los Angeles Times , Calderón was met with nervous and angry protesters , calling for a return to the more peaceful days before he became president .
Three years into Calderón ’s escalation , an increasing number of Mexicans may now conclude that the only path to greater peace may be accommodation with the cartels .
With their ability to apply intense pain and also distribute their massive revenues within some of Mexico ’s neighborhoods , the cartels are in a good position to sway public opinion toward a truce .
Calderón sought to establish the state ’s authority as supreme .
Juárez could instead show him what defeat looks like .
Reining in rogues ?
Or stifling initiative ?
Over the past week , the news from Afghanistan brought three stories with a common theme — in each case , headquarters had to rein in rogue operators who were either exceeding their authority or were breaking the law .
That ’s one view , but maybe not the correct one .
Another perspective is less sympathetic : nervous " control freaks " at the top of the chain of command are punishing creative field officers for daring to take the initiative .
If this view is more correct , it is a worrisome trend for the U.S. mission .
In the first story , the Washington Post ‘s Rajiv Chandrasekaran reported the anonymous grumblings of U.S. officials in Kabul and Washington who object to aspects of Marine Corps operations in Helmand province .
According to Chandrasekaran , Marine commanders are not waiting for permission from higher headquarters to expand their territory and apply their own solutions to problems in their area of responsibility .
The response from U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry was to regard the Marines as a " 42nd nation " in the coalition .
A senior Obama administration official complained about the Marine Corps approach damaging " operational coherence . "
Next was a report that Gen. Stanley McChrystal has seized direct command over all special operations forces in Afghanistan .
This implies that units that worked for another command or were in direct support of local commanders no longer will be .
According to the New York Times , McChrystal took this action in response to some recent direct action raids that went awry , resulting in the killing of Afghan civilians .
Finally , there is the murky case of Michael Furlong , a civilian employee of U.S. Strategic Command .
Furlong stands accused of using funds within the Pentagon ’s anti-roadside - bomb program to establish an informal intelligence - gathering network in Afghanistan using civilian contractors .
According to the Washington Post , the CIA and the special operations community complained about Furlong , whose activities are now under investigation .
Are these three cases examples of rogue operations that needed to be reined in ?
Or of nervous commanders and staff officers punishing subordinates for taking the initiative ?
In isolation , each of these cases of greater central control may be justifiable .
Freeing Kandahar from the Taliban may require more cooperation from the Marines .
Special operations forces may make fewer errors if under McChrystal ’s command .
And midlevel bureaucrats should not be able to exceed their authority and spend taxpayer money in violation of the law ( if that is in fact what Furlong did ) .
However justifiable each of these cases may be , the resulting appearance in the field might be that initiative , creativity , and risk - taking does n’t pay — it only results in disapproving scrutiny and possible punishment .
Field Manual 3 - 24 , the Pentagon ’s guide to counterinsurgency , states that " effective COIN operations are decentralized , and higher commanders owe it to their subordinates to push as many capabilities as possible down to their level .
Mission command encourages the initiative of subordinates and facilitates the learning that must occur at every level . "
Is FM 3 - 24 now passé in Kabul and Washington ?
McChrystal ’s staff ( and the White House staff ) does not have all the answers on how to prevail in Afghanistan .
The answers are out in the field , to be discovered by the soldiers out there .
That is something the top of the chain of command should ponder the next time it feels the urge to tighten its grip .
Xerces - C++ 3.1.0 was released yesterday .
This version includes a number of new features , performance improvements , and a large number of bug fixes , particularly in the XML Schema spec conformance area .
For the complete list of changes in this version refer to the official announcement on the project ’s mailing list .
In this post I am going to cover some of the more interesting new features in more detail .
As with previous versions , this release has been tested on all major platforms and comes with precompiled libraries ( total 16 ) for various CPU architectures , operating systems , and C++ compilers .
For most platforms 32 - bit and 64 - bit variants are provided .
The first new feature that I would like to talk more about is the multi-import support .
But first some background on the problem that we are trying to solve here .
As you may know , XML Schema provides two mechanisms for splitting and reusing schema files : the xs:include and xs:import directives .
The include directive is used to include one schema into another when both schemas have the same target namespace .
All that you specify inside an include directive is the schema file :
< xs:include schemaLocation = " base.xsd " />
The import directive is used to import declarations from a schema with one target namespace into a schema with another target namespace .
When you use it , you have to specify both the namespace being imported and the the schema file :
< xs:import namespace = " http://example.com/base " schemaLocation= " base.xsd " />
The include directives are normally used to split a complex schema for a particular XML vocabulary into multiple files .
While the import directives are normally used to reuse one XML vocabulary in another .
One challenge that the XML Schema processors have to overcome while handling these directives is duplicate includes and imports .
In the case of include the approach is straightforward : re-inclusions are detected and ignored based on the absolute path or URI of the schema file .
For the import directive there are two possible ways to handle this .
One way is for the processor to use the target namespace of the vocabulary being imported to detect and ignore duplicates .
This approach is simple , fast , and makes perfect sense .
After all , who would want to import only half of a vocabulary now , and another half later ?
While most schema authors would agree with this assessment , there are some that want to do such “ half - importing ” ( in most cases this happens when a single XML vocabulary uses multiple target namespaces ) .
The only way to support this is to use the second alternative , which is to use both the namespace and the schema location to detect duplicates .
This approach is more complex and slower .
As if this was n’t confusing enough , the XML Schema specification does n’t state which approach should be used .
It says that an implementation using either alternative is conforming .
While the first approach is cleaner and makes more sense , the consensus among the XML Schema processor developers is to use the second approach .
I think the fairly lengthy and regular emails that would be required to explain why certain schemas do n’t compile outweigh the difficulties of implementing the second approach .
Previous versions of Xerces - C++ only fully supported the first approach .
With this release the second approach is also supported .
To enable it , you will need to set the XMLUni::fgXercesHandleMultipleImports parameter to true .
Furthermore , the same logic was extended to the loadGrammar ( ) function as well as the schemaLocation and noNamespaceSchemaLocation attributes .
This way you can load several schemas with the same target namespace and / or “ add ” more declarations with the schemaLocation attributes .
The other new feature worth mentioning is the ability to configure the XML parser ’s buffer low water mark ( XMLUni::fgXercesLowWaterMark property ) .
By default , to improve performance , XML parsers in Xerces - C++ do n’t parse the data as soon as it becomes available .
Instead , the parsers buffer the data until a certain limit is reached after which they parse all the accumulated data in one go .
This works well in most situations except for cases where you are using the SAX / SAX2 interface and would like the parsing events to be triggered as soon as the data becomes available .
For example , imagine an application which reads the XML document to be parsed from a socket .
The document is delivered in chunks with potentially long delays .
The application wants to process the available data as soon as possible .
In this situation we probably do n’t want the XML parser sitting and waiting for the next chunk to fill up the buffer .
Instead , we would like the available data to be parsed and the corresponding SAX callbacks called ( that is , startElement ( ) , characters ( ) , etc. ) regardless of how small a chunk this is .
To achieve such immediate parsing , the parser ’s buffer low water mark would need to be set to zero .
Virginia should change course on rights restoration
Wellington Airport has backed down from a proposal to erect a " Wellywood " sign and is asking the public for alternative ideas .
The airport announced on March 8 that it would put a 28 m - wide by 3.5 m - high sign on steep hillside land it owns next to the Miramar cutting in June .
The sign , which had been given resource consent by Wellington City Council , was designed to copy the iconic Hollywood sign in Los Angeles , right down to the staggered lettering .
But opposition from the public - and a possible legal stoush after Hollywood lawyers said it would be a trademark violation - led to a change of plans .
Wellington Airport chief executive Steve Fitzgerald today invited alternative ideas for " a sign celebrating the global success of Wellington 's film industry " to be submitted via Facebook .
" There is general agreement that the sign is a good idea and there is a healthy discussion around various design ideas .
We are listening and we would like to hear those ideas , " he said .
" Our objectives are for the sign to say ' Wellington ' , ' film ' and ' global ' .
We think ' WELLYWOOD ' does that and so do many others .
" However , after discussing the issue with Mayor Kerry Prendergast we have decided to see if there is a better way of meeting these objectives .
She suggested that we listen to some alternative ideas , given the strength of opinion on it , and we 're happy to do that . "
Suggestions could be made on the Wellington International Airport Facebook page .
REJECTED : The Hollywood - style Wellington sign .
Yakezie Challenge Carnival # 4 - The Growth Edition
Yakezie… what ?
The Yakezie is a group of bloggers that have joined to challenge themselves and each other to continuously improve and to selflessly promote others .
It is not about competition , it is about cooperation .
Our little band of bloggers is slowly but surely growing more and more each week .
And the success of this challenge is nothing short of amazing .
If I am not mistaken , when we started this effort we had 4 blogs represented on page 1 of the WiseBread 100 Most Popular Financial Blogs .
At last check we have 20 !
Now that is growth !
The challenge was originally launched by Financial Samurai .
If you are interested in joining the challenge , you can by simply following the criteria :
TO JOIN THE YAKEZIE ALEXA RANKING CHALLENGE
1 ) Install the Alexa toolbar if not already and comment what your current Alexa ranking is , so we can keep track .
Comment on this Financial Samurai post to announce your acceptance .
2 ) Write consistently 2 - 4 times a week .
3 ) Install a Yakezie badge from Eliminate the Muda or from Credit Card Chaser
4 ) Announce on your blog that you have joined the challenge .
5 ) Selflessly promote others .
6 ) Stay committed !
Quitters are not desired in this challenge .
Last week Daniel at Sweating the Big Stuff generated an excellent Yakezie Carnival .
Please check it out .
Next week you can find the Yakezie Carnival at Cool to be Frugal .
SavingMoneyToday.net shares Disposable Products Cost More In The End
Deliver Away Debt posts
Hope will not get you out of debt !
Well Healed Blog presents Household Finance and Gender Roles : Women Budget , Men Invest ?
Cool to be Frugal asks Should I Put My Emergency Fund into a Roth IRA ?
Wealth Pilgrim states Make Sure Your IRA Beneficiary Gets Your Money When You Go
Narrow Bridge shares How I Make Money Online : Successes and Failures ( Part II )
My Money Minute introduces Estate Planning 101
Credit Card Chaser gives us the CARD Act Guide
Ending the Rat Race examines RRSP vs TFSA : Which One Would You Choose Under These Circumstances ?
Financial Samurai presents The Mental To Physical Connection For A Healthier Lifestyle
Engineer Your Finances shares his 3 - month Performance Review
Young and Thrifty presents a Comparison of No Fee Travel Reward Cards
Rainy Day Saver give us Identity Theft : Shredders , Unite
Frugal Zeitgeist introduces Garbage City – Now That ’s Entreprenurialism
Canadian Finance Blog shares A Financial Lesson From StarCraft
Beating Broke asks Are you Prodigal ?
Free From Broke delves in to What Is A Checking Account ?
My Journey to Millions presents Proof You can Only Push High Income Individuals Around So Much !
Out of Debt Again is Reallocating Bank Accounts
Sweating the Big Stuff posts
The 5 Worst Ways To Save Money
Stay at Home Mom CFO tells us Do n’t Count your Money until it ’s THERE
151 Days Off asks Is Traveling Worth Your Money ?
Clarifinancial presents Cinnamon Sugar Toast – Yum
Couple Money is celebrating the Couple Money Giveaway 6 Month Anniversary
20 ’s Money looks at American Dream : 43 % of Workers Have Less Than $ 10 K for Retirement
Darwin ’s Finance inquires Can a 130/30 Fund Beat the Market ?
You Bet !
Downturn Living shares Eco-Fraud Friday : How Green Is Your Sex Life ?
Early Retirement Extreme posts Benford ’s Law and why the first million is the hardest
Evolution of Wealth tells us What Every Life Insurance Policy Should n’t Be Without
Fiscal Fizzle presents How To Sell Your Car On Craigslist
Foreigner ’s Finance gives us Spend & Save :
Where do you use your money ?
Girl With The Red Balloon shares Running to my wedding
Little House In The Valley posts the Borrow and Pay Back Method
Money Beagle presents How I Maximize What Our Library Has To Offer
Money Funk shares Certificates of Deposit : Good Investment ?
Money Reasons introduces Wealth Tip # 5 : Increasing Your Financial Savings Delta
Ultimate Money Blog tells us to Do What Works For You
Redeeming Riches presents How To Grab An Extra $ 150,000 For Retirement
Punch Debt In The Face posts Delay Gratification or Die
Not Made Of Money asks Do Your Finances Need A Good Spring Cleaning ?
Planting Dollars shares Are You Your Profession ?
Monevator introduces Earn More Money By Tackling Your Mental Beliefs
One Money Design gives us Make Wise Financial Decisions : An Unhurried Approach
Personal Finance Journey investigates How Much It Costs To Have A Newborn Baby
Personal Finance Ninja examines Life Style Inflation : Why Your Savings Is Not Growing As Fast As Your Income
Single Guy Money announces First National Bank of Single Guy Money is CLOSED
The Amateur Financier explores Is Socialism Feasible ?
The Centsible Life shares Lose Weight Without Exercise :
It ’s all about what you eat !
Zordane asks How Much Automated Could You Get ?
My Financial Objectives looks at Kids vs No Kids – This May Surprise You
Blog Income Life presents Quality vs Quantity ?
One Bloggers Reply To Pat Flynn
Socialist Party of Malaysia MP Jeyakumar Devaraj addresses a rally against the free trade agreement between Malaysia and the United States .
By Jeyakumar Devaraj
February 11 , 2010 -- Aliran Monthly -- Malaysia has only known one ruling coalition in the past 52 years since independence .
But the result of the March 2008 election has led to rising hope among many Malaysians that an enormous change might be around the corner – a two - party system under which the people are free to choose between two coalitions , which are both capable of governing the country .
The purpose of this paper is to locate the institution of a two - coalition system against a wider historical perspective .
The concept that every person has an equal right to select the government irrespective of his or her social status , wealth , education , religious affiliation or beliefs is a revolutionary idea .
And it is relatively new .
Ever since the time historical records have been kept right about 7000 years ago and right up until the 19th century , human society has been organised on the principle that certain groups of people were born with superior characteristics and therefore had the ( “ God - given ” ) right to rule .
The majority of the people , the commoners , were considered to be inferior and less “ refined ” and therefore not fit to rule .
This was the basis of the feudal system that was in existence since 5000 BC in Mesopotamia , the Indus Valley , the Yang Tze civilisation and Egypt .
It remained true during Roman times and in kingdoms all over the world – India right up until the time it was colonialised , China , the kingdoms of Malacca and Majapahit , the Maya and Inca empires in Latin America , the kingdoms of Africa , the Islamic empires from the time of the Prophet right up to the end of the 19th century .
This concept began facing a challenge in the 16th century .
A faction of the elite in England rose up against King Charles I because it was unhappy that it was not being consulted about the rate of taxation .
This led to the English Civil War in 1641 - 1651 and ended with the beheading of the king .
Charles ’ son did manage to re-establish the monarchy in 1660 ( and execute several of those who were instrumental in the removal of his father ) .
But a system whereby the propertied elites would be consulted by the British monarch was formalised ; this later evolved into the House of Lords .
This concept – that people have the right to have a say in their governance – slowly developed into " universal suffrage " or the right of all citizens to vote .
In Britain , the most advanced country of that era , the Reform Act of 1832 extended voting rights to adult males who rented propertied land of a certain value , so granting one in seven males in the UK voting rights .
The Representation of the People Act of 1918 lifted property restrictions for voting for men , who could vote at 21 years old ; however , women ’s votes were given with these property restrictions and were limited to those over 30 .
Women in Britain only won equal voting rights through the Representation of the People Act of 1928 .
In the United States , the 15th amendment of the US constitution in 1870 gave the right to vote to all citizens irrespective of colour or history of previous servitude .
But black men faced considerable obstacles in exercising this right as many US states enacted laws requiring proof of a certain level of literacy and the payment of taxes to qualify as a voter .
There was also the real threat of physical violence against black men who were audacious enough to come forward and vote .
It took the National Voting Rights Act of 1965 to assure the voting rights of blacks in several southern states .
Women in the US only won the right to vote in 1920 through the 19th amendment to the constitution .
So , the institution of universal suffrage , is a very recent phenomenon , historically speaking – it has only been practised in the past 150 years of the past 7000 years of humankind ’s written history !
In Malaya , ordinary people were first given the right to vote in the municipal elections of 1952 .
Despite being a relatively recent phenomenon , the democratic revolution cannot be undone .
People all over the world have come to accept the egalitarian concept that all humans are “ equal before god ” and have the right to choose their government and have a say in the way they are governed .
Thomas Jefferson ’s famous lines , “ We hold these truths to be self evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness ” , has come to be accepted by a large majority of the world ’s population !
The source of the democratic `revolution '
Karl Marx argued that campaigns for universal suffrage were an integral part of the struggle of a new elite for political hegemony .
Marx noted that the political movements for the right to vote ( and for a curtailment of the arbitrary power of kngs and the aristocracy ) started in the most economically advanced countries of the time – England , France and the United States .
Marx ’s view was that a new elite group – the mercantile ( traders ) and later the industrial capitalists – was emerging from feudal society .
This new elite had increasing economic power but were constrained by the existing feudal structures .
To succeed in their struggle against the arbitrariness of feudal aristocrats and the monarch and for a greater say in society , this new elite enlisted the support of the “ commoners ” and campaigned against vested feudal interests .
They did this by arguing for a more equal society and championing concepts such as no taxation without representation , the equality of all men , rule of law , judgment by a jury made up of their peers and emancipation of slaves .
The monarch can not rule by decree .
All men and women are created equal before God and have an equal right to determine how they are governed .
This was the essence of the bourgeois democratic revolution , and it has changed human society in a very fundamental way !
Can the two - party system meet the real needs of ordinary people ?
“ Workers of the world unite .
You have nothing to lose apart from your chains ! ” , exhorted Marx in the Communist Manifesto in 1848 .
Many progressive worker leaders agreed with him that the rule of the rich elite had to be overcome through a revolution of the working peoples .
But with the advent of universal suffrage , many leaders of the working class began to question the need for revolution to advance their cause .
After all , they argued , since ordinary people make up the huge majority of the population , the real needs of the ordinary people would be addressed by electing in a government that is sensitive to the problems of the ordinary people .
There is now no need at all to organise for a revolution as Karl Marx had advocated ( Communist Manifesto ) for the poor constitute the majority of voters .
Change can come in stages through the ballot box – socialism by evolution .
But there were others in the socialist movement who disagreed with this view .
Lenin for one argued strongly and eloquently as follows :
State = Bureaucracy + armed body of men
The state is not neutral .
It is there to protect a certain class interest .
It is an instrument for the promotion of a particular class and the suppression of other classes .
The existing states in the world all legitimise and protect the property interests of the elite – the capitalists and the landlords .
It is not enough for a workers ’ party to merely take over the reins of power .
One needs to revamp the state apparatus itself .
The laws defining property relationships need to be rewritten ;
* The privileges of the elected representatives had to be curtailed for they tend to get coopted by the elite ( only workers ' wages ! ) ;
* Make elected representatives more accountable – “ immediate recall ” ;
* Transparency of the administration .
Taking over of administrative functions by local councils of workers and the ordinary people .
Lenin argued that the bourgeois state apparatus must be “ smashed ” and a new state apparatus needs to be set up to implement changes in the interest of the workers – the “ dictatorship of the proletariat ” .
[ I am putting his ideas very crudely – look at State and Revolution for a proper exposition of these views ! ]
The verdict of history - which group was right ?
The socialist movement ( the Second International ) split into two camps .
The Bolsheviks succeeded in overthrowing the Russian tzar and expropriating the capitalists and the landlords in their country .
This led initially to severe economic privations – industrial production as well as food production dropped disastrously , and there was famine .
But after the initial period , the centrally planned Soviet economy grew at a much faster rate than that of the Western economies , propelling the Soviet Union ’s emergence as one of the two super - powers in the world in the 1960s .
But democracy suffered .
The “ proletarian dictatorship ” of the Soviet Union deteriorated to the dictatorship of a bureaucratic elite who assumed totalitarian control of that society and completely stifled political participation of the ordinary people .
This is the main reason why capitalist restoration was accomplished so easily in these societies following the collapse of the Berlin Wall in 1989 .
The other major group – the social democrats – took the parliamentary route .
The world witnessed tremendous improvements in the working and living conditions of workers , especially in Europe as the social democratic parties managed to implement significant reforms and institute a “ welfare state ” .
But since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1989 , there has been a significant move in the opposite direction ( the neoliberal attack on benefits accorded to the ordinary people ) .
Benefits given to workers are being pulled back all over the world including in Europe .
Distribution of national income is again becoming skewed towards the richest of the elites .
So which group was correct ?
I think it is not clear cut .
The Bolshevik experiment in the USSR demonstrated clearly that one can grow the economy and industrialise a nation without the capitalist class – i.e. capitalists are dispensable , and all the drivel about the need for entrepreneurial skills to spur economic and technological growth is simply not true .
But it cannot be denied that the KGB was vicious , and the Gulag did happen .
The USSR was a totalitarian police state where ordinary people were completely disenfranchised .
Trotskyists would argue that the Bolshevik experiment was derailed in the 1920s itself by a bureaucratic faction organised around Stalin – that it would have been possible to widen and deepen the democratic revolution while building a modern economy .
The social democrats who took the parliamentary route began facing problems in the 1960s .
They did not expropriate the capitalists but just regulated them .
This resulted in an out - migration of capital to nations that had fewer restrictions on capital – especially when the West began winning the Cold War !
A process of de-industrialisation took place in Britain and other advanced industrial countries .
Industrial jobs dropped as factories relocated , and government income dropped as companies relocated to tax havens .
This forced the government of the welfare states to take measures to reduce the pressure on corporations ; the tax regime was altered in their favour .
A value added tax ( VAT or goods and services tax ) was instituted to shift the tax burden to the ordinary people , and parts of the welfare state were dismantled through privatisation and co-payment requirements .
This process of dismantling the welfare state is ongoing today .
So the jury is still out on this question .
Lenin and Marx could have been right when they insisted that the means of producing wealth should be taken from the hands of individuals and corporations and put under the control of ordinary people .
That was for them ( Marx and Lenin ) an essential prerequisite for the building of an equitable and humane society .
Production must be for human need and not for corporate profits !
Benefits of a two - party system
The two - party system is an improvement on universal suffrage .
Universal suffrage entitles everyone to the vote .
But that does n’t automatically mean that the people can change the government .
We do not need to go far to look for examples – take our case in Malaysia : UMNO ( the United Malays National Organisation ) believes that it has a ( God - given ) right to rule in perpetuity , and several key institutions within the government share this view : the police , the attorney general , the judiciary ... among others .
The manner in which the state institutions acted to bring down the opposition Pakatan Rakyat ( People 's Alliance ) government in Perak state is a clear indicator of how deeply entrenched the belief that UMNO is the only legitimate party to rule Malaysia .
Another example is just south of the causeway – Singapore .
There is universal suffrage but no electoral choices of significance .
Change of power between two parties or two coalitions at federal level signifies a certain political maturity and a non-aligned stance on the part of the government bureaucracy .
The move to a two - coalition system will bring several benefits to our society especially in curbing government excesses and corruption .
Because :
Your enemy may come into power the next time and expose all your misdeeds .
Also “ absolute power corrupts absolutely ” .
Limiting the time a party stays in office helps curb excesses .
Limitations / pitfalls of the two - coalition system
But there are limitations to the two - party system .
It does not solve all the problems .
The limitations are as follows :
Is there a real choice ?
Look at Labour and Conservative in the UK ; Republicans and Democrats in the US .
The main parties gravitate to the political centre and there is n’t much to choose from .
Participation in national elections requires huge funds .
Only parties and presidential candidates that have the backing of the corporate sector can hope to compete successfully .
So the people only have a choice between " Coca - Cola " and " Pepsi " .
Incidentally , this is true for us in Malaysia as well .
While the Pakatan Rakyat represents an improvement over the UMNO - dominated Barisan Nasional coalition in its stance regarding ethnic politicking , corruption , cronyism and the need to abolish draconian laws such as the Internal Secuirty Act , there is n’t much difference between the Barisan Nasional and Pakatan Rakyat on crucial macroeconomic policy issues such as the free trade agreement with the US , intellectual property rights , the need to attract foriegn investment to Malaysia , liberalisation of the economy , health tourism , privatisation and support for a GST .
This is the main reason why the Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) has held back from formally joining the PR coalition .
The PSM supports Pakatan Rakyat because we believe that moving to a two - coalition system is a step forward for Malaysian society .
But getting into the Pakatan Rakyat as a junior member would signal an endorsement of the macroeconomic policies listed above , which we are dead against .
This raises the necessity of creating " third force " candidatures to bring real alternatives into the political agenda of the nation .
Sometimes parties appeal to ethnic , jingoist or religious sentiments in order to win votes and in the process exacerbate these sentiments and lead to conflict among the people .
Examples include :
a . The Sri Lanka Freedom Party of Bandaranaike came to power by exploiting Sinhala chauvinism .
b. The BJP in India has Hindu - chauvinist tendencies .
c . The ultra-right , ant - immigrant parties in Europe similarly feed on the fear of economic competition caused by immigrant communities .
The two - party system can lead to gutter politics and exacerbate ethnic tensions as rival groups within the elite play on divisive sentiments in their efforts to win power in parliament .
There are examples of this in several of the nations emerging from the dissolution of the USSR and Yugoslavia .
This underlines the importance of building a people ’s coalition that enhances the solidarity of all the ordinary people – the Marhaen – and this necessitates a class - based approach to the issue of nation building .
In the rare event of a significant change in power , there is always the danger of an extra- parliamentary coup by the propertied classes , as occurred in Chile in 1973 .
( The legally elected government of Salvador Allende of the Chilean Socialist Party was overthrown by a US - sponsored coup in which tens of thousands of left - wing activists , unionists and writers were murdered . )
The example of Venezuela holds many lessons that we need to analyse and learn from , such as :
Use of referendums to debate on national issues , educate people and deepen the praxis of democracy .
Parallel mobilisation of the ordinary people to counter the high risks of a right - wing counterattack as happened in Chile .
Creation of new , more pro-people institutions to circumvent the old bureaucracy that is wedded to pro-corporate interests .
Conclusion
Democracy is here to stay !
It is a significant step forward for humanity , and it should be preserved and deepened .
It has become part of popular culture the world over , and ordinary people throughout the world will reject attempts to curtail their newly won democratic rights .
The two - party system is a step towards the further maturity of the democratic status of a country .
It signifies a certain maturity of the civil service .
But it will not automatically solve the problems facing the nation .
There is a crucial need to mobilise ordinary people on a class basis to :
• uphold and deepen democracy
• safeguard against ethnic and religious chauvinism
• protect the democratic process from right wing counter - coups .
There is an equally crucial need for a party that is able to present a clear analysis of the current problems facing our country – for example the neoliberal assault on the living conditions of the majority because of the demands of corporate - led globalisation , so that the Malaysian people can mobilise to work towards a more equitable society .
[ Dr Jeyakumar Devaraj , an Aliran member , is the MP for Sungai Siputand and a member of the Socialist Party of Malaysia .
This article first appeared in Aliran Monthly . ]
The opposition in the UK has called for a withdrawal of the roughly 25,000 British soldiers currently based in Germany .
Shadow Defense Secretary Dr. Liam
Fox has told The Daily Telegraph newspaper this would help the British military commit more resources to " expeditionary roles " around the world , like the NATO - led mission in Afghanistan .
" What is not possible is for Britain to try to do everything , " Fox said .
" It 's clear that things as they are can not continue .
We need some change . "
The British troops currently stationed in Germany - spread across four garrisons in North Rhine - Westphalia and Lower Saxony - arrived at the end of World War II as occupying forces and stayed during the Cold War as part of NATO 's defense strategy against a possible Soviet ground invasion .
Britain is Europe 's largest contributor of troops to the mission in Afghanistan , with many of its 9,000 soldiers stationed in more dangerous areas of the country .
If Britain is to increase its presence in Afghanistan , Fox says it will need help in other areas .
" If other countries are willing to take up roles in continental defense , that leaves Britain and France able to take on expeditionary roles .
Finding a more creative diplomatic solution in NATO will be a priority for an incoming Conservative government . ”
" Clear constitutional reasons "
Fox described calls in the British media for a witdrawal from Afghanistan as " dangerous "
Fox also offered a lifeline to European countries like Germany whose constitution or history makes it difficult to sign up for a full combat role in Afghanistan .
The German constitution stipulates that the country 's military should only be used for self - defense or peacekeeping , meaning that most of the over 4,300 German troops are stationed in relatively safe parts of the country .
" Much as people regard it as a great political sport to be constantly berating our allies on what they do and do n't do in Afghanistan , it 's more important that we have more effective social burden sharing so we can be freed up from some responsibilities . "
" We need to be clear that there are constitutional and political reasons why some NATO countries will not be able to do the same amount when it comes to expeditionary warfare . "
Fox suggested that other NATO nations might be better suited to the peaceful mission on German soil , thus freeing up the British army to commit more in Afghanistan .
Ultimately , he said , NATO will work best if its members take on tasks they are " 100 percent willing to carry out . "
Fox 's suggestion is part of his Conservative party 's planned restructuring of foreign and security policy , to be implemented if it comes out on top in Britain 's next general election .
The mission in Afghanistan is not very popular amongst the British people , but Fox said that unilaterally pulling out of the country would be a huge mistake .
" If , in a UN sanctioned mission , carried out by NATO , Britain were to unilaterally pull out , where does that leave Britain as a strategic partner in the future ?
Where does that leave us ?
If you want to be in the third division , that 's the way to go about it . "
msh / Reuters/dpa/AP
Editor : Andreas Illmer
By Denise Winterman
BBC News Magazine
Gordon Brown is reportedly weaning himself off his four - KitKats - a - day habit and is now eating nine bananas instead to get fit for the election .
So which is the best snack ?
From chocolate - coated wafer biscuit snack to the bendy that comes with its own packaging - the prime minister is reportedly changing his snack of choice .
Brown makes his allegiance clear in the two v four fingers debate
It 's been reported that Gordon Brown habitually ate three or four KitKats a day until his wife put her foot down and nudged him on a healthier diet .
Downing Street will neither confirm nor deny the PM 's switch in snacking allegiance .
" The numbers are a matter of speculation , " says his official spokesman , who does , however , add that bananas help ensure " good health and radiance " .
Both are giants of the snack world , but how do they measure up ?
THE GREAT SNACK STAND - OFF POPULARITY
The United Kingdom 's best - selling fruit by far : 231 bananas eaten every second on average .
The UK's best - selling confectionery brand : 47 KitKats are eaten every second on average .
CALORIES 105 in a medium banana ( CalorieKing ) 230 in a traditional four - finger bar ( Nestle ) FAT 0.4g fat ( 1 % daily recommended intake ) / 0.1g sat fat ( 1 % daily recommended intake ) 12g fat ( 18 % daily recommended intake ) / 7g sat fat ( 36 % daily recommended intake ) HEALTH BENEFITS
Rich source of potassium , essential for good blood pressure and heart function , and fibre .
A medium banana has roughly 400mg of potassium , 11 % of your daily recommended intake and 3.1g of fibre , 12 % of your daily recommended intake .
Also helps regulate blood sugar levels and slowly release energy .
Not brimming with vitamins and minerals , but has some calcium - good for bones and teeth - and iron , good for blood and transporting oxygen around the body .
One four - finger bar provides 6 % of recommended daily calcium intake and 8 % of recommended daily iron intake .
Also has 1g of fibre .
DOWNSIDES Unripe bananas can cause constipation .
High fibre content means eating too many can cause bloating and wind .
Gives a sugar rush but not very filling .
Even has 0.1g of trans fat , the food nasty that is bad for the heart .
SATISFACTION Limited satisfaction - it 's simply fuel for most people .
The banana experience can be spiced up if thrown in a fruit smoothie , or baked in a tasty muffin , but the latter is not so healthy .
Mmmm .
Good mouth - feel .
And snapping off a finger can be a very satisfying sound , particularly if it is the sound of friends sharing the snack .
Rare all - chocolate finger is bliss .
CELEBRITY SPOTS
Lionel Blair
Cheryl Cole VARIETY
Comes in three sizes - small , medium or large .
Colour , texture and taste varies as the banana ripens from woody and green to mushy and nearly black .
Dried banana chips add an extra frisson to the selection .
Four fingers or two .
Chunky .
Dark chocolate .
White chocolate .
Mint. Orange . Caramel . Cappuccino .
Apple ( Japan ) .
Hazelnut ( Germany ) .
Even banana flavoured in Canada .
The list goes on and on ...
FOLKLORE Fishermen associate bananas with bad luck .
One popular theory suggests this is because venomous spiders hitched rides in banana crates - and once onboard would bite and kill crew .
Parents in Japan swear by KitKats when their youngsters are taking exams .
The phrase " Kitto Katsu " apparently translates as " you will surely win " .
The bars are often given as a good - luck gift .
DANGERS
A slip on a banana skin is painful and very embarrassing .
Dunkers run the risk of burning their actual fingers on hot beverages .
CULTURAL IMPACT
The banana - skin slip has been a comedy classic for generations and across cultures .
It 's made the world laugh .
It 's a global chocolate bar , that cuts through cultural differences .
The world shares the UK's love of KitKats .
PORTABILITY
Easily battered about and squashed .
Can look obscene in a trouser pocket .
Flat and slips very neatly into pockets or bags , but easily melts and snaps .
HISTORY Mentioned in Buddhist texts in 600 BC .
Alexander the Great discovered the fruit in India in 327 BC .
Organised banana plantations could be found in China back in 200 AD .
Launched in 1935 and was originally called Chocolate Crisp .
From 1945 - 47 , sported a blue wrapper when plain chocolate was used due to milk shortages after the war .
ETHICAL CREDENTIALS
One in every four bananas sold in UK supermarkets is now Fairtrade , with sales topping £ 150 m .
But there has been a long - running international trade dispute , with tariffs on some countries that produce the fruit for European markets .
The four - finger KitKat was certified as Fairtrade in the UK and Ireland in January 2010 .
Although parent company Nestle does have a chequered reputation for ethics , with consumer boycotts over the years because of its promotion of baby milk formula in Africa .
THE GOD FACTOR Christian activist Ray Comfort says bananas are proof of God 's existence - they are so perfectly suited to our hands , God must have created them expressly for our benefit .
A Dutch website reported last April that a man had claimed to have seen the face of Jesus in the centre of a KitKat Chunky he had just taken a bite out of .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Warning !
Bad Ashley is for Adult 18 + Viewers Only .
Please leave if you are not of age !
All models were at least 18 years old when they were photographed .
The site is in full compliance with 18 USC Section 2257 .
All pictures , articles , titles and content on this site has either been submitted by individuals who possess the rights to use and distribute said images , or were collected freely and reposted from many various sites and newsgroups , under the belief that they are in the “ public domain . ”
Most Amateur Content was emailed from various " Girlfriend Sites " for use to promote .
We have zero tolerance for illegal material on this site .
Please click Removal link above to express content concerns for immediate removal .
We also encourage surfers with children to click the child filters link above .
© Badashley.com
Brussels wants to avoid a repeat of Greece 's financial crisis The European Commission has confirmed that it may set up a version of the International Monetary Fund to bolster the eurozone 's financial stability .
Germany and France are leading the move , part of a series of initiatives aimed at avoiding a repeat of the sort of financial crisis engulfing Greece .
The German Chancellor Angela Merkel has expressed cautious support for the plan .
France and Germany have resisted IMF involvement in Greece 's financial woes .
The IMF monitors the economic policies of member countries and can provide financial aid in the event of a crisis .
Ms Merkel called a European version of the IMF " a good and interesting idea " , but warned that a new European treaty may be necessary to create it , and help prevent a repeat of the Greek crisis .
We need an institution that has the experience and power of the IMF
Wolfgang Schaeuble
German Finance Minister
Hewitt blog : EMF debate " We do n't want to get back into such a situation , but our instruments are not adequate to deal with such a situation , " she said .
BBC economics correspondent Andrew Walker said that although the idea of a European Monetary Fund ( EMF ) had been prompted by the problems in Greece , it could not be up and running soon enough to deal with that problem .
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said at the weekend that " for the internal stability of the eurozone , we need an institution that has the experience and power of the IMF " .
Austerity plan Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn will inform the full commission executive on Tuesday about the talks on the EMF plan , said his spokesman , Amadeu Altafaj Tardio .
Mr Tardio also said that things were " happening quickly " .
" We are in discussion with the countries of the eurozone , " he said .
Full details of the EMF , and how the 16 members of the eurozone would fund it , might be ready by early June , he added .
Weighed down by a deficit more than four times the EU 's limit , Greece has initiated a number of austerity measures , including sweeping tax rises and deep cuts in public spending .
The emergency action has sparked protests and nationwide strikes that have affected air and ground transport , as well as schools and hospitals .
It has also highlighted differences in the 27 - nation EU between the euro countries and those that have retained their own national currencies .
Countries outside the euro have greater leeway in managing their finances as they can devalue their money if they so wish to help balance their books .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy met Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou in Paris on Sunday to discuss Greece 's austerity package .
The meeting came amid growing belief that France and Germany will provide some sort of financial guarantee for the Greek economy .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The levels people have been creating with the level - design tools in LittleBigPlanet have been interesting , but the video sent to us today may be the most impressive use of the game we 've seen yet .
Take a look .
" Since you wrote up the first LittleBigPlanet Computer , I thought you might take interest in this one .
Some guys put together a 36 - cell simulation of Conway 's Game of Life inside a LittleBigPlanet level , and it 's absolutely amazing , " Nina wrote us .
" If you actually go through and play the level , they provide you with all of the components — logic gates , their computer clock and edge detector , a multiplexer , etc — to build your own mechanical computer . "
The level is called " LittleBigLife " and the creator 's PSN name is Corbu , in case you want to look it up yourself .
The computer is running an artificial life simulation called the " Game of Life , " created by Cambridge mathematician John Conway .
Here are the rules :
For a space that is ' populated ' :
Each cell with one or no neighbors dies , as if by loneliness .
Each cell with four or more neighbors dies , as if by overpopulation .
Each cell with two or three neighbors survives .
For a space that is ' empty ' or ' unpopulated '
Each cell with three neighbors becomes populated .
The rules look simple , but watching the " game " play out is always interesting , and the skill involved in making them work via LittleBigPlanet is pretty amazing ; Media Molecule 's title remains one of the most fascinating games of the year .
Renewable Energy Investment Could Hit $ 200 Billion in 2010
March 21st , 2010 by Zachary Shahan
A new report by Bloomberg finds that renewable energy investment may increase by 23 % worldwide this year and could hit $ 200 billion .
Renewable energy investment was $ 162 billion last year , but Bloomberg predicts that it will be somewhere between $ 175 and $ 200 billion this year .
But the real questions are , what will happen in the years to come and who will be the world leaders in this field ?
“ There ’s a big bulge of stimulus money coming through this year , ” Bloomberg New Energy Finance Chief Executive Officer Michael Liebreich said during a press conference at the consultant ’s annual conference in London last week .
“ The question is what happens when they switch off the stimulus . ”
US , China , Europe , and others have $ 184 billion set aside for clean energy projects , most of which ( two thirds of it ) is to be spent by the end of 2011 .
Clearly , China is in the lead on this topic .
Last year , China invested $ 34.5 billion in clean energy , whereas the US invested $ 18.6 billion ( the second most worldwide ) .
In doing so , it “ replaced the U.S. as the biggest investor in renewable energy for the first time in at least five years . ”
China is not looking to hit cruise control anytime soon either — a new multi-billion dollar renewable energy program is set for launch soon .
Meanwhile , Republican Congressmen ( and Congresswomen ) in the US are fighting every attempt to bring clean energy and climate friendly investment to the US .
And China is reportedly doing its part to stay in # 1 by trying to squeeze the US out of its renewable energy market .
With the pace of change in the world today , it is hard to know what renewable energy investment will be in a few years , but it looks like you could put your money on China being in the lead .
We will see .
Image Credit : lupinehorror via flickr under a CC license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
VALDIVIA , Chile –
One of the world ’s six - largest earthquakes in recorded history has left hundreds dead and damaged buildings , roads , and bridges throughout central Chile .
Chileans slowly are becoming aware of the breadth of the disaster , which President Michelle Bachelet called " a catastrophe of devastating consequences . "
Chile ’s president - in - waiting , Sebastian Pinera , who is to take office on March 11 , had an extensive tour of the damage , then grimly told reporters “ it is probable that the official number of people who have lost their lives is going to increase , and there are many injured . ”
“ Our future government is going to do all that is necessary to help the victims of this earthquake and to accelerate the process of reconstruction , ” said Pinera .
The earthquake was felt across the region to varying degrees .
In Argentina , many hundred miles away from the epicenter , which was just north of Chile ’s second - largest - city Concepcion in central Chile , towns like Villa de Angostura were jolted awake to shaking beds .
Four regions of Chile were declared “ zones of catastrophe . ”
In the southern Chilean city of Valdivia , which nearly 50 years ago , on May 22 , 1960 , was the site of an earthquake measuring a devastating 9.5 on the Richter scales — the world ’s most powerful earthquake in history – residents were especially aware of the dangers of this natural disaster .
Monica Paredes , 31 , who runs boat tours with her father along the Cruces River , which winds through this coastal city located about 330 miles south of the epicenter of the earthquake , said her home rocked back and forth progressively stronger for several minutes , sending her television and furniture flying across the house .
Her stepfather , Armando Peralta , 73 , a survivor of the 1960 earthquake , immediately recognized the magnitude of this earthquake and sought to keep them calm .
" We were sleeping , and then the house began to rise up , " said Paredes .
" We 're still terrified . "
Laura Sierra , 25 , said that her mother , another survivor of the world ’s worst - ever earthquake , screamed with outright fright as they hurried down the stairs from the fourth - floor of their rickety , old apartment building .
They were sure it was going to collapse .
" We were trembling on the street in our pajamas watching the street move below us for what seemed like 15 minutes , " said Sierra .
The nearly 50 - years - old concrete dock at the Muelle Schuster , the main river port in the center of town , split into two .
Chilean Naval Captain Srdjan Darrigrande , who is in charge of the port , said boats are prohibited from heading out to sea for the next three days .
He said that though the biggest damage is likely behind Chile , they must take precautions .
" We do n't want to create hysteria .
We are encouraging people to stay calm , " he said .
Islands throughout the Pacific braced for a possible tsunami after diverse reports that several central Chile beach towns were partially under water after being pounded by waves at least 6 feet higher than normal .
On Chile ’s Robinson Crusoe Island , part of Juan Fernandez National Park , about 30 percent of the houses , several hotels and the government 's municipal office were said to have disappeared after being hit by giant waves .
Pedro Forteza , a pilot who visited the island after the tsunami hit , told Chilean National Television that “ the damage is much worse than anyone can imagine .
At least 40 - 50 houses are gone . "
But the epicenter of the earthquake was off the coast of Cobquecura , a town of more than 5,600 people where radio reports said 95 percent of the town was completely destroyed .
Chileans can expect more tremors , including the possibility of another earthquake in the weeks ahead , said experts .
There were more than 60 aftershocks on Saturday , with three measuring greater than 6 on the Richter scale .
Seismologists worldwide say the Chile quake was significantly stronger than the tremor that devastated Haiti on Jan. 12 .
Mark Benthien of the USC Earthquake Center told the Los Angeles Times that an 8.8 quake causes roughly 500 " times the shaking " that Haiti's 7.o quake produced .
In part because Chile is one of the world ’s most seismic countries , and thus with strict building codes , many buildings suprisingly stood up to this powerful earthquake .
Still , Chileans are becoming more aware of the massive damage as new images and reports come to light .
Recovery efforts are underway and Chile President Michelle Bachelet told national television that nearly 2 million Chileans are believed affected by the earthquake to varying degrees .
Officals expect it will take at least a year to repair all the damage .
“ We are facing at a catacylsm of historic proportions , ” said Chilean Interior Minister Edmundo Perez Yoma .
CS6963 : Parallel Programming for GPUs ( 3 units )
Schedule : MW 10:45 AM - 12:05 PM
Location : MEB 3105
Instructor : Mary Hall , MEB 3466 , mhall@cs.utah.edu
Office Hours : MW 12:20 - 1:20 PM
Teaching Assistant : Sriram Aananthakrishnan , MEB 3157 , sriram@cs.utah.edu
Office hours : 2 - 3PM , Thursdays
Course Summary
This course examines an important trend in high - performance computing , the use of special - purpose hardware originally designed for graphics and games to solve general - purpose computing problems .
Such graphics processing units ( GPUs ) have enormous peak performance for arithmetically - intensive computations , and at relatively low cost as compared to their general - purpose counterparts with similar performance levels .
Technology trends are driving all microprocessors towards multiple core designs , and therefore , the importance of techniques for parallel programming is a rich area of recent study .
Students in the course will learn how to develop scalable parallel programs targeting the unique requirements for obtaining high performance on GPUs .
We will compare and contrast parallel programming for GPUs and conventional multi-core microprocessors .
The course will largely consist of small individual programming assignments , and a larger term project to be presented to the class .
As this course combines hands - on programming and a discussion of research in the area , it is suitable for Masters students and PhD students who wish to learn how to write parallel applications or are engaged in research in related areas .
Prerequisites
Basic knowledge of : programming in C ( CS440 or equivalent ) ; algorithms and data structures ( CS4150 or equivalent ) and computer architecture or game hardware architecture ( CS3810 or equivalent ) .
Textbooks and Resources
[ Recommended ] NVidia , CUDA Programmng Guide , available from http ://www.nvidia.com/object/cuda_develop.html for CUDA 2.0 and Windows , Linux or MAC OS .
, CUDA Guide , ://www.nvidia.com/object/cuda_develop.html for CUDA 2.0 and Windows , Linux or MAC OS .
[ Recommended ] M. Pharr ( editor ) , GPU Gems 2 : Programming Techniques for High - Performance Graphics and General - Purpose Computation ( Addison - Wesley , 2005 ) .
http://http.developer.nvidia.com/GPUGems2/gpugems2_part01.html
[ Additional ] Grama , A. Gupta , G. Karypis , and V. Kumar , Introduction to Parallel Computing , 2nd Ed. ( Addison - Wesley , 2003 ) .
[ Additional ] , A. Gupta , G. , and V. Kumar , ( Addison - Wesley , 2003 ) .
Readings , connected with lectures Additional , connected with lectures
Grading
Homeworks / mini-projects 25 %
Midterm test 15 %
Project proposal 10 %
Project design review 10 %
Project Presentation / demo 15 %
Project Final Report 20 %
Class Participation 5 %
Assignments
Assignment 1 : Reductions , Data and Computation Partitioning Due 5 PM , Friday , January 30
Assignment 2 : Dependences , Parallelization and Locality Optimization Due 5 PM , Thursday , February 19
Assignment 3 : Tiling and Performance Experiments Due 5 PM , Wednesday , March 4
Sample CPU code
Project Proposal Due 5 PM , Friday , March 13
Example Powerpoint poster ( without logos ) Class Topics
Lecture 1 : Introduction ( pdf ) ( ppt ) ( mp3 )
Course overview
Technology trends : why do GPUs look the way they do ?
Role of specialized accelerators .
look the way they do ?
Role of specialized accelerators .
General - purpose multi-core architectures : what ’s different ?
Parallel software crisis
How to determine if an application can get high performance on a GPU .
Reading : GPU Gems 2. , Ch. 31
Lecture 2 : Introduction to CUDA ( pdf ) ( ppt ) ( mp3 )
What is CUDA ?
Computation partitioning constructs
Concept of data partitioning and constructs
Data management and orchestration
CPU version GPU version
Work through simple CUDA example
Reading : NVIDIA CUDA 2.0 Programmers ’ Guide
Lecture 3 : Synchronization , Data & Memory ( pdf ) ( ppt ) ( mp3 )
Error checking mechanisms
Synchronization
More on data partitioning
Reading : CUDA Programming Guide
Reference : Grama et al. , Ch. 3
Lecture 4 : Hardware and Execution Model ( pdf ) ( ppt )
SIMD execution on Streaming Processors
MIMD execution across SPs
Scoreboarding Multithreading to hide memory latency
Reading : CUDA Programming Guide
Reference : Grama et al. , Ch. 2
Lecture 5 : Writing Correct Parallel Programs ( pdf ) ( ppt ) ( mp3 )
Race conditions and data dependences
Tools and strategies for detecting race conditions
Omega calculator Abstractions to reason about safe parallelization
Reading : Omega calculator documentation
Reference : “ Optimizing Compilers for Modern Architectures : A Dependence - Based Approach ” , Allen and Kennedy , 2002 , Ch. 2 .
Lecture 6 : Memory Hierarchy Optimization I , Data Placement ( pdf ) ( ppt ) ( mp3 )
Complex memory hierarchy : global memory , shared memory , constant memory and constant cache
Optimizations for managing limited storage : tiling , unroll - and - jam , register assignment
Guiding locality optimizations : reuse analysis
Reading : GPU Gems 2 , Ch. 32
Lecture 7 : Memory Hierarchy Optimization II , Reuse , Tiling , Unroll - and - Jam ( pdf ) ( ppt ) ( mp3 )
Optimizations for managing limited storage : tiling , unroll - and - jam , register assignment
Guiding locality optimizations : reuse analysis
GPU matrix multiply ( compile using : nvcc - I/ Developer / common/inc -L/Developer / CUDA/lib mmul.cu - lcutil )
Reading : GPU Gems 2 , Ch. 32
Guest Lecture : MPM Application ( ppt ) ( pdf )
Lecture 8 : Memory Hierarchy : Maximizing memory bandwidth ( ppt ) ( pdf ) ( mp3 )
Global memory coalescing and alignment
Memory bank conflicts
Reading : GPU Gems 2 , Ch.32 and 34
Lecture 9 : Control Flow ( ppt ) ( pdf ) ( mp3 )
SIMD Execution Model and Control Flow
Avoiding control flow
Warp organization and interaction with control flow
Reading : GPU Gems 2 , Ch.32 and 34
Lecture 10 : Floating Point and Project ( ppt ) ( pdf ) ( mp3 )
Accuracy
Performance
Project discussion
Lecture 11 : Tools ( ppt ) ( pdf ) ( mp3 )
Occupancy Calculator
Performance Feedback
Lecture 12 : Introduction to OpenCL ( mp3 )
Lecture 13 : Midterm Review ( ppt ) ( pdf ) ( mp3 )
Lecture 14 : Design Review , Performance Cliffs and Optimization Benefits ( ppt ) ( pdf ) ( mp3 )
Lecture 15 : CUBLAS Paper Discussion ( ppt ) ( pdf )
Lecture 16 : Design Review Feedback , Performance Cliffs and Optimization Benefits ( ppt ) ( pdf )
Lecture 17 : Lessons from Particle Systems ( ppt ) ( pdf ) ( mp3 )
Lecture 18 : Global Synchronization ( ppt ) ( pdf ) ( mp3 )
Lecture 19 : Dynamic Task Queues ( ppt ) ( pdf ) ( mp3 )
Week 15 : Project Presentations
Appendix A : Sample Assignments
Project 1 — Embarassingly Parallel Example ( Week 2 - 4 )
Develop a simple parallel code in CUDA , such as a search for a particular numerical pattern in a large data set .
Report the speedup obtained across different numbers of threads and thread blocks .
Project 2 — Performance Tuning ( Week 5 - 7 )
Develop a parallel matrix implementation in CUDA ( e.g. , linear algebra or transitive closure ) and simultaneously tune memory hierarchy and parallel performance .
Report the results of the following measurements : ( i ) flop ( floating - point operations per second ) performance of the program across a set of data sizes and number of processors ; ( ii ) description of code transformations needed to improve performance ; ( iii ) results of performance monitoring measurements for each version of the code .
Project 3 — Application Programming Project ( Week 9 - 13 )
Apply the techniques from the previous projects to develop a full application in CUDA .
These projects will be completed in groups of 2 or 3 students , and will include a design review , project presentation and implementation .
Homework 1 – Parallelism , Race Conditions and Storage Management ( Week 1 - 2 )
Identify the parallelization opportunities in example code fragments .
Identify race conditions in example code fragments .
Show how to express parallelism and data movement in example code fragments .
Homework 2 – Parallel Algorithms ( Week 4 )
Develop a parallel algorithm for a dense matrix computation , related to the upcoming programming assignment .
WASHINGTON , March 9 / PRNewswire -USNewswire / -- Speaker Nancy Pelosi delivered a speech this morning at the 2010 Legislative Conference for the National Association of Counties ( NACo ) .
This year marks the 75th anniversary of the organization .
Below are the Speaker 's remarks :
" Thank you , President Valerie Brown [ of Sonoma County , Calif . ]
Do n't we all take pride in Valerie Brown recently being named County Official of the Year for her advocacy on behalf of all of America 's counties ?
Thank you , Valerie .
Her wealth of experience – as a mayor , a state legislator , and an educator and a county executive - makes her an innovative and effective leader for the future .
At this time of great challenges , her understanding of the different needs of NACo 's diverse counties is essential .
" I understand many other county officials are here from California .
Any Californians to be heard from here ?
Thank you for coming the distance to Washington and for going the distance for our constituents .
And I want to acknowledge all of you who are here .
" I had the privilege last year to acknowledge the work of the Executive Committee of NACo by welcoming them to the Speaker 's office in the Capitol .
This year , I have the even greater privilege to come to you to speak to all of the members of NACo .
" On the 75th anniversary of the National Association of Counties , your leadership is more vital and more necessary than ever .
You know that .
I just want you to know that we in Congress do too .
" The diversity of America 's counties represents the diversity of America .
And yet , you share common responsibilities , whatever the diversity .
America 's counties are leading on the issues most important to Americans : the education of our children , the health of their families , and the security of our communities .
" Your common responsibilities bring you to Washington with a common cause : to strengthen the partnership between America 's counties and the federal government .
It is in that spirit that I have come here today .
It 's in that spirit that we will work together to , as your theme says , to ' find solutions in tough times . '
" I noticed as I was reading your program , it is pretty intense what you have been through this weekend and the beginning of this week , that you have one workshop that was ' Influencing Congress from Home ' -- the cyber influence , very , very important but let me say how important your presence here in Washington is , too .
It is very important you have come to all the distance , all the diversity , to make your cumulative impact on the Congress .
Please do n't underestimate how important your visit is to us .
" I know that you sometimes have felt that your partnership with Washington has not been a balanced one -- that burdens have been put on you that you simply cannot fulfill .
These difficult economic times have made your challenges even greater .
We all know that .
" Together , here in this room , we have the opportunity to ensure that the partnership between America 's counties and the federal government is strong , productive , and balanced .
" Just a little more than a year ago , our President Barack Obama stood on the steps of the Capitol , just a little more than a year ago and called for swift , bold action now to restore our economic growth .
In his budget , he set out a blueprint founded on three pillars for our prosperity : a highly - educated workforce , the future , a clean energy economy , good - paying jobs , and quality , affordable health care for all Americans .
And he saw these critical building blocks as engines of job creation and economic growth .
" Answering that call , and responding to the needs of America 's counties , we passed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , creating and saving up to 2 million jobs so far , and more to come .
" You know best what the Recovery Act means to American 's counties .
I have traveled the country , visited many counties to dedicate , groundbreak , observe funding coming into counties , tens of millions of dollars in some counties , over $ 100 million in some counties , hundreds of millions of dollars .
For the Port of Houston , for a highway in Colorado , whether it is keeping teachers on the job , cops on the street , we believe that the Recovery Act was essential to keep us from an even worse recession .
But in fact , it has created or saved 2 million jobs .
" Of particular interest to America 's counties – we increased FMAP , providing immediate relief to counties in the 27 states that contribute to Medicaid , and shored up the safety net for families in difficult times .
We provided $ 624 million for counties in Energy Efficiency Conservation Block Grants -- and I know that is important to many of you , you have told me -- to promote energy efficiency and conservation while creating jobs and lowering energy costs .
I am committed to ensuring that this initiative is strong and ongoing .
We have $ 178 million in Community Development Block Grants that helped you to expand community services , and modernize housing and wastewater systems .
Transportation investments and broadband access that have strengthened business opportunities close to home .
" You 've seen the results , many of you , you have told me about them and again , as I say , you have told me on the site right in your own counties .
But I want to just tell you , give you a perspective from here as to what the difference the Recovery Act has made nationally to our economy .
Consider this :
" In the last quarter of the Bush Administration , what was reported in the first quarter of last year , America 's GDP , the rate of growth of GDP was a minus 6.4 percent .
Minus 6.4 percent .
In the equivalent quarter of the Obama Administration one year later , it is at plus 5.9 percent .
A swing of over 12 percent in the GDP .
This is the fastest rate that we have seen in a long time .
" When we were debating the recovery bill a year ago , a year and a month ago , the stock market was about 6,500 .
Yesterday it closed 10,500 -- a swing of 4,000 points .
" Just last week , we learned that America 's manufacturing base grew for the seventh straight month -- and is now at its second highest level in years .
" And think of this – jobs .
In the first three months of 2009 , but let me just state one month so that we can compare them .
In January of 2009 , the last month of the Bush Administration before we passed the Recovery Act , 779,000 Americans lost their jobs .
779,000 for January of 2009 .
This January 2010 , 20,000 Americans lost their jobs -- far too many , we want to move to the plus side of course -- but a difference of over three quarters of a million people in just that one month .
Thank you , American Reinvestment and Recovery Act .
" But our work is far from complete .
We know that .
Congress will stay focused on our top priority : putting Americans to work .
And I said putting Americans to work , I did n't say putting Americans back to work .
Because we have far too people who will have no job , never had a job that they would go back too .
" So we must invest in training , apprenticeships , and vocational education for the chronically unemployed so we put all of America back to work -- some back to work , some newly to work .
I think you see this in your counties where we have some young people who have not had the opportunity that America must afford them so that as our economy grows with training and vocational training that many more people will participate in the economic prosperity that we see for our country .
" Just last week , we passed the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act , that 's HIRE -- Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act , we write these acronyms -- another step forward in our fight to put more Americans back to work .
" With $ 15 billion in critical investments , this bill includes : extension of the Highway Trust Fund .
And though the investment is $ 15 billion and that is paid for , it will unleash tens of billions of dollars in infrastructure investment in your communities .
And for small business , we can never do enough and more needs to be done but in this particular bill : a payroll tax holiday for businesses that hire unemployed workers , to create some 300,000 jobs and an income tax credit of $ 1,000 for businesses that retain these employees .
It 's very specific and targeted .
And then we have specific support to small businesses with tax credits and accelerated write - offs .
" This bill is one key element , just one step of our broader agenda to expand lending to small businesses , build the infrastructure of the future , support job training , keep police , firefighters , and teachers on the job .
" Tomorrow , Congressman George Miller will introduce his local jobs bill , which allows for county governments and municipalities to retain workers .
I think Valerie had a hand in this .
I know he is grateful to the input of NACo in crafting this significant legislation .
We believe at this time that nothing is more critical to the long - term economic security of American families and to our economy than comprehensive health care reform , health insurance reform .
" As you are in Washington this week , we stand at the doorstep of history , ready to realize a centuries old dream , started by a Republican President , Teddy Roosevelt .
He was the one who started this country thinking in this direction , and we are deeply in his dept .
But , we are a hundred years late .
A century old dream of health care for all , and we will be prepared to send the bill to President Obama 's desk that ensures affordability for the middle class , accountability for the insurance companies , and access for millions more Americans , tens of millions more .
" Nobody knows better than you the strain on hospitals that never turned a patient away , and health care providers grappling with the challenges of the uninsured and shrinking reimbursement .
You know as well as anyone , that our current system is unsustainable .
It 's unsustainable to individuals and their families .
It 's unsustainable for small businesses .
It 's unsustainable for your communities .
It 's unsustainable for our state , local , and national budgets .
" President Obama said , one year ago , when he called the first bipartisan , on March 5th of last year , the first bipartisan House and Senate meeting together with many outside stakeholders together at the White House , to find a way for us to come together .
And at that time , he said : ' Health care reform is entitlement reform . '
We cannot sustain the upward spiral of the increases in health care and what that means in Medicare and what it means in Medicaid .
So from the standpoint of our national budget , and for your budgets , the current system , as I said , is unsustainable .
" Again , it 's unaffordable for families , individuals and families , for businesses of any size , and it is a cost to our economy .
Imagine an economy where people could follow their aspirations , where they could be entrepreneurial , where they could take risks professionally because personally their families health care needs are being met .
Where they could be self - employed or start a business , not be job - locked in a job because they have health care there , and if they went out on their own it would be unaffordable to them , but especially true , if someone has a child with a pre-existing condition .
So when we pass our bill , never again will people be denied coverage because they have a pre-existing condition .
" We have to do this in partnership , and I wanted to bring up to date on where we see it from here .
The final health care legislation that will soon be passed by Congress will deliver successful reform at the local level .
It will offer paid for investments that will improve health care services and coverage for millions more Americans .
It will make significant investments in innovation , prevention , wellness and offer robust support for public health infrastructure .
It will dramatically expand investments into community health centers .
That means a dramatic expansion in the number of patients community health centers can see and ultimately healthier communities .
Our bill will significantly reduce uncompensated care for hospitals .
" You 've heard about the controversies within the bill , the process about the bill , one or the other .
But I do n't know if you have heard that it is legislation for the future , not just about health care for America , but about a healthier America , where preventive care is not something that you have to pay a deductible for or out of pocket .
Prevention , prevention , prevention -- it 's about diet , not diabetes .
It 's going to be very , very exciting .
" But we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it , away from the fog of the controversy .
Furthermore , we believe that health care reform , again I said at the beginning of my remarks , that we sent the three pillars that the President 's economic stabilization and job creation initiatives were education and innovation -- innovation begins in the classroom -- clean energy and climate , addressing the climate issues in an innovative way to keep us number one and competitive in the world with the new technology , and the third , first among equals I may say , is health care , health insurance reform .
Health insurance reform is about jobs .
This legislation alone will create 4 million jobs , about 400,000 jobs very soon .
" We must have the courage , though , to get the job done .
We have the ideas .
We have the commitment .
We have the dedication .
We know the urgency .
Now we have to have the courage to get the job done .
So proud that President Obama is taking the message so forcefully to the American people !
This is long overdue , a hundred years .
" The challenges we face , the health , the education , the education of our children , the economic well - being of their families , the safety of neighborhoods , all of this , all roads lead to you .
The challenges we all face are too great though for each of us to face them alone .
We need to form the partnerships , strengthen partnerships at every level of government and with committed and compassionate leaders to understand that the need to focus on the next generation , we need to focus on the next generation , not the next election .
" With that in mind and with great enthusiasm and a sense of history that we have of this responsibility to ensure that health care in America is a right not a privilege ; let us move forward in the spirit of restoring and strengthening our partnership , and finding solutions in difficult times .
In so doing , we will realize the dream of a brighter future .
Thank you for all that you do to make that so .
" Thank you NACo , for the opportunity to be with you .
On behalf of my colleagues in the Congress , I welcome you to Washington , D.C. I hope we will see you on Capitol Hill .
We want your advocacy either here or from home .
" Thank you , Valerie Brown , for the invitation to be here .
Thank you all . "
SOURCE Office of the Speaker of the House
A remarkably important event has just occurred in the world of psychology : A leading , peer - reviewed journal has published the strongest evidence yet that psychodynamic psychotherapy -- “ talk therapy ” -- works .
In fact , it not only works , it keeps working long after the sessions stop .
Full disclosure :
We report this not as disinterested observers , but as psychotherapists and researchers on the process and efficacy of therapy .
Our book , “ Handbook of Evidence - Based Psychodynamic Psychotherapy , ” summarized the body of research through last year and another will follow late this year .
Still , we can state as fact :
The movement to establish an evidence base for psychodynamic therapy has taken a giant new step forward .
This new academic paper reports positive findings about the form of therapy that began with Sigmund Freud and has historically been utilized more than any other psychotherapy treatment .
What does modern psychodynamic psychotherapy look like ?
Its distinctive features include several basic building blocks : A focus on emotion and relationships ; identification of recurring themes and patterns ; discussion of past experiences ; a focus on the therapy relationship ; exploration of attempts to avoid distressing thoughts and feelings ; and exploration of fantasy life .
Overall , the paper found , psychodynamic psychotherapy demonstrates efficacy at least equivalent to other psychotherapy treatments commonly labeled as “ empirically supported ” and “ evidence based . ”
And in fact , it notes , psychodynamic therapy 's " active ingredients " are shared by many other forms of therapy as well .
The paper heralds a turnaround thirty years in the making : Practitioners of psychoanalysis and psychodynamic psychotherapy were notoriously late to the research enterprise .
Through the late 20th century , they eschewed the need to enter the rigorous academic world of process and outcome research , claiming that gathering observable data from psychotherapy sessions could not apprehend the essence of treatment that is based on unconscious meaning .
That stance made it ever harder for psychodynamic psychotherapists to convince insurance companies to pay for their services , especially long - term treatments .
It also made psychodynamic psychotherapy look somewhat backward compared to schools of therapy that actively did gather efficacy data , such as cognitive - behavioral therapy , a treatment which focuses on patients ' irrational beliefs .
In recent years , however , for reasons of self - interest and consumer interest , those attitudes have changed , and psychodynamic clinicians and researchers have engaged in research with growing force .
They are measuring treatment variables such as empathy and the therapeutic alliance , the compact between patient and therapist about goals and methods of the therapy .
They are also studying physiological markers such as galvanic skin response : they measure skin conductance on the patient and the therapist during sessions , and the greater the concordance between the two , the higher the level of empathy .
Additionally , research from neuroscience is beginning to offer implicit support to the mechanisms of action of psychodynamic psychotherapy .
Initial findings , for example , suggest that as patients learn to regulate their emotions , that change is reflected in the prefrontal cortex , the seat of executive function .
The new paper by Jonathan Shedler , an associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Colorado School of Medicine , appeared in the journal American Psychologist .
It carefully analyzes the results of randomly controlled trials -- the gold - standard for scientific studies -- of psychodynamic psychotherapy treatments for a wide range of psychological disorders .
Shedler ’s paper aggregates these studies and presents the encouraging results .
He analyzed multiple studies conducted around the world by clustering them into single , larger studies ( meta- analyses ) .
And perhaps his most important finding , concluded from five different meta- analyses that he created , is that positive change and patient growth continue to develop beyond therapy termination , as measured in follow - up assessments conducted as long as three years post - treatment .
This finding suggests that psychodynamic psychotherapy provides patients with the tools to continue to function better in the world , feel better about themselves , reduce psychiatric symptoms and face life ’s challenges with greater flexibility and freedom well beyond the end of their sessions .
Shedler explains that the scope of psychodynamic psychotherapy includes the reduction of psychiatric symptoms but is more ambitious in that it hopes to foster the positive presence of psychological capacities and resources .
Improving self - esteem , changing distorted views of self and others and helping patients to find greater satisfaction in relationships while mastering life ’s many challenges are often goals of the therapy , mutually determined by patient and therapist .
The second section of the paper delivers the strongest message for both the general public and the larger world of psychiatric care .
Shedler ’s analyses demonstrate very strong effects for psychodynamic psychotherapy .
As he says , “ Randomized controlled trials support the efficacy of psychodynamic psychotherapy for depression , anxiety , panic disorder ... eating disorders , substance disorders and personality disorders . ”
Shedler ’s findings withstood unusually rigorous demands of journal reviewers , over a full year , who required three revisions and re-submissions before publication .
The third section of Shedler ’s paper describes studies that suggest that many forms of therapy share common “ active ingredients ” that traditionally characterize psychodynamic psychotherapy .
And that may partly explain the positive outcomes they achieve .
There may even be active ingredients -- such as empathic listening , establishing a therapeutic alliance , setting treatment goals and the patient ’s hopes and expectations -- that are common to all psychotherapy approaches .
For example , perhaps the distinctions between an emphasis on cognition , as in cognitive - behavioral therapy , and an emphasis on emotions , as in psychodynamic psychotherapy , are not as critical as theory dictates .
Shedler ’s findings are not without detractors , however , and he too describes the limitations of his work .
He calls for more research on psychodynamic psychotherapy , explaining that , despite the strength of his current findings , there are not yet an adequate number of studies .
And he points out that many of the studies he analyzed are treatments for a range of conditions rather than for specific psychiatric disorders .
Other treatments , cognitive - behavioral therapy in particular , have conducted studies for specific disorders -- which allows for a sharper focus on whether the specifics of a treatment are effective for a given disorder .
Work to correct that deficit is under way : since 2005 , an increasing number of studies have looked at psychodynamic psychotherapy treatments for specific disorders .
Other criticisms have appeared , mostly from researchers in cognitive - behavioral approaches to treatment .
The criticism tends to mirror Shedler ’s statements of the limitations of his conclusions but takes them to an extreme .
For example , some critics dismiss the value of the research entirely because the efficacy studies are for mixed disorders rather than for a specific disorder .
This paper is born into a psychological world that has seen rancorous disputes , often seeming to be guild - based rather than scientifically based .
The adherents of cognitive - behavioral therapy understandably resented the arrogance of the psychodynamic practitioners who refused to submit their treatments to research initiatives .
Now that psychodynamic psychotherapists have a sense of urgency to provide an evidence base , some cognitive - behavioral researchers can’t find room to consider them scientists .
Some even want only their treatments to be considered evidence - based , despite the growing evidence base on psychodynamic psychotherapy , and ask that training programs in psychology teach only their treatment approaches while accusing other psychologists of not being interested in science .
We would counter that psychodynamic psychotherapy has evolved .
There is a freshness to its modern forms , which include an emphasis on the healing power of the relationship in addition to Freud 's emphasis on making the unconscious conscious .
It 's not an outdated relic or a spiritual exercise .
As accumulating research confirms , it provides lasting benefits in people 's lives and is worth the energy and expense .
To those who dismiss it as outmoded we would say :
You might want to try it again for the first time .
NEW ORLEANS  Federal officials charged four men on Tuesday with plotting to tamper with the telephone system in the New Orleans office of Senator Mary Landrieu , Democrat of Louisiana .
One of the men was a conservative activist who gained fame last year by secretly recording members of the community group Acorn giving him advice on how to set up a brothel .
All four of the men arrested Monday in New Orleans , each in his mid-20s , were charged with entering federal property under false pretenses with the intent of committing a felony , according to the United States Attorney ’s Office for the Eastern District of Louisiana .
They appeared in court on Tuesday , and a preliminary hearing was scheduled for Feb. 12 .
If convicted , the four would face sentences ranging from a fine to 10 years in prison .
The political activist was James O’Keefe , 25 , who has gained renown in conservative circles by poking fun at the left through pranks and undercover video .
In the Acorn videos , Mr. O’Keefe and an associate , Hannah Giles , posing as a pimp and a prostitute , secretly filmed themselves seeking and receiving financial advice for a brothel from Acorn workers .
The film damaged Acorn ’s reputation , and prompted a move by Congress to cut off some of its federal money .
The group has sued Mr. O’Keefe and Ms. Giles , saying the secret recordings were illegal , and late Tuesday , Acorn ’s chief executive , Bertha Lewis , said the arrest was further evidence of Mr. O’Keefe ’s “ disregard for the law in pursuit of his extremist agenda . ”
Our Fellowship is a dynamic , collaborative , and supportive community that aims to influence all photographers and users of imagery to adopt
with regards to the creation and use of visual media .
Surely by now you 've heard about the high school student suing Philadelphia 's Lower Merion School District for remotely accessing his webcam .
And maybe you read the Superintendent 's response and thought , " well , maybe this whole business is getting blown out of proportion . "
It is n't .
Advertisement
According to a Washington
Post report from early this morning , the school district has admitted to remotely activating its laptops ' webcams forty - two times over the last 2 years .
Now the FBI is involved , determining if the school district violated any wiretapping or computer - privacy laws in the process .
The school district maintains that the webcams were only accessed in efforts to retrieve stolen or lost laptops , but this whole mess stems from the punishment of a student in which a webcam shot , snapped while the student was in his home , was cited as evidence of wrongdoing .
The extent to which the school abused its ability to access the webcams is n't quite clear at this point , but the original incident makes the school 's defense about using them strictly as a security measure pretty hard to believe .
[ Washington Post ]
There are four unique types of oil change services available at Walmart Auto Care Center ’s .
Their services are available nation wide and prices range from $ 19.88 to $ 49.88 as of 2019 .
Things to know
All services receive 5 quarts of their featured oil .
However , any amount over will be an additional cost .
All services includes a “ Lube Service “ except Pit Crew .
This service is a diagnostic , visual check and cleaning .
Pit Crew .
This service is a diagnostic , visual check and cleaning .
All services include a free oil filter .
Oil Services
The 4 available services :
Pit Crew Oil Change :
The featured oil is Quaker State® Advanced Durability ™ conventional motor oil ( 5W - 20 , 5W - 30 or 10 W - 30 ) .
Each link of the available oil grades goes into detail about performance , features , benefits and recommendations .
The price is $ 19.88
Note : Lube Service is not included .
Standard Oil Change :
The featured oil is not listed but a conventional oil will be available .
At this tier and above , Lube services section are included at no additional cost .
The price is $ 29.88
High Mileage Oil Change :
The featured oil available is High Mileage or Semi-Synthetic oil .
For vehicles with odometers greater than 75,000 miles the High Mileage oils are recommended .
As another option GM Dexos compliant Semi-Synthetics are available .
The price is $ 39.88
Power & Performance : The featured oil is Full Synthetic motor oil .
This package is recommend for new vehicles .
The price is $ 49.88
Lube Service :
The lube service seems too good to be true because , transmission fluid and differential fluid is expensive and can cost over $ 80 .
Which is why I ’m suspicious of this included service .
Cleaning
Vacuum interior
Wash exterior windshield
Top off
transmission fluid
washer fluid
steering fluid
differential fluid
Diagnostics Check battery performance
Visual inspection
wiper blades
adjust tire pressure
headlines
signal , brake and taillights
air filter
Oil Change Prices :
Oil change prices constantly fluctuate because of increasing cost of overhead , location , and inflation .
According to Walmart ’s Tire and Lube auto service center the latest prices are :
SERVICE PRICE
Pit Crew oil change $ 19.88 Standard oil change $ 29.88 High Mileage oil change $ 39.88 Power & Performance oil change $ 49.88
The choice of which Walmart Oil Change service is right or best for you depends mainly on the age or mileage of your vehicle .
Changing your oil regularly and using the correct type of grade of oil will extend the life of your engine , by reducing wear on moving parts and protecting seals and gaskets from degrading .
These parts naturally degrade over time causing oil to ooze through .
This is why you see oil stains in your parking spot .
But the type of oil will help extend the lifespan of these parts .
For instance high - mileage has seals conditioners that protect the shape and size of seals that prevents leakage .
It ’s not necessary to get high mileage oil change if your engine is not leaking or burning oil .
However , it may be advisable no matter what , if your car mileage has attained 100,000 miles .
As a recommendation , if you are seeing leaks , changing to a thicker ( higher viscosity ) oil like 10 W - 30 instead of 5W - 20 , or using oil additives can stop oil leaks .
However , the drawback of thicker oil is reduced circulation and increased pressure .
OIL GRADE COMPARISON
Do n’t select any type of grade of oil .
There are many components of consider such as vehicle ’s age , miles , current engine condition , and climate .
Use these articles for a detailed comparisons of viscosity , cost , and climate to select the correct one .
WHAT DOES HIGH MILEAGE OIL DO ?
High mileage oils are specific types of oil specially formulated for vehicles and trucks which has run a total distance of over 75,000 miles .
As the vehicle gets older and increases its use on the road , most of the gaskets and seals are more likely to dry off leading to the increase of oil deposits in the engines , which cuts short the lifespan of your car .
Drivers tend to keep their cars on the road for longer periods , and these vehicles tend to need good maintenance and care to function properly .
High mileage oils are more preferred than regular oil because the high mileage oils are synthesized and better prepared to protect the vehicle from wear and tear , bad weather and bad road conditions .
High mileage oil helps your car to run faster , better and for longer .
For older engines , whether you notice a change in the engine sound or an oil leak , it is advisable to switch your engine oil and lubricants to high mileage oils because they are formulated to include certain additives that promote better lubrication and protection of engine seals .
The ingredients used in formulating high mileage oil is essential to take care of your engines , especially the older engines .
Most of the High Mileage oils also contain a powdered substance called Copper - Silver - Lead .
It helps to fill in the pits in valve stems which allow oil to enter the combustion chamber .
Also , High Mileage oils make your engine very durable by introducing a viscosity modifier to help your engine have less viscosity while riding .
Those cars which have a mileage of over 75000 miles are highly recommended to switch to high mileage to elongate their engine lifespan .
HOW IT WORKS
Conventional oils are those types of oils which are formed from the mineral residue and the extraction of crude oil from the earth .
High mileage oils are also made up of the extraction of crude oil , but it is very refined , processed and free from various impurities .
High mileage oil contains detergents and antioxidants and has a very high viscosity content which helps to clean your engine and prevent leaking seals .
ADVANTAGES OF HIGH MILEAGE OIL OVER REGULAR OIL
High Mileage
Oil possess more additives than regular oil
A High mileage oil is said to possess more additives such as seal containers and certain detergents which help to give the engine a total overhauling and make the engine last longer , unlike regular oil .
Regular oil only contains fewer additives that only helps the engine to run faster but does not generally help to maintain and to promote the life of your high mileage vehicle .
It enhances your fuel efficiency
A High Mileage oil makes the vehicle to be more fuel efficient because the wear of the engine components that make the performance of the engine to drag causing increased fuel consumption gets handled .
Making the consumption rate of the fuel contained those older vehicles to be greatly reduced , and enabling the car to be durable and reliable on the road .
It generally reduces wear and tear
Because of the various kinds of additives the mileage oil contains , it tends to generally reduce wear and tear on older engines thereby making old engines last longer and be stronger .
The intrinsic blends of conditioning agents and high viscous content enable the oil to pass through certain areas in the engine and lubricate them effectively for increased durability .
A
High mileage oil is the main source of the longevity of any old engine .
It reduces leaks
Leaks left unattended to can cause a lot of degrading to the engine of your vehicle and can generally become an environmental hazard to the environment .
Engine leaks are a fire risk to your engine and can cause very serious damage to your engines if not properly maintained .
A High Mileage oil contains certain additives which can help you to reduce oil leaks in your engine .
It breaks down oil sludge build up left by other lubricants .
Oil sludge is caused due to the solidifying of engine oil and lubricants in the vehicle engine which can lead to combustion problems and also fire outbreak which can cause the engine to damage .
Oil sludge can be very bad for the overall lifespan of the vehicle , and it is caused by the constant negligence of oil change in your vehicle or constantly moving your vehicle on a very low oil level .
It makes the vehicle more stable
A High Mileage oil also contributes to increasing the stability of your vehicle on the road .
Making your vehicle stable is essential as a driver is highly essential to avoid engine damage and a very high possibility of fire outbreak .
High mileage oil is very immune to loss of viscosity , and it ’s capable of serving longer than regular oil .
Temperature stability
Regular motor oil has a very high tendency to thin out during high temperature and congeal in cold temperature thereby causing a very high risk to the vehicle protection .
That ’s why most regular motor oil manufacturers make use of viscosity index improvers .
High Mileage
Oil is formulated to deal with these issues by having a very constant viscosity across all temperatures .
A good High mileage oil does not need viscosity index improvers .
SIGNS THAT YOU NEED HIGH MILEAGE OIL
The High mileage oil is a highly essential ingredient for your vehicle , and as a driver , you can observe the signs and symptoms at certain points in your car lifespan .
Here are a few signs that you need a High mileage oil .
Blue and unclear smoke :
Engine wear and tear
As a driver , the more your engine builds up miles , the more additives it demands to keep the car at optimum condition .
A time will come in your car when normal standard engines will not be able to do the trick any longer .
Engines that require high mileage oil are those that are already showing signs of wear and tear .
In the case where your engine has more than 75,000 miles already , and you have n’t started using High Mileage Oil , there ’s a high chance that there is a significant case of wear in the engine .
High mileage oil can enable you to reduce such wear , so we recommend you to try it if you have n’t tried using it before .
DOWNSIDES OF HIGH MILEAGE OIL
In dealing with High Mileage Oil , the pros of this oil greatly outweighs the cons in this particular case .
The only downside of High Mileage Oil is it costs more than standard lubricant oil , but for the fact that your vehicle has a high gas mileage of over 75000 miles and has exceeded its warranty , the High Mileage will benefit you more than the expense .
CONCLUSION
Your car has passed a certain period of warranty given by the manufacturer does n’t mean that you must automatically change to high - mileage oil .
In cases where there are no signs of oil leaks or escape of blue and unclear smoke from the exhaust pipes , there is no need to purchase High mileage oil , but it is highly recommended that you do to improve your driving and overall car experience .
OIL GRADE COMPARISON
Do n’t select any type of grade of oil .
There are many components of consider such as vehicle ’s age , miles , current engine condition , and climate .
Use these articles for a detailed comparisons of viscosity , cost , and climate to select the correct one .
Amir and his mother just hours before he was abducted by Israeli soldiers .
( Nora Barrows - Friedman )
Hours after our interview , at 2 am , Israeli soldiers would break into the house , snatch Amir from his bed , threaten his parents with death by gunfire if they tried to protect him , and take him downstairs under the stairwell .
They would beat him so badly that he would bleed internally into his abdomen , necessitating overnight hospitalization .
In complete shock and distress , Amir would not open his mouth to speak for another day and a half .
In our interview that afternoon before the brutal assault , Amir said that on the 28th , he was playing in the street near the Ibrahimi Mosque , on his way with Hasan to see their aunt .
“ Two of the soldiers stopped us and handcuffed us , ” Amir said .
“ They brought us to two separate jeeps .
They took me to the settlement and put me in a corner .
I still had handcuffs on .
They put a dog next to me .
I said that I wanted to go home .
They said no , and told me I would stay here forever .
They refused to let me use the bathroom .
They would n’t let me call my mother .
They blindfolded me and I stayed there like that until my father was able to come and get me late at night . ”
Amir ’s detention inside the settlement lasted nearly ten hours .
“ The only thing that I thought about was how afraid I was , especially with the dog beside me .
I wanted to run away and go back to my house , ” he said .
Amir and Hasan ’s mother , Mukarrem , told me that Amir immediately displayed signs of trauma when he returned home .
“ He was trying to tell me a joke , and trying to laugh .
But it was not normal laughter .
He was happy and terrified at the same time , ” she said .
“ He wet himself at some point during the detention .
He was extremely afraid . ”
Amir revealed that he had n’t been able to sleep in the nights following his detention , worried sick about his brother in jail and extremely afraid that the soldiers would come back ( which , eventually , they did ) .
Today , approximately 350 children are languishing inside Israeli prisons and detention camps , enduring interrogation , torture and indefinite sentences , sometimes without charge .
The number fluctuates constantly , but thousands of Palestinian children between the ages of 12 and 16 have moved through the Israeli military judicial system over the past decade since the outbreak of the second Palestinian intifada .
Israel designates 18 as the age of adulthood for its own citizens , but through a military order , and against international law , Israel mandates 16 as the age of adulthood for Palestinians .
Additionally , Israel has special military orders ( # 1644 and # 132 ) to be able to arrest and judge Palestinian children — termed “ juvenile delinquents ” — as young as 12 years old .
“ This way , they have a ‘ legal ’ cover for what they are doing , even though this is against international laws , ” said Abed Jamal , a researcher at Defence for Children International - Palestine Section ’s ( DCI - PS ) Hebron office .
“ However , in Amir ’s case , they broke even their own laws by arresting and detaining him as a ten - year - old boy .
These laws are obviously changeable according to Israel ’s whim .
We have yet to see a prosecution for crimes such as these . ”
I asked Amir and Hasan ’s father , Fadel , to describe how one is able to parent effectively under this kind of constant siege .
“ It ’s not safe for the children to go outside because we ’ve faced constant attacks by the settlers and the soldiers , ” he explained .
“ This by itself is unimaginable for us .
And now , we have one son in jail and another traumatized … they ’re so young . ”
On Sunday , 7 March , exactly a week after Hasan ’s arrest and Amir ’s detention , the family and members of the local media made an early - morning journey to Ofer prison where Hasan had been held since his initial arrest .
After a lengthy process in which the Israeli military judge admitted that the boy was too young to stay in prison , Hasan was released on the condition that he would come back to the court to finish the trial at a later date .
This trial followed the initial hearing last Wednesday at Ofer , where Maan News Agency reported that the judge insisted that Fadel pay the court 2,000 shekels ( $ 530 ) for Hasan ’s bail .
According to Maan , Fadel then publicly asked the court , “ What law allows a child to be tried in court and then asks his father to pay a fine ?
I will not pay the fine , and you have to release my child …
This is the law of Israel ’s occupation . ”
Consumed by their sons ’ situations , Mukarrem and Fadel say they are trying to do the best for their family under attack .
“ What can we do ? ” asked Fadel .
“ We lock the doors .
We lock the windows .
We have nothing with which to protect our family and our neighbors from the soldiers or the settlers .
If a Palestinian kidnapped and beat and jailed an Israeli child , the whole world would be up in arms about it .
It would be all over the media .
But the Israelis , they come into our communities with jeeps and tanks and bulldozers , they take our children and throw them into prison , and no one cares . ”
DCI - PS ’s Jamal reiterates the point that international laws made to protect children under military occupation have been ignored by Israel since the occupation began in 1967 .
“ Most of the time , we try to do our best to use the law , the Geneva Conventions , the UN Convention for the Rights of the Child as weapons against this brutality , ” said Jamal .
“ All of these laws exist , but Israel uses their own military laws as excuses to defy international law .
As Palestinians , we have to work together to create solidarity against this brutality .
Through our work , we try to tell the international community what ’s going on with Palestinian children to create a wide berth of support against this situation .
We believe that the only way this will stop is through the support of the international community . ”
Amir slowly began speaking again 36 hours after the beating by Israeli soldiers .
Zahira Meshaal , a Bethlehem - based social worker specializing in the effects of trauma in children , said that Amir ’s “ elective mutism , ” a symptom of extreme psychological shock caused by his beating and detention , is a common response , but that it is a good sign that he began talking again .
“ This is a reaction of fear on many levels .
Amir ’s house and his family are his only source of security , ” said Meshaal .
“ This was taken away from him the moment the soldiers invaded his home .
It ’s easy to attend to the immediate trauma , but the long - term effects will undoubtedly be difficult to address .
He ’ll need a lot of mental health services from now on . ”
Meshaal comments on the nature of this attack in the context of the unraveling situation inside Hebron .
“ We are talking about a place that is on the front lines of trauma , ” she said .
“ This is an ongoing and growing injury to the entire community .
Parents have to be a center of security for their children , but that ’s being taken away from them .
Especially in Hebron , the Israeli settlers and soldiers know this , and use this tactic to force people to leave the area .
It ’s a war of psychology .
This is a deliberate act to make the children afraid and force people to leave so that their children can feel safer . ”
At the end of our interview last Thursday , Amir sent a message to American children .
“ We are kids , just like you .
We have the right to play , to move freely .
I want to tell the world that there are so many kids inside the Israeli jails .
We just want to have freedom of movement , the freedom to play . ”
Amir said that he wants to be a heart surgeon when he grows up .
His mother and father told me that they hope Amir ’s own heart — and theirs — heals from last week ’s repetitive and cumulative trauma at the hands of the interminable Israeli occupation .
Nora Barrows - Friedman is the co-host and Senior Producer of Flashpoints , a daily investigative newsmagazine on Pacifica Radio .
She is also a correspondent for Inter Press Service .
She regularly reports from Palestine , where she also runs media workshops for youth in the Dheisheh refugee camp in the occupied West Bank .
A confused stile , and a disturbed method , is fittest to discourse of our miserie .
BEIJING  A senior Chinese official said on Thursday that China would not bow to pressure from the United States to revalue its currency , which President Obama says is kept at an artificially low level to give China an unfair advantage in selling its exports .
The official , Ma Zhaoxu , a Foreign Ministry spokesman , said at a regular news conference here that “ wrongful accusations and pressure will not help solve this issue . ”
Mr. Ma was reacting to remarks on trade that Mr. Obama made on Wednesday when he met with Democratic senators in Washington .
Mr. Obama stopped short of saying China manipulates its currency , but his words on China ’s economic policies were harsh  the United States , he said , had “ to make sure our goods are not artificially inflated in price and their goods are not artificially deflated in price ; that puts us at a huge competitive disadvantage . ”
Economists agree with that assessment .
They say that the Chinese currency , the renminbi , is undervalued by 25 to 40 percent compared to the dollar and other currencies .
The gap is wider than at any time since July 2005 , when the Chinese government , under pressure from the Bush administration , decided to do away with the renminbi’s peg to the dollar and allow the currency to float in a narrow band against the dollar and other currencies .
“ Fuck Shit Stack ” the latest music video by the amazing Reggie Watts , directed by Duncan Skiles & Ben Dickinson of Waverly Films .
via Doc Pop
Dustin Browder , StarCraft II ’s lead designer , wants to go home .
He ’s a tired bunny .
He ’s been working on a game that ’s been in development since 2003 and finally , thankfully , the end is in sight : StarCraft II is gearing to launch in the first half of this year .
At least Dustin hopes so .
The developer was kind enough to break off a Hard difficulty play - through last night to give us 20 minutes of his time on the phone , and talked about the monster RTS ’s ongoing beta , what ’s going on with Battle .
net 2.0 , StarCraft II ’s day one patch and tons more .
Hit the link .
Interview by Patrick Garratt .
VG247 : Are you seeing any specific trends from the beta ?
Dustin Browder :
We ’re seeing all kinds of feedback .
Some of the feedback we ’re taking very seriously ; quite a lot of it , of course , we ’re not .
Players are still learning the game and they ’re going through a lot of the stages we went through in development , when we learned the game .
What we ’re definitely seeing right now is a general weakness in Terrans versus Protoss and Zerg , and this is from stats we have internally .
The most interesting thing to us at this stage of the beta is less of what people think is wrong than what we can actually prove is wrong .
Our internal stats show us that Terrans are down in 1v1 versus Protoss and Zerg , and our internal stats also show us that Terran - Terran teams are also taking a hit in almost every match - up .
This we believe to be largely because of map design .
The Terrans lack some of the mobility to come rescue their allies in the early game , and we do have fortress maps in the beta , but we have several maps that are n’t fortress - style maps .
This means the two players do n’t that close to one another , so a Terran - Terran match - up could get a little difficult if you ca n’t move quickly to support your allies .
Subscribe to the VG247 newsletter
Get all the best bits of VG247 delivered to your inbox every Friday !
Enable JavaScript to sign up to our newsletter
We ’re going to change the maps a little bit and see if we get different results , but the Terrans being down is something we ’ve started to address and we ’re going to continue to address in the coming weeks .
In terms of how the beta ’s going , what sort of affect is it having on a projected release date for the game ?
Dustin Browder :
So far , the beta numbers we ’ve been looking at have been very , very positive .
We ’re close to a 50 percent win ratio for almost every race .
What we ’re really doing right now is waiting to see , as the community learns more , to see if something changes in the meta - game that causes this not to be the case .
And , of course , we ’re still dealing with issues of unit diversity , particularly on the Zerg side .
But so far , no real damage from the beta per se .
Things seem to be going pretty well .
The beta ’s a huge deal for Battle . net 2.0 .
How ’s the infrastructure that you ’re allowing people to use coped with the stress so far ?
Dustin Browder :
We ’ve surviving the stress just fine .
We ’ve added a bunch of new keys this last week and we ’ve got our concurrency up much higher than it was before .
We ’re receiving a lot of feedback about usability which we ’re going to try to address in a content patch at some point during the beta , to get some more features and functionality out to the fans based on their experience .
Can you give us any detail on what ’s going to be included in that patch ?
Dustin Browder : I ’m not exactly sure .
Honestly , I ’d love to .
We ’re going to be doing a lot of bug - fixes and a lot of clean - up .
I know there ’s one issue that I find very frustrating , where I play a match and I want to know who I just beat or who I just lost to .
There ’s a way to do it right now , but you have to go through a complex series of steps : you have to make the guy your friend , then you have to drill into his page , then you have to go to his ladder page , and all this kind of stuff .
We ’re going to add some functionality that ’s going to make that super - simple to do .
There are also going to be some changes to how we do match - making .
I know this for sure .
But I ’m not exactly sure of everything that ’s going to happen .
We develop these features and some of them will make the content patch , and some of them will not .
I ’m not exactly sure what ’s going to be in the content patch and what ’s not at this point .
What level of concurrency to you want to get to before the end of the beta ?
Dustin Browder : I think we want to maintain about 10,000 .
It ’s sort of our goal , and we ’ve just about hit that at this point .
I can see we ’re at 9,000 - something right now , and 10,000 is the goal .
That makes our match - maker really happy , makes it really sing when we ’re about at those numbers .
If we get much higher than that we ’ll just leave it , and if we see concurrency fall off we ’ll add more keys until we get back to those numbers .
Are you seeing that ladder system working so far ?
I only ask as I was speaking to someone that ’s been playing the beta a lot , and the potential issue he flagged was that server populations might not be maintained for the general user .
Dustin Browder :
Well , it ’s going to be interesting to see .
Certainly in the beta it ’s going to be a little more challenging .
I think we ’re going to be OK once we launch , right ?
We ’ll have the game in the hands of a larger number of customers .
I certainly have concerns about the off hours .
I ’m a little worried that the casual player ’s going to have trouble getting games at 2.00 am that match his skill level .
He might run into scenarios there where , simply , there are not enough players at his skill level that are enthusiastic at playing at two in the morning .
But I do n’t know for sure .
I also talked to some guys around the office and they ’ve encouraged me to wait to see how popular the game is before I panic about that issue .
There may in fact be a larger population than I ’m giving our fans credit for at that time , but that would be a concern that I would have .
How are you seeing people responding to the general speed of the game ?
Most modern RTS is much slower than StarCraft .
StarCraft was very immediate , and still is .
You ’ve obviously to great lengths to match the sequel experience to the original experience .
How are you seeing people cope with the speed ?
Dustin Browder :
We ’re seeing two types of players .
We ’re seeing the hardcore who ’ve been with us for the past 12 years , who are just totally loving it and having a great time .
We ’re seeing newer players get into the beta and struggling a bit with the speed , with the rushes , with the style of gameplay we ’re presenting them with .
We ’ve seen a lot of feedback from the newer players saying , ‘ Oh my God , this is really rough .
What the hell are you guys doing ? ’
The only thing I would say to that is that the beta is not a demo .
This is not how I expect new players to experience this game .
As an analogy , if you play WoW at all , it ’s kind of like us releasing a beta of level 80 arena games , with nothing before that , and saying , ‘ Hey , go and have fun . ’
Like , there ’d be no way you could jump in .
The beta for us is a chance to load - test our servers , and it ’s also a chance to specifically test out 1 v1 , and to a lesser extent our 2v2 competitive environment , so it ’s really for people that want to help us test .
If you ’re looking to just jump in and get something that ’s really fun , just like a demo , I would encourage people to not think of it that way .
For the casual players we have a 20 - plus - hour campaign that we want them to play before they get into online play , to get used to the gameplay experience .
We have a wide selection of AI opponents , five different difficulty levels of AI opponents , which we encourage people to try out their chosen race with before they get into online play .
We have our Challenge mode , which has a bunch of maps that teach you some of the fundamentals of competitive online play , that we encourage you to play before you get into online play .
We have co-operative games against the AI , an actual quick match where we pick a random ally for you and get you playing against AI opponents .
So we have , I dunno , 30 - 40 hours of offline and semi-online play experience for the more casual players , to get them accustomed to the StarCraft II play experience , before they delve into 2v2 and 1v1 Deathmatch .
Obviously , we ’re not providing any of that in the beta .
I guess what I ’m hoping from these guys that are struggling a bit in the beta , if they can put up with it , is to struggle a little bit , get to their skill level and then give us their feedback based on their skill level .
Obviously , we ’re getting a lot of play balance from the very hardcore .
I can go anywhere on the internet and see what those guys think , right ?
But we have to make the mid-range player balance for him too .
At his skill level , it has to be a fun experience .
So , for those players that are at the mid-level play , and are maybe having a little trouble getting past those ten games , and when they play at four in the morning currently in the beta they just run into a bunch of platinum - level guys and they ’re not feeling so happy about it , I would encourage them to try to keep playing , and try to keep playing between hours where they ’re likely to find good games , and send us their feedback .
Can you measure clicks - per-minute ?
Dustin Browder : Yes , we can .
Are you seeing clicks - per- minute generally increase as you run the beta over time ?
Dustin Browder : I ’m sorry , I ’m able to see it on a game - by - game basis ; I ’m not able to see it globally .
But that ’s a great question , and certainly a stat we ’d love to have .
We have a ton of stats right now , and we ’re having a trouble getting at them a little bit .
There ’s a large volume of data that our business intelligence guys are working very hard to give us access to .
What I have access to now is fairly limited .
I have access to maps , I have access to win-loss by race and by skill , I have access to certain unit stats , but no , I do n’t have access to action - per- minute on a global scale .
I ’m not able to see it increasing as we go .
I imagine that it would .
Certainly , my experience in Call of Duty when it first released was quite terrifying .
I ’m getting to be in my late 30s .
I went to play Call of Duty and I got owned for many days in a row .
When I was in my late 20s and early 30s I used to be able to get top stop on a Counter - Strike server with no difficulty , and Counter - Strike ’s a pretty fast game .
Modern Warfare
I was struggling with , but as I played in that first week , I pretty soon got back into the flow of things and I was n’t losing every head - to - head match - up by half a second .
So , I certainly hope that as people get used to the game their actions - per- minute go up , but I do n’t have those figures for you , sir .
I ’m sorry .
That ’s OK .
Obviously , Rob [ Pardo , Blizzard ’s game design EVP – Ed ] ’s going to be doing quite a big session this week about StarCraft and more .
What are we going to see from him ?
Dustin Browder :
Oh my goodness , I have no idea [ laughs ] .
I should ask him in my meeting today what he ’s going to talk about .
I know he ’s going to talk quite a bit about Blizzard design philosophy .
I have seen a preview talk from him on that , and it was really quite good , I thought .
He talks in detail about the philosophies that we use , and it encourages other studios not to follow our philosophies exactly of course , because that would n’t be right for them , but to find and create our own set of rule - sets that will make them successful .
I think he ’s going to talk a lot about – at least this is what I think he ’s going to talk about , and I think he talked about this at DICE as well – the sort of philosophies that made us successful .
Maybe it ’s all BS , but the philosophies that we thought were good for us .
If other studios want to steal ours then by all means , but he encourages others to pick philosophies that they think are strong for them and then stick to them .
As you ’re approaching StarCraft II ’s launch , the company ’s becoming more active in terms of PR and putting itself out there .
How important are shows like GDC and E3 to the game ?
Dustin Browder :
Well , I do n’t know .
Maybe Bob could answer that one .
But certainly at GDC and DICE over the last five or six years , Blizzard has really increased presence at those shows , to try to be more helpful to the development community out there .
We felt that we had n’t been as responsible as we could have been in the past and we wanted to be more responsible going forward .
We ’ve actually been a growing studio since WoW launched , and it was more important for us to say , ‘ Hey guys , we ’re not entirely insane .
We ’re actually fun guys to work with and we might be fun guys to hang out with and maybe you might like to consider applying for one of those many jobs on our website .
But those shows , certainly for the developers , are very important to us , just to advertise the fact that we do have a studio that ’s growing , that we do that people to consider us as a legitimate destination for their career .
I do n’t know what kind of impact GDC or E3 has on game sales , or anything like that .
I certainly hope that by getting the game out there people get geeked up about it .
Bob Colayco , in - house PR :
On the PR side , we do n’t really use GDC as a PR vehicle .
There are a lot of people there to learn , and I try to not harass Dustin as he ’s going to these sessions , so we do n’t do a whole lot of interviews or PR or anything .
That ’s more like Blizzcon .
Also some of the big international shows like gamescom ; we have a big presence there .
E3 ?
Not as much lately because we have Blizzcon , but we hit the international shows when we can , to show some love .
Dustin Browder :
What ’s been really exciting for us at these shows , and this has been a fortunate happenstance of our development cycle , is being able to put the game out there live for people to play , both at BlizzCon and these shows in Europe .
For me as a developer , I feel much happier being able to say to people , ‘ Just play it . ’
The beta ’s given us the same kind of advantage .
I can sit here and talk and pontificate all day about what I think is good about the game , but really , who cares ?
What matters is that if you play it and like it the game will speak for itself .
That ’s what ’s been very exciting for me about the shows , is that we can just get it in front of the fans and they can just tell us what they think .
I think the game speaks for itself at this point .
A lot of Battle . net 2.0 ’s community features appear to be locked down at the moment .
Are you quite nervous about rolling out a lot of the new community features ?
Do you think the community ’s going to be quite shocked by it ?
Dustin Browder : I ’m always nervous about everything we do , to be clear .
I guess you ’re asking if I ’m especially nervous .
Well , I know that we have a lot more development ahead of us on Battle .
net .
The multiplayer game , I think , is in a pretty strong space – I hope – and the community ’s going to test that for us , and that seems to be going well .
Battle . net does have a little bit more work ahead of it in terms of this content patch coming , but they ’re also going to be working right up until the very end .
We will have a day one patch , a required day one patch .
So that gives them a little bit more time to sort of get their ducks in a row .
In addition , we view Battle .
net this time around a little more as we do WoW .
We hope to be doing constant content development going forwards , so there are certainly features – tournament features , e-sport features , for example – that are planned after launch .
But obviously , we ’re very concerned about what the community thinks and we want the community to be happy with the service .
We ’re going to keep working on it until the community is happy with the service .
You mentioned a day one patch there ?
Is that public knowledge ?
Is that just for StarCraft ?
Dustin Browder : I do n’t know if that ’s public knowledge or not .
Bob Colayco :
It ’s been pretty standard .
It ’s not just us ; everyone does it .
Dustin Browder : Yeah .
It ’s certainly something that we ’re doing this time around because the beta is going to be running .
We ’re certainly going to have a balance patch if nothing else .
Bob Colayco :
If you think about the logistics of printing million of boxes , and millions of discs , and getting all that distribution out to all parts of the world , there ’s a big chunk of time there that can be utilized by development to improve the game .
It only makes sense to use that time somehow .
Dustin Browder :
It ’s pretty normal .
They ’ve been standard issue for WoW for some time .
As a consumer back in the day , I always thought a day one patch was kind of a sad sign , but I ’ve got to tell you , as a developer now I kind of welcome it , just for the chance to get a couple more months to really polish and work on the game a little bit longer .
Obviously we ’ll do everything we can to make sure it ’s as small a patch as possible , to make sure people can get into the game and get started playing it .
That ’s our biggest concern with the patch : to make sure it ’s the tiniest thing we can make it so it ’s really quick once you install the game .
Are you actually going to be removing or adding any units before you launch ?
Dustin Browder : I do n’t know if we ’ll add or remove .
We could very easily add or remove .
I certainly hope not to .
I do n’t foresee removing .
I could see changing or adding significantly if it came to that .
Our numbers now are positive and things seem to be going well , but as we ’ve seen many times in the past , the community will often surprise us with tactics and strategies that we simply did n’t see coming .
If we get to a point in a few weeks or a month where we say , ‘ Oh my God , the Immortal ’s a really huge problem .
We need to change him dramatically or drop him , ’ that is a change we ’d be willing to make at this point .
Is the Campaign actually finished yet ?
Dustin Browder :
It ’s not finished .
I ’m doing a play - through right now on Hard difficulty , and I have pages of notes .
But yes , all the missions are in , all of the game mechanics are in and working , and all the audio is recorded .
We ’re down to fixing , polishing ; lots and lots of difficulty tuning is going on .
We have multiple strike teams around the studio playing through at multiple difficulty levels , giving us tons and tons of feedback .
We ’ve been bringing in a lot of new users and having them run through our game , or at least the first part of the game , and watching where they get stuck .
But yeah : all the missions are at least at some level complete .
How does it feel to finally get it all in one place ?
Dustin Browder :
It ’s pretty exciting .
I ’ll be a lot more excited when it ’s actually done .
We ’re obviously working a lot of hours right now trying to get it complete .
We ’re working a lot of hours for tuning .
It ’s a pretty exhausting experience all the way round .
I ’ll be happy , and I ’ll give that little cheer , when we actually put it in the box .
You ’ve got a release date in the first half of this year , right ?
So you ’ve got quite a lot of leeway , I guess .
You ’ve got four months to actually ship .
You ’re completely confident on actually hitting that release date , right ?
Dustin Browder : I do n’t know [ lots of laughing ] .
I ’d really love to say yes , I got to tell you , brother .
You never know what ’s going to happen .
You never know when something ’s going to jump up and bite you that you did n’t expect .
Yeah sure , today it ’s looking great , but who knows tomorrow ?
Certainly I ’d be super - excited for that to be the case .
I ca n’t tell you how enthusiastic the team is at this point of getting this game out of the door , not only to get the game into the hands of our fans , but also so we can go home .
But at this point we really want to get it out in the worst possible way , and any delays are going to meet with our righteous fury .
But there ’s no way to know for sure , dude , what ’s going to happen at this point .
Wall Street Journal
The reports that the beleaguered Greek government is going to privatize state assets as part of an effort to reign in its crushing debt burden .
America ’s mounting debt will reach Greek proportions on our present path , so U.S. policymakers should start looking at privatization as well .
Among the Greek government ’s “ eclectic ” holdings that could be sold off are ownership stakes in banks , casinos , a water utility , oil refinery , and a telecommunications company .
Standing in the way will be unions , which are already riled up over the privatization of a container terminal in an Athens port .
Like Greece , public sector unions represent an obstacle here as privatization would threaten the excessive compensation and job security they ’ve secured .
However , federal policymakers need to muster the courage to move forward .
Privatizing federal assets and programs could put a dent in the debt .
And unleashing the private sector to make more productive use of these assets and activities would foster economic efficiency and growth .
The following are some targets that policymakers should consider :
U.S. Postal Service .
Technology , labor costs , and congressional mandates make it unlikely that the USPS can survive in the long - run .
Nor should it .
Countries across the globe are subjecting their government postal monopolies to competition from private mail carriers , with positive results .
Amtrak .
Created in 1970 , Amtrak was supposed to become self - financed .
Forty years and $ 37 billion in federal subsidies later , it provides second - rate service while its infrastructure continues to deteriorate .
It ’s plagued by the same problems that afflict the USPS : burdensome labor costs , congressional meddling , and potential customers ’ preference for other forms of transportation .
Air Traffic Control .
The Federal Aviation Administration has run a mismanaged air traffic control system for decades .
Its technology is outdated , and its upgrade efforts have often fallen behind schedule and gone over budget .
The U.S. should look abroad for solutions .
Canada , for instance , successfully privatized its air traffic control system by setting up a private , non-profit corporation that is financed by user fees on aviation users .
Federal Assets .
The federal government has almost 900,000 buildings and structures with a total area of 3.29 billion square feet and more than 41 million acres of land ( not including federal parks and forests ) .
In fact , the federal government owns about one - fourth of the land in the United States .
See this essay for more on
Obama ’s preventive war and the end of Nuremberg — Part 2
By Richard Hoffman
19 February 2010
The following is the second in a two part series .
Part 1 was published yesterday , Thursday February 18 .
The post -Soviet “ New World Order ” : “ preventive ” and “ humanitarian ” war
Following the collapse of the Soviet Union , the US ruling elite altered its military and strategic perspectives .
It embarked upon a policy of establishing complete and unchallenged domination over key regions and resources against its major rivals in Europe and Asia , through the global projection of overwhelming military power .
The politico - military transformation had its corollary in the ruling elite ’s attitude to constraints imposed on the use of force by international law .
In a word , these constraints were repudiated .
America was unbound .
In the twenty years since 1990 , America ’s position on international law has crystallised –aggressive war is a legitimate instrument of national policy .
It is appropriate to review some of the major milestones in this process , which culminated in Barack Obama ’s speech in Oslo last October .
In his Nobel Prize speech , the president confirmed that he , too , was a supporter of the destruction of the Nuremberg precedents .
In August 1990 , in a speech in Colorado , then US President George H. W. Bush proclaimed the “ New World Order ” .
Bush declared that since the US had won the Cold War , it was its duty to establish a new international order , along with the principles that would govern it .
In the next two years , policy and military strategy documents were prepared , including the 1991 National Security Strategy of the United States and the 1992 Defence Planning Guidance .
Central to these documents were :
1. America ’s role in bringing “ security and stability ” to various regions around the globe .
2 . The right of intervention in the internal affairs of sovereign states on the basis that the Westphalian principles of sovereignty and sovereign equality had been superseded .
At the NATO summit in Rome in November 1991 , the US presented a “ New Strategic Concept ” for NATO , which emphasised the “ global context ” and the need for NATO to take a “ more expansive and less defensive strategic military role ” .
The US and Britain both proclaimed the right to conduct “ humanitarian interventions ” , involving the use of military force to resolve disputes within other nations and to halt “ human rights violations ” .
The Gulf War of 1991 and NATO ’s military attacks on the territory of the former Yugoslavia were a direct expression of America ’s new position : the repudiation of international law and acts of military aggression on “ humanitarian ” pretexts .
The 1999 attacks on Kosovo were clear acts of armed aggression .
Russia , China , India and Belarus protested them at the time .
Serbia brought legal proceedings in The Hague , seeking declarations that NATO ’s actions were criminal violations of the law , but these were rejected on the basis that the actions were justified on humanitarian grounds .
By this time , the UN and the tribunals established under its auspices had become nothing more than tools of US and British imperialism .
Under US pressure , Kofi Annan , notwithstanding the lack of UN Security Council support for the attacks , justified NATO ’s military action on the basis of a “ state of necessity ” , a concept without foundation in international law .
By the end of the 1990s , it was clear that the absolute prohibition on the use of force — except in self - defence — was no longer of any account .
Acts of military aggression , leading to the deaths of thousands of civilians , many of them caused by cluster bombs and depleted uranium missiles , were legitimised as “ humanitarian interventions ” .
The relations of nation - states had reverted to the position prior to 1939 .
In 1938 , Hitler had invaded Czechoslovakia on the pretext of the mistreatment of ethnic Germans in the Sudetenland by Czech authorities .
In any event , in international law , violations of human rights do not justify armed interventions , which inevitably lead to killings , by foreign countries .
The highly respected German scholar of international law , Bruno Simma , in his essay “ NATO , the UN and the Use of Force : Legal Aspects ” ( European Journal of International Law , 10 ( 1 ) 1999 ) considered the NATO attack in Kosovo a flagrant repudiation of the UN Charter , and the justification made for it a resort to the medieval doctrine of justa causa ( “ just cause ” ) .
Given that the NATO attack was illegal , and that Serbia had not breached any international law with respect to any other sovereign state , the subsequent trial of Slobodan Milosevic in The Hague had no foundation in international law , and had no basis in the Nuremberg precedents .
Preventive war
The quest of US imperialism to establish unrivalled supremacy over the globe , which accelerated through the 1990s , was expanded , particularly to the energy rich regions of the Middle East and the Caspian basin , following September 11 , 2001 .
The ensuing “ War on Terror ” and declarations of hostility toward “ rogue states ” led virtually immediately to the Bush administration ’s official adoption of the doctrine of preventive war .
This doctrine had been gaining ground since the early 1990s among intellectuals who supported a more aggressive US foreign policy .
In 1992 , for example , the liberal Michael Walzer circulated a document signed by 60 intellectuals formulating the tenets of a new conception of “ just war ” .
In his book Just and Unjust Wars ( New York , 1992 ) , Walzer argued that , when the US was confronted with “ unusual and terrible danger ” and a “ radical threat to human values ” , no restriction of an ethical or legal nature could apply , and any means of preventive destruction was morally legitimate .
Others similarly took up the justification for preventive war , in the supposedly new “ anti- terror ” context , to counter “ threats ” to American interests .
The proposition was generally accepted that when confronted with “ evil ” , it was legitimate to resort to evil , and that “ 9/11 changed everything ” .
Michael Ignatieff in his book The Lesser Evil : Political Ethics in an Age of Terror ( Edinburgh University Press , 2004 ) reasoned that , faced with a terrorist threat , the US government was entitled to suspend democratic rights and use force to counteract evil .
The US Constitution , so this perspective went , “ is not a suicide pact ” and must give way to the exercise of arbitrary force in an “ emergency ” .
Ignatieff further elaborated , “ In emergencies , we have no alternative but to trust our leaders to act quickly , when our lives may be in danger .
In a terrorist emergency , we disagree ... about the fact , chiefly about what type and degree of risk the threat of terrorism actually presents .
Public safety requires extrapolations about future threats on the basis of disputable facts about present ones . ”
The “ War on Terror ” pretext was advanced simultaneously to escalate the attack on constitutional norms in the US , and on international law in foreign affairs , as the ruling class lurched toward an arbitrary and lawless framework of rule and conquest .
In the Quadrennial Defence Review Report , September 30 , 2001 , and the National Security Strategy of the United States , September 17 , 2002 , the US government set out in detail its preventive war doctrine .
The doctrine proclaimed the right of the US to unilaterally denounce other sovereign states , to force inspections in order to secure “ preventive disarmament ” , and to use military force if and when it considered it necessary or desirable .
The UN was viewed as a body without power over American interests , and thus the US could and would use force without reference to the UN Security Council .
Specifically , in terms of military strategy , the doctrine of preventive war encompassed the projection of US military power utilising its “ asymmetrical advantages ” .
In particular , the consolidation of global hegemony required the establishment of a powerful , long - term military presence in Central Asia , to guarantee control over the immense energy resources of the ex-Soviet republics in the Caucasian , Caspian and Transcaspian region , as well as over Afghanistan and Pakistan , and to establish a military encirclement of both Russia and China .
The Quadrennial Review specifically referred to the use of “ preventive military measures ” , including “ regime change ” in relation to “ hostile states ” , including the use of military force and occupation in order to achieve US strategic objectives .
The National Security Strategy of 2002 also proclaimed the right of the US to act “ pre-emptively ” in circumstances of a perceived threat .
The document stated :
“ The United States has long maintained the option of pre-emptive actions to counter a sufficient threat to our national security .
The greater the threat , the greater is the risk of inaction — and the more compelling the case for taking anticipatory action to defend ourselves , even if uncertainty remains as to the time and place of the enemy attack .
To forestall or prevent such hostile acts by our adversaries the United States will , if necessary , act pre-emptively . ”
The doctrines of preventive war , pre-emptive self defence , humanitarian war and just war are all illegal in international law .
The resort to force , to war , is prohibited following Nuremberg and its codification in international law charters and conventions .
The adoption of these doctrines by the US represents , in historical terms , an immense regression in the ideological condition of Western civilisation .
In 2003 , the US planned , and launched , its aggressive war against Iraq .
The alleged threats of “ weapons of mass destruction ” were proven to be fraudulent and , in any event , could not have formed a lawful foundation for the launching of war .
According to the precedents established at Nuremberg , those civilian and military leaders who planned and carried out the aggressive war against Iraq should be arraigned before a properly constituted judicial tribunal , afforded full and proper due process , and tried for crimes against peace , crimes against humanity , and crimes against the laws of war .
If found guilty , they should be sentenced accordingly .
Obama in Oslo
Obama ’s Nobel Peace Prize speech in Oslo confirmed the death of American liberalism and , one would think , the end of any illusion that international law and the humanistic conceptions embodied in the Nuremberg principles — in particular the inherent criminality of aggressive war — so eloquently and powerfully enunciated by Jackson 65 years ago , have any further meaning or significance for America ’s ruling elite .
American liberalism proclaimed more than six decades ago that waging war was criminal and an affront to the morality and dignity of all civilised people .
In a speech that ran amok over these conceptions , and international law , Obama glorified America ’s military power and her “ right ” to use it in the pursuit of American political aims .
The president declared that “ Nations will continue to find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified ” .
He chastised “ ambivalence over the use of military force ” and proclaimed , with his usual vacuous eloquence , Washington ’s claims to the use of military power for the purposes of “ just war ” , “ preventive war ” and “ pre-emptive war ” — all the illegal doctrines with medieval roots condemned at Nuremberg as nothing more than cloaks for aggression and conquest .
“ The instruments of war ” , Obama continued , “ have a role to play in preserving the peace . ”
The US had the right to “ act unilaterally ” and that right “ extends beyond self - defence or the defence of one nation against an aggressor . ”
He went on to single out various countries that might soon become the subject of US military action — including Iran , North Korea , Somalia , Sudan , Congo , Zimbabwe , and Myanmar — a veritable declaration of war on weak and poor countries .
American finance capital , through its mouthpiece the Wall Street Journal , hailed Obama ’s speech in favour of aggressive war .
“ Sometimes war is necessary , ” it declared .
In the clearest possible terms , Barack Obama has signalled that he intends to continue , and to escalate , the imperialist policy of the United States for global supremacy , colonial subjugation and control of vital resources and markets that it embarked upon following the collapse of the Soviet Union .
In Oslo , Obama declared that the use of military force to that end shall not be constrained in the slightest by international law or the Nuremberg principles .
The great advance in consciousness represented by the development of these principles , has now been categorically and officially repudiated by the entire spectrum of political leadership of the United States .
Obama ’s
Oslo speech signifies the burning necessity for the international working class to build a mass , world socialist party against imperialist war .
Unless such a party is built , and takes power , the world will once again be plunged into a third , and cataclysmic , global conflagration .
Concluded
Spirographs and the third dimension
The basic geometric ideas are straight lines and circles .
The famous compass and straight edge .
There is a great deal that can be done with just these , but what if you want something more complex ?
Spirographs are a very simple idea , let one circle run around a second .
You can make the circles as cogs and then you get a classic toy .
In mathematics there is a mess of names to describe the curves produced , I shall just list them , understanding the differences is a good way of learning the subject : epicycloid , hypocycloid , epitrochoid , hypotrochoid .
It is easy to find lots of examples of these curves online .
So where can we go to generalise .
The first trick is to add more circles .
Adding circles like this gave one of the first predictive models of the planets as they move in their strange paths across the sky .
Unfortunately if you add enough circles you can actually get any curve you want , so the method could never be disproved , though it was eventually replaced starting with the brilliance of Copernicus who put forward a model of the solar system with the sun at the center .
To make images with more than two circle you obviously need a more complicated device as the circles might bump into each other ( just think of three cogs ) .
Luckily humanity was up to the challenge and produced the geometric chuck .
Now we want to go further , to try to make similar figures in 3d .
The first step is to get tools we can play with more easily than simply describing the geometry .
We need a more algebraic form that we can give to the computer , and some way of simply describing the circles .
The geometry comes first .
Here are the cogs :
The sizes of the two cogs show how fast they go round each other .
In this case , we have a cog with 30 pegs and a cog with 10 .
The smaller cog will therefore go round 3 times every time it goes once round the big cog .
We now look at the red point on the smaller cog and watch it move along the green line .
How do we model this ?
Firstly lets consider circles .
We have the circles for the two cogs , but these are not very useful .
We can look instead at the grey circle .
The centre of the small cog moves round this circle .
The black circle on the small cog then shows how the red dot moves .
The final position is the position on the two circles added together .
To plot the curve we need to consider both circles moving round .
If we let the big circle go round once , the small circle will go round four times ( once for the large circle rotating and three going round the large circle ) .
We also need to know the sizes of the two circles , in this case 5 and 1 ( I will not give units as only the relative sizes effect the shape ) .
The path given by these cogs can therefore be encoded as ( 1,5 ) + ( 4,1 ) .
Now recall the parametric formula for a circle : , for x between 0 and .
This equation allow a computer to draw a circle as we put in values of x and plot the point in 2d .
Adding the two circles together therefore we get a parametric formula :
Note how we would just get the points in the circle repeated four times from the second part , were it not for the addition .
We can therefore consider epicycles as adding circles of different radii , moving at different speeds , together .
Finally we can get to the title and leap to 3d .
We can have circles in 3d , so lets add them together .
We have an additional problem however .
Circles are flat , so the same circle can be put in 3d at different angles , we must also consider the plane in which each circle lies .
If we put all circles in the same plane we are stuck in 2d , so where can we put them ?
One simple solution is to put the three circles on the faces of a cube :
There is something unsatisfying about these curves .
For one thing the circles moving on faces reminds more of Lissajous curves rather than spirographs .
Although we are adding circles it is hard to see where the cogs might be .
Maybe another approach is required .
A different approach would be to consider cogs with 45 degree angles .
In other words one gear is at right angles to the previous one :
Each circle other than the first now moves on a plane that itself is moving , staying at right angles to the plane of the previous circle .
It takes a bit of thinking to work out what is happening !
So lets cut to two more items from my mathematical museum of dreams :
Even better a real version ( the work of Richard Grimes ) :
[ Update : 15/1/10 Daniel Piker has a beautiful animation showing how the circles move for yet another version of the 3d spirograph ]
So far we have assumed that we take circles in 2d to circles in 3d .
Is this the only analogue of a circle ?
The circle is a one dimensional object .
In two dimensions , therefore it has one less dimension than the space .
Perhaps we can consider two dimensional objects when we go to three dimensions .
There are two natural two dimensional generalisations of the circle : the sphere and the torus ( donut ) .
The torus can be thought of one circle moved round a second , as you can see here the red circles can be moved round the blue circle to make the torus :
As the torus is made up of circles it is perhaps more natural in this setting .
We then have five pieces of information to describe a torus .
The radii of the two circles and the speed at which we travel round them plus ( as with circles ) the plane the larger circle lies on .
Playing with these ( and again adding two or more tori together gives some very nice objects .
I started with one , so here is a second to finish :
Acknowledgements : Inspiration and most of the best ideas on spirographs come from conversations with Richard Grimes .
The 3d renderings are made using Blender and LuxRender .
Thanks to Ian Hopkinson ( @SmallCasserole ) for introducing me to this .
According to an administration account , the president told Mitch McConnell that he was holding up an extraordinary number of appointments .
Obama in nominee showdown
The Senate confirmed a huge group of administration nominees on Thursday , following a tense exchange between President Barack Obama and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) .
At a White House meeting with bipartisan congressional leaders on Tuesday , Obama warned that he would make recess appointments if the logjam over nominees was n’t broken before the Senate left for the Presidents ’
Day break .
Advertisement
“ Mitch , this is unprecedented , ” the president said , gesturing forcefully on the Cabinet Room table , according to aides .
“ If you do n’t move any , I ’m going to do some [ recess ] appointments . ”
The 27 confirmations mean no recess appointments will be needed during this break , top administration officials said .
Recess appointments , which a president can make when Congress is not in session , are temporary and generally last to the end of the year .
In a statement Thursday night , Obama said : " At the beginning of the week , a staggering 63 nominees had been stalled in the Senate because one or more senators placed a hold on their nomination .
...
And so on Tuesday , I told Senator McConnell that if Republican senators did not release these holds , I would exercise my authority to fill critically - needed positions in the federal government temporarily through the use of recess appointments .
...
Since that meeting , I am gratified that Republican senators have responded by releasing many of these holds and allowing 29 nominees to receive a vote in the Senate .
While this is a good first step , there are still dozens of nominees on hold who deserve a similar vote , and I will be looking for action from the Senate when it returns from recess .
If they do not act , I reserve the right to use my recess appointment authority in the future . "
Democrats say that McConnell blinked .
Republicans contend that the list shows they ’re not obstructionist .
A senior Senate Republican leadership aide said : " We cleared something like 35 nominees before the last recess , too .
That ’s what happens before a recess .
This is n’t because anyone blinked . "
According to an administration account , the president told McConnell that he was holding up an extraordinary number of appointments .
McConnell replied that the Democrats did the same thing when President George W. Bush was in office .
Obama disagreed , saying that when Bush made his first recess appointments , a handful of nominees had been waiting for more than a month .
Obama had more than 60 waiting .
The president added that the discrepancy shows both a “ qualitative ” and “ quantitative ” difference in the approach now .
He said if this did n’t get addressed before the Senate went out , he would make recess appointments , according to the account .
Since that conversation , 29 nominees have moved .
Here is the list of Senate confirmations , by unanimous consent :
Ketanji Brown Jackson , of Maryland , to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission
Susan B. Carbon , of New Hampshire , to be Director of the Violence Against Women Office
Betty King to be Ambassador International Organization U.N .
Caryn Wagner to be Assistant Secretary DHS
Sara Manzano - Diaz , of Pennsylvania , to be Director of the Women 's Bureau
Patrick Corvington - CEO National Service
Robert A. Petzel , of Minnesota , to be Under Secretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs
Nicole Yvette Lamb - Hale , of Michigan , to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce ,
Marisa Lago , of New York , to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Ellen Gloninger Murray , of Virginia , to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services
Bryan Hayes Samuels , of Illinois , to be Commissioner on Children , Youth , and Families , Department of
Health and Human Services
Charles Collyns , of Maryland , to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury
Mary John Miller , of Maryland , to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
André Birotte , Jr. , of California , to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California
Richard S. Hartunian , of New York , to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York
Ronald C. Machen , Jr. , of the District of Columbia , to be United States Attorney for the District of Columbia
Mary Sally Matiella , of Arizona , to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army , vice Nelson M. Ford .
Douglas B. Wilson , of Arizona , to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense , vice Dorrance Smith .
Irvin M. Mayfield , Jr. , of Louisiana , to be a Member of the National Council on the Arts
Cynthia L. Attwood , of Virginia , to be a Member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission
Sharon Y. Bowen , of New York , to be a Director of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation
Orlan Johnson , of Maryland , to be a Director of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation
Douglas A. Criscitello , of Virginia , to be Chief Financial Officer , Department of Housing and Urban
Development
Theodore W. Tozer , of Ohio , to be President , Government National Mortgage Association
David W. Mills , of Virginia , to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce
Suresh Kumar , of New Jersey , to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General of the United
States and Foreign Commercial Service .
Kevin Wolf , of Virginia , to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce .
By Brandy Yanchyk
Vancouver
The start of the torch relay involved traditional ceremonies .
Photo : Tom Ryan
The Canadian city of Vancouver is gearing up to host nearly four weeks of Winter Olympic and Paralympic sporting action in February and March .
The Games , set to attract international attention , have a particular importance for Canada 's aboriginal peoples , as many of the sporting events will take place on their ancestral land .
The peoples involved - the Lil'wat , Musqueam , Squamish and Tsleil - Waututh First Nations - who live on and share the land , have joined forces .
Together with the Vancouver Olympic Committee ( Vanoc ) , they will be hosting the Vancouver 2010 Winter Games in a partnership that is making Olympic history .
This is the first time that aboriginals have been official partners in the Olympics and have been involved in every aspect of the Games starting from the bidding process .
' Stolen land '
For some aboriginals , this partnership is seen as a unique opportunity for Canada 's indigenous peoples to show their culture to the world .
For others , the Vancouver Olympics are a waste of money and resources that could be better spent on serious issues facing aboriginals in Canada .
Many of our community members are paying with their lives with the inadequate housing and healthcare
Rose Henry
Olympic Resistance Network Canada 's indigenous peoples have suffered a long history of poverty , unemployment , and problems with addiction and high rates of suicide .
Tewanee Joseph , head of the umbrella group known as the Four Host First Nations , sees the Vancouver Winter Olympics as a great time for aboriginals to rebrand themselves in a positive way .
" What people will learn is that we 're business people , we 're entrepreneurs , we 're visual artists and we 're performing artists .
You know our culture is really living and thriving today and it's been through challenges , " says Mr Joseph .
" We no longer want to be seen as just Dime Store Indians , just beads and feathers .
I think for us those stereotypes are very important for us to break . "
Despite all the potential positive attention on their culture , many of British Columbia 's aboriginals still feel that the decision to hold the Olympics in Vancouver ( and the resort town of Whistler ) was wrong .
" A lot of First Nations considered the land to be stolen , " says Josh Anderson from the Lil'wat Nation .
" Our people were actually there to watch the construction of the facilities for the Olympics just in case the lands were desecrated or disrespected in any way . "
A number of First Nations continue to be concerned about how the expansion of Whistler for the Olympics is affecting their land and the environment .
' No teepees '
Despite the opposition by some of his people , Mr Anderson welcomes the arrival of the Olympic Games and intends to use the exposure as an opportunity to educate the world about his culture .
He will be teaching Lil'wat history to visitors at the new Squamish Lil'wat Cultural Centre in Whistler , built with provincial and federal government funding .
There are aims to bring the aboriginal culture to a wider audience " A lot of people think that we , the Lil'wat and the Squamish , are Eskimos and that we live in igloos and that we have teepees here .
We do n't have teepees and we are not Eskimos , " Mr Anderson says .
" We do have cold winters and we used to live in underground dwellings in pit houses .
We call them istkens . "
For aboriginals like Rose Henry , of Sliammon heritage , and Jayson Fleury , who is Saulteaux - Cree , the idea that Vanoc is spending C$ 1.7bn ( $ 1.6 bn ; £ 1 bn ) on the Games is upsetting .
They both belong to the Olympic Resistance Network ( ORN ) whose motto is " No Olympics on Stolen Native Land . "
They believe that some of that money should be spent on issues like homelessness and addiction .
" If you go to Vancouver 's downtown eastside , you will see that most of the homeless are First Nations people and they are from this area , " says Mr Fleury .
" So their rights , their livelihood are not being honoured in any fashion . "
" It is costing us a lot more than just the dollars , " adds Ms Henry .
" Many of our community members are paying with their lives with the inadequate housing and healthcare and so the rippling effects go beyond the 17 - day party that 's going to be happening here that we can't afford . "
Snowboarding success
The province of British Columbia , Vanoc , and the Four Host First Nations still believe that the Olympics will have a lasting positive impact on Canada 's aboriginals and have set up economic , art and sporting legacy programmes .
One fund has helped to create the First Nations snowboard team which started with 10 members and now has 200 from 13 First Nations across British Columbia .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Olympic organisers have also given C$ 54 m of contracts to more than 100 aboriginal businesses - roughly 10 % of the construction contracts worth a total of C$ 580 m .
In central Vancouver there will also be a C$ 3.5 m Aboriginal Pavilion , a multi-media centre displaying aboriginal art , business , culture and sport to visitors throughout the Games .
" Every venue that you go to , you will be welcomed by an aboriginal figure .
Every one of the venues you go to will have aboriginal art in it , " says Dan Doyle , Vanoc 's executive vice president .
An aboriginal artist was also chosen to design the Olympic and Paralympic medals : Corrine Hunt , of First Nations Komoyue and Tlingit heritage .
Vancouver Games :
Will it mean gold for the aboriginal peoples ?
" The fact that an aboriginal person was given the opportunity to make the Olympic and the Paralympic medals I think is really important , " says Ms Hunt .
" It shows the recognition that we have as a people and that we continue to live on this land . "
Chief Gibby Jacob from the Squamish Nation agrees that the recent recognition of native culture is an important milestone after years of suppression by the Canadian establishment .
He took part in the start of the torch relay , helping to bring the Olympic flame to the shores of Victoria in British Columbia by canoe and performing a traditional aboriginal welcoming ceremony .
" The significance of doing our ceremonies on the water in our canoes , that was important for us to have those things recognised , " Chief Jacob says .
" In the history of this country there was legislation created by the governments wherein we could n't practice our culture , our traditions .
They thought it was not right . "
For many aboriginals artists , businesses and athletes the real test of the Vancouver Olympics will be if the inclusion and celebration of their cultures continue long after the Games are over .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In every life there are times of stress , anxiety , worry , fear and challenge .
Sometimes those challenges come rooted deep in our past , where shame , guilt or trauma have impacted on our lives in ways we may not fully understand .
As we mature and become successful these inner issues remain , but we become experts at pushing them aside , burying them deep in the memory or perhaps even trying to negate them with the use of drugs , alcohol , food or other types of addictive and destructive behaviours .
We put on a positive face and tell ourselves all will be fine , though at some level - even if we are not sure why - we still sense those negative feelings .
We begin to lose confidence in ourselves ; stress increases , relationships deteriorate and we discover that we have become addicted to the very things we previously turned to for comfort .
De echte FIFA - fans weten het natuurlijk al lang , maar mocht het langs je heen zijn gegaan : 9 oktober komt het populaire spel uit voor de Playstation 4 , Playstation 5 , Xbox one , Xbox Series X , PC én Nintendo Switch .
Alle player ratings en trailers zijn de revue al gepasseerd dus daar besteden we vandaag dan ook geen aandacht aan .
Waar het nu om gaat is het simpele feit dat jij de game ( t.w.v. één barkie of 55 frikandellen speciaal ) gratis van je deurmat kan oprapen op de dag van de release , zodat je 'm direct kan spelen .
En dan hebben we het niet over de gewone versie , maar over de Ultimate Edition ( met wallhacks en godmode en zo ) .
Winnen ?
Simpel : meld je aan voor de nieuwsbrief van Sla je slag en je doet automatisch mee .
Makkelijker kunnen we het niet maken boys ... GO !
An example of what you can get for 1500 dollars of your hard earned money , in America of course .
Might not be top line but variety counts
Wellington : Politicians Pay Poverty Wages
On 17th February , 2010 , members of the Aotearoa Workers Solidarity Movement attended a rally of striking cleaners at Parliament in Wellington organized by the Service and Food Workers Union ( SFWU ) .
The rally was part of the SFWUs clean start campaign demanding and hourly wage increase from $ 12.55 to $ 14.62 for cleaners employed at Parliament and the police college in Porirua , in line with a recent pay increase for hospital cleaners and directly - employed school cleaners .
For many cleaners their job is hard enough even without the poverty wages as it demands working late into the night , which makes it difficult to remain functioning members of their families and communities .
SFWU member Allan Gaylard pointed out  I clean Parliament from mid-night to dawn , and I think a lot of these MPs do not know we exist .
It is OK for John Key and Members of Parliament to say they will not get a pay rise this year , but they earn more than $ 130,000 with John Key earning $ 400,000 , whereas I earn $ 12.55 an hour ! 
The protest was a reasonably noisy affair , with the cleaners disrupting business as usual at Parliament by banging their placards with wooden spoons for around 20 - 30 minutes , followed by speeches from Union representatives , rank and file cleaners and Labour and Green Party politicians .
The snug relationship between the unions and the Labour party was plain for all to see , with one Union rep claiming everything will be alright once our friends are back in power .
Contempt for rank and file control couldnt have been more striking .
But the irony of a system where the Prime Minister earns 100 times the hourly pay of the person forced to clean his office was also lost on no one , with John Keys own personal cleaner suggesting he should clean his own bloody office .
Of course those who have been forced to work late into the night cleaning up the mess of politicians who clearly couldnt care less about them deserve far more than the miserable $ 2.12 increase being demanded by their union , ultimately they deserve control over their lives and their communities  nothing short of full emancipation .
They are elegant and sophisticated .
They ’re certainly exotic .
But if you think orchids are hard to grow , think again .
For a long time now , orchids have had the rather dubious reputation for being temperamental beauties that require meticulous care , plus a healthy dose of luck , for them to grow and prosper .
But , in fact , there are many types that will thrive in the hands of the average gardener in a typical home , including the popular corsage - type orchid , among many others .
And in the past few years , bucking their family 's delicate reputation , one species of orchid , Phalaenopsis , has gone from exotic flora to supermarket staple .
Cloned in Taiwanese labs and nurtured in California nurseries , they 're popping up in droves at supermarkets , big box stores , nurseries , garden centers , and discount clubs .
Native to tropical Asia – including the Philippines , Java , and elsewhere – the orchids in this group , including many species and hundreds of man-made hybrids , make excellent indoor plants because they need only filtered light and average indoor temperatures for them to thrive .
Orchids that look like moths
These rather mundane - looking plants produce some of the most wildly exotic flowers imaginable .
The arching sprays of so many brilliantly colored , flat , winglike blossoms give Phalaenopsis its common name – the moth orchid .
And because the blossoms on a single spray often open in succession , a single spray of the heavy - textured flowers generally lasts for two or three months , and sometimes even longer .
Although a couple of smaller varieties of orchids have taken up permanent residence on my windowsills in the kitchen , the majority of my plants are grown in the basement under lights .
A couple of weeks ago the first spikes finally burst into bloom .
Decked out in a full range of luxurious colors , silken textures , and nocturnal scents , this group of luscious charmers strutted out a rainbow of colors from cream and yellow to shades of pink . .
Typically , modern hybrids of the moth orchid range in color from white and cream to pink , rose - cream , and yellow with colored lips in rose , red , wine , or spotted .
Although the white blooms are the largest and have the best form , imaginative breeders worldwide have improved the many colored ones .
Thus , the range of many of the newer “ novelty ” colors – yellow , green , dark purple , sunburst , and blush – has also exploded .
And the colors of the orchids may either be solid , or marked with stripes , bars or spots .
[ Editor 's note :
Do click through all the photos at the top of this post and above left .
They 'll give you a fuller idea of what 's available . ]
Caring for your orchids
I ’m not 100 percent successful at getting my orchids to thrive and rebloom each year – I do lose a couple every now and then – but I ’m successful enough to add a couple of new plants to my collection each year .
If you keep the following information in mind , you should have minimal trouble growing orchids in your own home :
– Temperature should stay between 70 and 75 degrees F. ( 21 C to 24 C ) during the day and 60 to 65 degrees F. ( 15.5 C to 18 C ) at night .
– Proper light it critical for getting plants to rebloom .
Moth orchids are low - light plants that prefer an east or lightly shaded west window ,
They can also be grown under regular grow lights that are positioned about a foot above the plant .
They do not like direct sunlight .
– Ideal humidity is between 50 to 60 percent .
For a greater chance of success , cluster pots on trays filled with gravel and water , making sure that pot bottoms sit above the water level .
– Mastering the watering of orchids is often one of the most puzzling challenges of their culture .
Moth orchids have a low tolerance for drought , enjoying an evenly moist , not wet , soil year - round .
I water my plants weekly , flushing the pot well with water , then allowing it all to drain out before putting it back on the water - filled tray .
– During the growing season , I fertilize with a weak ( l/4 - strength ) orchid fertilizer every time I water , cutting back to once every two to three weeks when the plant is in bloom .
– To induce a flower spike and subsequent bloom , plants need a bit of a cold spell .
My basement is ideal , where temperatures dip to the mid-50s F. ( 13 C ) for a couple of weeks during winter .
– Plants do best when they 're grown in a potting media that 's for orchids and in free - draining containers .
Repotting is usually necessary every three or so years .
Moth orchids are very rewarding , generally non-demanding , plants for the home grower as long as you find the right balance between humidity , temperature , and light .
Betty Earl is one of eight garden writers who blog regularly at Diggin ' It .
She 's the author of “ In Search of Great Plants : The Insider ’s Guide to the Best Plants in the Midwest , ” is one of eight garden writers who blogs regularly at Diggin '
It .
She also writes a regular column for Chicagoland Gardening Magazine and The Kankakee Journal and numerous articles for Small Gardens Magazine , American Nurseryman , Nature ’s Garden , and Midwest Living Magazine , as well as other national magazines .
She is a garden scout for Better Homes and Gardens and a regional representative for The Garden Conservancy .
Editor ’s note :
To read more by Betty Earl , click here .
For more Monitor gardening , see our main gardening page and previous posts of Diggin '
It [ they 're there if you keep scrolling down ] .
Both of these have new URLs , so we hope you 'll bookmark them and return .
Want to be notified when there 's something new in our gardening section ?
Sign up for our RSS feed .
SYDNEY — Australian band Men at Work copied a well - known children ’s campfire song for the flute melody in its 1980s hit “ Down Under ” and owes the owner years of royalties , a court ruled Thursday .
“ Kookaburra Sits in the Old Gum Tree ” was written more than 70 years ago by Australian teacher Marion Sinclair for a Girl Guides competition , and the song has been a favourite around campfires from New Zealand to Canada .
The teacher died in 1988 , and publishing company Larrikin Music owns the copyright to her song about the native Australian bird .
Larrikin filed the copyright lawsuit last year .
“ I have come to the view that the flute riff in ‘ Down Under ’ ... infringes on the copyright of Kookaburra because it replicates in material form a substantial part of Ms. Sinclair ’s 1935 work , ” Federal Court Justice Peter Jacobson said .
He ordered the parties back in court Feb. 25 to discuss the compensation Larrikin should receive from songwriters Colin Hay and Ron Strykert and Men at Work ’s record companies , Sony BMG Music Entertainment and EMI Songs Australia .
Adam Simpson , Larrikin Music ’s lawyer , said outside court the company might seek up to 60 per cent of the royalties “ Down Under ” earned since its release — an amount that could total millions .
The songwriters and their recording companies did not immediately comment .
“ Down Under ” and the album Business As Usual topped the Australian , American and British charts in early 1983 .
The song remains an unofficial anthem for Australia and was ranked fourth in a 2001 music industry survey of the best Australian songs .
Men at Work won the 1983 Grammy Award for Best New Artist .
If I want to use an SSL certificate on my website which is trusted by the majority of web browsers , I need to pay a commercial certificate authority for one .
Generally all the CA does is verify that I ’m the domain owner , and then sign my certificate with their trusted certificate .
If there were a standardised way of doing it , I could just generate my own certificate and stick a hash of it in my DNS zone .
That would prove that the certificate came from somebody who controls the domain .
DNS does n’t use a secure delivery mechanism , but adding DNSSEC gives it one .
The good thing about doing it this way is that both systems can work alongside each other .
Those who do n’t want to pay a commercial CA for a trusted certificate can just configure up DNSSEC on their zone , and then add the certificate hash .
Correct , Beautiful , Fast ( In That Order )
One of the books I am occasionally grazing on is Beautiful Code .
The title of this post is the title of Chapter 6 .
I ’ll be honest , I only skimmed the chapter as one can only digest so much Java , but the title is spot on .
Step 1 : Correct ( With Tests )
I have been thinking exactly this as of late , though I will admit in no way as succinctly .
First , you get it working .
It does not matter if it is dirty .
Rather , what matters is that it functions and is well tested .
If it works and it is not tested , you can never make it beautiful with confidence , so testing is very important to this step .
Step 2 : Beautiful
Once your program is working and testing , make it beautiful .
Leave the tests alone and head back into the code .
Branch out and try new idioms that you have not tried before .
Ensure that someone with no prior knowledge could jump in and know what is going on ( without ridiculous comments all over ) .
Note that this step is not optional .
Once your code is functional and well tested , you still have an obligation to make it beautiful .
I think a lot of people skip this step .
They think once it works and is tested , that is the end .
Wrong .
Not only is this step the most fun , it also forces you to think through the code more .
I often find edge cases during this step that I would never find if I stopped and correct and tested .
Step 3 : Fast ( optional )
If you pass these first two steps and you run into slowness at an unacceptable level , make it fast .
The author puts it best in the summary at the end of the chapter , so I will quote them :
If there ’s a moral to this story , it is this : do not let performance considerations stop you from doing what is right .
You can always make the code faster with a little cleverness .
You can rarely recover so easily from a bad design .
So true .
I have never focused on speed in MongoMapper .
No benchmarks to wow the noobs .
No dramatic statements about performance .
I have focused on cleaning up the code and making it easier for myself to maintain and others to contribute .
Not long ago , one of those contributors sent me a tiny patch ( ~30 lines ) that improved overall performance by at least two , maybe three times what it was in 0.6.10 .
I do not think that it would have been that simple to to find and fix the performance issues if the code had been a mess .
Conclusion
ヴォルスタービヨンドはどこで買える？どこに売ってる？1番安い販売店は？
最強の成分量で人気のヴォルスタービヨンド（ブラスト）ですが、比較的高級な商品です。なので・・・
僕 僕もヴォルスタービヨンドを試してみたいけど・・・できるだけお得に・・・1番安い販売店はどこかな？
と思ったんです。そこで、ヴォルスタービヨンドが1番安い販売店をリサーチ、さらに、実際に購入して飲んでみた感想もシェアします。
この記事を読むと、次のことがわかります。
ヴォルスタービヨンドはどこで買える？どこに売ってる？
販売店の中でも1番安いのは？
値段だけじゃない？公式で買いたい3つの理由
実際に購入して試した私の感想
ヴォルスタービヨンドの良い口コミと悪い口コミまとめ
ヴォルスタービヨンドはどこで買える？どこに売ってる？安い販売店はココ！
マツキヨやウエルシア薬局、ココカラファイン（セガミ）、ドンキなどなどの市販の店舗には、販売がありません。
ヴォルスタービヨンドは薬局やドラッグストアにはない、通販専用の商品です。つまり、通販で最安値⇒ヴォルスタービヨンドの最安値！となるわけですね。
ヴォルスタービヨンドはどこで買える？どこに売ってる？ 販売店は？⇒Amazon、楽天、公式サイト
通販の中でもヴォルスタービヨンドの販売がある、Amazon、楽天、そして公式サイトの値段を比較してみました。
ヴォルスタービヨンドの販売店で1番安いのは公式サイト
【 Amazon 】
【楽天】
【公式サイト 】
販売店 Amazon 楽天 公式 値段 13800 円 13800 円 12800 円
値段を比較してみると、1番安い販売店は公式サイトです。
僕 僕的には、安い時点でもう公式サイト一択。
特に定期購入とかではなく買切りの商品なので、公式で買うデメリットはないですから。
しかし、実は値段だけがお得な理由ではありません。具体的な公式サイトのお得ポイントも確認してみましょう。
ヴォルスタービヨンドは絶対に公式から買いたい理由
ヴォルスタービヨンドは、公式サイトから購入するのがベストです。３つの理由をチェックしてみましょう。
公式の値段 が1番安いから
もちろん安い値段も理由の一つ。気に入って続けるほど、差額は積み重なります。
先ほどの画像にも載っていますが、2個、3個とセットで買うと割引もとても大きくなりますね。
豪華な特典が付くか ら
値段の画像からお気づきの人もいると思いますが、1個のみの購入からでもかなり豪華な特典が付きます。ありがちなショボい特典ではありません。
特典 （1個購入） ヴォルスターリキッド120ml（1ヶ月分）
ヴォルスターリキッド持ち運び用（7回分）
サンプルではなくかなり高めの製品そのものをプレゼント。ちなみにリキッドは、直接塗るタイプですね。ちなみにこちらが「ヴォルスターリキッド持ち運び用」です。
そしてさらに、3個購入すると特典は・・・
特典（3個購入） ヴォルスタービヨンド1 箱
ヴォルスターリキッ ド120ml（1ヶ月分）
ヴォルスターリキッド持ち運び用（7回分）
なんとヴォルスタービヨンド自体を＋1個！3個買うと4個もらえるわけです。しばらく続ける予定の人は、できれば3個買いたいところですね。
ちなみにこの公式の特典は今現在（2020年9月）のものですが、時期によって変化します。とは言え、同じくらいか同等以上に豪華な内容にしてくるので、公式の特典には毎回期待して良い内容になっています。
全額返金保証がある ！
丸1箱分の全額返金保証あり。しかも条件が「満足できなければ」とこちら次第。実質条件なし！
確実に返金保証してもらえるわけですね。実際に返金申請するかしないかはおいといて、ヴォルスタービヨンド自体にとても自信があるからできる条件です。
公式なら安い＆特典＆返金保証
Amazonや楽天でも買えるヴォルスタービヨンドですが、公式なら1番安い＆豪華な特典＆永久返金保証、しかも条件が緩い！
圧倒的に公式サイトから買う方が有利ですよね。
僕 というわけで、私もヴォルスタービヨンドを実際に購入してみました。
ヴォルスタービヨンドを購入してお試ししてみたら予想以上の！？
公式サイトから購入して届いたヴォルスタービヨンドがこちら。ちなみに、配送された箱の品名はーーー（横線）と書いてあり、中身が何かわからない配慮もあり。
実物を見て思ったのですが、カプセルがでかい！？成分が凄いという特徴は本当ですね(^◇^ ; ) 。
しかも、このでかいカプセルを1日4個飲むから、実感力も高いわけです。
ヴォルスタービヨンドを飲んだ結果
実は最初のあたりは、何も感じませんでした（汗）。お薬ではないので、行為の前に飲んだらいきなり元気になるというものではありません。
しかしもちろんこの成分量、効果なしというわけではないんです。
毎日飲んで一週間後。数年ぶりの朝勃ち。もはや40代の私にはずっとなかった朝勃ちが再来。お久しぶり。それから本当に下半身の調子が元気になってきました。
普段の生活で、なぜか勃ちます。特にきっかけもなく勃ちます。意味もなく勃つんですよ！
皆様も覚えがあるのではないでしょうか？この懐かしい感覚・・・はい、まるで10代後半。
元気さだけでなく、元気になったときの角度、硬さ、サイズも若いときの絶頂期に戻ったんです。・・・こんな角度は久しぶりです（笑）。
もちろん夜も・・・最後までスムーズにできるように。ヴォルスタービヨンドで、予想以上の結果が得られたと言えます。
お薬のような即効性はないのですが、普段から調子が良くなるのは大きなメリットに感じました。お薬経験もありますが、空腹時や時間制限、副作用など、結構大変でしたので(^◇^ ; ) 。
余談ですが、体調面も良いです。疲れが溜まらない感じですね。ヴォルスタービヨンドの成分は、精力以外にも体力増量や滋養強壮にも定番ですから♪
要点まと め
長くなったので、これまでの要点をまとめてみました。
ヴォルスタービヨンドはどこで買える？どこに売ってる？⇒Amazon、楽天、公式
1番安い販売店は公式サイト
公式なら安いだけでなく、豪華特典に返金保証まであり。
実際に飲んでみると、元気さ、硬さ、角度、サイズ、10代に戻った！
公式サイトが断然お得なヴォルスタービヨンド。
もし満足できなければ、どんな理由でもできる返金保証もあります。気になっている・・・という人は、お試しして購入を決めてみては？
ヴォルスタービヨンドの返金保証がある公式はこちら→
私 個人的には非常に気に入ったのですが、他の人の口コミも気になってきました。気になる人は参考にチェックしてみてください。
ヴォルスタービヨンドの口コミ・評判からわかること
良い口コミはもちろんのこと、悪い口コミもリサーチしてみました。
ヴォルスタービヨンドの悪い口コミ・評判
もう少し安かったら ネットで口コミや評判を見てとても良かったので、ヴォルスタービヨンドを試してみました。確かに全然調子が良くなり、感動すら覚えたのですか、う～ん、ちょっと高いですね。もう少し、値段が安かったら良かったです。
ヴォルスタービヨンドの唯一のデメリットが、ちょっと高めな商品ということですね。高級なサプリではあるので、続ける場合は安くなるセット購入を利用しましょう。
いまいち効果なし ？ 1番安い公式サイトから購入。夜の前に期待しながら飲んでみたのですが、正直な感想はいまいち。普段と変わらないと感じました。ヴォルスタービヨンドは効果なし？
勘違いしがちなのですが、お薬のような即効性があるわけではなく、普段の自身の調子を改善してくれるものです。特性を間違えないようにしましょう。ちなみに私は体験談のように、飲み始めて1週間目からはっきり変化がわかりました。
ヴォルスタービヨンドの良い口コミ・評判
若い時に戻った！ 以前から気になっていた、元気が出るサプリ。選んだ決め手は成分量が凄いこと。しかも永久全額返金保証があるなら、内容にも自信があるだろうと。結果的には大正解。40後半で調子が悪かったのですが、今は若い時に戻ったような感触です。選んで良かったです。
理由もなく勃つ 有名なヴィトックスαから乗り換え。乗り換えてびっくり、ヴォルスタービヨンドは4カプセルも飲むんですね、成分量が違いすぎです。ヴィトックスαも悪くはなかったのですが、こちらの方が凄い！昼間に理由なく勃っていて、トイレの時に困りました（笑）。
歳に関係なく硬 い Amazon、楽天など、どこで買えるか探した中で、公式が安かったです。少し高いですが、それでも売れてるから気になりました。歳のせいもあり、たっても半立ちみたいな柔らかさ。しかし徐々に俄然硬くなるように。今の調子なら年齢を理由に諦めず、夫婦で楽しめます。
不調が嘘みたい に まだ30代も半ばですが、最近勃ち方が悪いんです。焦ると余計に勃たず・・・。なんとかしたいと、評判が良いヴォルスタービヨンドに頼りました。2週間ほどすると不調だったのが嘘みたいに元気に。ごちゃごちゃ考えずにスムーズにインできて、最後までもつように。感謝感謝です。
良い口コミでは、年代を問わずに「若い頃、絶頂の時期に戻った」ような調子の良さを取り戻した人が多いですね。
また、全額返金保証もあるので、もし効果ない？という場合でも返金してもらえる安心感があります。
ちなみに、悪い口コミと良い口コミ、どちらが多いかというと、楽天の口コミを見るとわかりやすいです。
断然、満足した口コミが多いですね。
僕 簡単にですが、最後にヴォルスタービヨンドのメリットとデメリットをまとめておきましょう。
デメリットまとめ 高価な部類のサプリであること 。
（即効性がない口コミもあるが、サプリ全般に言える）
メリットまとめ 大きなカプセ ル4個分の凄い成分量
実質条件なしと言える永久全額返金保証
長く実績がある商品で、口コミも良い
「 う〜ん、ヴォルスタービヨンドを買おうか迷う・・・」という人は、全額返金保証もあるのでお試しされてみては？
ヴォルスタービヨンドはどこで買える？どこに売ってる？1番お得な公式は→
The Fast Finger keyboard was made for people , mainly children , who are not yet comfortable with the QWERTY layout of most keyboards .
It 's also made for people who'd love to use just one button to type TTYL , L8R or BRB .
Advertisement
I saw this keyboard at Toy Fair 2010 in New York City yesterday in one of the aisles that had educational games for kids .
The keys on the Fast Finger keyboard are laid out in alphabetical order , though a press of one button can rewire those keys to work in the standard QWERTY order instead .
As you can see , it 's simply a matter of the keys functioning based on the white characters printed on them or the red ones .
Advertisement
But look at the function keys at the top and you will see that with this keyboard you will no longer need to waste energy making four finger - taps to type ASAP .
Nope .
Just activate the red-letter functionality and you 'll be typing ASAP with the single press of the button formerly known as F1 .
Type F4 and ...
CYA !
Imagine the added convenience to , I do n't know , typing a comment here on Kotaku or chatting with someone in a gaming chatroom .
( I do feel a bit out of the loop in terms of what HOAS and HRU would mean , so I would n't press those buttons . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Here 's a dramatic video pan of the keyboard .
Apologies for the misspeak at the end .
Turns out that the Fast Finger keyboard can be obtained through Amazon , but for a shade over $ 20 , not a shade under .
Advertisement
Click to view
More details at the official Fast Finger Keyboard website .
Iraqi prime minister Nuri al - Maliki 's called for a nationwide recount of votes from the country 's March 7 parliamentary election has been rejected by the country 's electoral authority .
Mr al - Maliki had been warning the country could return to violence if his demand was not met .
The call came after new results from the electoral commission showed on Saturday secularist challenger Iyad Allawi edging ahead of Maliki 's bloc by about 8,000 votes with about 93 per cent of the counting complete .
Iraqi president Jalal Talabani , a Kurd , also issued a statement on Sunday asking the Independent High Electoral Commission for a recount in some provinces .
The tight race portends weeks or months of difficult negotiations ahead to form a new government , raising the prospect of a political vacuum that could set back Iraq 's fragile security gains .
" There are demands from several political blocs to manually recount the votes and to protect the democratic experience and preserve the credibility of the political process , " said Mr Maliki , a Shiite who won over many Iraqis with his nationalist rhetoric and steps to crush sectarian violence .
" I call on the High Electoral Commission to respond immediately to the demands of those blocs to preserve the political stability and prevent the security situation from deteriorating and avoid the return of violence . "
The vote counting process has been dogged by allegations of fraud and irregularities .
But Faraj al - Haidari , the head of the electoral commission , questioned the need for a recount .
" Why should we respond to do a manual counting ?
Why ?
For what reason ? " he said .
" If there is a glitch , they can file a complaint and say there was a glitch in that station .
" They say they want a manual count , but this is up to the commissioners ' board to decide .
We do an accurate electronic count . "
Mr Maliki and Mr Allawi have been locked in a neck - and - neck race and the lead in the popular vote has changed hands several times .
The country 's divided vote is a reminder of its precarious democracy as it emerges from the shadow of war and years of sectarian slaughter unleashed by the 2003 US - led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein .
Violence fell sharply over the past two years but a tenacious insurgency keeps Iraq under siege as US troops prepare to withdraw by 2012 .
- Reuters
Photography from Designing the Automated Office .
Copyright 1984 , Whitney Library of Design .
The relentless evolution of technology moves us inexorably toward a world of total integration .
Today ’s continuing developments in cable , telephone , and telecommunications systems promise a tomorrow where office equipment , people , services , and facilities , whether distributed or centralized , remote or local , are linked together in a global network of instantaneous communications and information transfer .
This set at hi-res on flickr
Unemployment taxes slam businesses
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Employers are getting hit with a massive tax hike at a time when they can least afford it .
Companies in at least 35 states will have to fork over more in unemployment insurance taxes this year , according to the National Association of State Workforce Agencies .
The median increase will be 27.5 % .
And employers in places such as Hawaii and Florida could see levies skyrocket more than ten - fold .
Many of these hikes happened automatically as prolonged joblessness triggered state laws governing their unemployment insurance systems .
But at least seven states voted to raise their taxable wage bases , the level of income subject to unemployment tax .
And another 10 are looking at upping the wage bases or tax rates .
The states are scrambling to restore their unemployment insurance trust funds , which cover claims .
State trust funds have been decimated by the Great Recession , forcing a record 26 states to borrow a total of more than $ 30 billion from the federal government .
The numbers are expected to grow to 40 states borrowing $ 90 billion by 2012 , said George Wentworth , policy analyst at the National Employment Law Project .
" States are going to be facing higher unemployment tax rates for some period of time , " Wentworth said .
In addition , employers pay federal unemployment taxes .
If states do n't repay their federal loans , businesses could see their federal tax go up as well in coming years , said Rich Hobbie , executive director of the National Association of State Workforce Agencies .
Higher taxes , however , dampen employers ' ability to hire new workers , crimping any nascent economic recovery .
Companies pay taxes on each employee on the payroll .
" There 's no doubt it discourages hiring , " said Douglas Holmes , president of UWC - Strategic Services on Unemployment and Workers ' Compensation , an employers ' trade group .
" In fact , it leads to increased unemployment . "
Cognizant of this , some states are looking to soften the blow through legislation that would delay the hikes .
States suffering
Texas is one of the hard - hit states .
Though its unemployment rate is a relatively low 8.3 % , jobless claims have soared .
In December , Texas paid 330,000 residents a total of $ 325.7 million , up from 228,000 people claiming $ 216.8 million a year earlier .
The state began borrowing from the feds in July to pay unemployment benefits and now owes Washington $ 1.6 billion , said Ann Hatchitt , spokeswoman for the Texas Workforce Commission .
So employers in the Lone Star State will have to pay at least $ 64.80 in tax per worker this year , up from $ 23.40 a year ago .
This is the highest rate in 20 years .
" After having a period of high demand on the unemployment trust fund and rising unemployment , we had to set the rates for 2010 to replenish the trust fund , " Hatchitt said .
Employers in some other states could face even steeper hikes , unless their legislatures act quickly .
In Hawaii , taxes automatically increased from an average of $ 90 per worker in 2009 to $ 1,070 this year .
Part of the problem stems from the fact that the state was generous to businesses during prosperous times .
In fact , lawmakers lowered the tax rate in 2007 , when unemployment did not exceed 3.1 % .
The state 's jobless rate now stands at 6.9 % .
Concerned that this hike will crush local businesses , Republican Gov. Linda Lingle is urging lawmakers to limit the increase to 60 % of the proposed hike .
" We believe strongly that anything beyond this 60 % threshold will cause large job losses , " Lingle said last month .
Florida , meanwhile , has increased its minimum payroll tax to $ 100.30 per employee this year , up from $ 8.40 .
About half of the state 's employers pay the minimum .
The state also raised the taxable wage base to $ 8,500 , from $ 7,000 .
When lawmakers approved an increase in unemployment taxes a year ago , they did n't realize what the impact would be , said Rep .
Dave Murzin , who heads the state 's Economic Development & Community Affairs Policy Council .
The state 's unemployment rate was 7.6 % at the end of 2008 , versus 11.8 % in December .
Now that lawmakers see the numbers , they are working to minimize the effect on businesses .
The council plans to take up legislation this week that would restore the taxable wage base level to $ 7,000 and allow companies to pay the tax in installments over the next two years .
This means the Sunshine State 's trust fund wo n't return to solvency until 2015 , instead of 2012 .
But the governor and lawmakers feel this deal will keep more workers on company payrolls .
" It 's still going to be an increase , but it wo n't be as dramatic an increase and it wo n't hit as hard , " Murzin said .
" You tell businesses to pony up and write a big check and that puts more people out of business . "
Washington and other western capitals seem to lack an efficient policy to support Iran 's protest movement .
They wish that the so - called green movement could replace the current military - messianic alliance at the country 's helm with a more reasonable interlocutor that would be amenable to solve Iran 's nuclear dossier , and co-operate in other arenas , chiefly Iraq and Afghanistan .
However , thanks to a number of systemic changes , direct logistical , financial or military assistance cannot be contemplated .
Yet , there is one option that might prove a highly efficient way of supporting the green movement while avoiding any direct entanglement into Iran 's affairs : bombarding the country with high - speed internet access .
The internet is a key element in the events currently unfolding in Iran .
What has been dubbed the " Twitter revolution " makes extensive use of social networking platforms to disseminate the movement 's messages and organise protests .
In a country where fair journalistic reporting has become impossible because of government restrictions , Iran 's citizen - journalists have used internet resources to provide the world with images of government violence .
Similarly , the government seems to be aware of the power of images and information .
One of the pillars of its repressive policy has been media propaganda depicting protesters as vandals and stooges of foreign powers .
In pursuing this policy , the government actively curtails alternative sources of information in the country ( especially the BBC and VOA broadcasts in Persian ) , thoroughly filters sensitive websites used by protesters to communicate ( Facebook , YouTube , Twitter etc ) and reduces internet speed to just about nil to render video streaming or uploading impossible .
It has even moved to ban Gmail .
The technology to overcome this already exists .
Households and businesses in areas with poor infrastructure connect to the internet through satellites .
A Japanese satellite , Kizuna , was launched in 2008 to provide mountainous areas of Japan and other parts of East Asia with the world 's highest - speed internet connection using 45 cm aperture antennas ( the same size as existing communications satellite antennas widely used in Iran ) .
The Japanese intend to expand this project into an international one .
A number of satellites currently covering Iran 's territory can be used to provide internet access .
Indeed , the US army , through private subcontractors , successfully provides its troops in Iraq and Afghanistan ( where infrastructure is poor or inexistent ) with near - high - speed satellite access .
The policy framework for such an endeavour is also in place in the US .
Congress passed a rather secretive bill dubbed the Voice Act ( Victims of Iranian Censorship ) last summer .
Most of its multimillion dollar appropriation has been earmarked " to expand Farsi language broadcasting into Iran " .
However , it involves a $ 20 m budget for the " development of technologies that will enhance the Iranian people 's ability to access and share information ; counter efforts to block , censor , or monitor the internet in Iran ; and engage in internet - based education programmes and other exchanges online " .
President Barack Obama signed the act into law last October , but it is unclear if unrestricted internet access for Iranians is one of Washington 's priorities at the moment .
It should be .
Showering Iran with satellite internet would allow Iranians to efficiently fight the regime 's monopoly over information , further weakening its legitimacy .
This in turn will grow the ranks of the green movement , as more citizens will be able to compare the state media with other sources , and it promises to deepen the rift within the regime itself and among the rank - and - file of the security apparatus .
It will allow the Iranian citizen - journalists to wider circulate images and videos of government violence , and coordinate more efficiently their demonstrations .
This would be an invaluable help for a movement that the government can currently easily hinder with telecommunication cuts in the wake of large demonstrations .
Most importantly , and from a US policy perspective , it would empower Iranians without committing troops or confronting the Iranian regime directly , solving the dilemma of American non-interference .
Complications might , of course , arise .
The Iranian government can crack down on the use of satellite dishes , as it has consistently done in the past , or attempt to jam the signal .
The whole project might prove costly , perhaps cost more than the Voice Act's $ 20 m budget .
But is a cyber war with Tehran 's regime not a more palatable route than the other " options " that remain relentlessly on the table ?
Although it is well established that all behaviors and experiences , spiritual or otherwise , must originate in the brain , information on the causative link between brain activity and spirituality is lacking .
Neuroimaging studies have associated activity within a large network in the brain that connects the frontal , parietal , and temporal cortexes with spiritual experiences , but researchers have been unable to establish a causative relationship between such a network and spirituality .
In order to establish that relationship , researchers studied the personality trait self - transcendence ( ST ) , which is thought to be a measure of spiritual feeling , thinking , and behaviors , in patients before and after surgery to remove a brain tumor .
In a study appearing in Neuron , the team combined analysis of ST scores obtained from brain tumor patients before and after they had surgery to remove their tumor , with advanced techniques for mapping the exact location of the brain lesions after surgery .
" This approach allowed us to explore the possible changes of ST induced by specific brain lesions and the causative role played by frontal , temporal , and parietal structures in supporting interindividual differences in ST , " says researcher Dr. Franco Fabbro from the University of Udine .
Results revealed that selective damage to the left and right posterior parietal regions induced a specific increase in ST .
" Our symptom - lesion mapping study is the first demonstration of a causative link between brain functioning and ST , " says lead author Dr. Urgesi .
" Damage to posterior parietal areas induced unusually fast changes of a stable personality dimension related to transcendental self - referential awareness .
Thus , dysfunctional parietal neural activity may underpin altered spiritual and religious attitudes and behaviors .
" These results may even lead to new strategies for treating some forms of mental illness .
" If a stable personality trait like ST can undergo fast changes as a consequence of brain lesions , it would indicate that at least some personality dimensions may be modified by influencing neural activity in specific areas , " suggests Dr. Salvatore M. Aglioti from Sapienza University of Rome .
" Perhaps novel approaches aimed at modulating neural activity might ultimately pave the way to new treatments of personality disorders . " :
Urgesi et al. , ' The Spiritual Brain : Selective Cortical Lesions Modulate Human Self - Transcendence ' , Neuron , February 2010 , 65 ( 3 ) , 309-319 ; doi : 10.1016/j.neuron.2010.01.026
jug THERMOS , designed by swiss Jörg Boner , made me look .
Thermos is designed as a coffee container for the road , and therefore comes in dimensions that make it fit easily into your pocket .
Two cups go with the 0.5 litre container .
During transport these are secured in place with a elastic band .
When used , the elastic band simply changes function , becoming a handle , while the thermos flask becomes a coffee jug .
Note : Scroll down or click here for a look ahead and weekly summary .
Back in December , the qualification dates for existing tiers of unemployment benefits were extended for an additional two months .
Time is up at the end of February .
Now another extension is needed or millions of workers will lose benefits over the next few months .
The National Employment Law Project ( NELP ) released a new report last week showing that ...
1.2 million jobless workers will become ineligible for federal unemployment benefits in March unless Congress extends the unemployment safety net programs from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) .
By June , this number will swell to nearly 5 million unemployed workers nationally who will be left without any jobless benefits .
...
Currently , 5.6 million people are accessing one of the federal extensions ( 34 - 53 weeks of Emergency Unemployment Compensation ; 13 - 20 weeks of Extended Benefits , a program normally funded 50 percent by the states ) .
Of the almost 1.2 million workers facing a cut off of benefits in March alone :
380,000 workers will exhaust their 26 weeks of state benefits without accessing the temporary EUC extension program or the permanent federal program of Extended Benefits .
Another 814,000 workers will not be eligible to continue receiving EUC past their current tier of benefits .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Like Bill Clinton , she dallied with someone who looked up to her as a mentor .
As with the Appalachian Trail - walker Mark Sanford , her lover was a “ family friend . ”
As with John Edwards and Tiger Woods , there was money involved , and advisers were trusted to serve as intermediaries .
Like Larry Craig , who voted consistently against gay rights before being accused of soliciting sex in an airport men ’s room , Robinson described homosexuality as even worse than “ sexually abusing innocent children , ” even while she was sleeping with a teenager .
Yet any attempt to paint these similarities as a perverse sort of victory — women are every bit as unfaithful and hypocritical as men ! — quickly runs up against the more important differences .
What happened after the Robinson news broke tells us much about the stricter standards , more rigid labels and stereotyped judgments we apply to women .
In all the millions of words written about dozens of cheating male leaders , for instance , very few were devoted to puzzling over what might seem a relevant question :
Why would a young woman want to sleep with a much older man ?
Yet it ’s this age difference that is seen as most titillating about the Robinson scandal .
Whether you find the idea of a woman with a man 40 years her junior unnatural or empowering , that thinking is based on the assumption that men remain attractive as they gain in clout and in years while women do not .
Monica Lewinsky was 22 when she began her affair with the president ( only a few years older than Mrs. R. ’s barista , Kirk McCambley ) , but the age difference was well down on the list of facts that kept critics and comedians so busy .
Can you imagine the reaction if Hillary had been sleeping with a man that same age ?
Or Nancy Pelosi ?
Image Credit ...
Source : Rasmussen Reports , June 2009
The aftermath of the Robinson affair is also distinguished for its depth of self - flagellation .
There was no pro forma press conference , with its boilerplate mea culpas and its winking undercurrent of a man strutting his stuff .
While Robinson ’s husband has said he supports her , there were certainly no visuals of him standing demurely , in the cuckolded - husband equivalent of sweater set and pearls , by her side .
There was a written statement instead , filled with anguish and self - loathing .
True , Sanford got all mushy about his “ soul mate , ” and Edwards admitted to an outsize ego , but only Robinson went on about her aberrant behavior , revealing “ severe bouts of depression which altered my mood and personality ” and which caused her “ to see plots where none existed . ”
Then she described attempting suicide when her husband found out .
It ’s hard not to watch the Robinson fallout and get the message :
Men who cheat are weak , while women who cheat are out of their minds .
Sharon Kiernan , CEO for SENTRY
Wireless told us about their new anti spam software for mobile phones .
It would seem that the wave of spam emails that has been inundating our email boxes for the past years is now moving into our mobile phones through messages .
The wave has hit hard the Far East which is where this software will be available in March , and slowly but surely we will start seeing it available in others markets throughout the course of 2010 .
The software allows users to report spam to their mobile operator , who in turn will ensure they do not receive any more messages from that sender and will also help the operator build a profile on spam senders .
This very useful software was a finalist for an award at the Mobile World Congress 2010 held in Barcelona .
Heinrich von Kleist ( 1777 - 1811 ) only wrote eight stories , but they are among the glories of German , and world , literature .
The best known to American readers is almost certainly the novella - length “ Michael Kohlhaas , ” in large part because E. L. Doctorow borrowed from it for the Coalhouse Walker portions of his novel Ragtime .
As usual , Kleist hooks the reader with his very first sentence :
Toward the middle of the sixteenth century , there lived on the banks of the Havel a horse dealer by the name of Michael Kohlhaas , the son of a schoolmaster , one of the most upright and at the same time one of the most terrible men of his day .
That objective , dispassionate tone — it is , in effect , the style of epic — persists throughout this thrilling tale of a scrupulously just man who , repeatedly wronged by the corrupt and powerful , finally takes up the sword and the firebrand .
Before Michael Kohlhaas is through , castles will be burned to the ground , cities ravaged , and strange Gypsy fortunes fulfilled .
Just to stop this righteous vigilante will eventually require nothing less than the combined efforts of the Electors of Brandenburg and Saxony , the theologian Martin Luther , and the Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire himself .
To Thomas Mann “ Michael Kohlhaas ” was not only “ magnificent , ” but also “ perhaps the strongest of all German stories . ”
( I ca n’t help but wonder if the great novelist added “ perhaps ” because of his own “ Death in Venice . ” )
However , according to the scholar Anthony Stephens , Kleist ’s “ The Earthquake in Chile , ” has attracted “ more critical exegesis than any other prose narrative of comparable length in German literature . ”
With the dramatic structure of a three - act play , it takes up its author ’s favorite theme — how easily one may be mistaken about actions , people , or the meaning of narratives and events :
In Santiago , the capital of the kingdom of Chile , at the very moment of the great earthquake of 1647 in which many thousands of lives were lost , a young Spaniard by the name of Jeronimo Rugera , who had been locked up on a criminal charge , was standing against a prison pillar , about to hang himself .
Note how Kleist ’s sentence moves from the general to the particular , as he gradually , almost cinematically zeroes in on the despairing Jeronimo .
From here , there unfolds a tale of sincere but illicit love , one that begins with the discovery of a pregnant novice in a convent , evolves into a brief Rousseauian idyll , and ends with a scene of Dionysiac religious madness .
If “ Michael Kohlhaas ” sometimes reads like a miniaturized Count of Monte Cristo in that we can’t help but approve of its bloody avenger - hero , “ The Earthquake in Chile ” belongs to the category of the “ conte cruel , ” containing elements of both Ambrose Bierce ’s “ An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge ” and Villiers de l’Isle - Adam ’s “ The Torture by Hope . ”
To what category , though , should one assign “ The Marquise of O– “ ?
Despite a rape , a near murder , and a scene of virtual incest , this wonderful story is essentially a comedy of manners .
Once again , Kleist opens with an amazing sentence , elaborate in syntax and deadpan in tone :
In M— , a large town in northern Italy , the widowed Marquise of O– , a lady of unblemished reputation and the mother of several well - bred children , published the following notice in the newspapers : that , without her knowing how , she was in the family way ; that she would like the father of the child she was going to bear to report himself ; and that her mind was made up , out of consideration for her people , to marry him .
There , in utero , is the plot .
But exactly how and when did the lovely Marquise become pregnant ?
She herself has no clue .
As in an Agatha Christie whodunit , it turns out that the act occurs in the caesura between two sentences , though the identity of her sexual assailant is hardly a mystery to the attentive reader .
More disturbing are the reactions of the Marquise ’s father when he believes his still - young daughter has besmirched her virtuous widowhood by taking a secret lover .
First , this domineering military officer erupts in irrational violence , then he brutally flings the Marquise to the floor and finally he seizes a pistol and tries to shoot her dead .
Yet even this rage pales beside the pair ’s far more unsettling reconciliation .
The Marquise ’s mother describes the scene :
Laying her ear against the door , she discerned a soft fading whisper that seemed to be coming from the marquise ; and peeking through the keyhole , Madame von G. . . . observed her daughter seated on the commandant ’s lap , which he had never before allowed .
Finally , opening the door , her heart leapt for joy at the sight of her daughter lying with her neck flung back and eyes shut tight in her father ’s arms , while he , in his armchair , his eyes full of glimmering tears , pressed long , hot , parched kisses on her mouth , just like a lover !
The daughter said nothing , he said nothing ; he sat with his gaze bent over her , as though over the first love of his life , and pressed a comforting finger against her mouth and gently kissed her .
. . . in unspeakable bliss .
As usual , Kleist overturns the conventions , this time with a tableau that amalgamates the religious and the erotic .
Likened to lovers , father and daughter are simultaneously a reversed Pietà .
Such frissons of the transgressive appear repeatedly throughout the German writer ’s so - called “ moral tales . ”
For instance , in “ The Foundling , ” a woman removes her clothes each night while sighing in ecstasy before the portrait of a handsome young man .
She is then later assaulted by an adopted stepson dressed as the figure in the painting .
As “ The Marquise of O– ” stresses , even the most angelic may succumb to devilish impulses .
That devil - angel dichotomy is made particularly emphatic in “ The Betrothal in Santo Domingo . ”
Once again Kleist shows the dire consequences of misreading a situation , of failing to trust in the beloved , despite appearances .
He does this in the most black and white way possible , in a tale of racial violence and tragic passion .
Set at the beginning of the 19th century during the revolution on Haiti , “ The Betrothal in Santo Domingo ” will be for many readers Kleist ’s most disturbing story .
A former slave named Congo Hoango has murdered his master and become the leader of a brutal gang devoted to exterminating the whites .
To this end , Congo Hoango employs his elderly mulatto mistress Babekan and her alluring mestizo daughter Toni to trap unsuspecting Frenchmen .
Beguiled by the luscious Toni , the men let down their guard and are then set upon by Congo and his band .
One night , though , a handsome Swiss appears when Congo is away .
Gustav soon captures
Toni ’s affections with a sad tale of heroic self - sacrifice — and immediately seizes the opportunity to have his way with her .
From that point on , the young woman feels herself betrothed and immediately alters her allegiance , now denying her negritude and identifying with the race of her beloved .
But she keeps her change of heart a secret from everyone , especially when Congo Hoango unexpectedly returns .
To save Gustav from certain death , Toni acts with dispatch and cleverness , but in such a way that her intentions are readily misconstrued .
Like “ The Earthquake in Chile , ” this is a tale of multiple ironies and terrible disaster .
Kleist ’s ironies are , of course , what make his fiction so appealing to modern sensibilities .
By contrast , the writer ’s attractively doomed and abbreviated life is nothing if not Romantic .
The scion of an old Prussian military family , Kleist was by all accounts nervous and maladroit in society , hypochondriacal , a restless traveler , deeply ambitious ( he hoped to unseat Goethe as the leading German author ) , and , ultimately , a suicide at 34 .
Reading Kant , he explained , had undermined his faith in Enlightenment reason , and most of his life was as unsettled as the Napoleonic era he lived through .
Thus , while Kleist writes with surprising frankness about the darker reaches of eros , his own sexuality remains enigmatic .
Before breaking off his engagement to a suitable young woman , his letters allude to some kind of mysterious impairment to happiness ; later he flirts seriously with a cousin old enough to be his mother .
Even more seriously , he seems to have suggested double - suicide to more than one female acquaintance — and eventually found in the cancer - ridden Henriette Vogel the partner he was looking for .
He shot her , then himself .
When writing to his sister , to whom he was extremely close , Kleist regularly enjoyed posing philosophical conundrums , such as “ Which is preferable : to have been happy briefly or never to have been happy at all ? ”
In a similar vein , his stories examine myriad forms of betrayal — by loved ones , by the law , and even by God .
Those I have n’t already discussed include a ghostly tale , “ The Beggarwoman of Locarno ” ; a savage account of misplaced trust that reads like something out of Boccaccio ( “ The Foundling ” ) ; a medieval legend that shows that the wheels of God ’s justice sometimes grind slow but exceedingly fine ( “ The Duel ” ) ; and “ Saint Cecilia , or the Power of Music , ” in which four brothers , intent on disrupting a Catholic church service , suffer a terrifying transformation .
Among 19th - century writers , Kleist sometimes resembles Prosper Mérimée , with whom he shared a cool , exacting prose style , an interest in history , and a penchant for plots built around revenge and the supernatural .
Among moderns , he periodically calls to mind Isak Dinesen , some of whose “ gothic tales ” and “ winter ’s tales ” might have been his .
But his greatest disciple is undoubtedly Franz Kafka , whose fables of uncertain identity and bureaucratic horror take the Kleistian sensibility to its limits .
Indeed , Kafka once wrote that he counted Kleist “ one of the four men I consider to be my true blood - relations . ”
( The others were the Austrian playwright Franz Grillparzer , Dostoevsky , and Flaubert . )
Given the excellence of Heinrich von Kleist ’s fiction , it is surprising to realize that he was arguably an even finer verse dramatist .
The Broken Pitcher is one of the best comedies in German , while Penthisilea possesses the archaic and hallucinatory power of Euripides ’ Bacchae .
It charts the tragic passion that springs up at Troy between two enemy warriors , the Greek hero Achilles and Penthisilea , the Queen of the Amazons .
His last play , The Prince of Homburg , may even be Kleist ’s single greatest work :
In it , the eponymous hero wins an important battle by ignoring a command , only to find himself condemned to death for disobeying orders .
Near the end , as he awaits execution , the Prince is given a carnation and responds , with typical graciousness : “ How kind of you .
When I go home I ’ll see it ’s put in water . ”
There are several collections of Kleist ’s prose available .
I myself first fell in love with the stories in Martin Greenberg ’s 1960 edition , and I cite his version in my three opening quotes .
Greenberg later translated five of the plays in 1988 .
In the ever- reliable Penguin Classics , David Luke and Nigel Reeves claim to correct some of Greenberg ’s errors while preserving his “ frequent felicities . ”
The most substantial one - volume collection is Selected Writings of Heinrich von Kleist , edited and translated by David Constantine ; it includes the three aforementioned plays , all the stories , a selection of anecdotes and letters , and three essays .
Finally , there ’s a handy sampler , published just this month : Selected Prose of Heinrich von Kleist , translated by Peter Wortsman .
It appears as a welcome addition to the fine Archipelago series ( though far too many typos slipped by its copy editor ) .
I quote its version of the incest - scene in “ The Marquise of O — . ”
The squarish paperback includes five stories , a couple of fragments , and two essays , “ On the Gradual Formation of Thoughts While Speaking ” and the celebrated “ On the Theater of the Marionettes . ”
In this last , Kleist reflects on how natural grace is only possible to those with an undivided nature , i.e. , those “ devoid of consciousness , ” like animals , or those that “ possess an infinite consciousness , such as in the jointed manikin or the god . ”
Like other romantics , Kleist would certainly agree with Dostoevsky ’s Underground Man : too much consciousness is a disease , a positive disease .
Fifty years ago , Martin Greenberg tried to determine the particular quality that gives Kleist his startling modernity .
He pointed , finally , to “ the questionableness at the heart of his world , the almost diabolical ambiguity of its atmosphere , the way things tremble and shift and make one wonder if they are what they seem . ”
In essence , Kleist consistently subverts our expectations .
Like the earthquake in Chile , his fiction causes the apparently solid ground beneath our feet to shudder , crack , and , finally , give way .
Census : They Ca n’t Move Forward Until We Send it Back …
… But why would we want those people to move forward , anyway ?
You ’ve almost certainly seen the pro-census agitprop at every commercial break , telling us “ We ca n’t move forward until you send it back . ”
You ’ve probably seen the one , in particular , informing us that “ we all ” ca n’t know what “ we ” need without a census .
Typical PSA , of course : lame , patronizingi attempt at “ coolness , ” including a sanitized hip - hop beat with what sounds like vocals by Up With People !
It ranks right up there with the RIAA ’s anti-“ songlifting ” propaganda and “ Be cool–stay in school ! ” for unintentional hilarity , to anyone whose brain has n’t already been destroyed by public education and TV .
The question is , who ’s “ we ” ?
Are they carrying a friend in their pocket ?
And golly , what if “ we ” really ca n’t get all the things “ we ” need ?
What if the local cops do n’t get their share of funding for kevlar vests and tasers , so they ca n’t knock as many doors down in the middle of the night ( and maybe kill someone like Katherine Johnson in “ self - defense ” ) who ’ve never committed an act of aggression in their lives ?
What if “ we ” ca n’t get “ our ” fair share of corporate welfare for the real estate developers ?
What if “ we ” ca n’t get our new subsidized freeway project that benefits the usual suspects ( where I live it ’s those same real estate developers , plus Tyson , Wal - Mart and J.B. Hunt ) ?
The horror !
You ’ll also notice , in the same agitprop , assurances that the form is “ completely confidential . ”
Sure .
Tell it to the Japanese - Americans who were rounded up in 1942 , in part , thanks to the kindly assistance of the Census Bureau ’s sharing results of the 1940 census .
Your mama probably taught you years ago that anybody who buys something on the word of the person who wants to sell it to them is a damn fool .
And this applies to government as much as anyone else .
History is littered with the bodies of formerly free peoples who accepted government ’s promises of how it would use the powers granted it .
I do n’t encourage anyone to evade the census if it entails any serious risk or hassle — but if you can do so without either , then more power to you !
I somehow managed to miss the census last time around ( much to my chagrin ) , but this time I may not be so unlucky .
You see a lot of helpful information out there about the penalties for census evasion — and more power to them , of course ! — but unfortunately , deliberate census evasion is almost impossible to prove .
Maybe you did n’t get the form , maybe you went out for a walk and left the car in your driveway , maybe you ’re just hard of hearing and did n’t notice those good folks hammering on your door .
So it ’s a good thing so many people are unaware that all those goodies for the local jackboots and corporate welfare piggies depend on a system that ’s almost entirely impossible to enforce !
Also , just out of academic curiosity , I sort of wonder what the reaction would be at the Census Bureau and in the media if the Bureau got a barrage of anonymous letters ( with copies sent to major press outlets ) from people claiming to have filled in the wrong number of people in their house , or falsifying all the answers on the Long Form .
Why , that would completely undermine public confidence in the validity of the numbers the Bureau winds up crunching !
What ’s worse , anyone scurrilous enough to do such a dastardly deed might send in numerous such letters , and nobody would be the wiser !
I sure hope nobody does anything like that , because it would really screw things up for the government .
only when the primary balance becomes positive that default would become a potential way to solve cash flow problems of the Greek government
The Greek bond panic has been driven by two concerns : either that Greece will exit the euro and try to convert their euro bonds into " New Drachmas " ( or whatever the reintroduced Greek national currency would be called ) .
Or that Greece will default on its debt ( and it is assumed , not repay their debts in full later ) .
I 've already discussed why the euro area exit option is not realistic .
What about the default option ?
Is that realistic ?
It is possible , of course , but it is highly unlikely .
And it is not an option with regard to escaping the necessary fiscal austerity measures .
Assume that Greece would default on its debt , and thus in effect say " screw you " to its creditors .
Just who would then lend to them ?
I do n't think anyone would , so Greece at that point would be cut off from debt markets ( and also face massive law suits from creditors ) .
While Greece would n't have to pay interest or refinance bonds that reached maturity if it defaulted , it would still have a very large budget deficit , which would need to be covered by borrowing money .
But if Greece defaulted , that window would be closed .
If Greece defaulted , it would in other words have to reduce its primary deficit ( excluding interest payments ) to zero immediately , which would require far more radical austerity measures than have already been proposed and implemented .
It is .
But that will likely not happen until at least two or three years from now , and since default would even then be associated with severe negative consequences and since the panic by that time will likely have been subsided , there is no reason to assume it will happen even then .
Illustrating again why the current panic about Greece is largely irrational .
While neither member of the trio hit the scoresheet , the line of David Desharnais , Brock Trotter and Ryan White made quite a first impression upon Canadiens fans at the Bell Centre on Saturday in the win against Pittsbugh .
Factually , two of the three the freshly called up Bulldogs players were not making their Montreal debut , as White had been in the lineup in midseason for a 12 game stretch and Desharnais made his NHL debut against the same Penguins on November 25 , 2009 .
However , it is in fact quite rare in Canadiens history that one intact trio are called up for a game .
The one such previous occasion that can be pointed to occurred some 68 seasons ago when the Montreal Royals " Razzle Dazzle Line " of Buddy O'Connor , Gerry Hefferman and Pete Morin were brought up en masse to the Forum in 1941 - 42 .
The line wore numbers 20 , 21 , and 22 and had been together with the Royals for five seasons .
Not under professional contract to the Canadiens , all three put their signatures on a Habs form on November 28 , 1941 .
With the Canadiens sputtering offensively early that season , their callup yielded 24 - 43 - 67 totals to the team , and they appeared as a trio for 31 games before Morin was injured and the line was broken up .
Those would be the only games Morin would play for Montreal .
The following season , with World War II activity brewing , Morin enlisted and was on duty with a Montreal army munitions plant that employed several Canadiens players who did not enlist .
Morin played one season with Montreal RCAF and another with Lachine RCAF Alouettes before being returned to the Royals for the 1945 - 46 season .
Morin passed away on January 5 , 2000 at the age of 84 .
Pete Morin stats
Hefferman 's career fared a little better than Morin's .
After totalling 5 goals and 15 assists with Montreal in 1941 - 42 , he was returned to the Royals the following season .
A late season playoff callup , he appeared in two games for the Canadiens in the post season , and stuck around for the entire 1943 - 44 season , helping the Habs end a thirteen year Stanley Cup drought by posting 28 goals and 20 assists in 48 games .
Inexplicably , he did not make the team in 1944 - 45 and returned for two final seasons with the Royals .
Gerry Hefferman was one of the oldest living former Canadiens when he passed away from pneumonia at age 90 in a San Francisco hospice in 2007 .
Gerry Hefferman stats
Of the three , it could be said that O' Connor was the real deal .
He put in six solid seasons with the Canadiens before being dealt to the New York Rangers in 1947 .
It was thought at the time that O ' Connor 's skills were on the decline , but he proved several opinions wrong on that count .
On August 19 , 1947 , O ' Connor and Frank Eddolls were sent to the Rangers were Hal Laycoe , Joe Bell and Earl Roberston , and the trade was not a popular one with Canadiens fans .
O' Connor responded with a career year of 24 goals and 36 assists in 60 games , finishing one point behind the Canadiens Elmer Lach for the scoring title .
At years end , he was named the Second Team All - Star center and winner of both the Hart and Lady Byng trophies .
He was inducted into the Hockey Hall Of Fame in 1988 .
He passed away on August 24 , 1977 at the age of 61 .
Buddy O' Connor stats
It ’s a scene classically reminiscent of Cold War days or a Tom Clancy novel from the same : two weeks ago , Royal Air Force Tornados shadowed a pair of Russian Tu-160 Blackjack heavy bombers as they penetrated British airspace and nonchalantly cruised over the Scottish isles .
RAF officials released photos of the intercept today .
Apparently , the Russians have been doing quite a bit of this over the past year .
“ People may be surprised to know our crews have successfully scrambled to intercept Russian aircraft on more than 20 occasions since the start of 2009 , ” said RAF Wing Commander Mark Gorringe .
The Russian bombers turned around just short of the coast of Ireland .
The story quotes an unnamed British source saying the Blackjack sorties are an example of Russian saber - rattling .
An article in UK ’s Daily Express cites a more practical concern : a midair collision between the unannounced visiting bombers and civilian airliners in the crowded skies above the North Atlantic .
— Greg
Ah , New Scientist always jumps gleefully on any idea that combines the words “ Darwin ” and “ wrong . ”
Remember their “ Darwin was wrong ” cover a year ago ?
Well , they ’ve befouled themselves again , this time by publishing , without any critical comment , a piece by Jerry Fodor and Massimo Piattelli - Palmarini that is a precis of their upcoming book , What Darwin Got Wrong .
I ’ve intimated before that this book is not exactly God ’s gift to the scientific literature , and will save my comments for an upcoming review .
But if you want to see the gist of their argument without having to waste $ $ on their book , the New Scientist article is the place to go .
Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini ’s beef : natural selection , which they find logically flawed and empirically unsupported .
Their conclusion :
However , the internal evidence to back this imperialistic selectionism strikes us as very thin .
Its credibility depends largely on the reflected glamour of natural selection which biology proper is said to legitimise .
Accordingly , if natural selection disappears from biology , its offshoots in other fields seem likely to disappear as well .
This is an outcome much to be desired since , more often than not , these offshoots have proved to be not just post hoc but ad hoc , crude , reductionist , scientistic rather than scientific , shamelessly self - congratulatory , and so wanting in detail that they are bound to accommodate the data , however that data may turn out .
So it really does matter whether natural selection is true .
Fodor , at least , has made a career out of this kind of rhetoric , but as you ’ll see from my forthcoming review ( and already saw from my critique of his ideas in The London Review of Books ) , this time his rhetoric is like that of the Wizard of Oz : he ’s the little man behind the curtain with a big voice but not much insight .
Read the comments , too — there are lots of them , nearly all critical .
This is only the beginning of the drubbing that Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini should expect when their book is judged by scientists and philosophers .
Oh , and shame on New Scientist for printing such misguided puffery .
What ’s next — articles by Ken Ham and Bill Dembski ?
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , February 9 , 2010
Claims on behalf of authorities that naked body scanner images are immediately destroyed after passengers pass through new x-ray backscatter devices have been proven fraudulent after it was revealed that naked images of Indian film star Shahrukh Khan were printed out and circulated by airport staff at Heathrow in London .
UK Transport Secretary Lord Adonis said last week that the images produced by the scanners were deleted “ immediately ” and airport staff carrying out the procedure are fully trained and supervised .
“ It is very important to stress that the images which are captured by body scanners are immediately deleted after the passenger has gone through the body scanner , ” Adonis told the London Evening Standard .
Adonis was forced to address privacy concerns following reports that the images produced by the scanners broke child pornography laws in the UK .
When the scanners were first introduced , it was also speculated that images of famous people would be ripe for abuse as the pictures produced by the devices make genitals “ eerily visible ” according to journalists who have investigated trials of the technology .
[ efoods ]
However , the Transport Secretary ’s assurances were demolished after it was revealed on the BBC ’s Jonathan Ross show Friday that Indian actor Shahrukh Khan had passed through a body scan and later had the image of his naked body printed out and circulated by Heathrow security staff .
“ I was in London recently going through the airport and these new machines have come up , the body scans .
You ’ve got to see them .
It makes you embarrassed – if you ’re not well endowed , ” said Khan , referring to how the scans produce clear images of a person ’s genitals .
“ You walk into the machine and everything – the whole outline of your body – comes out , ” he said .
“ I was a little scared .
Something happens [ inside the scans ] , and I came out .
Then I saw these girls – they had these printouts .
I looked at them .
I thought they were some forms you had to fill .
I said ‘ give them to me ’ – and you could see everything inside .
So I autographed them for them , ” stated Khan .
The story was carried by Yahoo News under the headline “ Shah Rukh signs off sexy body - scan printouts at Heathrow ” .
Khan ’s reference to “ girls ” with printouts of his naked body scan can only refer to female airport security staff responsible for processing the images produced by the scanners , “ professionals ” who are supposed to instantly delete the images , according to Lord Adonis .
The revelation that airport security staff are completely abusing any notion of the professionalism promised by authorities by printing out and circulating images of naked body scans should set alarm bells ringing , especially in light of the fact that such images of minors break child pornography laws .
British authorities have made it mandatory for travelers to submit to the naked body scanners when asked and have overturned previous rules that prevented under 18 ’s from passing through the devices .
Within days of the devices being introduced at Heathrow , staff have abused their professionalism and printed out naked scans of a famous actor for their own titillation .
We were promised all along that the body scanners “ increased privacy ” because they were only accessible to a single staff member who had no personal contact with the passenger taking the scan , in addition to the assurance that the images could not be saved and were instantly deleted .
It in fact turns out that airport staff have been saving , printing and circulating naked body scans in complete violation of these supposed guarantees .
Furthermore , we were told that the identity of the person undergoing the virtual strip search would also be kept private .
The fact that Heathrow employees must have known that the actor was about to take the body scan in order to print out copies of the image also proves this claim to be a total fallacy .
The abuse of the naked body scan images in this instance is a total violation of every data protection law in the UK .
Far from treating the story in a comical manner , Khan should be filing a very expensive lawsuit and preparing for a successful and lucrative outcome .
In the meantime , the revelation that the naked body scanner images are being freely printed out and circulated by airport security staff should prove to be the death knell for plans on behalf of governments worldwide to institute the scanners on a widespread basis .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
@@flash_movie@@uspalin3^@@/flash_movie@@
MAKING a virtue of a necessity , Barack Obama has talked endlessly in recent weeks about the wonders of bipartisanship .
He has to , now that the Republicans ' capture of Ted Kennedy 's old seat in the Senate last month has deprived the Democrats of the supermajority they were banking on in order to enact much of their legislative programme .
Mr Obama has invited congressional leaders from both parties to a summit on health reform at the end of the month .
And on February 9th he appealed for both sides to transcend “ petty politics ” and reach for compromise .
Will they ?
Democrats and Republicans pay lip service to bipartisanship all the time .
But the Republicans have two good reasons not to heed the president 's plea right now .
The first reason is that it suits them nicely to keep the Democrats in Congress floundering as November 's mid-term election approaches .
The second reason is the tea -party movement .
A year ago this movement did not exist .
Now it is by some accounts the most potent force in American politics .
So when the “ Tea Party Nation ” began its first national convention in Nashville , Tennessee , on February 4th , Republicans paid particular attention .
The event 's grand finale was a tirade against Barack Obama by the movement 's unofficial patron saint , Sarah Palin , who now says that she might run for president in 2012 .
But although the former governor and self - described “ hockey mom ” from Alaska captured the headlines , she was shrewd enough not to claim leadership of a movement that is suspicious of leaders .
The bigger message to the Republicans from Nashville was this : whatever else they may or may not stand for , tea-partiers do not want to see Republicans making compromises in Washington .
Even after a long weekend of speeches and workshops in Nashville , the precise composition , aims and ideology of this movement remain hard to pin down .
That is because the tea-party is precisely what its supporters say it is : not an artificial “ Astroturf ” creation of the Republican Party , but a genuine grassroots movement , highly decentralised and composed of many people who have not participated in politics before .
They have no agreed platform and no unified national organisation : the Tea Party Nation is itself only one of many tea-party organisations that have sprung up spontaneously around America .
These people are learning their trade , honing their tactics and defining their politics as they go along .
One thing that became clear in Nashville however was that the 600 or so solid conservative types , mostly middle - aged and many of them women , who shelled out $ 549 for a ticket to attend were not interested in minor modifications of Mr Obama 's health plan , budget or cap - and - trade legislation .
As a name that harks back to the Boston Tea Party suggests , they see themselves as revolutionaries , or counter - revolutionaries .
They want to “ take back ” an America which they say has been going wrong for generations as successive administrations have bloated the federal government and trampled on the constitution and the rights of states and individuals .
Many of those attending said that Mr Obama 's election and big- spending , deficit - expanding first year had been a sort of negative epiphany .
“ Suddenly I 'm awake , ” said Kathleen Gotto from Colorado Springs , who had not previously been involved in politics .
Tom Tancredo , a former congressman and presidential candidate from Colorado , caught the mood and earned thunderous applause for thanking God that Mr Obama had defeated John McCain in 2008 .
Had Mr McCain won , America would have continued the long drift to the left that set in with Franklin Roosevelt .
For decades , he said , Americans had been like the proverbial frog , boiling unawares by slow degrees in the cauldron of the nanny state .
But when voters who could “ not even spell the word ‘ vote ' or say it in English ” put that “ socialist ideologue ” , Barack Hussein ( Mr Tancredo's emphasis ) Obama , into the White House , he turned the heat up so high that voters at last woke up to what was happening and started to jump out of the cauldron .
If the tea -party movement confined itself to venting steam in speeches , it might not present such a potent challenge to established politics .
But it can mobilise big numbers : tens of thousands of supporters ( tea - partiers claim a million or so ) rallied in Washington , DC , last September .
And now it is moving beyond rallies to a hard focus on elections .
Much of the Nashville event was devoted to teaching the fired - up newbies practical skills , such as using Facebook and Twitter to spread the word , raise money and get out the vote so that “ true conservatives ” could challenge Democrats and RINOs ( Republicans In Name Only ) in local elections and primaries .
The organisers promised to set up a political action committee to recruit and support candidates who would champion fiscal responsibility , lower taxes , smaller government and national security .
Tea - partiers have already claimed scalps .
They forced a moderate Republican out of the race for New York 's 23rd congressional district last year ( though the perverse result was that this allowed a Democrat to win in a normally safe Republican seat ) , and claim the credit for electing Scott Brown last month in Massachusetts .
Plainly , any congressional Republican tempted to betray the counter - revolution by heeding Mr Obama 's calls for compromise would be a prime target for attack .
But if it is dangerous for Republicans to antagonise the tea- partiers , is it also dangerous to flirt with them ?
For all the talk about practical electioneering , some of those in Nashville teetered on the edge of the extreme and wacky .
Thus the newly awakened Ms Gotto said she was researching Mr Obama 's family records for evidence that he was not eligible to be president .
Mr Tancredo denounced the “ cult of multiculturalism ” and accused immigrants of swamping America 's Judeo - Christian values .
“ This is our country , ” he declared to wild cheers , “ Take it back ! ” Andrew Breitbart , the founder of a news site ( Breitbart.com ) , railed in a speech against the hostile “ mainstream media ” in hock to the far left .
At one point he had almost the entire audience on its feet , turned to the reporters and cameramen at the back of the room , pumping fists and yelling “ USA , USA ” .
Such displays may fire up angry conservatives , but they are also in danger of repelling voters in the centre .
Republicans ignore tea- partiers at their peril .
Embracing them may be no less dangerous .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
On Thursday , the California Occupational Safety and Health Standards Board voted to set up a committee to examine whether condoms should be required on all pornographic film shoots within the Golden State .
California has run out of money , but it has n’t yet run out of things to regulate .
For a government regulatory hearing , the testimony was livelier than usual .
Porn star Madelyne Hernandez recalled an especially grueling scene in which she had been obliged to have sex with 75 men .
The bureaucrats nodded thoughtfully , no doubt contemplating another languorous 18 - month committee assignment looking into capping the number of group - sex participants at 60 per scene .
In the future , if a porn actress finds 75 men waiting for her on the set , they ’ll be bureaucrats from Sacramento ’s Condom Enforcement Squad .
The committee also will make recommendations on whether the “ adult ” movie industry should be subject to the same regulatory regime and hygiene procedures as hospitals and doctors ’ surgeries .
You mean with everyone in surgical masks ?
Kinky .
If you ’ve ever been in the filthy , infected wards of Britain ’s National Health Service , it may make more sense after the passage of Obamacare to require hospitals to bring themselves up to the same hygiene standards as the average Bangkok porn shoot .
One can make arguments for permitting porn and banning porn , but there is n’t a lot to be said for the bureaucratization of porn .
Hard to believe there will be dull , bespoke California bureaucrats looking forward to early retirement on gold - plated pensions who ’ll be getting home , sinking into the La - Z - Boy and complaining to the missus about a tough day at the office working on the permits for “ Debbie Does the Fresno OSHA Office . ”
Meanwhile , Obamacare will result in the creation of at least 16,500 new jobs .
Doctors ?
Nurses ?
Dream on , suckers .
That ’s 16,500 new Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) agents , who ’ll be needed to check whether you - yes , you , Mr. and Mrs. Hopendope of 27 Hopeychangey Gardens - are in compliance with the 15 tax increases and dozens of new federal mandates the Deemocrats are about to “ deem ” into existence .
This will be the biggest expansion of the IRS since World War II - and that ’s change you can believe in .
This is what “ health ” “ care ” “ reform ” boils down to : Fewer doctors , longer wait times but more bureaucrats .
And , when you walk into the Health Care Enforcement Division of the IRS , the staffing levels will make Ms. Hernandez ’s group - sex scene look like a one - man play off - off - off - Broadway .
Barack Obama , a man who not so long ago had time to jet across the world to make dreary Olympics - losing speeches about how his kind of town , Chicago , is , has postponed his presidential visits to Indonesia and Australia in order to make sure “ health care ” passes this week - or , at any rate , is “ deemed ” to have passed , which is apparently the way a quarter - millennium - old constitutional republic does things .
The president , his press secretary informs us , regrets having to postpone his trip for three months , but “ passage of the health insurance reform is of paramount importance . ”
Whereas Australia is n’t .
The visit already had been pared back to the bare minimum - a quick refueling stop in Canberra , with a speech to Parliament and a grip ‘ n ’ greet with the governor - general and the prime minister .
Maybe the administration could simply “ deem ” the visit to have occurred , Photoshop a souvenir snapshot and stick it in the mail to their eminences .
In much the same way , the Deemocrats are deeming their health bill to control costs rather than actually controlling them .
Medicare does n’t reimburse doctors for the cost of treating the patient ; it reimburses what the bureaucracy “ deems ” it to have cost .
In a deemocracy , this works .
In real life , it ’s more problematic .
Investor ’s Business Daily argues that the “ health ” debate is really a proxy fight on the size and role of government .
According to its poll , 64 percent of people think the federal government has “ too much power . ” Correct .
But a big chunk of that 64 percent voted less than 18 months ago for a man and a party explicitly committed to more government with more power , and they ’re living with the consequences .
Mr. Obama is government , and government is Mr. Obama .
That ’s all he knows and all he ’s ever known .
You elected to the highest office in the land a man who has never run a business or created wealth or made a payroll and for his entire adult life has hung out with guys who have demonized ( deemonized ) such grubby activities .
Many of those associates he appointed to high office : Mr. Obama ’s Cabinet has less experience of private business than any in the last century .
What it knows is government , and government ’s default mode is to grow and grow .
California is bankrupt :
The dependent class and the government class that issues the checks to the dependent class have squeezed out the poor boobs in the middle who have to pay for it all .
Everybody knows this .
But a state that already has a Bureau of Home Furnishings cannot restrain itself from setting up a Bureau of Motion Picture Condom Regulation - or , anyway , an impact study to study whether the Bureau of Impact Studies should study the impact of a Bureau of Motion Picture Condom Regulation .
Look around you , and take it all in .
From now on , it gets worse .
If you have children , they ’ll live in smaller homes , drive smaller cars , live smaller lives .
If you do n’t have children , you had better hope your neighbors do , because someone needs to spawn a working population large enough to pay for the unsustainable entitlements the Obama party has suckered you into thinking you ’re entitled to .
The unfunded liabilities of current entitlements are $ 100 trillion .
Try typing that onto your pocket calculator .
You can ’t .
There is n’t enough room for all the zeroes , and even if they made a pocket calculator large enough , and a pocket large enough , you ’d be walking with a limp .
To these existing entitlements , Mr. Obama and his enforcers in Congress propose to add the grandest of all : health care , on a scale no advanced democracy has ever attempted .
Whatever is “ deemed ” to have passed does n’t end the debate but begins it .
If you ’re sick of talking about health care , move to Tahiti , because in the United States , we ’re going to be talking about it until the end of time , or at least until the Iranians nuke Cleveland .
It is n’t difficult .
We need less government , with smaller budgets , fewer agencies and vastly reduced numbers of public - sector union employees on less lavish remuneration .
I ’m confident the California Bureau of Condom Regulators can be retrained as porn - movie bit players and once again make a useful contribution to society .
But if you ’re not in favor of shrinking government , you ’re voting for national decline , remorseless and ever accelerating .
Mr. Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi are strong - arming swing - state congressmen into taking one for the deem .
It ’s appropriate that it takes banana - republic maneuvers to ram this through , because it ’s about government so powerful it can make up the rules as it goes along .
Maybe regulators should roll a giant condom over the Capitol before it fatally infects the rest of us .
Mark Steyn is the author of the New York Times best - seller “ America Alone ” ( Regnery , 2006 ) .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Washington ( CNN ) -- China fired back Friday , saying the United States is damaging ties between the countries by highlighting cyberattacks alleged by Google .
The search - engine giant has threatened to pull out of China , saying that Chinese hackers have targeted Google and up to 34 other companies .
In a speech on Internet freedom and security Thursday in Washington , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged China to investigate such attacks , saying they raised " very serious concerns . "
Clinton 's agency has said it will file a formal protest over Google 's complaints .
In response , Ma Zhaoxu , a spokesman for China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said Friday : " We 're firmly against this statement that goes against truth and damages U.S. - Sino relationship . "
The Chinese government has said that the Google case is a business dispute and should not affect relations between the two countries .
Speaking Thursday , Clinton said the Internet and other technologies are critical to foreign policy , and those who engage in cyber attacks should face international condemnation .
Five years ago , Google agreed to allow some censorship by China , in exchange for the right to operate in that country 's massive emerging technology market .
The company now says censorship and the hacking of Chinese dissidents '
Google e-mail accounts have prompted it to reconsider .
" China has its own national conditions and cultural traditions , " Ma said Friday .
" China regulates the Internet according to laws , which is in consistent with worldwide norms . "
Chinese laws forbid Internet hacking and violation of privacy , he said , adding that " China encourages cracking down on Internet hacking by strengthening international cooperation and protecting Internet security and citizen privacy according to the laws . "
This month , foreign correspondents in at least two Chinese bureaus of news organizations had their Google e-mail accounts attacked , with e-mails forwarded to a mysterious address , according to the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of China .
By By Andrew Moran Feb 1 , 2010 in Health Two Canadians have been diagnosed with the paralyzing condition called Guillain - Barre Syndrome after taking the H1N1 swine flu shot two weeks prior .
It 's uncertain whether the two incidents are related , doctors say .
The first patient , Donna Hartlen , a Whitby resident who is a mother blames the H1N1 shot she received on Dec. 13 .
She cannot stand without leaning on a walker , her legs are too numb to allow her to walk , the right side of her face is paralyzed , she cannot chew her food properly and her right eye cannot blink , therefore she wears a bandage .
The second patient , Don Gibson , is now confined to a wheelchair because his legs are so numb now , reports Both victims are healthy , have identical vaccination records and have no prior history of illnesses .
Hartlen and Gibson are on their own because not one doctor will discuss the possibility that the H1N1 shot caused GBS and The Public Health Agency of Canada states that there are between 600 and 700 cases of GBS per year in Canada , which is usually caused by surgery , respiratory infections and food - borne bacteria .
Their Nevertheless , Hartlen is convinced that she contracted GBS from the shot , “ It ’s way too coincidental .
It ’s either a bad batch or a lot more people are getting this than they are talking about .
Not a single doctor we ’ve talked with will even remotely discuss that it ’s the H1N1 shot .
They almost pretend they do n’t hear you .
They do n’t want to alarm the public and they do n’t want you to stir up trouble . ”
Hartlen ’s husband , Wayne Burke , finds it preposterous of how little the Ontario government will do to help their patients after they promoted the shot so much throughout the autumn and winter .
The Whitby mother will have to wait up to one year before she could regain movement , which prompts her to ask who will take care of her young children ?
“ If my kids were 10 and 12 it would be different .
But a four and two - year - old need 100 % attention and I can’t give it to them .
They ’re the ones who push this vaccine .
They promote it every five minutes on TV .
So I do what they say and I get GBS and they ’re not going to help me ?
I need help for my kids - I ’m not looking for anything extravagant .
I ’m not an ambulance chaser .
I do n’t want to sue anybody .
I just want to get my kids looked after while their father is at work . ”
In Markham , Ontario , Canada last month , two Canadians were diagnosed with Guillain - Barre Syndrome , which paralyzes your body , after receiving the H1N1 Swine flu shot , according to the Toronto Sun The first patient , Donna Hartlen , a Whitby resident who is a mother blames the H1N1 shot she received on Dec. 13 .
She cannot stand without leaning on a walker , her legs are too numb to allow her to walk , the right side of her face is paralyzed , she cannot chew her food properly and her right eye cannot blink , therefore she wears a bandage .
The second patient , Don Gibson , is now confined to a wheelchair because his legs are so numb now , reports Canoe News .
Gibson took the shot in the same Markham doctors ’ office as Hartlen but only two days before .
Both victims are healthy , have identical vaccination records and have no prior history of illnesses .
Hartlen and Gibson are on their own because not one doctor will discuss the possibility that the H1N1 shot caused GBS and Quebec is the only province with a no - fault compensation program .
The Public Health Agency of Canada states that there are between 600 and 700 cases of GBS per year in Canada , which is usually caused by surgery , respiratory infections and food - borne bacteria .
Their website also states that there is a one in a million chance of getting GBS after a flu vaccine and “ The benefit of the vaccine outweighs this theoretical risk .
” Nevertheless , Hartlen is convinced that she contracted GBS from the shot , “ It ’s way too coincidental .
It ’s either a bad batch or a lot more people are getting this than they are talking about .
Not a single doctor we ’ve talked with will even remotely discuss that it ’s the H1N1 shot .
They almost pretend they do n’t hear you .
They do n’t want to alarm the public and they do n’t want you to stir up trouble .
” Hartlen ’s husband , Wayne Burke , finds it preposterous of how little the Ontario government will do to help their patients after they promoted the shot so much throughout the autumn and winter .
The Whitby mother will have to wait up to one year before she could regain movement , which prompts her to ask who will take care of her young children ?
“ If my kids were 10 and 12 it would be different .
But a four and two - year - old need 100 % attention and I can’t give it to them .
They ’re the ones who push this vaccine .
They promote it every five minutes on TV .
So I do what they say and I get GBS and they ’re not going to help me ?
I need help for my kids - I ’m not looking for anything extravagant .
I ’m not an ambulance chaser .
I do n’t want to sue anybody .
I just want to get my kids looked after while their father is at work . ”
More about H1n1 shot , Guillain barre syndrome , Canada More news from h1n1 shot guillain barre syndr ... canada
I believe that the ability to easily build high quality web applications is of critical importance for the growth of a free and open society .
This prevents the biggest players from monopolizing the flow of information .
Hence I started the web2 py project in 2007 , primarily as a teaching tool with the goal of making web development easier , faster , and more secure .
Over time , it has managed to win the affection of thousands of knowledgeable users and hundreds of developers .
Our collective effort has created one of the most full - featured Open Source Web Frameworks for enterprise web development .
As a result , in 2011 , web2 py won the Bossie Award for best Open Source Development Software , and in 2012 it won the Technology of the Year award from InfoWorld .
With the effort of a growing community , in 2017 web2 py was finally refined in order to support Python 3 ( but it is still compatible with the older Python 2.7 ! ) .
As you will learn in the following pages , web2 py tries to lower the barrier of entry to web development by focusing on three main goals :
Ease of use .
This means reducing the learning and deployment time as well as development and maintenance costs .
This is why web2 py is a full - stack framework without dependencies .
It requires no installation and has no configuration files .
Everything works out of the box , including a web server , database and a web - based IDE that gives access to all the main features .
The API includes just 12 core objects , which are easy to work with and memorize .
It can interoperate with most web servers , databases and all Python libraries .
Rapid development .
Every function of web2 py has a default behavior ( which can be overridden ) .
For example , as soon as you have specified your data models , you will have access to a web - based database administration panel .
Also , web2 py automatically generates forms for your data and it allows you to easily expose the data in HTML , XML , JSON , RSS , etc. web2 py provides some high level widgets such as the wiki and the grid to rapidly build complex applications .
Security .
The web2py Database Abstraction Layer ( DAL ) eliminates SQL Injections .
The template language prevents Cross Site Scripting vulnerabilities .
The forms generated by web2 py provide field validation and block Cross Site Request Forgeries .
Passwords are always stored hashed .
Sessions are stored server - side by default to prevent Cookie Tampering .
Session cookies are UUID to prevent Session Hijacking .
web2 py is built from the user perspective and is constantly being optimized internally to become faster and leaner , whilst always maintaining backwards compatibility .
( As shown on lifehacker and now Instructables ! )
I needed a laptop sleeve for my iBook , but did n’t feel like waiting days for a glorified computer glove .
Using a bubble - mailer is a cheap replacement if you plan on carrying your laptop in a schoolbag .
The bubble mailer itself is a sufficient sleeve for the duties of a backpack .
I would n’t want to drop - test it , but so far have no complaints .
I also added a simple Apple logo to the front using transparent printer sheets .
If you do n’t already own these , it might be cost - prohibitive ( at least in the sense of using a bubble - mailer to protect a laptop . )
I bought my pack in the clearance section of Staples .
My Mac is an iBook , so I picked a representative apple .
Choose yours accordingly .
Points to consider if you ’re planning to put a logo on :
I used pencil to trace the top of the apple and leaf since these were cut separately .
If I were to make a second sleeve , I would n’t use pencil .
The marks smeared when I tried to erase it and is noticeable up close .
In the face of “ measure once , cut twice , ” I say eyeball it .
You can use the top of your Mactop as a reference .
The marks smeared when I tried to erase it and is noticeable up close .
In the face of “ measure once , cut twice , ” I say eyeball it .
You can use the top of your Mactop as a reference .
I originally considered printing “ iBook ” in Apple font instead .
I thought it would be more elegant , and simple .
Nothing is more simple than an apple .
If you decide to print text , be prepared to cut it right and measure the distance between characters .
I found a pack of fonts for Windows on the iPodWizard .
net forums and found Myriad Pro to be the nicest looking of the group .
I found a pack of fonts for Windows on the iPodWizard .
net forums and found to be the nicest looking of the group .
The apple is in the middle of the top of an iBook .
My printed apple ended up being approximately 5 inches tall and 4 inches wide .
The larger size looks proportionate to the bag and gives you grace when measuring the center of the sleeve .
The larger size looks proportionate to the bag and gives you grace when measuring the center of the sleeve .
Everything is sticky about a bubble - mailer .
Be delicate sticking the apple on — you have ( about ) two shots before they become one .
The last modification was the strip of Velcro .
The section at the opening comes with a plastic strip protecting the sticky side .
Over time the plastic strip begins to peel away and defaults to melding with the other side , turning your sleeve into a ready - to - mail package .
I do n’t want to mail my laptop , so I put Velcro on to repalce the glue strip .
Now you can keep your laptop in the sleeve and avoid the inevitable packaging of your laptop .
The same stickiness warning from above applies here .
After you lay down the first Velcro side , attach the second on top as if you were closing the lid .
Then peel away the paper backing and press the package against it .
That ’s it !
I ’ve been using it for a couple weeks so far and it ’s working great .
I hear the occasional bubble pop once in a while , but for a total cost of three dollars it ’s worth it .
Here ’s exactly what I used for anyone with a similarly small laptop or netbook :
Materials used :
(1) Staples QuickStrip Poly Bubble Mailers , # 5 .
Dollar store Velcro strips .
(1) Sheet of Avery 8665 Clear Inkjet Full Sheet Shipping Labels , bought on clearance .
Does anyone else use a bubble - mailer for their laptop ?
Do you have stories or variations on design ?
Some big GOP donors say Michael Steele 's spending habits are too lavish for a time when he should be stockpiling cash for midterms .
Steele 's spending spree angers donors
Republican National Chairman Michael
Steele is spending twice as much as his recent predecessors on private planes and paying more for limousines , catering and flowers – expenses that are infuriating the party 's major donors who say Republicans need every penny they can get for the fight to win back Congress .
Most recently , donors grumbled when Steele hired renowned chef Wolfgang Puck 's local crew to cater the RNC's Christmas party inside the trendy Newseum on Pennsylvania Avenue , and then moved its annual winter meeting from Washington to Hawaii .
Advertisement
For some major GOP donors , both decisions were symbolic of the kind of wasteful spending habits they claim has become endemic to his tenure at the RNC .
When Ken Mehlman served as the committee chairman during the critical 2006 midterm elections , the holiday party was held in a headquarters conference room and Chic - fil - A was the caterer .
A POLITICO analysis of expenses found that compared with 2005 , the last comparable year preceding a midterm election , the committee ’s payments for charter flights doubled ; the number of sedan contractors tripled , and meal expenses jumped from $ 306,000 to $ 599,000 .
“ Michael Steele is an imperial chairman , ” said one longtime Republican fundraiser .
“ He flies in private aircraft .
He drives in private cars .
He has private consultants that are paid ridiculous retainers .
He fancies himself a presidential candidate and wants all of the trappings and gets them by using other people ’s money . ”
Louis M. Pope , who chairs the RNC ’s Budget Committee , defends Steele ’s expenses , arguing that a bump in costs is unavoidable for a party that lacks control of any of the levers of government .
“ Michael Steele does travel more , but he ’s in far more demand .
He ’s a huge part of the fundraising apparatus , ” said Pope .
“ Nobody is living it up at the RNC .
There are a number of upscale events , but those are all profitable . ”
But disclosure reports document the exodus of prominent donors who have decided to shift their giving to other party committees .
In 2005 , the RNC raised $ 46 million from donors who gave more than $ 250 and $ 55 million from small donors .
In 2009 , Steele ’s RNC brought in just $ 24 million — nearly half as much — from big donors and $ 58 million from small donors .
When Steele took over the chairmanship last winter , he inherited a $ 23 million surplus .
Since then , the former Maryland lieutenant governor has raised $ 10 million less than the party collected in 2005 and has spent $ 10 million more .
By the end of 2009 , the committee ’s surplus had shrunk to $ 8.4 million , according to campaign finance reports .
Just last week , RNC officials touted a January fundraising haul of more than $ 10 million .
But after hosting the sun-filled winter meeting in Hawaii , paying for the holiday party and taking care of other bills , the committee spent almost all of it .
Consequently , the RNC added only $ 1 million to the committee ’s $ 8.4 million in cash , the reports show .
Pope acknowledged the falloff but said some of it was caused by frustration and exhaustion after the 2008 election and that things are turning around .
“ Major donor events were up in the latter part of the year , once the party learned to raise money better without a president , ” and Obama ’s agenda rallied the base , he said .
The RNC ’s fundraising problems could have real consequences in the fall , since the RNC typically acts as a bank in midterms , swooping in to help cash - strapped candidates .
It also is responsible for running the party ’s vaunted 72 - hour get - out - the - vote program .
With House Republicans expanding their list of Democratic targets , a flush RNC could be vital to success .
That is particularly so because the National Republican Congressional Committee has struggled to raise money on its own .
At the start of the year , House Republicans had just a little more than $ 2 million in the bank .
At the end of January , the committee doubled its cash on hand to about $ 4 million , according to the latest reports , but party leaders have said they need more than $ 50 million to compete in the now - growing list of targeted contests .
“ It will be terrible if we miss an opportunity because we do n’t have enough money , ” said a disgruntled GOP fundraiser .
And if that happens , there ’s no doubt where contributors will lay the blame .
POLITICO ’s review sheds light on some of the expenses that have donors seething .
Four years ago , the national committee spent $ 1.5 million on airfare , including $ 81,000 with Moby Dick Airways , a private charter firm .
Those costs were somewhat inflated because of campaign finance rules .
A large chunk of the airfare — about $ 300,000 — covered the travel of Bush administration officials , who by law had to be charged higher fares .
Last year , the RNC spent $ 1.8 million on airfare , which included just a handful of pre-Inauguration trips by Bush officials .
Meanwhile , the roster of private charter firms working for the RNC grew from one to seven .
Among them were Moby Dick , a favorite of Republican presidential candidates , which received $ 79,000 ; Altour Air , which is based in Los Angeles and received nearly $ 51,000 ; and NewJets , which got more than $ 27,000 .
In all , the RNC ’s air charter bills amounted to more than $ 200,000 — more than double the amount in the 2005 budget .
The RNC ’s use of private car services followed a similar pattern .
In both 2005 and 2009 , the committee contracted with Carey International car services .
But the number of private limousine and sedan firms being used by the committee tripled in 2009 .
Overall , the RNC ’s car service bill was $ 245,000 in 2005 and $ 281,000 in 2009 .
In addition to traveling in better style , RNC officials spent more once they arrived at their destinations .
The 2005 committee spent $ 1.35 million on lodging , compared with $ 1.5 million last year .
The locations also improved .
There were overnights at Ritz - Carlton hotels in Chicago , Denver , Marina del Rey , Westchester and Boston .
The committee dropped $ 8,000 for two stays at Hotel Vitale , which boasts panoramic views of the San Francisco Bay .
RNC meal costs are among the categories that saw the biggest increases under Steele ’s leadership .
In Beverly Hills , Calif. , the RNC spent $ 10,600 on food and lodging for a fundraiser featuring former Speaker Newt Gingrich at Spago , the flagship restaurant of the Wolfgang Puck Fine Dining Group .
In total , the Wolfgang Puck enterprise has collected more than $ 94,000 from the RNC for catering services , compared with zero dollars in 2005 .
“ It ’s symbolic of the way they are looking at the building and the way they are spending money , ” said one donor .
“ It ’s a culture .
During the Bush administration , Karl Rove would bitch if there were flowers on the tables . ”
Under Steele , the floral budget has expanded , as have a host of other perks .
Unlike in 2005 , the RNC ’s fundraising costs included $ 8,210 for suites and tickets to Washington Nationals baseball games , $ 5,000 for Redskins tickets and $ 4,224 for tour guides and equipment during a meeting in Jackson Hole , Wyo. , that also featured live entertainment .
Steele ’s defenders say the increased travel and event costs are necessary to raise money and build grass - roots support .
The 2005 committee , they note , had a distinct advantage : the draw of a presidential appearance .
Without such a big personality , said Pope , the committee has to put on better events to get donors to attend .
“ Yes , you do put on lavish events , where people are having nice meals by nice caterers , but it ’s still cheaper than direct mail , ” he said .
Randy Pullen , the RNC ’s treasurer , noted that some of the charter jets were used to transport guests to fundraisers , not just to ferry the chairman .
He also said — and the numbers bear him out — that Steele has invested millions to improve the party ’s online and direct - mail fundraising capabilities .
According to Doug Heye , the RNC ’s spokesman , that program has attracted 322,000 new donors this year .
The gubernatorial elections in Virginia and New Jersey and the Massachusetts Senate special election — all of which were won by Republicans — also drained the coffers .
“ We spent $ 13 million between Virginia and New Jersey , ” said Pullen , “ and we ’re still paying for them . ”
Henry Barbour , an RNC board member , said the investments in the off - year elections were worth it , since they “ set the table ” for the midterms .
Still , he added , “ clearly , we have our work cut out for us to fully capitalize on the political environment . ”
But others said Steele simply is n’t willing to make the calls and stroke the egos of major donors , who can refill campaign accounts in record time .
“ We ’ve written off the RNC .
We ’re playing elsewhere , ” said one .
Indeed , not all Republicans are bemoaning the tensions .
The Republican Governors Association announced Monday that it ’s setting fundraising records — in part because the elite donors shunning the RNC are flocking to it .
The National Republican Senatorial Committee , which has been a perennial fundraising laggard , is also seeing its coffers swell because of the RNC rifts .
For the first time since 1998 , the NRSC posted more cash in the bank , $ 10.6 million , than the RNC , which has $ 9.4 million .
“ I would say the NRSC starting the year with more cash is extraordinary , ” said Anthony Corrado , an expert on campaign finance .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Part 1 - A Humanitarian Mission
I really ought to be getting used to it by now , leaving in a bit of a rush on a humanitarian mission .
It starts with the phone call and the first bump of excitement , and sometimes it just does not work .
You can not get away in the time that they want , or you do n't have the skills that they need .
In other cases the bump is the canoe being pushed off the bank of the river just above an enormous waterfall .
At first things seem to go quite slowly , as you start to drift down the stream .
Then the trees and the rocks start moving past more and more quickly until there comes a moment when you realise that there is no going back .
You are completely in the control of the humanitarian organisation who have chosen you .
They have a veritable team of young logisticians focusing on you , putting everything that you need in place , airline tickets , visas , equipment permits etc .
You just sit in the canoe and enjoy the ride .
Christopher Bulstrode ( centre ) has been aiding the relief effort in Haiti
There is something wonderfully reassuring about the way the plan takes shape .
Then quite suddenly you are away out over the waterfall flying through the air ( quite literally ) .
Of course there is lots that you have to remember too .
You must travel light but you must not forget anything and it is the niggling little things like mini-screwdrivers to repair your spectacles that could spell ruin to your best efforts .
It is difficult to work out what equipment will be there and what will not , what is likely to be useful and what will just be a burden .
Language has got to change too .
This time it will be French .
I never was much good at French and it is a little while since I have used it so German words and phrases flood into my mind instead of French ones , as I try to persuade my brain to change gear and start thinking and working in a different language .
I realise how many important words I simply do not know and start scuffling through a pocket dictionary , forgetting each word as soon as I start searching for the next .
The flight is a surreal experience in its own right .
Although I have brought work to do , I always have a good adventure book too , a ripping yarn , which inevitably captures me in its thrall .
So I am now living three worlds .
Home where I have come from is starting to become remote as crossing time zones stretches my sense of separation .
The journey quietly nags in the background like a sore tooth ( where is my passport ?
Is the money safe in my pocket ?
Have I got all the papers which I need ? ) .
The book I am reading draws me into its crescendo of suspense and at the same time I am coming closer and closer to a place where a lot is going to expected of me but I am not sure what !
Why on earth did I volunteer to do this ?
What on earth am I going to be able to do which will be of any use ?
Surgery in third world areas and in disaster zones is always fraught with problems .
The conditions are such that you would not normally agree to operate , but the patients have no choice and ' anything may be better than nothing ' .
However that does not mean simply diving in .
You need to be strategic and try to work out how you can do the most good for the maximum number and that may mean turning away heart - rending cases that you would love to try to help but should not .
The team of logisticians trust you implicitly .
They discuss amongst themselves what is best to do in their areas , but it is unusual for us specialists to have anyone to share our decisions with .
When we do , they are usually from a different country with a different culture , and a different language .
It is difficult to pick up the subtle nuances of speech and gesture which are needed if we are to avoid treading on each other 's toes .
When we arrive at the airport in the Dominican Republic ( the opposite end of the island from Haiti ) , there is no one to meet us .
This is frustrating because there is no back - up plan so we must simply wait .
Just as doubts are really beginning to set in the driver arrives and starts a convoluted journey which seems to involve picking up various ladies and members of his family and shuttling them to where they want to go .
We are tired but it is too complicated to say anything .
When we arrive at the office it is locked .
The whole team have gone off to find some dinner so we must wait .
It all seems a little unreasonable until you realise that it is 10 pm local time and when we start next morning they are all in at their desks by 7 am .
So they are doing a 15 hour day , and they only took possession of this office 48 hours before .
I am silently glad that I did not say anything .
The flights into Port - au - Prince are impossible .
There are so many aid flights trying to get in that there is a ten day backlog .
Our logistician team quietly organise a minibus and we are off on a five hour journey over the mountains to Haiti .
The customs post between the Dominican Republic and Haiti is n't really working because it is partly underwater .
It is on the edge of a lake and since the earthquake the level has risen ( or more likely the land has sunk ) so we drive through some wrought iron gates held open by a charming man in gumboots .
There is something charming about being waved through a border with your tyres sending a surge of water in front of them .
Now the road is full of traffic going both ways .
Low loaders with heavy plant on them , aid vehicles and buses loaded with people and their goods .
At first you could miss the damage .
A wall around a garden has fallen over , then you notice that a house has one storey too few .
The first and second floors are just sitting on a pile of rubble .
As we get nearer to the centre , some houses are fine , others have completely collapsed .
Life has started again and is spreading a thin but colourful veneer over the death and destruction beneath
There is no rhyme or reason to it .
It is obvious that some houses , oh so nearly collapsed , just managed to stay up .
Others just as obviously nearly managed to survive then finally succumbed and pancaked down .
In and around this patchwork of disaster people are getting on with their lives .
Every open space is a camp of polythene sheets .
Every street corner is a small market for food and staples and brightly dressed people are moving everywhere carrying , talking , trading .
Life has started again and is spreading a thin but colourful veneer over the death and destruction beneath .
The only jarring note is the machine gun mounted white UN armoured cars at every main junction guarding against civil unrest and looting , but then they were probably there before the earthquake .
The airport where we plan to rendevous with the rest of our team is a pandemonium of tented camps with national flags flying and piles upon piles of water , food , tents , and other equipment .
Helicopters are shuttling in and out , while teams from all the countries involved move busily around each in their team uniforms .
I imagine that jousting tournaments in the middle ages would have looked a little like this with a tented camp of followers around each knight 's pavilion .
The co-ordination of this multi-national , multi-cultural , multi-lingual collection of people itching to help must be an absolute nightmare for the UN .
The headquarters of the French office of Doctors of the World ( Médecins du Monde ) is based around the house and gardens of a businessman who has lent his house to the charity for the duration of the crisis .
Their offices have been destroyed .
We are all in tents in the garden .
No -one is keen to sleep under concrete roofs for the moment , but the ground floor is serving as a wonderful combination of office and communal meeting area .
With a little coffee , some Camembert cheese and some wine , the French have a miraculous ability to create a comfortable ambience that we can work out of .
There is a curfew after dark so nothing will happen now until first light .
Then the work begins .
Must just go and find my dictionary and look up the word for forceps !
Part 2 - A Day in the Life Children across Haiti have been orphaned by the disaster I wonder if you have lived a day which has changed your life .
Well I suppose that I just have .
This was my first day doing surgery in Haiti .
I do n't want to get into gory details but I have never seen anything like this in all my life .
They tell me that last week was much worse .
Well all I can say is that I am glad that I did n't see it .
The grounds of the University Hospital in Port - au - Prince has become a tented camp .
Each of the tents is a ward with 20 patients in it .
The tents spread in every direction as far as the eye can see .
Where there are trees the patients are under tarpaulins stretched between the trees .
That area is called ' The Jungle ' and is the biggest ward of all .
In there are two doctors , 40 beds , some firemen from Spain in beautiful uniforms who smile all the time and then some Haitian nurses .
I am not sure where the nurses came from because this is a land of disaster and just next door to ' The Jungle ' is the rubble of a huge building which was the nursing school .
It collapsed .
On the ground floor all the second year nurse trainees in the whole of Haiti were having a lecture .
On the first floor all the third year nurse trainees in the whole of Haiti were having a lecture .
There was not a single survivor .
I am having trouble getting my head around this .
I am trying to relate it to the John Radcliffe in Oxford .
Well here goes .
Imagine all the car parks around the hospital covered in tunnel tents six metres wide and thirty long filled to the brim with patients relatives and carers .
Milling around in the paths between the tents are volunteers from every country in world , carrying stretchers , moving boxes of equipment and leading patients or relatives in and out of the hospital .
Those parts of the hospital still standing ( outpatients ) have been converted into operating theatres .
I have no X - Rays .
I am guessing .
This is a very important decision and I am trying to work out quickly what is best to do .
If I take too little she may die of gangrene , and I desperately do n't want to take too much .
We are operating on trolleys set up in the middle of a waiting room , using head torches to work .
Yesterday , two of us working side by side did 25 cases all supervised by one anaesthetist who literally danced between the tables keeping patients alive but asleep .
Calm , swift , and confident he was like a good Puck , always there just when we needed him .
As for the wounds .
No !
I do n't want to talk about them .
They are dreadful .
A ballet dancer for the national dance team has lost a leg .
She is lovely and smiles a little , but I have got to try to save the rest of her leg .
I have no X - Rays .
I am guessing .
This is a very important decision and I am trying to work out quickly what is best to do .
If I take too little she may die of gangrene , and I desperately do n't want to take too much .
Meanwhile the physicians looking after the wards are popping their heads through the door and asking if we can take another amputation or an infected wound .
There are at least eight operating theatres working simultaneously in different parts of the hospital each run by different countries with different expertise .
The Norwegians have a surgeon with a skin grafting knife , so tomorrow we will try to get the patients who need grafts to them .
A young man has lost the back of his elbow .
The skin muscle and joint itself have all gone but the soft - tissue at the front which carries all the nerves and arteries to the hand is fine .
I can't amputate this arm when the hand is working perfectly , but the wound is already infected and I must make a decision .
I stick my head into the door of the US operating theatre .
I want to meet them and I need some help and support here .
I run the case past a soft spoken head and neck surgeon from New York .
He listens carefully , agrees that this is a problem which needs evacuation to their hospital ship and walks over to a harassed looking doctor in the corner with a clip board .
Next moment I am asked if I can have the patient outside the door in ten minutes as there is a helicopter leaving for the hospital ship and they have plastic surgeons on the ship .
We bring him across on a stretcher , tuck our meagre notes under his legs and within moments two soldiers from 82nd Airborne have transferred him onto their gurney , slipped him into the back of a Humvee ambulance and are away to the helicopter landing strip .
Minutes later John the American is back in our operating theatre asking if we can take three cases as they are swamped with another influx .
We start working a little faster still .
Each patient who has had an operation has written in bold letters on the dressing when and what is needed next .
That is almost the sum total of the notes available .
Patients are being moved the whole time , so we may have a name but we cannot always find the patient .
The fire service volunteers from Spain are brilliant at this .
They have beautiful black and red jump - suits and always say " Si. Esta Possible " .
We give them the name of the patient and with seraphic smiles and a stretcher between them they trot off into the melee of tents to find the patient and bring him back .
I do n't know how they do it as they only speak Spanish but their way with people is wonderful to watch .
When I was in Afghanistan I saw people do brave and kind things .
I also saw them go that extra mile and finish a job that they really did n't have to do .
Here I have seen an even higher level of commitment .
Everyone in our team from the porters up is working , thinking , anticipating , to the utmost of their ability .
Giving of their best .
Every time I needed something it was there before I even asked , And if it was n't there because we did not have it , then someone was running across to another team operating somewhere else to see if they could borrow some equipment or help .
We have to stop as darkness falls but as we finish the last case of the day , two more loads of supplies arrive .
Doctors of the World ( Medecins du Monde ) is the most fantastic organisation .
While we are working a whole team of logisticians , a chain of people stretching back to Paris , Madrid , Montreal and London are beavering away day and night to get the right kit to us as quickly as possible .
We have gone through thousands of dressings today .
As the day ends , new ones arrive from the other side of the world .
Now that is what I call organisation .
Part 3 - Tectonic Plates
Up to 200,000 people perished in the Haiti earthquake Haiti has suffered an unimaginable disaster .
Today the Land Rover bringing us back from the hospital cut through the centre of town .
It is a scene of utter destruction and dereliction .
Hundreds of people are still picking over the ruins trying to salvage wood and anything valuable .
Fires burn lazily throwing up plumes of black smoke which pervade everything with the horrid smell of burning human flesh .
It is now 2 weeks since the earthquake but they are still burning the bodies where they find them .
100,000 dead and that is only the bodies which they have found !
Who knows how many more are under the untouched piles of rubble ?
The earthquake in Haiti is the result of a gigantic geological accident .
Tectonic plates from different continents are colliding .
Local medical professionals and international medical professionals are trying to work together but are also learning that we have a completely different approach to patients and their injuries .
Today the cases poured in again .
There are patients with amputated limbs .
Then there are crush and burn wounds .
I cannot conceive how these poor people have survived with the pain that they must have been in these last two weeks .
Certainly I am completely obsessed with the thought of what agony these patients must have been in for the last two weeks .
And they are the tip of the iceberg .
They survived .
Some died at once , others slowly and in agony .
Tonight we had a meeting of the Doctors of the World ( Medecins du Monde ) staff back at the house where we are camped .
At the meeting it was discussed how the effort we are making now must be the beginning of an even bigger sustained programme , not the end of an emergency response .
We now need teams to re-fashion the stumps of patients so that they are closed properly .
Then we need limb - fitters and physiotherapists to get these patients going .
I cannot imagine where the money is going to come from to reconstruct this poor and terribly damaged country , but ideas and concepts come free .
Part 4 - Living in the Field Work will soon move to post - operative care and logistical support
When you go on a medical mission to provide emergency aid , you might imagine that you just jump onto a plane and get on with it .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
You can certainly do exactly that , always assuming that you can get a flight , but then when you get to the other end your problems have only just begun .
Even if you do n't find yourself turned away by Immigration on arrival there are many questions .
How are you going to find anywhere to stay ?
How do you stop all your kit from being stolen ?
Where will you find food ?
How do you get to the hospital or wherever you propose to work , and what are you going to do about language ?
These little problems can occupy so much of your time that you wont be able to do anything , however much you want to .
Worse still you may find yourself a drain on desperately needed resources of shelter , food and water .
In contrast , if you are invited by a Non-government organisation ( NGO ) , they handle all of this for you .
The big ones have a huge team of very experienced staff who manage the ongoing programmes , who drop everything and work day and night when a disaster like the earthquake in Haiti occurs .
They quickly work out what they think is needed and then they build the team that they want for the job that needs to be done .
It is a great honour to be asked to represent them .
And of course , with the honour comes the responsibility .
They have to trust you to do the best you possibly can for the injured and at the same time act as an ambassador for them in that country .
In return the NGOs do what they can to make life as pleasant as possible for their team in the field .
All the staff at their head - office have worked in the field themselves so they know how lonely and uncomfortable it can be .
Here in Haiti , Doctors of the World ( Médecins du Monde ) have lost their office ( the building collapsed ) but have managed to borrow a beautiful house from a local businessman who has turned it over to the charity for the duration of the emergency .
The house itself is in a forested suburb and is built from a lattice of concrete reinforcing steel rods without the concrete in between .
It gives a whole new meaning to the concept of " open plan ' and is ideal in this tropical climate .
Its design must be one of the reasons that it is relatively undamaged as there was very little to fall down !
We are all sleeping in tents in the garden firstly to give us enough space and secondly , to stay out of doors in case there are more after - shocks and tremors .
The house has a toilet , a shower and a kitchen so really we are in ' Fat City ' , although there must be more than thirty of us here at the moment .
Before we set off from Europe each of us had to think what we are going to pack in our rucksacks to be able to live comfortably and to be able to do the work we need to do , yet travel light .
It is a game of guessing .
Yes you need a good head - torch both to see in the tent and to operate .
Yes you need wet - wipes in case there is no shower and no toilet .
But do you need a lap - top ?
How many books are you going to bring ?
( They are heavy ) .
And what surgical kit do you need ?
We all get it wrong of course .
I forgot talcum powder , and in this heat with sweaty hands I can not get my surgical gloves on without a hell of a struggle .
Being a French team of course little luxuries keep on appearing .
For example , Camembert cheese , a bottle of lovely wine .
I do n't know how the French do it but they get a special expression of suppressed glee on their faces as they reach deep into their rucksacks and draw out some rare delicacy perfectly preserved .
All around there are deep Gallic groans of appreciation and anticipated pleasure , then they cut it into tiny pieces and everyone savours a morsel , each of them looking like a free range chicken drinking from a water trough as they savour every bit .
It is a great bonding exercise .
In the hospital we have been given a part of Outpatients to have as our operating theatres .
We have two tables side by side so we can share work , advice and resources .
Each person has a multitude of tasks to perform but there is very little talking or arguing .
We all know what needs to be done so we just get on with it .
Now we need to get these patients out of hospital and back to being human beings .
You are primarily responsible for your own work , but everyone appreciates a bit of help lifting a patient or adjusting a light .
There does not seem to be any leader of the team which surprises me as the task we are doing is complex and continually changing in response to conditions .
I find the concept of a tight but leaderless team rather fun .
The game for all of us is to anticipate what the team needs and to do it if you have a spare moment , without having to be asked .
The result is an almost completely silent room with people moving around very little .
When we go next door to the American ward there is a cacophony of noise , orders being issued , challenged and revised .
People are running around in a riot of activity .
Are they getting more done ?
I do n't think so .
The work has now changed .
There are no more amputations ( or almost none ) and those who are going to survive are mostly through the worst .
We are getting rid of the infection in the wounds and amputation stumps .
Now we need to get these patients out of hospital and back to being human beings .
That means plastic surgery to close the horrendous wounds , and it also means somewhere for them to go .
That will be phase two ( creating human beings ) .
Then comes a third phase .
Those people with leg amputations need artificial limbs .
There are none in Haiti .
So the final phase must be to share knowledge with the Haitians on how to make and fit artificial limbs .
Without this the survivors have no chance of independent life nor of finding work .
This is going to be a long slog .
The next bit is not going to be half so exciting , but it is going to be just as important .
Part 5 - Reconstruction
The next stage for Haiti will be reconstruction
We have now been working at the hospital here in Haiti for over a week and life is settling into a rhythm .
Sleep is difficult without ear plugs because dozens of dogs bark all night .
Then if there is an after - tremor , there is a veritable peal of barking and howling .
We are all living in tents next to a house .
It has only one bathroom .
The secret is to get up before 5 am so that you can beat the queue .
Otherwise , it feels like boarding school all over again .
Quite suddenly at 5.30 am the cicadas in the trees start their monotonous buzz just like a faulty fluorescent light being switched on .
It is just a hundred times louder .
Then at 6.15 am sharp they stop again just as suddenly and presumably get on with what cicadas do for the rest of the day .
Their chain - saw whine wakes all but the soundest sleepers who are sprawled on the sofas and on camp beds in the open trying to find some cool breeze .
Breakfast is quite leisurely and civilised ; a chance for all 30 of us to touch base and hear what everyone else is doing and thinking .
At this time of day there is never any electricity so I have difficulty understanding the French as I cannot see their faces clearly in the half light and I need every cue that I can get to follow the meaning of what they are saying .
Then we all pile into an old Land Cruiser for the bumpy ride to the hospital .
We weave between rubble and crushed cars , past lines of people carrying water back to wherever they are currently sheltering .
As we pass the Presidential palace with its ornate domes tilted at crazy angles , we enter a large park with the statue of some national hero in the centre .
This is one of the largest refugee camps , a kaleidoscope of clothes drying and tarpaulins covering families .
Hundreds and hundreds of people are milling around talking , selling things , trying to feed their children , find water and get some kind of more durable shelter before the rains come .
Around the corner is the hospital .
Its gates are guarded by American troops .
They have to be .
Even at this time of the morning , there is a queue of hundreds of people waiting for treatment , pushing to be let in .
We set up the operating tables as quickly as we can .
The Haitian doctors will not arrive for a while .
They do not have transport to bring them in , so will get in later .
The smell was terrible as bodies tumbled out .
To me the horror was the thought that some of the people must have been trapped there for hours or even days hoping for rescue which never came .
My first job is to walk around the wards and find the patients booked for today .
We write on the dressings when the next operation is due because although the patients are supposed to keep their notes under their pillows they get wet , torn and lost .
So I go from leg to leg , arm to arm searching for the Doctors of the World ( Médecins du Monde ) logo and today 's date .
By the time that I return with my list , the smiling Spanish firemen and women have also found some patients too , and they are added to the list .
In the hospital there are now ten tents with between ten and twenty patients in each just for trauma .
Then there is the ' Jungle ' .
This is the hospital garden , which has been filled with old beds while tarpaulins are draped between the trees .
It is full of patients who could not find a bed anywhere else .
The hospital is trying to close this open ward as it is becoming a bit of a refugee camp for those patients who have no home to go to .
But as fast as they empty it , more patients arrive .
Meanwhile lorries are arriving at the Triage tent travelling down from ' up - country ' loaded with more patients to be seen .
We operate for eight hours .
I am part of the Doctors of the World ( Médecins du Monde ) French team and being French they bring wonderful tasty things for lunch and if there is a chance we stop around midday to eat sardines on biscuits and drink tea .
This is clearly a sacred moment for the French and they always look upset if we do n't manage to stop for this little oasis of peace .
As soon as the last case is finished there is an hour 's work tidying up and restocking for the following day , then it is back down to the gates to meet our transport to take us home .
Yesterday the building outside the gates was being cleared with a large digger and dozens of Haitians were digging through the rubble salvaging what they could .
The smell was terrible as bodies tumbled out .
I try to relate this whole situation to Oxford where I live .
What if the Cornmarket and the High Street were just piles of rubble with electricity cables trailed across the road ?
To me the horror was the thought that some of the people must have been trapped there for hours or even days hoping for rescue which never came .
They are presumably some of the parents of the orphans who are causing so much distress for everyone .
They would have been at work when the earthquake struck , and it is the big buildings in the centre of the city which seem to have been worst damaged .
I try to relate this whole situation to Oxford where I live .
What if the Cornmarket and the High Street were just piles of rubble with electricity cables trailed across the road ?
The Westgate would be a pile of rubble with over a thousand people buried in it .
What if patients from Beckley and Eynsham were still coming in by the lorry load three weeks after the disaster , their wounds covered with maggots ?
What if there was a crèche of one hundred children on the Marston road , another on the Abingdon road and another in Botley full of orphans of every age , brought together into camps because of the fears about child traffickers , but with no facilities to look after them ?
I know that it is hard to imagine , but this is what we are living now .
The next stage for Haiti : Reconstruction .
This is going to be really difficult .
Actually this city now needs to be completely razed to the ground and built again .
Those buildings still standing are mostly unsafe while the rest are rubble already .
But if you do that , who is going to pay for the rebuilding ?
This country was bankrupt before the earthquake .
It is now homeless too .
Part 6 - Through the Looking Glass
We drive through Port - au - Prince each day on the way to and from the hospital .
So , we get snap - shots of what is happening in the city as each day goes by .
In the first days there was just a mad rushing about as everyone simply tried to survive and find out who else was still alive .
But today , a different movement is visible .
Everyone is busy doing something , and there is a sense of purpose in everyone 's actions .
Sure , there are still people pushing the remains of their belongings along in wheelbarrows , but now they are going somewhere .
Others are carrying beams of wood or sheets of corrugated iron .
But everyone you see has now got a plan and they are starting to make it happen .
The resilience of the human race is something to behold and I suppose bodes well whatever ghastly Armageddon we finally visit on ourselves , whether it be global warming or an exchange of nuclear warfare .
The local mobile phone distributor has a gigantic digger in their forecourt clearing the site .
Clearly they are going to be one of the first to have a brand new building standing in the ruins of this city .
I am sure that their Board of Directors have justified this expense as symbolising their dynamism and their ' futuristic ' culture .
It seems a pity that they have not decided to invest in their customers by building some housing , but there we go .
Hooray for capitalism !
What kind of misery had this poor lady been through for the past three weeks with no close family and with a crushed foot which was being slowly eaten by maggots ?
Port - au - Prince is a tiny city in our western consciousness .
I think I had heard of it before this earthquake , but I do n't think that I could have told you that it was the capital of Haiti .
I certainly could not have told you that the population of Port - au - Prince is over 3 million , the same as Birmingham , one of Britain 's principle cities .
The authorities still have no idea how many people have died here but we do know that the atom bomb dropped on Hiroshima killed forty thousand .
This earthquake has killed somewhere between five and ten times as many .
I find the numbers involved in this disaster hard to grasp .
Today we accepted from the emergency service a sweet lady in her forties .
She was as light as a feather and I wonder if she has eaten since the earthquake three weeks ago .
It seems likely from what we can gather that she has lost every single member of her family - children , husband , parents , brothers and sisters .
Her foot had been crushed and the wound had been dressed some weeks ago , and this is why she came to us .
My heart went out to this patient .
What kind of misery had this poor lady been through for the past three weeks with no close family and with a crushed foot which was being slowly eaten by maggots ?
Actually , the larvae only eat dead tissue so they had probably done good rather than harm over this time , but I just cannot envisage the mental and physical torture that she must have been through .
Last night as darkness fell , gunfire started as it does most evenings in Port - au - Prince .
However , last night it was in the wood immediately behind the house .
I was delighted to see that no - one flinched at all .
All of us have worked in war zones .
The shooting then got louder and a bit more frantic and those of us on the veranda decided to move inside .
I explained to my French colleagues the concept of the ' stiff upper lip ' .
They responded by opening another bottle of wine !
It appears that drug dealing is big , in the way it is everywhere in this part of the world , and that this was probably part of a turf war .
An hour later the police arrived armed with Martini rifles .
I kid you not !
Each weapon was a veritable collectors piece and no match for whatever the dealers were using this year .
They were clearly deeply embarrassed by the incident and very unwilling to go any closer to the scene of the dispute with their ancient weapons .
In the hospital there is a plan to create a rehabilitation centre for all those who have been injured in this disaster .
It is depressingly rare that NGOs agree to work together but in this case Doctors of the World ( Médecins du Monde ) and Handicap International have agreed to collaborate to try to create a huge integrated service providing both physical and psychological support for the thousands left damaged by this earthquake .
There are actually great synergies between the two organisations and if this works it should be a quite wonderful initiative , which should make a real difference for thousands of people .
My son who is studying Aid to the Third World has just introduced me to a new phrase ' Pink collar workers ' which I had never encountered before .
If I have understood this concept correctly , pink collar workers are people in Third World countries trained to provide an international service such as Call Centres etc .
You and I may sneer at them , but it is work like this which may provide some kind of future to those who have been disabled by this earthquake and so lost any other chance of earning a living .
In the hospital itself there is still no sign that we are really keeping pace with the workload .
Each morning there is a queue of several hundred waiting for the Emergency Department to open , and each evening the queue is just as long .
The waiting time along the side of the main road in the hot sun must be around 8 hours before you even get logged into the system , and these patients are really very ill indeed .
It makes our efforts to see , treat and discharge patients within 4 hours at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford very creditable indeed .
I just wonder whether after all that waiting , we are providing what they really want .
Part 7 - A Personal View
What does the future hold for Haiti ?
It seems like yesterday that I arrived in Haiti , but nearly three weeks later a lot of water has gone under the bridge .
By all accounts the initial phase before I arrived was absolute chaos , as people struggled to escape from under the rubble and to understand what had happened to the world around them .
Haiti is not famed for its earthquakes .
It has had the odd tremor like many places in the world , but this disaster came like a bolt from the blue .
The buildings were not designed to resist an earthquake .
There was no contingency plan if one did occur .
But quite literally , within hours , the media were here in Haiti .
Reporters are always ready .
They are professionals whose bags are packed ready to leave at a moment 's notice .
Some of them have at their disposal the resources of multi-national news agencies that know how to get an airline ticket when the plane is full , and how to charter a helicopter which is already assigned to go elsewhere .
Quite literally their cameras are running before their feet touch the ground .
It is a little unfair but within hours of arriving they are demanding to know why the medical assistance still has not arrived .
After all they have been here for what feels like ages in news time .
Well , we medical workers are all volunteers with day jobs .
Our bags are not packed and we have to be invited by a Non-Government Organisation to help .
They can hardly ask us to help until they know what is needed .
Then they have to put together the team and equipment to support that job .
Perhaps it would give a more realistic picture if the media interspersed the pictures of people being rescued from the rubble with pictures of the Doctors of the World ( Médecins du Monde ) offices in Paris , London , Montreal , Madrid etc with their lights on all night as the staff work flat out to prepare and equip an emergency team ?
Then they might want to come into some of our homes to film the conversations that we were having with our partners about whether we could / should go ?
That might give a more balanced picture of what was going on behind the scenes in those first days .
At first the surgeons coming in and the local surgeons who had survived , were often amputating ruined limbs ( about 10 % of the surgery we made ) as well as trying to relieve the terrible pressure that develops in limbs which have been crushed .
It is a sad time .
Yesterday we finally lost the battle for another young patient .
The muscle death was slowly creeping up the limb poisoning his kidneys .
However , within ten days we were able to start reconstructing peoples ' limbs .
In a few weeks from now the long slog will start of fitting artificial limbs and getting people mobile again so that they can start living their lives as independent individuals once more .
It is a sad time .
Yesterday we finally lost the battle for another young patient .
The muscle death was slowly creeping up the limb poisoning his kidneys .
Up till then I had tried to be optimistic with him as he struggled with the pain and the hallucinations produced by the anaesthetics .
I had to sit down and tell him what I had known in my heart for several days .
He is only 22 years old and must lose his leg above the knee .
The family are heart broken and asked if one of them could be present when we did the final assessment under anaesthetic , just to be sure that it was absolutely necessary .
They sent his 16 year cousin .
Brave girl , she had to stand there as I explained and showed her what we were fighting .
In my halting French I tried to tell enough but not too much .
When she bowed her head , I knew that she had seen as much as she could take , and a nurse led her away .
We now need to start running down our surgical initiative , not because the demand for surgery has vanished - it certainly has not - but because a surgical team was put in place to deal with a special need i.e. to help with the injuries caused by the earthquake .
That task is now finishing .
We are now handing all our patients back to the Haitian orthopaedic surgeons and very good surgeons they are too .
Their problem is that even without an earthquake , there is far too much work for them .
The big question for all of us is what the future holds for Haiti .
Is this earthquake going to be a further nail in a coffin already riddled with problems , or could it be used to be the catalyst for some kind of radical change , which would start Haiti on the road to becoming a developed country ?
Great idea .
Part 8 - Going Home
My last few days in Haiti were difficult .
I was tired and one part of me was desperate to get home to my friends and family , to sleep in a real bed , and eat some healthy food .
Another side of me was equally desperate to stay .
We now knew what we were doing and were working fast , as a tight team .
Even my French was beginning to improve !
But most importantly , we had got to know some of our patients very well and were very fond of them .
We had looked after them through thick and thin , and they trusted us .
I think we all wanted to see them through to the end of their treatment .
But we were all exhausted .
It is estimated that there are now around 3000 new amputees in Haiti
We had been sprinting for three weeks .
Working seven days a week , Michel and I between us had done just under 500 operations .
We had been supported by a fantastic team of anaesthetists , nurses and logisticians who just kept the patients coming and made sure that we had everything we needed to do the best job possible under the circumstances .
The surge of open amputations and infected wounds was now under control .
So , the surgical crisis was over .
But now the long slow marathon of rehabilitation had to start .
It is estimated that there are now around 3000 new amputees in Haiti , so there is going to be an unprecedented demand for artificial limbs , limb fitters , and rehabilitation .
Luckily two big charities ' Medecins du Monde ' and ' Handicap International ' have decided to join forces and are setting up a programme to get these amputees fitted with useful limbs .
In the first instance this work will have to be done by expatriate volunteers , but the task must be handed to the Haitians as soon as possible .
It is their country and at the end of the day the solution must lie in their hands .
So the workshops and the rehabilitation centres will be training Haitians to make and fit artificial limbs at the same time as treating amputees .
It is going to be very difficult to fund , because already Haiti is beginning to slide into the media twilight , out of that bright spotlight which generates funds .
Looking back there are some things which stand out .
There was a very small British input in the early stages .
Oxfam have and still do a great job helping with water and sanitation .
Merlin were one of the first to get a surgical team onto the ground .
But for a country which I gather donated more money to help in this disaster than the rest of Europe put together I do wonder if Britain 's footprint in any way represented our concern .
I just wonder if Britain needs a volunteer stabilisation force ready to deploy at a moment 's notice , to help in circumstances like this .
The French have one and it is very good .
Back in England it is cold and wet but it is lovely to be home .
Walking into the John Radcliffe Hospital I am literally dazzled by the clean floors and the sense that everyone is quietly busy .
There are no cracks running down the walls , no blue - bottle flies wobbling drunkenly over infected dressings , no patients lying in rows of stretchers laid out on the ground , sweating in the heat .
My colleagues in the hospital are all very kind and supportive .
I know that they would have gone to Haiti like a flash in my place , and would certainly have done a better job too , but whatever they were thinking they were kind enough to keep to themselves .
The media still want interview after interview , and of course this suits the NGOs very well .
This is their oxygen .
This is how they raise funds to do what they do , so I must do it , but actually it is quite harrowing talking about some of the things I have seen , and of course those are the parts they most want to hear .
The interviewers are very gentle but my knees are shaking at the start of each interview as I pray that I do n't say something stupid .
But their questions are sensible , and they are all very well briefed .
They genuinely seem interested in what I have to say .
I am rather touched because they must have to deal with this sort of thing all day every day , and it is nice to realise that they are humans too , albeit doing a tough job .
" Will I go back ? " they ask me .
Of course I will , if I am asked .
I so want to see what happens .
I would just love to see Haiti break the downward spiral of poverty , drugs , HIV and violence which has gripped it for years .
Perhaps only an earthquake can do that , but it is difficult to see how .
So really this blog ends now .
I have to thank Harry Beer at BBC Oxford for setting it up and giving me so much moral support in those first interviews with the lovely Malcolm Boyden .
Then there is Vicky my partner , the rock in the system , always there at the end of Skype when the going gets tough and there at the end of the day to pick up the bits when I get home .
Last but not least my thanks go out to Phillipe Cottin , the artist and photographer who took wonderful photographs , translated these blogs into French , improving them at the same time , and gave me a wonderful insight into French military history .
And all these years I had thought that we won against Napoleon !
Thank you for reading this all and 'au revoir ' or ' a bientot ' .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Our cameras were working overtime over this past holiday weekend to bring you all the action that went down in Tinseltown .
We first caught up with Sylvester Stallone at Mr. Chow in Beverly Hills , where the Italian Stallion switched it up with a little Chinese food .
Sly 's good pal James Caan also joined the feast , and Nick Cannon was also on hand for a quick bite .
From there , we stopped by our usual celeb hang out Hyde , a very trendy spot that seems to be getting even more popular with young stars by the day .
" Laguna Beach " alum Kristin Cavallari rolled through , as well as TMZ 's favorite vixen Elisha Cuthbert .
Newlyweds Avril Lavigne and Sum 41 frontman Deryck Whibley also made it out .
The biggest surprise was a glowing Courtney Love , who showed the paparazzi she still knows how to strike a pose .
