Analysis Google last week touted the benefits and ease of switching to IPv6 , the next generation internet protocol , while the IT world in general remains resolutely indifferent about the technology .
Uptake of IPv6 is low , despite predictions that IP v4 numbers will become used up in as little as two years .
A recent survey by the Internet Society found that many within a small sample of internet industry heavy hitters reckoned IP v6 uptake was being driven more by fashion than a strong business case .
That 's far from a universal view , with Google amongst the strongest proponents of early adoption of the next generation internet technology .
A team of Google engineers has worked on an IP v6 transition project on a part - time basis for about 18 months .
The work means that the majority of the search engine giant 's applications and services have supported IPv6 ( as explained here ) since January .
Google Maps IP v6 support was added last month .
" We can provide all Google services over IPv6 , " Google network engineer Lorenzo Colitti said during a panel discussion at a meeting of the Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) last week .
Google engineers took IP v6 from the development of network architecture blueprints and software engineering work , through a trial phase , until Google made IP v6 - based services publicly available .
The project used 20 per cent of a team of Google engineers ' time between July 2007 until its completion in January 2009 .
Putting together a pilot IP v6 network " was not expensive " nor particularly difficult , according to Colitti , who advised organisations to roll out next - generation IP v6 networks in stages .
Colitti said that moving to IPv6 reduces the infrastructure and support costs associated with piece - meal upgrades to existing IP v4 systems , such as the addition of additional layers of Network Address Translator kit .
NAT equipment allows multiple internet - connected devices to present the same IP address .
Colitti's paper on the benefits of IPv6 , presented during the conference , can be found here .
Chicken and Egg
Google recently hosted a conference for IPv6 implementers , shortly after the ad aggregator published a manifesto on why IPv6 was a significant technology .
By expanding the number of IP addresses - enough for three billion addresses for every person on the planet - IP v6 will clear the way for the next generation of VoIP , video conferencing , mobile applications , " smart " appliances ( Internet - enabled heating systems , cars , refrigerators , and other devices ) and other novel applications .
In a report prepared for the National Institute of Standards & Technology in 2005 , RTI International estimated annual benefits in excess of $ 10 billion .
Unfortunately , IP v6 presents a classic chicken - and - egg problem .
The benefits of any one network operator , device vendor , application and content provider , or Internet user adopting IP v6 are limited if there is not a critical mass of other adopters .
As a result , adoption lags .
Despite this enthusiasm ( from Google at least ) only a minority of organisations , admittedly very significant players including the US federal government , engineering services firm Bechtel , UK academic network JANET and err ...
The Pirate Bay , have embraced the next - generation Internet protocol .
PEOPLE or CITIZEN WHICH ONE ARE YOU ?
PEOPLE
HISTORY
Before the United States existed , there was no legal government .
A group of representatives , acting " in the name and by the authority of the good people of these colonies , " declared the independence of the colonies from the British Crown and the state of Great Britain .
From the beginning , in the 1776 Declaration of Independence , the people were acknowledged as the source of authority , i.e. the sovereignty which authorized the Declaration of Independence .
Next came the 1778 Articles of Confederation .
The states that existed by the authority of the people , created those Articles while in Congress assembled .
That did n't work as well as expected .
In 1787 the people themselves came forth " to ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America " [ see Preamble ] .
On September 17th , 1787 , the states held a convention and all those present unanimously joined in .
[ see last paragraph of U.S. Constitution ]
So , in 1787 , unanimous concurrence was achieved and the Constitution was born , later to be ratified .
PREAMBLE
" We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquillity , provide for the common defense , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America . "
STRUCTURE OF PREAMBLE
TRUSTOR : We the People [ trustors ]
VENUE : of the United States
PURPOSE : in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquillity , provide for the common defense , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty
BENEFICIARY : to ourselves and our Posterity ,
ENABLING ACTION 1 : do ordain [ declare the law ]
ENABLING ACTION 2 : and establish [ bring into existence ]
WHAT : this Constitution [ articles of incorporation for trust ]
TRUSTEE : for the United States of America . [ trustee ]
ANALYSIS OF PREAMBLE
The Preamble defines the context in which the remainder of the Constitution must be interpreted .
Most of it is self explanatory .
Here 's an explanation that points to popular sovereignty :
After the Declaration of Independence , but before the ordainment and establishment of the Constitution , the people of the United States pretty much handled their own affairs using the common law .
They were not subject to any higher authority other than the authority of the common law as administered by the people themselves ( self governance ) .
Although the states did exist , they only existed by the authority of the people .
Every man was a king , and every woman a queen -- and none had any subjects .
Upon declaring our independence , we all became sovereigns and members of the peerage ( nobility ) .
" The people of this State , as the successors of its former sovereign , are entitled to all the rights which formerly belonged to the King by his prerogative .
Through the medium of their Legislature they may exercise all the powers which previous to the Revolution could have been exercised either by the King alone , or by him in conjunction with his Parliament ; subject only to those restrictions which have been imposed by the Constitution of this State or of the U.S. "
Lansing v. Smith , 21 D. 89 . , 4 Wendel 9 ( 1829 ) ( New York )
" D. " = Decennial Digest
Lansing v. Smith , 4 Wend. 9 ( N.Y. ) ( 1829 ) , 21 Am.Dec. 89
10C Const. Law Sec. 298 ; 18 C Em.Dom .
Sec. 3 , 228 ;
37 C Nav.Wat. Sec. 219 ; Nuls Sec. 1`67 ; 48 C Wharves Sec. 3 , 7 .
NOTE : Am.Dec.=American Decision , Wend. = Wendell ( N.Y . )
The enabling actions in the Preamble are significant because there is simply nothing in the use of those words to imply that the People relinquished any of their own power and authority .
The People declared the law ( ordain ) without taking away from themselves the authority to declare law again in the future .
The People established the Constitution without taking away from themselves the authority to establish anything else in the future .
In other words , the people gave birth to the Constitution without giving up any of their own power and authority .
What was before , continues to be so today .
From the context of the Preamble , one may conclude that the laws of the United States do not apply to People .
The People , as ordainers and establishers of the country are sovereigns of the country , may not be involuntarily subjected to the laws of the United States .
Because of Amendment X ( " The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people , " the government has no authority , and cannot assume any authority over the People .
Government powers may not reach beyond that which is constitutionally granted .
In order for the government to subject People to its law it is necessary for the People to relinquish their sovereignty .
Sovereignty is a natural right which cannot lawfully be relinquished involuntarily .
Any removal of sovereignty must be accomplished voluntarily by the subject himself .
DEFINITION OF CITIZEN OF THE UNITED STATES
Before ratification of the Amendment XIV , there was no legal definition of the term " citizen of the United States . "
The term was used , but only generally .
After the Civil War the slaves were freed but there was no legal basis to recognize them as having any rights .
Amendment XIV partially solved that problem .
" Free the slaves , " was the rallying cry combined with the Civil War that resulted in Amendment XIV .
Amendment XIV created a new class of person called " citizen of the United States . "
Any ex-slave could now claim citizenship , and , by the way , so could any of the People if they so chose to do .
Amendment XIV made possible the voluntary relinquishment of personal sovereignty .
It was also during the mid 1800's that the various governments took control of the school systems .
The curriculum shifted from civics ( the study of natural rights and common law ) to American government ( the study of civil privileges and statutory law ) .
Emphasis was also refocused on " good citizenship " .
To blunt the people 's perception , the civil privileges were called civil rights .
The transition from teaching " natural rights " to teaching " civil rights " took about 100 years ( from the 1850's to the 1950's ) .
During the 1950's the school systems changed the courses named from " Civics " to " American Government . "
Hardly anyone now is aware of the subject of civics as a school course .
The phrase , " citizens of the United States , " is defined in the Constitution for the United States of America , Amendment XIV :
AMENDMENT XIV
Section 1 . " All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside .
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . "
Section 5 . " The Congress shall have the power to enforce , by appropriate legislation , the provisions of this article . "
STRUCTURE OF AMENDMENT XIV
WHO : All persons
QUALIFICATION :
( A ) born or naturalized in the United States , and
( B ) subject to the jurisdiction thereof
PURPOSE : No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . "
ENFORCED BY : The Congress
ENFORCEMENT METHOD : Legislation
QUALITATIVE ANALYSIS OF AMENDMENT XIV
As discussed above , the People are sovereign .
The People are not subject to the jurisdiction of the federal government , even though they are born in the United States .
Amendment XIV inverts the relationship .
One of the qualifications to be a citizen of the United States is that one must be born or naturalized in the United States .
Another qualification is that one must be , " subject to the jurisdiction thereof . "
It is not possible to be a citizen of the United States without being born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof .
But , if you are born or naturalized , and if you are subject to the jurisdiction , then you automatically qualify as a citizen of the United States .
From the point of view of the federal enforcers , the qualifications are worked in reverse .
They reverse - interpret Amendment XIV as saying that if you say you are a citizen of the United States , then that automatically means you are totally subject to its jurisdiction [ and have been born or naturalized ] .
This opinion is not shared by the judicial branch .
See 14 C.J.S. 426 , 430 :
The particular meaning of the word " citizen " is frequently dependent on the context in which it is found [ 25 ] , and the word must always be taken in the sense which best harmonizes with the subject matter in which it is used [ 26 ] .
" One may be considered a citizen for some purposes and not a citizen for other purposes , as , for instance , for commercial purposes , and not for political purposes [ 27 ] .
So , a person may be a citizen in the sense that as such he is entitled to the protection of his life , liberty , and property , even though he is not vested with the suffrage or other political rights [ 28 ] . " [ 25 ] Cal. -- Prowd v. Gore , 2 Dist . 207 P. 490. 57 C.A. 458 .
[ 26 ] Cal. -- Prowd v. Gore. 2 Dist. 207 P. 490. 57 C.A. 458 .
La.--Lepenser v Griffin , 83 So. 839 , 146 La. 584
N.Y.-- Union Hotel Co. v. Hersee , 79 N.Y. 454
[ 27 ] U.S. -- The Friendschaft , N.C. , 16 U.S. 14 , 3 Wheat .
14 , 4 L.Ed. 322
-- Murray v. The Charming Betsy , 6 U.S. 64 , 2 Cranch 64 , 2 L.Ed. 208
Md.--Risewick v. Davis , 19 Md. 82
Mass .-- Judd v. Lawrence , 1 Cush 531
R.I. -- Greeough v. Tiverton Police Com'rs , 74 A 785 , 30 R.I. 212
[ 28 ] Mass .-- Dillaway v. Burton , 153 N.E. 13 , 256 Mass. 568 "
ONE OF THE PEOPLE OR ONE OF THE CITIZENS ?
If you claim you are a citizen of the United States , then it is strongly implied ( though not necessarily true ) that you are subject to the laws of the United States .
On the other hand , if you are one of the People , then it is legally implied that you are a legal king , with a sovereignty superior to that of the United States , and subject only to the common law of the other kings ( your peers ) .
In short : the People are superior to the government , the government is superior to the citizens .
That is the hierarchy .
PEOPLE ---> GOVERNMENT ---> CITIZENS
As a citizen , you are only entitled to whatever your sovereign grants to you .
You have no rights .
If you wish to do something that would be otherwise illegal , you must apply for a license giving you special permission .
If there is no license available , and if there is no specific permission granted in the statutes , then you must apply for special permission or a waiver in order to do it .
Your only allegiance is to your sovereign ( the government ) , and that allegiance is mandated by your sovereign 's law ( the government , though not absolutely sovereign , is sovereign relative to you if you claim to be a citizen of the sovereign ) .
Here is a typical example :
As one of the People you have a right to travel , unrestricted , upon the public highways .
You have right to carry guests with you in your automobile .
You have a right to own a gun and that right shall not be impaired by your servant , the government .
You have a right to a grand jury indictment and a trial by jury , that is a trial directly by the people , not the government .
As one of the citizens , you may not travel by automobile unless you are either a licensed motor vehicle driver , or you are a passenger with permission to be on board .
Gun ownership is a privilege subject to definition and regulation .
You do not have a right to a jury trial in all cases , and no right to grand jury indictment - - a trial is a trial by the government , not the people .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News , Prague
This result completes the first phase of the brain simulation project A detailed simulation of a small region of a brain built molecule by molecule has been constructed and has recreated experimental results from real brains .
The " Blue Brain " has been put in a virtual body , and observing it gives the first indications of the molecular and neural basis of thought and memory .
Scaling the simulation to the human brain is only a matter of money , says the project 's head .
The work was presented at the European Future Technologies meeting in Prague .
The Blue Brain project launched in 2005 as the most ambitious brain simulation effort ever undertaken .
While many computer simulations have attempted to code in " brain - like " computation or to mimic parts of the nervous systems and brains of a variety of animals , the Blue Brain project was conceived to reverse - engineer mammal brains from real laboratory data and to build up a computer model down to the level of the molecules that make them up .
The first phase of the project is now complete ; researchers have modeled the neocortical column - a unit of the mammalian brain known as the neocortex which is responsible for higher brain functions and thought .
" The thing about the neocortical column is that you can think of it as an isolated processor .
It is very much the same from mouse to man - it gets a bit larger a bit wider in humans , but the circuit diagram is very similar , " Henry Markram , leader of the Blue Brain project and founder of the Brain Mind Institute in Switzerland , told BBC News .
He added that , when evolution discovered this " mammalian secret " , it duplicated it many many times and then " used it as it needed more and more functionality " .
Virtually there
It 's a matter of if society wants this .
If they want it in 10 years , they 'll have it in 10 years .
Henry Markram
Brain Mind Institute Professor Markram told the Science Beyond Fiction conference that the column is being integrated into a virtual reality agent - a simulated animal in a simulated environment , so that the researchers will be able to observe the detailed activities in the column as the animal moves around the space .
" It starts to learn things and starts to remember things .
We can actually see when it retrieves a memory , and where they retrieved it from because we can trace back every activity of every molecule , every cell , every connection and see how the memory was formed . "
The next phase of the project will make use of a more advanced version of the IBM Blue Gene supercomputer that was used in the research to date .
" The next phase is beginning with a ' molecularisation ' process : we add in all the molecules and biochemical pathways to move toward gene expression and gene networks .
We could n't do that on our first supercomputer . "
Organised columns of neurons have been simulated molecule by molecule Moreover , Professor Markram thinks the exponential rise in computing power will allow the project in 10 to 20 years to integrate many facets of medicine , right down to genomic profile , eventually creating a vast database for " personalised medicine " .
Such an approach would allow researchers to simulate , on the level of an individual , how they will respond to a given drug or treatment .
Emerging arts
The conference is a meeting to foster high - risk , multidisciplinary research in information and communication technologies ( ICT ) , and as such is a mix of many types of researchers , from computer scientists to biologists .
Not all of them agree that the lofty ultimate goals of the Blue Brain project are achievable .
Wolfgang Wahlster of the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence , and a chief German government scientific adviser on ICT , thinks that the reductionist strategy of the project is flawed - that it wo n't see the forest for the trees .
" Imagine you could follow in one of the most advanced Pentium chips today what each and every transistor is doing right now , " he told BBC News .
" Then I ask , ' What is happening ?
Is Word running ?
Are you doing a Google search ? '
You could n't answer .
Looking at this level you cannot figure it out .
" This is very interesting research and I 'm not criticising it , but it does n't help us in computer science in having the intelligent behaviour of humans replicated . "
Professor Markram believes that by building up from one neocortical column to the entire neocortex , the ethereal " emergent properties " that characterise human thought will , step by step , make themselves apparent .
" They are not things that are easily predicted by just knowing elements - by definition - but by putting them together you can explore the principles , where they came from .
Basically that 's what we 're after : understanding the principles of emergent properties . "
Such emergent properties lead to the very essence of being human - the spatial awareness of lower mammals graduates to political views and artistic expression in humans .
When asked when the simulation would come up with something artistic or an invention , Professor Markram said it was simply a matter of money .
" It 's not a question of years , it 's one of dollars .
The psychology is there today and the technology is there today .
It 's a matter of if society wants this .
If they want it in 10 years , they 'll have it in 10 years .
If they want it in 1000 years , we can wait . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
10 World ’s Biggest and Most Amazing Holes
Chuquicamata , Chile
Chuquicamata is an open pit copper mine in Chile .
It is the mine with the largest total production of copper in the world – though it is not the largest copper mine .
The mine is over 850 meters deep .
Udachnaya Pipe , Russia
The Udachnaya Pipe is a diamond mine in Russia .
The owners of the mine plan to cease its operations in 2010 – in favor of underground mining .
The mine was discovered in 1955 and is over 600 meters deep .
Sink hole , Guatemala
In 2007 , a 300 foot deep sinkhole swallowed a dozen homes in Guatemala – killing 2 and causing thousands to be evacuated .
The sinkhole was caused by rains and an underground sewage flow .
Diavik Mine , Canada
The Diavik Mine is a mine in the Northwest territories of Canada .
The mine ( opened in 2003 ) produces 8 million carats or about 1,600 kg ( 3,500 lb ) of diamonds every year .
Mirny Diamond Mine , Siberia
The Mirny Diamond Mine is 525 m deep and has a diameter of 1200 m .
It was the first , and one of the largest , diamond Pipes in the USSR .
It is now abandoned .
While it was still operational , it would take two hours for trucks to drive from the top to the bottom of the mine .
Great Blue Hole , Belize
The Great Blue Hole is an underwater sinkhole off the coast of Belize .
The hole is 1,000 feet across and 400 feet deep .
It was formed as a limestone cave during the last iceage .
Bingham Canyon Mine , Utah
The Bingham Canyon Mine is a copper mine in the Oquirrh mountains , Utah .
The mine is 0.75 mile ( 1.2 km ) deep , 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) wide .
It is the world ’s largest manmade excavation .
Monticello Dam , California
The Monticello Dam is a dam in Napa County , California , United States most noted for its large circular spillway with a rate of 48,400 cubic feet per second .
Kimberley Diamond Mine , South Africa
The Kimberley Diamond Mine ( also known as the Big Hole ) holds the ( disputed ) title of being the largest hand - dug hole in the world .
From 1866 to 1914 50,000 miners dug the hole with picks and shovels , yielding 2,722 kg of diamonds .
Attempts are being made to have it registered as a world heritage site .
Darvaza Gas Crater , Turkmenistan
In 1971 , geologists discovered a massive underground deposit of natural gas on this site .
Whilst excavating the hole to tap the gas , the drilling rig collapsed leaving a massive hole .
To prevent poisonous gasses from escaping , the hole was allowed to burn .
It continues to burn to this day and has done so without ceasing .
( New York ) - The United Arab Emirates should investigate and prosecute the torture of an Afghan grain dealer by a royal family member , Shaikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan , and the police , Human Rights Watch said in a letter today to the UAE president ( https://www.hrw.org/node/82751 ) .
Videotaped evidence appears to show Shaikh al Nahyan and the police beating , using electric cattle prods on , and driving over the Afghani man .
Human Rights
Watch called on the government to immediately establish an independent body to investigate both the torture of the man , Mohammed Shah Poor , and the Ministry of Interior 's failure to bring those involved to justice .
A videotape of the attack was shown on an ABC News program on April 22 , 2009 ( http://abcnews.go.com/video/playerIndex?id=7407186 ) .
" The government 's failure to prosecute those involved in this undisputed incident of torture and abuse at the hands of a royal family member and the police is an appalling miscarriage of justice , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
" What 's even more shocking is the government 's insistence that it investigated and found no violation of UAE laws . "
According to credible information , including the videotape featured on the ABC News segment , Shaikh al Nahyan tortured Poor in October or November 2004 , with the assistance of police and others , using whips , electric cattle prods and wooden planks with protruding nails .
Shaikh al Nahyan also poured a large container of salt on Poor 's bleeding wounds .
Near the end of the video , Shaikh positioned Poor on the desert sand and then drove over him repeatedly ; the sound of what appears to be breaking bones is audible on the tape .
Poor survived , although he still had to spend months in hospital with broken bones and internal injuries .
The acts shown on the video constitute clear violations of the UAE's Constitution as well as international human rights law .
Human Rights
Watch received a copy of a letter sent by the UAE's Ministry of Interior on April 8 , 2009 to ABC News , in which the ministry did not characterize the abuse in question as torture , but simply as an assault that the parties subsequently settled " privately . "
It further concluded that its investigation found that the police " followed all rules , policies and procedures correctly . "
Neither the police department nor the Ministry of Interior has made public the findings of the police review and investigation of the matter , or the basis for their conclusion of proper police conduct .
In its letter , Human Rights Watch urged UAE President Shaikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan to establish an independent body with authority not only to investigate the torture episode but to also recommend disciplinary steps or criminal prosecution of persons implicated in abuse .
" Law enforcement officials become criminals when they inflict or tolerate torture , " said Whitson .
" The UAE government needs to act now if it is to restore public confidence in the country 's criminal justice system and to show that the rule of law , and not impunity for its violators , is the policy of the country . "
The Human Rights Watch letter urges the UAE government to publicly and unequivocally renounce the use of torture and physical abuse by the police , others in positions of authority , or private citizens , and to reaffirm its commitment to abide by international law provisions banning the use of torture and other cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment .
Human Rights
Watch called for police training on the acceptable use of force under international law .
The torture incident also highlights why the UAE should revise its draft media law ( https://www.hrw.org/en/news/2009/04/06/just-good-news-please ) and , among other things , remove Article 32 , which provides a fine of up to 5,000,000 dirhams ( US $ 1,350,000 ) against anyone who " disparages " senior government personnel or members of the royal family .
Despite receiving international news coverage , media in the UAE have been reluctant to report on the incident .
Okay , it ’s official , said Owen Thomas in Valleywag .
Twitter makes you evil , according to a University of Southern California study .
Or , more precisely , people caught up in the rapid flow of information in some online social spaces , such as Twitter , do n’t have enough time to process the moral implications of their exchanges .
But that ’s by design , because Twitter was meant to be “ empty of values except for the cultish worship of the now . ”
Come on , said Sarah Perez in Read Write Web .
Yesterday we heard about a bogus study saying Facebook users get bad grades in school , and now we ’re getting another updating of the “ TV rots your brain ” mantra of the last century .
Maybe it ’s true that people are n’t as compassionate as they could be while monitoring a string of tweets , but “ we do , in fact , still feel things . ”
Of course , said Samantha Rose Hunt in TG Daily , but our ability to rapidly sort information erodes our capacity to sense the needs or pain of others , according to the study , to be published next week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
So if you try to process your friends ’ tweets too quickly , you could miss what they ’re really trying to say .
As the economy continues to suffer , many people are cutting their budgets , looking for work , or preparing a plan of action in case a layoff comes .
Fortunately , the Web offers some powerful new tools to help with those tasks .
After asking some experts and a number of unemployed friends for recommendations , I put together a list of sites that can truly make a difference , whether you 're conducting or anticipating a job search , or just trying to tighten the purse strings during these bad economic times .
Quicken Online
If your job does go away , a smart first step is to declare martial law on your budget , paring down or eliminating all but the most essential expenses .
I 've never ( seriously ) maintained a personal budget , but doing so will likely be one of the new experiences this downturn introduces me to .
Since I 'm unlikely to cut my broadband connection until I 'm literally starving , I looked for a solid ( and free ) online budgeting tool -- one that could pull information from elsewhere on the Web , and that was accessible from anywhere .
I settled on Intuit 's basic and free Quicken Online service .
The setup took all of 3 minutes , and before I knew it the service was pulling my income and expense information from the last nine months from my online bank account .
The service reads every line item and intelligently applies a category to each ( rent , food , entertainment , income , and so on ) , and then it charts where your money is going and gives you ideas on what you can cut back or eliminate .
Quicken miscategorized a few of my entries , but correcting them was a snap .
The service also sets up a series of alarms and reminders for when your bills are due , so that you never incur another late charge .
You can have the reminders sent to your e-mail or to your cell phone -- and yes , there 's an iPhone app .
( Also recommended : Mint . )
LinkedIn JobsInsider
One of the greatest comforts if you are unemployed ( or if you 're anticipating that you will be soon ) is having a strong network of professional and social friends .
Networking on sites such as LinkedIn , which focuses on career - related social networking , can be a powerful way to spread the word that you are looking for work , to advertise your expertise , to get difference - making recommendations from friends , and to find out about job opportunities .
But you already know that .
What 's new is that LinkedIn is developing some cool tools to help you while you 're hunting for job opportunities .
The company has introduced a downloadable browser add - on called LinkedIn JobsInsider that tells you , in a pane at the left side of your browser window , when you have a Linked In contact who might be able to help you with specific jobs you 've found while searching on job boards ( like Monster , for example ) .
Whether you have an " in " with a particular employer can make the difference between expending effort in pursuing the opportunity or spending time looking for something better .
" In fact , one Linked In contact can make all the difference in the world , " says Julie Erich , an insurance industry recruiter based in San Francisco .
" Put yourself in the shoes of the hiring manager who has 200 resumes on her desk .
She is busy and is looking for ways to reduce that pile to set of solid finalists who will make it to the second round . "
The mention of a mutual friend , in the real world or on Linked In , can cause the hiring manager to move your resume to the top of the pile , Erich says .
" It can get you an interview , [ whereas ] without that mutual friend you might have been lost in the stack . "
As you might imagine , LinkedIn and sites like it have seen a dramatic uptick in popularity since the economy took a nosedive .
A spokesperson told me that LinkedIn has seen a 65 percent increase in recommendations ( your friends / contacts saying nice things about you at your profile page ) since December 2008 .
Meanwhile , she says , the number of applicants per job listing on LinkedIn has doubled over the last 6 months , while the number of job listings has plummeted .
These days , a new member is signing up with Linked In at a rate of one per second .
SimplyHired
You 've already heard about the large employment sites , such as CareerBuilder , HotJobs , and Monster .
I 'm not a big believer in such sites , and I do n't often hear people talking about how wonderful any one of them is .
Instead I recommend a relative newcomer called SimplyHired , a startup with financial backing from News Corporation , which owns Fox Networks .
SimplyHired does for ( to ? ) job sites what Kayak does for travel sites :
It aggregates job listings from all over the Web , including from the big sites .
SimplyHired now lists about 4 million jobs .
I did a few sample searches on the site for marketing positions , and saw openings from perhaps ten different job boards , along with postings that came directly from the hiring companies .
The listings give the basic information about the opportunity , and then link you out to the listing at the hiring company 's site or at the job board .
I like the fact that SimplyHired takes advantage of the job data it aggregates to benefit its users .
For instance , the site mines the data to produce both salary averages and employment trends ( the number of opportunities listed month - to - month , for instance ) for the type of job you 're looking for .
SimplyHired also offers a couple of tools that seem to be more than window dressing .
One is a Google Maps mashup where you can plot out various commutes to the same job -- pretty useful , since the commute is an obvious factor in deciding whether to pursue a particular job listing .
DesperateDollars
DesperateDollars is filled with ideas for making money if you find yourself in really dire straits -- things like getting tattoos for money , growing and selling your own food , doing for - pay surveys and secret - shopping assignments , volunteering for paid clinical tests , or donating sperm , blood , or hair .
The site is n't the prettiest thing in the world to look at , but I found the assortment of money - making ideas entertaining , as well as somewhat of a comfort :
It 's a reminder that the world does n't end if you lose your job .
With a little creativity , in times of desperation you can still go out and bring home the bacon .
Free Napkin
FreeNapkin is like an eBay for free stuff .
The site is a magnet for two types of people : folks looking for an easy way to recycle stuff they do n't need by finding a new home for it , and those who are trying to cut costs by getting used stuff for free instead of going out and buying it .
The " givers " post pictures and information about the items they want to dump , and the first FreeNapkin " claimer " to call dibs on the item wins it .
The claimer pays the shipping on the item , or picks it up in person ( the site filters the donations by city ) .
People have given away everything from dogs to farm equipment on FreeNapkin .
I 've never donated or claimed anything on FreeNapkin ; but judging by the number of listings , the site seems to work well .
FreeNapkin is no marvel of fancy
Web design , but it gets bonus points for hitting squarely on the need to conserve and reuse things in tough economic times .
A former nun 's tell - all story which details illicit relationships , sexual harassment and bullying in the convent where she spent three decades is causing ructions in the Catholic Church in the south Indian state of Kerala .
In Amen – an autobiography of a nun , Sister Jesme says when she became a nun she discovered priests were forcing novices to have sex with them .
There were also secret homosexual relationships among the nuns and at one point she was forced into such a relationship by another nun who told her she preferred this kind of arrangement as it ruled out the possibility of pregnancy .
" I did not want to make this book controversial .
I want to express my feelings and to explain what happened to me ...
I want people to know how I have suffered , " she told The Independent last night , speaking from the town of Kozhikode .
" People say that everything is OK , but I was in the convent and I want them to know what goes on .
I have concerns for others . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Sister Jesme , who quit last year as the principal of a Catholic college in Thrissur , alleges senior nuns tried to have her committed to a mental institution after she spoke out against them .
In her book , she says that while travelling through Bangalore , she was once directed to stay with a purportedly pious priest who took her to a garden " and showed me several pairs cuddling behind trees .
He also gave me a sermon on the necessity of physical love and described the illicit affairs that certain bishops and priests had " .
The priest took her to his home , stripped off his clothes and ordered her to do the same .
She also alleges that while senior staff turned a blind eye to the actions of more experienced nuns , novices were strongly punished , even for minor transgressions .
She was not allowed to go home after she learnt her father had died .
" I was able to see [ the body of ] my father barely 15 minutes before the funeral , " she writes .
" The [ response ] of the superiors was that the then senior sisters were not even lucky enough to see the bodies of their parents . "
When she resigned as a college principal , she claimed convents had become " houses of torture " , saying : " The mental torture was unbearable .
When I questioned the church 's stand on self - financing colleges and certain other issues , they accused me of having mental problems .
They have even sent me to a psychiatrist .
There are many nuns undergoing ill - treatment from the order , but they are afraid of challenging it .
The church is a formidable fortress . "
The allegations are not the only controversy to rock the Catholic Church in Kerala .
Last summer , a 23 - year - old novice committed suicide and left a note saying she had been harassed by her Mother Superior .
Reports suggest there have been a number of similar suicides .
And in November , police in Kerala arrested two priests and a nun in connection with the killing of Sister Abhaya in a notorious 1992 murder .
Last night , a spokesman for the Syro - Malabar order of the Catholic Church , Dr Paul Thelakkat , dismissed Sister Jesme 's allegations as a " book of trivialities " .
" It 's her experiences , but these are things that might creep into a society of communal living , " he said .
Asked if the church would be shocked by the allegations , he replied : " Absolutely not .
The church knows about these things . "
The bulldozer came for the Abbasi family house just before 10 am on Monday , grinding up the steep , narrow hill in the district of Silwan , in East Jerusalem .
Dozens of policemen and security forces surrounded the house and then banged on the metal front door .
" They pushed me and shoved me .
I was terrified , " said Ghadir al - Abbasi , who was in the house with the three youngest of her six children .
" I told them , ' This is the only place we have , where else are we going to live ? '
They shouted back to me : ' Silence .
You do n't have a house any more . ' "
She persuaded them to let her collect her identity card , then the police removed some of the family 's furniture , including a red sofa which was dumped in the street .
Moments later the bulldozer demolished the single - storey , breeze - block house .
Now Ghadir and her husband Mahmoud , a labourer , live with their children in a tent pitched next to the rubble .
Since 2004 around 400 houses have been demolished in East Jerusalem .
Israeli authorities say the demolitions are the result of a strict legal process because so much Palestinian construction in the east of the city is done without a permit .
The municipality said this week that it was only following the law and that enforcement of its planning policies was " completely equal between East and west Jerusalem " .
But is difficult for Palestinians to obtain permits and strict zoning laws leave little space in East Jerusalem for Palestinians to build – even though Jewish settlements in the east continue to expand .
Mahmoud al - Abbasi , 40 , admitted he had no permit for his house , which he finished building a year and a half ago at a cost of £ 30,000 on land inherited from his grandfather .
He applied for a permit but was refused , and applied again after the house was built .
Most of his neighbours have also built without permits .
Some are forced to pay fines , others are ignored ; all hope they will never face demolition .
" The Israelis do n't want the Arabs here in this area , " said Abbasi .
" That 's why they are removing us .
They are destroying us , putting pressure on us to leave this country .
But we will never leave .
This is our land , our home . "
Jeff Halper , an anthropologist and director of the Israeli Committee Against House Demolitions , said the combined effect of settlement growth and house demolitions in East Jerusalem was to extend Israel 's " matrix of control " and to fragment the Palestinian population in the city .
" It has two effects .
One is to Judaise the entire city , in other words to eliminate the idea that there is an East Jerusalem , to create one unified , Jewish Jerusalem .
Israel sees this as one urban area , " he said .
" The second is to isolate this Jewish Jerusalem from the rest of Palestinian society around so that it does n't become a political centre for the Palestinians . "
US President Barack Obama has lifted all curbs on travel and money transfers by Cuban - Americans to the island for the first time in three decades .
But the move left a longstanding US trade embargo largely intact , with the White House saying it was up to the Cuban government whether Mr Obama 's steps , which were in line with his campaign promises , would result in a thawing of chilled relations between the two sides .
The announcement of the dramatic shift in US policy towards Cuba was made not by Mr Obama , but by his media spokesman Robert Gibbs .
" It 's time to let Cuban Americans see their mothers and fathers , their sisters and brothers , " he said .
" It 's time to let Cuban American money make their families less dependent on the Castro regime . "
Gone are the restrictions on how often Americans can travel to Cuba to visit their family members and how long they can stay on the island nation .
The Obama Administration is also removing limits on the amount of money that can be sent to family members in Cuba .
US telecommunications companies will also be allowed to provide satellite radio , TV and mobile phone services to Cuba , if authorities there cooperate , and Americans will be allowed to pay for those services for their family members .
Mr Obama has indicated he is open to talks with Cuba 's leaders but there is no sign of that yet .
And like previous American presidents , Mr Obama says he will only consider lifting the 47 - year - old US trade embargo on Cuba once the communist Government holds democratic elections and improves human rights .
Visiting family
Sara Stephens from the Centre for Democracy in the Americas says the looser restrictions are welcome steps , but the President should do more for several reasons .
" It keeps the current policy intact , and it 's failed for 50 years , " she said .
" Second , it hurts Americans who still can't travel to Cuba or trade freely with Cuba , third , it does nothing to engage the Cuban government in substantive discussions about human rights , and last , it isolates the United States .
" Russia , China , everyone else on earth is on that island , and we are not . "
About 1.5 million Americans have relatives in Cuba and Tessie Aral runs a travel agency in Miami that specialises in trips to the communist country .
" Right now I have a customer outside , she just found her mother had breast cancer , so she was just going for her first one of the year , " Ms Aral said .
" When I told her , ' You can go again ' she was , like , ecstatic , because she can go visit her Mum that 's going to be starting chemotherapy .
" It 's just like any other type of passengers , that if they have to go visit their family they do n't want to be told ' you can't go ' . "
It would appear that Google is in town , image snapping and mapping our streets in preparation for introducing their " Street View " functionality to Toronto at some point in the future .
Yup .
I might even be in one of the shots .
On Thursday , I was sitting on the patio at Black Bull and I saw the Google car go by .
Without a camera on me , I was n't able to snap a photo , but blogTO Flickr pooler JL1967 was able to snap the above photo of Google 's high - tech street view grabber cruising on the Gardiner on April 2nd .
Toronto is amongst 11 Canadian cities that Google is planning to film and add to their list of Street View enabled cities .
Smile for the camera .
" There were no short cuts to finding them , but I did sense patterns emerging the further I searched which helped to guide how long I spent looking in particular areas , " he says
Credit : GOOGLE MAPS
Disconnect electrical grid from Internet , former terror czar Clarke warns David Edwards and Ron Brynaert
Published : Wednesday April 8 , 2009
Print This Email This The Wall Street Journal reported that spies from Russia and China have penetrated the United States power grid .
" The intruders have n't sought to damage the power grid or other key infrastructure , but officials warned they could try during a crisis or war , " the report said .
Former White House cyber security adviser Richard Clarke told ABC's Diane Sawyer that the U.S. should consider disconnecting the power grid from the internet to decrease the likelihood of attack .
Clarke , now an ABC consultant , called the " offensive cyber war units " being employed by foreign countries such as Russia " very serious . "
The onetime Counter Terrorism Czar , who famously criticized the Bush Administration for doing little to combat al Qaeda early in his first term before 9/11 , chided the Obama Administration for not moving fast enough to decide upon the best defense strategy to counter cyber attacks on key infrastructure .
" One thing you can do is disconnect the power grid control system from the internet , " Clarke said .
" There 's no reason for it to be connected . "
Clark adds ,
" It would cost a lot of money to do that but it would also cost a lot of money if one day we woke up and we did n't have electrical power . "
This video is from ABC's Good Morning America , broadcast Apr. 8 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Lieutenant Aldo Raine ( Brad Pitt ) organizes a group of Jewish soldiers to engage in targeted acts of retribution .
Known to their enemy as “ The Basterds , ” Raine ’s squad joins German actress and undercover agent Bridget Von Hammersmark ( Diane Kruger ) on a mission to take down the leaders of The Third Reich .
During the last year ’s promised to return this year at Cannes with his new film .
” The next movie I ’m doing is my World War II movie .
I just finished up the first draft and if all goes well , I will be here , in Cannes , in 2009 with “ Inglorious Bastards ” , Tarantino said then .
We can say now that he kept promising because it ’s been confirmed that “ ” will have its world premiere during the prestigious French film festival .
“ Inglorious Bastards ” will be “ ” at .
Tarantino previously won the Palme d’Or prize at Cannes for “ ” in 1994 .
He has n’t won any awards since then .
However , a decade later he has been invited back as a member of the jury .
Tarantino ’s “ ” was not in competition that year , but it did unspool on the fest ’s final night in its original 3 - hour - plus version .
The full 62nd Cannes Film Festival line - up will be unveiled on April 23 , with the festival running from May 13 - 24 , 2009 .
Universal and The Weinstein Company will debut “ Inglourious Basterds ” in theaters officially in the US on August 21st , 2009 .
The movie also starsand
Cramer fakes out his viewers on Stewart appearance David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday March 13 , 2009
Print This Email This
Any viewers who might have decided to take in Jim Cramer 's Mad Money on Friday in hopes of finding out how the CNBC host would react to the verbal thrashing he'd received from Comedy Central 's Jon Stewart the night before were doomed to disappointment .
Cramer started promisingly enough .
" Before we get started , I want to say something about what happened yesterday , " he began soberly .
" A lot of people are talking about what happened .
...
Although I was clearly outside of my safety zone , I have the utmost respect for this person , for the work that they do , no matter how uncomfortable it was to be on .
So I want you to take a look at this clip from yesterday of Cramer vs. Stewart ! "
At that point , it was revealed that the come - on had been nothing but a tease , as the clip turned out to show Cramer helping Martha Stewart -- on whose program he had appeared earlier on Thursday -- prepare what appeared to be a banana cream pie .
" You 're doing a very good job , " Martha said encouragingly .
As the clip ended , Cramer sneered , " Now back to business as usual . "
He never did mention Jon Stewart at all .
This video is from CNBC's Mad Money , broadcast Mar. 13 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
In an editorial for Forbes , Tim called for the the opening of the Kindle , else it will slowly turn obsolete .
Since I love my Kindle , I am happy that my friend , Jesse Vincent , a long time open source contributor and OSCON speaker , is trying to open the Kindle .
( You might remember him as the guy who discovered Amazon ’s USB - network easter - egg in the Kindle 2 last month . )
He is developing Savory , the first native Kindle application .
Savory is an open source epub and PDF converter that actually runs natively on the Kindle .
While it does n’t add anything that you could n’t do from a desktop , it streamlines the process , allowing you copy epubs and PDFs to your Kindle over USB or download them from the web , and immediately read them offline .
( O’ Reilly provides bookworm , which converts DRM free epubs to HTML and lets you read them through the Kindle ’s web browser , as well as DRM - free .mobi formatted versions of much of O’Reilly ’s catalog at O’Reilly Ebook Bundles . )
Here ’s Jesse on why he created Savory :
I ’m in love with my Kindle .
I ’ve been reading ebooks on screens of various sorts for many years , but the Kindle2 is the first device that I actually enjoy reading as much as I enjoy reading paper books .
I ’ve tried other ebook readers , but for a variety of reasons , they just do n’t work for me .
My goal is to make it easier for readers to read more free content on the Kindle .
Savory is based on the open source project Calibre — a python application that lets you convert between multiple ebook formats .
The implementation is a background daemon that uses inotify to immediately convert the file to the mobi format .
To get a performance boost , it uses unladen - swallow — Google ’s optimized version of Python .
I find it exciting that this paves the way for 3rd party applications on the Kindle .
While I wish that Amazon would follow Apple ’s path and make the Kindle DRM free , it is worthwhile to note that Savory itself does not deal with DRM at all .
Jesse says :
No .
Savory does not include support for ebooks protected by DRM .
DRM is an incredibly “ hot ” topic in the ebook world right now .
There are varying opinions on its efficacy .
My opinions on the matter are n’t relevant , except to say that I am not touching the topic with a 10 foot pole .
It will not convert DRM - protected ebooks into a format the Kindle will read .
It will not add or remove DRM from any ebook .
Personally , I ’ve been using Calibre to create and convert a daily operations report for all of Wikia — and I look forward to be able to download the report from the web and just read it .
More information can be found on Jesse ’s blog , with the code available at savory.googlecode.com .
BURNED -OVER DISTRICT , NY–Once upon a time in America , schoolchildren celebrated a lovely little holiday called Arbor Day .
The young scholars would sing songs about Johnny Appleseed , recite Joyce Kilmer into the ground , learn the difference between an oak and a maple , and bundle up against the spring chill to go outside and plant an actual tree .
The planting , like Arbor Day itself , was both symbolic and practical , and a nice lesson in the ways in which conservation and renewal begin at home .
Fittingly , Grant Wood , rooted in Iowa , made Arbor Day the subject of one of his best paintings .
But that was then , and this is now .
Beyond its hometown of Nebraska City , Nebraska , Arbor Day has faded into obscurity ; its historic date , April 22 , will be given over this year to that dreary shower of corporate agit - prop known as Earth Day .
The difference between Arbor Day and Earth Day is the difference between planting a tree in your backyard and e-mailing a machine - written plea for a global warming treaty to your UN representative .
The date of Arbor Day has always varied from state to state , usually depending on the planting season .
Its very lack of fixity was part of its charm .
California observes it on March 7 , Luther Burbank ’s birthday , but before its most recent transplantation to the last Friday in April ( this year the 24th ) , most states declared it to be April 22 , the birthdate of J. Sterling Morton of Nebraska City , the father of Arbor Day .
Morton was a newspaper editor and member of the Nebraska Board of Agriculture .
Desirous of windbreaks , shade , lumber , and the simple aesthetic pleasure of that woody wonder that only God can make , Morton proposed a statewide tree - planting festival .
He got his wish : on April 10 , 1872 , more than one million trees were planted in Nebraska , and over the next sixteen years 350 million new trees brought a sylvan touch to the prairie state .
Other states picked up on the idea , and by 1882 , schoolkids around the country celebrated Arbor Day with parades , ceremonial plantings to honor the dead , and the introduction of seeds to soil , which begins the miracle .
But perhaps , in its reliance on the public school system , Arbor Day contained the seeds of its own destruction .
States , and later the federal government , could not resist tweaking Arbor Day .
It became Arbor and Bird Day in some places , which was harmless enough , but before long it was hijacked by the highwaymen of the Good Roads movement — the apostles of Progress who would go on to pave America with your ancestors ’ tax dollars .
Thus by the teens the U.S. Bureau of Education was flooding the nation ’s schools with bulletins promoting the bizarre hybrid “ Good Roads Arbor Day . ”
You see , “ If a people have no roads , they are savages , ” as bureau propaganda put it .
Properly instructed on Good Roads Arbor Day , American striplings might grow up “ to relieve our country of this stigma of having the worst roads of all civilized nations . ”
Which they did :
Who says public education does n’t work ?
( Piling yet another progressive cause atop the faltering branch of Arbor Day , the organizers of the West Virginia Arbor and Bird Day cheeped , “ We can have a good system of consolidated schools only where we have good roads . ” )
Nevertheless , Arbor Day survived , frequently observed in hamlets and parks and neighborhood schools — until it was clear - cut by Earth Day .
Earth Day was not of ignoble birth .
It was the legislative child of Senator Gaylord Nelson ( D - WI ) , a thoughtful liberal , who envisioned it as a national teach - in on the environment .
The first Earth Day , April 22 , 1970 , was a hectoring mix of street theater , corporate p.r. , and speeches by such paragons of restraint as Senators Ted Kennedy and Bob Packwood .
Funding came , in part , from Dow Chemical and the Ford Motor Company .
( The most prominent public opponents of the first Earth Day were the Daughters of the American Revolution , who had also fought vainly against the Uniform Holiday Act of 1968 , which spawned the commerce trumps tradition three - day weekend . )
In the four decades since , Earth Day has become a bloodless holiday for pallid urbanites , the sort of technology - dependent yuppies whose rare encounters with the unregulated outdoors usually end in paralyzing fears of Lyme disease .
Earth Day is about as green as a $ 100 bill .
So on April 22 this year , when the networks and the schools and the politicians are droning on about the oppressive bore that is Earth Day , commit a simple act of resistance and patriotism :
Plant a tree .
Happy Arbor Day .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " I 've fallen in love with my phone . "
Dilbert says , " It entertains me .
It knows where I am .
It responds to my touch .
It never judges me . "
Psychiatrist says , " So , it 's like a woman to you . "
Dilbert says , " Way better . "
Dilbert says , " Are your even listening ? "
TIPS ON HOW TO DELIVER CORRECTIVE FEEDBACK
Published by Tim Millett
08 October 2013
Correcting an employee ’s work is never easy , especially if they are sensitive about their performance and do n’t take kindly to criticism .
When confronted with this situation , you should keep in mind the following tips :
• Schedule a meeting : Setting up a meeting is the best way to avoid embarrassment .
Being able to talk with the employee in private allows you to ask questions about a project task , sales meeting , or other work responsibilities .
Talking about poor work performance in front of other employees is unprofessional and can make everyone in the office upset .
• Be polite when bringing up the issue : Always remain professional when bringing up work performance issues .
While you can be firm , you should not intimidate employees in any way .
By asking questions confirm with the team member where the problem or mistake lies and ask them for ideas on how to address the situation .
Taking a step by step approach to corrective feedback can increase objectivity :
o Identify the specific situation or task that needs to be addressed
o Identify the performance that did not meet expectations
o Highlight the potential result of this inappropriate performance
o Identify the desired alternative performance
o Highlight the potential result of this desired performance
By remaining calm and objective , you can prevent employees from making the same mistake again .
• Schedule a follow - up meeting :
In order to prevent an issue from occurring again , you should monitor the employee ’s performance and schedule a follow - up meeting .
If the issue has been corrected , let the employee know they have made improvements .
If not , question the employee and find out why they continue to make the same mistakes .
• Assign additional training :
If you believe the issue can be corrected , assign additional training or mentoring so the employee can develop the skills required to meet performance expectations .
Many times , additional training is all an employee needs in order to get back on track .
Unfortunately , many managers and team leaders do not take the time to find out why an employee has made an error at the workplace .
By talking with the employee and trying to find solutions , you will be showing your employees that you care about their work performance and that you want them to succeed .
As a result , they are more apt to come to you for advice , assistance , and voice any concerns they may have .
Creating a positive work environment begins when managers learn how to bring up issues that need to be addressed in a professional manner .
Additional training , mentoring , and support can prevent employees from making the same mistakes twice .
And , as such , his image is worth nothing .
Which is why they ’re allowed to use it in whatever ad they want whenever they want without paying him diddly ( which , by the way , sounds like what he did to his stepdaughter ) .
“ Woody Allen expects $ 10 million for use of his image on billboards that were up and down in less than one week , ” [ American Apparel lawyer Stuart ]
Slotnick said .
“ I think Woody Allen overestimates the value of his image . ”
He said the company ’s belief was that “ after the various sex scandals that Woody Allen has been associated with , corporate America ’s desire to have Woody Allen endorse their product is not what he may believe it is . ”
Which is , of course , why they chose him to be in their campaign .
Because there is nothing that sells clothes like pedophilia ( insert “ Girls Pants Half Off ” joke here ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The Home Office has removed a link from its website after being alerted by the BBC that it linked to what appeared to be a Japanese pornography site .
The link was on a page providing information about the Office for Security and Counter Terrorism .
A link - that was supposed to go to a body called the Technical Advisory Board - actually went to a porn site .
The Home Office said that the site it was linking to had become defunct and been bought by a different company .
I contacted the Home Office press office , and provided them with the first news of this embarrassing glitch
Rory Cellan- Jones
dot.life blog
A Home Office spokeswoman said there would be an investigation into the matter .
The link was spotted by Mike Riley , who was trying to find out about new regulations that come in today , which oblige internet service providers to store details of user e-mails and internet phone calls .
He contacted the BBC after visiting the Home Office website and noticing the link to the Japanese site .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - The United States is protesting to Israel over seemingly random restrictions on deliveries to the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip of harmless goods such as soap and toilet paper , diplomats said Wednesday .
A Palestinian man , whose house was destroyed during Israel 's 22 - day offensive that ended in January , sits outside a tent during a visit by an aid convoy organized by a British aid group in Jabalya , in the northern Gaza Strip , March 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mohammed Salem
Diplomats fear day - to - day crisis management on Gaza was diverting the United States and other Western governments from bigger issues like the goal of restarting peace negotiations for a Palestinian state .
In one case , Israel blocked for weeks a World Food Program ( WFP ) shipment of chickpeas , used to make the Palestinian food staple hummus , the U.N. food agency said .
“ We ’re certainly asking the Israelis questions about this , ” a U.S. official said of the restrictions on what is allowed into Gaza .
A Western official said : “ The Americans and international NGOs ( non-governmental organizations ) are raising their concerns ...
We ’re protesting . ”
Israel says it has opened Gaza ’s border crossings to larger amounts of food and medicine since a January military offensive that killed about 1,300 Palestinians , destroyed 5,000 homes and left large swathes of the coastal enclave in ruins .
But U.S. and Western officials complain the limited list of humanitarian goods that Israel allows into Gaza changes almost daily , creating major logistical problems for aid groups and donor governments which are unable to plan ahead .
Protests have been made to Israel via diplomatic channels , and have increased since last week ’s visit by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , U.S. and Western officials said .
“ It is totally surreal , ” one European diplomat said of Israeli decision - making .
“ One day we had 600 kg ( 1,300 pounds ) of pasta at the Kerem Shalom crossing but they said , ‘ Today , pasta ca n’t go in ’ . ”
Another Western diplomat said : “ It ’s ever - changing .
One week jam is okay and the next week it ’s not . ”
In addition to soap and toilet paper , the officials cited restrictions that come and go on imports of certain types of cheeses , toothbrushes and toothpaste .
Israeli defense official Peter Lerner said in response : “ I ’m not aware of any problems with toilet paper , toothpaste , dairy products ... and other food stuffs .
Basic necessities are being met and are going in on a daily basis . ”
TRANSITIONAL STALL ?
Diplomats said the current political transition in Israel was part of the problem , with many decisions on access to Gaza and demolitions in Arab East Jerusalem of Palestinian homes being taken by relatively low level bureaucrats that are slow to change and hard to influence .
The Jewish state held a parliamentary election on Feb 10 but rightist prime minister - designate Benjamin Netanyahu is still in the process of forming a coalition government .
In addition to pushing for expanded humanitarian access to Gaza , the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama has protested the East Jerusalem demolition plans .
The European Union have also protested to Israel about access to Gaza and its actions in Jerusalem .
In a letter of response , obtained by Reuters , Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Defense Minister Ehud Barak said Israel was cooperating with international organizations and would keep Gaza ’s border crossings open to humanitarian assistance “ for exclusively civilian needs . ”
Israel has long banned military equipment and most commercial goods from entering Gaza , and those restrictions may hinder a multibillion - dollar reconstruction plan backed by Western and Arab governments .
( Editing by Matthew Jones )
SPEAKER PELOSI'S LATEST MOVE TO REGULATE THE NEWS
By Roger Arnoff
March 29 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi has sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder announcing her intentions to hold a hearing on the issue of newspaper consolidation in the San Francisco Bay area , citing anti-trust laws as a potential avenue to do something about this .
The hearing would be by the Courts & Competition Policy Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee , according to Pelosi ’s letter .
While clearly there are serious issues engulfing the newspaper industry , in San Francisco and elsewhere , the problem is n’t one of anti-trust violations .
Pelosi has made her feelings known .
She would like a return to the Fairness Doctrine .
This is a nose under the tent .
Yes , the industry is changing .
It has been for years .
But other than perhaps some limits on one company owning too many TV , radio and newspapers in a single market , the government really should have no role in the business of news .
The whole news paradigm is changing .
We have public radio and TV , both on national and local levels .
We have both print and online - only newspapers and magazines .
Examples : Seattle Post - Intelligencer has just gone to strictly online ; U.S. News & World Report has become online only except for once - a - month consumer oriented issues in print ;
The Christian Science Monitor became the first national newspaper to go exclusively online ; and the nearly 200 - year - old Ann Arbor ( Michigan )
News announced this week that it is going to become exclusively web based starting in July .
Many other high profile newspapers have been struggling to stay afloat ?
in Philadelphia , Detroit , Chicago , Los Angeles , and even the New York Times has lost much of its stock value and has had to borrow money against its headquarters in New York .
The problem is that few papers have been able to successfully monetize the news on the Internet .
That ’s partly because advertisers are n’t satisfied with the results , and subscribers are generally reluctant when they have access to so much free material on the Internet .
Advertisement
The change in the news business is everywhere .
We now have Propublica.com , which is 28 investigative reporters paid by the Sandlers of San Francisco , philanthropists who felt the newspapers were n’t doing enough of it on their own .
They have done some great work on covering the TARP funds .
The Drudge Report is still the largest by far of the news aggregators , which is another type of news source that did n’t used to exist .
The Wall Street Journal is one of the only publications making money via subscribers .
It is a unique brand that businessmen and stockholders the world over turn to and trust for its reliability on financial and political matters .
It ’s true , and unfortunate , that many news organizations are run with the bottom line being the biggest factor to the owners .
And it means that there are fewer bureaus , fewer foreign bureaus , and fewer reporters in the remaining bureaus .
On the other hand we can read blogs and news sites from all over the world .
There are plenty of people willing to keep providing news reports for free .
It is up to us as individuals to sort out what is reliable and what is n’t .
That can not be a role for government bureaucrats or politicians .
We are going through a period comparable to changing from horse and buggy to cars .
A lot of shake - up that is better left to market forces .
Especially with something as sacred as news and its protector , the First Amendment .
The government has no business picking winners and losers .
If a government entity bails out the last remaining newspaper in a city , is that newspaper ’s coverage of that entity tainted ?
It ’s certainly suspect .
In some cities , college and even high school journalism departments have flip - cams and other high quality , low - cost video equipment and send students out to cover school board and city hall meetings .
It ’s obviously not as desirable as having professional journalists who have covered the beat for years , but it is an industry in flux , and often these students will do a better job than hardened reporters who have lost their passion .
One of the worst things that has happened to the newspaper industry is Craig ’s List , which is where people place classified ads for little or nothing , and people go to those classified ads looking for anything from a job , to a prostitute to a used car .
Jack Shafer of Slate.com did a story back in 2006 , citing a story from a Harvard Business School publication that traced the history of newspaper consolidation , and found that between 1953 and 1980 , the number of family - owned newspapers went from 1,300 to 700 , and that the factors included technology , labor unions , and tax codes .
The bottom line is that consolidation is part of the natural evolution of news .
It means different things in different markets .
This story from 2008 details the consolidation of several San Francisco Bay area publications that more or less went in together to save costs , but have still had to let many people go .
But AIM Editor Cliff Kincaid , in the book that he co-authored , The Death of Talk Radio ? , and I have been warning for years that what Speaker Pelosi ? and Senators John Kerry , Dick Durbin and others want is a return to the Fairness Doctrine .
Our associate Bethany Stotts also wrote an excellent piece describing how the current plan by President Obama is to use localism or diversity of ownership as a ruse to accomplish the same goal .
Republican Congressman Mike Pence of Indiana has gathered quotes on his website from a number of leading Democrats who have openly advocated for a return to the Fairness Doctrine .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Speaker Pelosi is determined to try to regulate what news we can read , watch and listen to .
It would make it much easier for the Democrats to get their agenda enacted .
This latest attempt , using anti-trust laws , should certainly fail .
A recent report by the BBC News claims that makers of rogue anti-virus software are making as much as $ 10,800 a day from selling their dubious fake security software to unknowing computer users .
( Source : bbc.co.uk )
A typical scenario : a user misspells a web address in a browser and is instantly redirected to a forged web page .
From there , the visitor is bombarded with bogus popup warnings claiming that the visitor 's PC is infected with malicious programs .
The warnings say you 'll need to download and pay for anti-virus software costing about $ 50 to clean up the ( non-existent ) infection .
This tactic essentially scares the visitor into purchasing a bogus anti-virus software to remove the malicious programs ( that never existed ) ; hence the name of the bogus anti-virus software is referred to as " scareware . "
Tricked Into Buying Useless Software
Finjan , a computer security firm , researched the selling techniques of scareware developers .
A March 2009 Anti-Phishing Working Group report found 9,287 bogus anti-malware programs in circulation in December 2008 -- a rise of 225 % since January 2008 .
Chief Technology Officer Yuval Ben-Itzhak of Finjan believes the reason scareware sellers are making so much money is because of new search engine optimization techniques .
According to Mr. Ben-Itzhak , pushing scareware typically involves one group of high - tech criminals that hacks web pages and injects them with popular search terms and another group of high - tech criminals that sells the fake security software .
( Source : bbc.co.uk )
Some of the hacked pages use popular keywords such as " Obama " while others use terms that are associated with recent events attempting to make the pages appear higher up in search engine page results .
Booby - trapped Links
During its research Finjan found that more than 1.8 million people were redirected to sites pushing scareware over a 16 - day period .
Of the more than 1.8 million victims that were redirected , 7 - 12 % installed the fake software and 1.79 % paid $ 50 for it .
Some of that money was handed back to the other criminals injecting search terms into webpages , netting them about $ 10,800 a day for their work .
Scareware appears to be a growing trend .
As noted by Mr Ben - Itzhak , be very wary of any pop-up windows that claims to have found evidence of an infection .
Unless you install software to scan your computer , you should not act upon such suggestions .
( Source : bbc.co.uk )
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
I believe Bugzilla 's workflow can be improved using one of the central ideas from Getting Things Done , the " next action " .
Currently , the answer to the question " what is needed to move this bug forward ? " is scattered throughout each bug report .
Sometimes it's a keyword , sometimes it 's a review flag , and sometimes it 's the third - to - last comment .
It takes me maybe a minute per bug to determine whether I can help , and this wasted time adds up quickly .
Next - actions for bugs
I propose replacing the status field with a next action field , and the assignee field with a next action assignee field .
The " next action " field answers the question " what is needed to move this bug forward " :
All bugs Understand what 's wrong with the code
Write patch
Automate test
Review patch
Approve patch
Push patch to mozilla - central Major refactorings Create tests for existing code
Design new code
Review design
Test patch on try server
Test patch against fuzzers
Fix whatever caused the back - out New features Provide ideas
Experiment by writing extensions
Experiment in a usability lab
Consider security ramifications
Consider accessibility concerns
Decide whether it goes in
Specify desired behavior in detail Layout bugs Reduce testcase
Find regression range
Check against CSS spec
Get crash stack
Get hang profile
Run under valgrind
Debug with gdb
Organizing actions by context lets me remember projects when I can move them forward , rather than when they only increase my anxiety .
This may be even more important in a community system : who you are is a key context determining whether you can do something .
With a next - action field , it would be easier to find places to put my skills to good use :
Did Brendan hope to have this patch fuzzed ?
What bugs are waiting for input from the security team ?
What bugs could benefit from extension - space experimentation ?
With the addition of a next - action - assignee field , I 'd also be able to do searches like :
What have I been asked to do in Bugzilla ?
What blockers are stuck on me ?
What bugs need someone to volunteer to make a reduced testcase ?
Simplifying Bugzilla
I 'm asking for new fields , but I think this will actually make Bugzilla less complicated .
The " next action " field and its assignee would replace :
The current " status " field , which is mostly useless because each open state ( unconfirmed / new / reopened / assigned ) can mean so many different things .
The current " assignee " field , which is misleading when the next action required is anything other than " write a patch " or " check it in " .
Eleven keywords : uiwanted , qawanted , helpwanted , stackwanted , icon , testtracker , crashreportid , regressionwindow - wanted , testcase - wanted , checkin - needed , push - needed .
Status whiteboard markers like " [ needs review gavin ] " and " DUPEME " .
Many comments that are only temporarily meaningful .
It would also make our process more transparent : there is always a first - level answer to " Why has n't this bug been fixed yet ? "
The Linux Foundation , a nonprofit vendor - neutral organization that coordinates development of the Linux kernel , has responded to the recent news that Microsoft and TomTom have settled their patent dispute .
Linux Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin wrote a blog entry on Tuesday commenting on the outcome of the conflict .
He contends that Microsoft , which has recently been expressing an affinity for openness and encouraging critics to give it the benefit of the doubt , has demonstrated that it can't be trusted and is not willing to support truly open technologies .
He also suggests that product makers should consider the possibility of rejecting Microsoft 's legacy FAT filesystem and should instead adopt an unencumbered open source alternative .
" The technology at the heart of this settlement is the FAT filesystem .
As acknowledged by Microsoft in the press release , this file system is easily replaced with multiple technology alternatives .
The Linux Foundation is here to assist interested parties in the technical coordination of removing the FAT filesystem from products that make use of it today , " he wrote .
" Microsoft does not appear to be a leopard capable of changing its spots .
Maybe it 's time developers go on a diet from Microsoft and get the FAT out of their products . "
The FAT filesystem is largely anachronistic and the specific features covered by patents are bizarre legacy compatibility characteristics , but many companies pay to license these patents from Microsoft because the popularity of the Windows operating system turned FAT into the dominant format for memory cards and removable media , even though it does n't offer any technical advantages over other options .
Linux distributions use native open source filesystems -- such as Ext3 - - on regular internal storage , but still use Microsoft 's FAT on removable media in order to ensure compatibility with Windows and existing devices .
An industry - wide shift towards an open royalty - free format in the hardware space could potentially liberate device makers from this dependence on Microsoft 's encumbered technology .
Although it seems unlikely that a format as deeply entrenched as FAT can be displaced at this stage , the Linux Foundation is clearly willing to help coordinate such an effort .
README ------
We recommend that you install Agda 2 using a binary package .
To install Agda 2 from source , proceed as follows : ( An appendix below lists a partial installation script for Ubuntu Linux . )
0 ) Install prerequisites ( recent versions of GHC , Alex , Happy and cabal - install , and perhaps also darcs , Emacs and haskell - mode ) .
GHC : http://www.haskell.org/ghc/
Alex : http://www.haskell.org/alex/
Happy : http://www.haskell.org/happy/ cabal - install : http://www.haskell.org/cabal/ darcs : http://darcs.net/
GNU Emacs : http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/
haskell - mode : http://haskell.org/haskell-mode/ ( version 2.1 or later )
Note :
If you are downloading a source tar - ball , then you do not need Alex , Happy or darcs .
For non-Windows users :
The development files for the C library zlib have to be installed ( see http://zlib.net).
Your package manager may be able to install these files for you .
For instance , on Debian or Ubuntu it should suffice to run apt - get install zlib1g - dev as root to get the correct files installed .
1 ) Download Agda 2 , perhaps as follows : darcs get -- partial http://code.haskell.org/Agda cd Agda 2 ) If your system is Unix - like you can now hopefully install the Agda 2 library , batch - mode tool and Emacs mode by running make install PREFIX= < installation location > ( the PREFIX = <...> part can be omitted if the default location is OK for you ) .
If your system is not sufficiently Unix - like , or you want to have more control , continue reading below .
3 ) Build and install the Agda 2 library .
If you want to install it in the default location ( you may need root privileges for this ) , use the following command in the root of the Agda source tree : cabal install
You can select another location for the installation of the library by using the following command : cabal install -- prefix= < the install path >
You can also give other options to the installer , see the built - in documentation of cabal - install : cabal install -- help 4 ) If you want to use the Emacs mode ( recommended ) , build and install it ( see below ) .
5 ) If you want to use the batch - mode Agda tool ( not necessary ) , go to the src/ main directory and run the following commands : cabal clean #
To ensure recompilation when upgrading .
cabal install ( You can give options to cabal - install just as under step 2 . )
When upgrading Agda , note that the batch - mode tool also needs to be rebuilt .
------------------------------------------------------------------------
To use the Agda 2 Emacs mode : - 1 . Install Emacs .
( For non-Windows - jump down to **END OF " Under Windows ... " )
** Under Windows you may want to follow the following procedure : 1 . Install NTEmacs 22 .
Download from http://ntemacs.sourceforge.net/
the self - extracting executable ntemacs22 - bin-20070819.exe
When executed , it asks where to extract itself .
This can be anywhere you like , but here we write the top directory for ntemacs as c:/pkg/ntemacs in the following .
What follows is tested only on this version .
Other versions may work but you have to figure out yourself how to use Unicode fonts on your version .
2 . Install ucs - fonts and mule - fonts for emacs .
Download from http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/ucs-fonts.html the tar file http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/download/ucs-fonts.tar.gz
Let us write the top directory of extracted files as c:/pkg/ucs-fonts
Next we create some derived fonts .
cd c:/pkg/ucs-fonts/submission make all - bdfs
This gives an error message about missing fonts , but ignore it .
Download from http://www.meadowy.org/
the tar file http://www.meadowy.org/meadow/dists/3.00/packages/mule-fonts-1.0-4-pkg.tar.bz2
The untarred top directory is named " packages " , but we are only interested in the subdirectory " packages / fonts " .
Let us assume we moved this subdirectory to c:/pkg/mule-fonts
Add the following to your .emacs ;; ; ; ; ; ; ;; start of quoted elisp code ( setq bdf - directory - list '( " c:/pkg/ucs-fonts/submission " " c:/pkg/mule-fonts/intlfonts " " c:/pkg/mule-fonts/efonts " " c:/pkg/mule-fonts/bitmap "
" c:/pkg/mule-fonts/CDAC
" " c:/pkg/mule-fonts/AkrutiFreeFonts " ) ) ( setq w32-bdf-filename- alist ( w32-find-bdf-fonts bdf-directory - list ) ) ( create - fontset - from - fontset - spec " -*- fixed - Medium - r - Normal - *-15-*-*-*-c-*- fontset-bdf , ascii:- Misc - Fixed - Medium - R- Normal--15-140-75-75-C-90 -ISO8859 - 1 , latin- iso8859-2:-*- Fixed -*-r-*-*-15-*-*-*-c-*-iso8859-2 , latin-iso8859-3:-*- Fixed-*-r-*-*-15-*-*-*-c-*-iso8859-3 , latin- iso8859-4:-*- Fixed-*-r-*-*-15-*-*-*-c-*-iso8859-4 , cyrillic - iso8859-5:-*- Fixed-*-r-*-*-15-*-*-*-c-*-iso8859-5 , greek - iso8859-7:-*- Fixed-*-r-*-*-15-*-*-*-c-*-iso8859-7 , latin- iso8859-9:-*- Fixed -*-r-*-*-15-*-*-*-c-*-iso8859-9 , mule - unicode -0100-24ff:-Misc - Fixed - Medium - R-Normal--15-140-75-75-C-90-ISO10646-1 , mule-unicode-2500-33ff:-Misc -Fixed - Medium - R-Normal--15-140-75-75-C-90-ISO10646-1 , mule-unicode-e000 - ffff:-Misc -Fixed -Medium-R-Normal--15-140-75-75-C-90-ISO10646-1 , japanese- jisx0208:-JIS - Fixed - Medium - R-Normal--16-150-75-75-C-160-JISX0208.1983 -0 , japanese - jisx0208-1978 :-Misc - Fixed - Medium - R- Normal--16-150-75-75-C-160-JISC6226.1978 -0 , japanese- jisx0212:-Misc - Fixed - Medium - R-Normal--16-150-75-75-C-160-JISX0212.1990 - 0 , latin- jisx0201:-*-*- medium-r-normal-*-16-*-*-*-c-*- jisx0201*-* , katakana - jisx0201 :- Sony - Fixed - Medium - R- Normal--16-120-100-100-C-80 -JISX0201.1976 - 0 , thai - tis620 :- Misc - Fixed - Medium - R- Normal--24-240-72-72-C-120-TIS620.2529 -1 , lao:- Misc - Fixed - Medium - R-Normal--24-240-72-72-C-120-MuleLao - 1 , tibetan : -TibMdXA-fixed - medium - r- normal--16-160-72-72-m-160-MuleTibetan -0 , tibetan-1-column:-TibMdXA-fixed-medium-r-normal--16-160-72-72-m-80-MuleTibetan-1 , korean- ksc5601 :-Daewoo- Mincho - Medium - R- Normal--16-120-100-100-C-160-KSC5601.1987 - 0 , chinese - gb2312 :-ISAS - Fangsong ti-Medium - R-Normal--16-160-72-72-c-160-GB2312.1980 -0 , chinese-cns11643-1:-HKU-Fixed - Medium -R-Normal--16-160-72-72-C-160-CNS11643.1992.1-0 , chinese - big5-1:- ETen - Fixed - Medium - R- Normal--16-150-75-75-C-160-Big5.ETen -0 , chinese - big5-2:- ETen - Fixed - Medium - R- Normal--16-150-75-75-C-160-Big5.ETen-0 " t ) ( setq font - encoding - alist ( append '( ( " JIS X0208 " ( japanese - jisx0208 . 0 ) ) ( " JISX0212 " ( japanese - jisx0212 . 0 ) ) ( " CNS11643.1992.1-0 " ( chinese-cns11643-1 . 0 ) ) ( " GB2312 " ( chinese - gb2312 . 0 ) ) ( " KSC5601 " ( korean - ksc5601 . 0 ) ) ( " VISCII " ( vietnamese - viscii - lower . 0 ) ) ( " MuleArabic - 0 " ( arabic - digit . 0 ) ) ( " MuleArabic - 1 " ( arabic - 1 - column . 0 ) ) ( " MuleArabic - 2 " ( arabic - 2- column . 0 ) ) ( " muleindian - 1 " ( indian -1- column . 0 ) ) ( " muleindian - 2 " ( indian -2- column . 0 ) ) ( " MuleTibetan - 0 " ( tibetan . 0 ) ) ( " MuleTibetan - 1 " ( tibetan -1- column . 0 ) ) ) font - encoding - alist ) ) ;; ; ; ; ;; end of quoted elisp code
To test the fonts , try M-x eval - expression RET ( set - default - font " fontset-bdf " ) RET M-x view - hello - file
You should see all the characters without white - boxes .
** END OF " Under Windows ... "
1 . Install Agda 2 . ( See above . )
2 . Copy the .el files in src / emacs - mode to some directory < agda - mode - dir > .
Example installation : mkdir < agda - mode - dir > cp src/emacs-mode/*.el < agda - mode - dir >
3 . Add the following to your .emacs : ( add - to - list ' load - path " < agda- mode -dir > " ) ( require ' agda2 )
If you have already set up the suffix .agda for use with some other mode you may need to remove or alter that setting .
You are encouraged to use the suffix .alfa for Agda 1 files .
Now , if you open a file named XXX . agda the buffer will use agd a2 - mode .
It may take 5 or 10 seconds before you see anything in the buffer , but that is normal .
4 . If you want to you can customise some settings .
Just start Emacs and type the following : M-x load - library RET agda2 - mode RET M-x customize - group RET agda2 RET
This is useful if you want to change the Agda search path , in which case you should change the agd a2 - include - dirs variable .
5 . If you want some specific settings for the Emacs mode you can add them to agd a2 - mode - hook .
For instance , if you do not want to use the Agda input method ( for writing various symbols like ∀ ≥ℕ→π⟦⟧ ) you can add the following to your .emacs : ( add- hook ' agda2 - mode - hook '( lambda () ;
If you do not want to use any input method : ( inactivate - input - method ) ;
If you want to use the X input method : ( set-input - method " X " ) ) )
A side note :
In order to display Unicode characters you need to use a font which contains the glyphs in question .
If such a font is not enabled by default ( empty boxes are displayed instead of proper characters ) you need to select another font .
Do this by running M-x customize - face RET agd a2 - fontset - spec RET in Emacs ( after you have started the Agda mode ) and change the setting to a suitable font .
------------------------------------------------------------------
Appendix : Partial installation script for ( at least ) Ubuntu Linux sudo apt - get install ghc6 happy alex darcs emacs haskell - mode zlib1g - dev wget http://www.haskell.org/cabal/release/cabal-install-0.6.0.tar.gz tar xzf cabal - install-0.6.0.tar.gz cd cabal - install - 0.6.0 .
bootstrap.sh cd .. darcs get -- partial http://code.haskell.org/Agda cd Agda sudo make install
* Photo : Sian Kennedy * Nobody wants to have surgery on a battlefield ; the idea of having it performed by a robot spider probably does n't make it sound any less harrowing .
But as far as Peter Berkelman is concerned , a robot is better than nothing .
A roboticist at the University of Hawaii , Berkelman studies haptics , the science of simulating touch and feel .
" Force feedback is just fascinating to me , " Berkelman says , teeing up a pun .
" I like to work on technologies that offer resistance . "
One of those resistant technologies is robot - assisted surgery .
Robots are good at precise , less - invasive work and can be controlled remotely , but high - end surgery droids can cost upwards of $ 1 million , take up half an operating room , and require an hour to boot up and sterilize .
Berkelman 's version may not be able to handle the same level of fine detail , but it 's good enough — and it 's built from mostly off - the - shelf parts for just $ 75,000 .
His unnamed prototype fits in a backpack , which means a medic could actually carry it into battle and clamp it onto a gurney at a triage station .
And it 's small enough to be sterilized in a normal hospital autoclave .
" You probably wo n't see it used for open - heart surgeries , " Berkelman says .
" But for simpler procedures — like removing shrapnel — it could be very cost - effective . "
Two of the robot 's articulated arms can take tool attachments like scalpels or cautery pens .
The third holds an endoscope — usually a job for a human nurse .
Berkelman says his robot is ready for testing on human cadavers ; he might move to live human subjects next year .
" We 'd rather work on dead people first , " Berkelman says .
" It 's a bit safer . "
Start Previous : How to Survive Falling Through Ice , Make Small Talk .
Next : 6 Ways to Stop Piracy Inside the Rise of the Warbots
Robot Rights for Battlefield Bots
WTF ?! Microbots ' Fantastic Voyage Through Your Clogged Arteries
Autonomous Robots Invade Retail Warehouses
Guitar Hero Robot Plays Videogame With Electronic Precision
Twenty six years ago , I was writing the earliest of the stories that would end up in my first book , in which a man called CK dreams about opening a guest house on the east coast of Sri Lanka .
If one tries to pin his dream down on a map , I guess it would be just a few miles from the so - called " no - fire zone " today , a place where Tigers are said to be shooting Tamil hostages who do not want to be human shields , and the government of Sri Lanka is accused of bombing civilians ; the strip of land where the BBC says the endgame of this long civil war is being played out , and from where 160,000 men , women and children have fled in the last couple of weeks .
The heart - wrenching images of those refugees are superimposed for me on CK 's dream and an idyllic sepia photograph , in a family album , of the small town of Mullaitivu , where an uncle and aunt lived 60 years ago .
Between my first draft of CK's story in the spring of 1983 and the second in the summer of that year , Sri Lanka went into freefall .
Tension had been building up for some years in Sri Lankan politics .
Many Tamils felt heavily discriminated against in the increasingly Sinhala - focused agenda of successive nationalist governments in Sri Lanka , whereas many in the majority Sinhala population saw the government 's changes as redressing imbalances instituted under British rule .
These tensions burst into sporadic militant attacks in the north through the 1970s and an increasing government military presence in the area .
Then , in 1981 , in an act of incomprehensible malice , the revered Jaffna public library was set alight by a policeman .
Although there had been a precursor in the serious communal riots of 1958 ( in part flowing out of the controversy over the national language issue ) , 1983 was a horrific watershed .
In July that year , the ambush of 13 soldiers in the north sparked anti-Tamil riots all around the country , especially in the capital , Colombo .
Hundreds , some estimate 2,000 , ordinary Tamils were killed , and many tens of thousands were made homeless .
The fledgling militant group the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , formed in 1976 and commonly known as the Tamil Tigers , gained massive support at home and abroad and grew quickly to become a formidable guerrilla force .
Very soon it was engaging in conventional warfare with the Sri Lankan army to establish an independent homeland .
Over the next few years , the fighting in the north of the island and the invective between partisans around the world intensified .
My small story finally found its shape and a publisher .
The editors of Stand magazine wrote to me and said : " We want to print it , but the office is divided on the coda .
The final paragraph on the violence politicises the text .
Half of us want it in , half of us want it out because maybe the story does not need it . "
I said it could not be left out ; the war had invaded even that little page .
By the time the story became the core of a book , Monkfish Moon , in 1992 , the earlier lines had expanded : " ... the east coast , like the north , would become a blazing battleground .
Mined and strafed and bombed and pulverised , CK 's beach , the dry - zone scrub land - disputed mother earth - would be dug up , exploded and exhumed .
The carnage in Colombo , massacres in Vavuniya , the battle of Elephant Pass , were all to come .
But that day ... in the middle of May , we knew none of that . "
Today , we do know all of that , and more .
We know that in the 26 years since 1983 at least 70,000 people have been killed in the conflict .
Another 6,500 have died in the last three months , as reported by the UN .
Large numbers of both government soldiers and Tigers who had not even been born at the time the story was written are dead .
Their lives , as well as the foreshortened lives of thousands of ordinary people , had never known anything but the war .
Tanks have rolled , fighter jets have roared , and suicide belts and trucks have exploded .
Sri Lankans of every kind , overwhelmingly the poorest , have been bombed by one side or the other for decades .
Many MPs and ministers , too - Sinhala and Tamil , hawks and moderates - have been murdered in this conflict .
For 26 years the main story in Sri Lanka has changed little : bombs , bullets , carnage and suffering .
LTTE suicide bombs on buses , at train stations , suicide trucks at the Temple of the Tooth , the Central Bank , the assassination of one president , the wounding of another , and government military campaigns with increasing firepower and increasing casualties , terrifying air strikes and massive bombardment .
Sadly , there have been other spikes of horror in the country with tens of thousands of dead - the 2004 tsunami , floods , the 80s insurrection in the south , disappearances , abductions - but the war has gone on relentlessly , in one area of the north or another , with only short periods of truce in which the Tigers and the government each gathered strength for the next round .
In those 26 years the great map of the 20th century was transformed : the Berlin wall came crashing down , Germany was reunified , the Soviet Union disappeared , China became the factory of the world and India boomed .
But in Sri Lanka , the story remained the same .
A country that was once an admirable model of democracy , leading the way in agrarian reform , quality of life indices , and health and education services , got stuck as the prototype for suicide bombers on the one hand , and the new benchmark for " shock and awe " tactics with unbridled military muscle on the other .
I find it difficult to believe that it was allowed to happen .
Sri Lanka is an island that everyone loves at some level inside themselves .
A very special island that travellers , from Sinbad to Marco Polo , dreamed about .
A place where the contours of the land itself forms a kind of sinewy poetry .
Even those who plant landmines , blow up innocents , destroy villages or ravage the jungle , still love the place .
They love the sight of it , the sound of it , the smell of it , the taste of it , the memory of it , the dream of it .
Whether they carry coconuts or grenades , poems or bombs , cyanide or charms , there is a deep affection for the place which is an unbreakable common bond .
Every Sri Lankan , and almost every visitor to Sri Lanka , carries a longing for the place in some small form - hiraeth , the Welsh call it - wherever they go and whatever their background .
It binds them however much the war and politics might try to divide them .
In recent years , despite the escalating violence , I found it bubbling up in so many places in Sri Lanka : in ethnically mixed children 's peace camps , in young writers ' imaginations , Sinhala and Tamil , in cricket crowds that brought everyone together .
Only a few months ago , an armed soldier I spoke to on the street put it very simply : " There is no country like Sri Lanka anywhere in the world , is there ?
That is why everyone wants to come here , no ? "
Today , watching video clips on the web of the grim situation on the east coast , the demonstrations around the world , the half - reports , the exhortations , the accusations , the propaganda , the excuses , I do n't know what to make of the future .
Is there anyone now who " can look into the seeds of time , and say which grain will grow and which will not " ?
Under a pile of newspapers , I find a copy of the old tragedy from which I filched that quote .
I open it and find Macbeth in the second act , speaking after he had killed the men he wished to pin Duncan 's murder on .
His cunning excuse sounds familiar : " Who can be wise , amazed , temp 'rate and furious , / loyal and neutral , in a moment ?
No man .
/ The expedition of my violent love / outrun the pauser , reason . "
It does n't tell us much about how to live , but we can certainly see how not to live .
Disturbing , traumatic events do not reduce the relevance of poetry and fiction .
For me , they make imaginative writing all the more urgent and necessary .
I have been back to Sri Lanka twice in the last six months , trying hard to find something of the optimism I felt writing my last book , The Match .
I started writing it when peace had unexpectedly broken out in 2002 .
The novel was going to be like a bookend to the story I mentioned at the beginning of this piece , to celebrate a new beginning .
But soon after it was published in 2006 , the peace talks floundered .
A few months later , the war entered a new and more fearful phase .
Wherever I went on these last two visits , no one - Sinhala or Tamil - wanted to talk about the war .
They were fed up with the war .
It had gone on too long , cost too many lives , hurt too many families .
They all wanted it over one way or another .
Taxi drivers , waiters , businessmen , writers , journalists , cobblers , farmers , and even soldiers .
No one wanted to talk because no one believed it was nearing an end .
No one believed anything about the war in the news .
Too many journalists had been intimidated .
A famous editor had just been killed by yet unidentified gunmen .
The concern I heard was about corruption and censorship .
Even when government forces finally took Kilinochchi , the LTTE administrative headquarters for years , my trishaw driver did not believe it .
Now , it seems , there is a growing belief that the war , at least the one of tanks and planes and artillery bombing , will soon be over .
The government is determined to completely destroy the military capability of the LTTE under its present leadership , and is unlikely to deviate from that mission .
It has made single - mindedness one of its core characteristics and an electoral attraction .
The paradigm has shifted .
What comes next ?
Some fear a dangerous mix of triumphalism and chauvinism ; entrenchment of resentments ; internment , radicalisation and insurgency .
Others see an opportunity for reconciliation , reconstruction , and a slow , painstaking path towards real respect .
The compassionate and exemplary treatment of the hundreds of thousands of displaced people would be the first step .
The other night , in London 's Nehru Centre , I heard the Bengali poet Sunil Gangopadhyay recite a powerful poem against the warped beliefs we use to excuse our sometimes atrocious behaviour .
It made me think : what should I believe in now ?
What can I believe in ?
What must I believe in ?
So , here is a list to start with :
- I must believe that the fighting will be over tomorrow and there will be no more killing , indiscriminate or discriminate .
- I must believe that those who have the power will ensure that future generations will not be brought to this point of suffering again .
- I must believe that everyone believes murder is wrong .
- I must believe that aid will flow into the country and that it will go wholly and directly to those who have suffered most .
- I must believe that money for war will be converted into money for peace and reconstruction , wherever it may come from .
- I must believe that a military victory will not lead to triumphant jingoism .
- I must believe that all those who have been trained only to fight will be found gainful civilian employment .
- I must believe that the ambitions of the military will not grow ever larger .
- I must believe that a just and democratic society nurtures and protects all its people and treats them equally .
- I must believe that dissent will not be punished .
- I must believe that the press and media will be free and fair and brave .
- I must believe that journalists will not be intimidated .
- I must believe that good will is stronger than ill will .
- I must believe that good leaders are honourable people who will always place the interests of their people before the interests of themselves .
- I must believe that the young will learn from the mistakes of the elders .
- I must believe that we will not be fooled again , wherever we are and whoever we are .
- I must believe in the human capacity for compassion and reconciliation .
- I must believe all wrongs will be righted .
- I must believe that in words we will find what in fury we cannot .
But must I also believe - as leaders on all sides seem to - that the end justifies the means ?
Does it , really ?
/etc/rc.d/init.d/pants
Make sure you 're wearing pants when you go multiuser .
[ root@ramsgate - nh init.d ] # ./ pants status
We 're not wearing any pants ... [ root@ramsgate -nh init.d ] # ./ pants start Putting on pants , one leg at a time [ OK ] [ root@ramsgate - nh init.d ] # ./ pants start Putting on pants , one leg at a time [ FAILED ]
Looks like we 've still got some old pants on .
They 'll do .
[ root@ramsgate -nh init.d ] # ./ pants restart
Time for a change of pants .
Taking off pants [ OK ]
Putting on pants , one leg at a time [ OK ] [ root@ramsgate - nh init.d ] # ./ pants status Pants are ON ... [ root@ramsgate -nh init.d ] # ./ pants stop
Taking off pants [ OK ] [ root@ramsgate -nh init.d ] # chkconfig -- list pants pants 0 :off 1:off 2:on 3:on 4:on 5 :on 6:off [ root@ramsgate-nh init.d ] # / pre >
the script : http://www.vergenet.net/~conrad/scripts/pants
as an RPM package : ftp://ftp.vergenet.net/pub/redhat/6.0/RPMS/i386/pants-0.0.0-2.i386.rpm
To use : copy into /etc/rc.d/init.d and run " / sbin / chkconfig pants reset " .
Puts itself into runlevels 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 .
Probably works on RH6.x only .
Wed Nov 3 1999 Update from Dave Miller :
I 've checked this into the main build tree , should show up in 6.2 , it 's quite oathogonal to other system services so I can't see why we should n't be shipping this .
Later , David S. Miller
This is certainly good news for pants wearers everywhere .
It 's about time more software distributors realised that they have a responsibility to ensure their users are n't computing with their pants off .
Mon Apr 17 2000
Horms has created RPM packages for pants " as it does n't seem to be on RH6.2 after all :) " .
RPM .spec file : pants.spec
K's Place | Software
These are photos from the church in Armenia , ex part of Soviet Union , now a separate country .
They have those unique churches that were caved in the mountain with the part of the original solid rock as the pillars and walls .
These churches are more than 1500 years old and according to the history of this particular church the “ Holy Lance ” or “ Spear of Christ ” , the lance that pierced Jesus while he was on the cross to stop his sufferings was stored during 500 years in this place .
The name of place is still “ The Church of the Holy Lance ” .
photos by Anna via myphototravel
Last month , Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana announced the adoption of what it calls a “ 100 percent shred policy for all paperwork and materials generated on base ” as a way of eliminating unauthorized disclosures .
“ Shredding is vital to the overall security of our base and our mission , ” said Eileen Gallagher , 341st Communications Squadron Base Records Manager .
See “ Getting into the habit : 100 percent shred policy begins March 17 , ” Malmstrom AFB , March 10 , 2009 .
As authority for the new shredding policy , the Air Force cited a March 2008 directive on Operations Security ( pdf ) , which does indeed specify a “ 100 % Shred Policy ” ( at section 1.4.18.2 ) :
“ Whenever feasible , all unclassified paper products across AFSPC [ Air Force Space Command ] , except for newspapers and magazines , will be shredded prior to disposal or removal from the workplace for recycling , preventing our adversaries from exploiting the enormous amounts of crucial information we generate while accomplishing our various mission areas . ”
On close inspection , however , the words “ prior to disposal ” seem to be crucial .
The 100 % shred policy apparently applies only to records that have been specifically approved for disposal , and not literally to “ all paperwork and materials generated on base . ”
Air Force Manual 33-363 on “ Management of Records ” ( pdf ) directs all Air Force employees to adhere to legal requirements on preservation of official records .
Mininova , one of the world 's most visited BitTorrent sites , broke another download record today .
Just a few hours ago the download counter displayed a staggering 8,000,000,000 downloads .
That 's enough for everyone on planet earth to have one - and then some .
Founded in January 2005 , Mininova quickly became one of the most successful torrent sites .
With millions of daily users the site is now listed among the top 100 most frequently visited websites on the entire Internet , and its traffic still continues to grow .
When combined , Mininova ’s visitors have been downloading well over 10 million torrents a day and performing an equal number of searches on the site .
These millions of downloads add up quickly and since the birth of the site a massive 8 billion torrents have been downloaded by Mininova users .
Mininova ’s growth rate is not reducing either , and the site still has several relatively untapped and upcoming markets to look forward to .
India for example , where torrents are quickly gaining popularity .
Over the past year the number of visitors to Mininova from India has doubled , and with 1.1 billion people and only a couple million broadband subscribers to date , there is a huge amount of untapped potential .
In common with fellow torrent sites such as The Pirate Bay and isoHunt , Mininova has n’t been spared from legal troubles .
The site will appear in court this May , where the local anti-piracy outfit BREIN will demand a filtering mechanism to restrict access to copyright infringing ‘ links ’ .
The Mininova trial is likely to set an important precedent for all other BitTorrent indexers hosted in The Netherlands .
Erik and the other Mininova founders think they have the law on their side .
“ We have confidence in the outcome of the case and we do n’t think Mininova will cease to exist , ” he told Torrent Freak earlier .
In the meantime , Mininova continues business as usual in their new office .
Lately they have been emphasizing the legal use of BitTorrent currently employed by hundreds of independent filmmakers and musicians .
In March the site released a new feature that aims to help artists to not only distribute , but also monetize their work .
Whatever the outcome of the trial will be , Mininova will undoubtedly see the 10 billionth torrent download later this year .
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Some birds have a remarkable talent for dancing , two studies published in Current Biology suggest .
Footage revealed that some parrots have a near - perfect sense of rhythm ; swaying their bodies , bobbing their heads and tapping their feet in time to a beat .
Previously , it was thought that only humans had the ability to groove .
The researchers believe the findings could help shed light on how our relationship with music and the capacity to dance came about .
One bird , Snowball , a sulphur - crested cockatoo ( Cacatua galerita eleanora ) , came to the researchers ' attention after YouTube footage suggested he might have a certain prowess for dance - especially when listening to Everybody by the Backstreet Boys .
This is a capacity that everyone thought was uniquely human , but we 've found evidence that some animals can keep a beat
Adena Schachner , Harvard University Dr Aniruddh Patel , from The Neurosciences Institute in San Diego , said : " We found out that the previous owner usually listened to easy listening music , but he did have this one album , and he noticed Snowball bobbing his head to the Backstreet Boys . "
To test Snowball 's skill , the scientists filmed him as they played his favourite song at various tempos .
Dr Patel told the BBC : " We analysed these videos frame by frame , and we found he did synchronise - he did slow down and speed up in time with the music .
" It was really surprising that he had this flexibility . "
Another group , led by Adena Schachner , from Harvard University , also looked at Snowball , as well as another bird , Alex , an African grey parrot ( Psittacus erithacus ) .
Dr Schachner said : " We brought some novel music that we knew Alex had never heard before - so there was no way he had been trained to dance to this music .
" We set up the camera and hit play , and we were shocked to see that Alex started dancing to the beat .
He started to bob his head up and down . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement While Alex 's dance routines were not as elaborate as Snowball 's , analysis of the footage revealed that he was also able to match his movements with the music he was hearing .
Dr Schachner said : " This is a capacity that everyone thought was uniquely human , but we 've found evidence that some animals can keep a beat . "
Song and dance
The scientists believe that the parrots ' apparent capacity for dance may be linked to another talent that they share with humans - the ability for vocal learning and vocal imitation .
They believe the part of the brain that evolved to allow us and a handful of other species , including dolphins , songbirds , elephants and some cetaceans , to learn and mimic different sounds may also be responsible for the ability to move in time to music .
YouTube footage suggested Asian elephants can dance
To test whether this might be the case , the researchers turned to a vast resource of animal footage - YouTube .
From more than 1,000 videos of different dancing animals , the team found only 33 films that showed animals moving in time to a musical beat .
Dr Patel said : " These 15 species were all vocal learners - 14 parrots and one Asian elephant . "
After these initial studies , both teams now want to look more closely at different species ' relationship with music .
Dr Patel told BBC
News : " No other primates , besides humans , have vocal learning , so there is a strong prediction that no other primates could learn to synchronise to music , even with extensive training .
" However , there are other mammals that have a response to vocal learning - dolphins are a notable category , and I 'd love to collaborate with dolphin researchers to find out if dolphins can move to a musical beat . "
Dolphins have the ability to mimic sounds - but can they dance ?
The scientists believe further research will also provide an insight into how our relationship with music evolved .
Dr Patel said : " Music is a true human universal - it is something we find in every single human culture .
" One of the questions we are asking is whether this is wired into our brains because of evolution , or is it because it builds on other brain systems .
" And this evidence builds on the fact that it is probably linked to other existing brains systems rather than being an adaptation in its own right . "
He adds : " You see here a fundamental response to music seen in species that normally do n't have a relationship to music in the world .
" They are clearly using a brain system that has a different day job , so to speak . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MUSIC NEWS - The Paul Green School of Rock All - Stars are about to experience the Metalocalypse in the name of Brendon Small .
Small , co-creator of strong Metalocalypse , the hit animated series on Adult Swim that features the fake metal band Dethklok , is the latest and , to many , the greatest “ Guest Professor ” ever to lead the School of Rock ’s students from 45 nationwide schools on tour .
Recently voted “ Best New Guitarist ” in Guitar World , Small will perform and teach the music of Dethklok , and joining the All - Stars in other metal classics on this very special concert tour through the Northeast .
The weeklong US tour launches Monday , March 30 at the 9:30 Club in Washington , DC and includes stops in New York ( B.B. King ’s ) , Boston ( Showcase Live ) , Philadelphia ( Trocadero ) and Sayreville , NJ ( Starland Ballroom ) , with special Q&A sessions between Small and fans at each performance .
Most of the shows will be opened by Tragedy , the all - metal tribute to the Bee Gees , with select appearances along the route by all - girl tribute bands Misstallica ( Metallica ) and Queen Diamond ( King Diamond ) .
It 'll basically be me and a bunch of bad ass 11 - to 17 - year olds playing music that I really dig , ” says Small .
“ I should remind everybody this is n't a Dethklok show — just me and some kids having a blast ! ”
In Metalocalypse , Dethklok is “ the world ’s most popular band ” – so popular that thousands of fans will travel to remote areas of the globe just to hear them perform a single song , and sign “ pain waivers ” in case anything truly horrible happens to them at a show ( which usually does occur ) .
The band members are also incredibly selfish , stupid , and oblivious to anything that happens outside their rock ‘ n ’ roll bubble .
Aside from being co-creator , of Metalocalypse , Small writes and performs most of Dethklok ’s music whether it ’s on TV or album .
Lenny stared in horror at the USDA inspector and the FDA agent .
He 'd been spotted , and now the world would know how the wheat got shredded .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
" The Parliamentary pension scheme is simply unaffordable , and if MPs want to balance the books they should either pay more themselves or move onto a more affordable scheme .
There is no way taxpayers should have to pick up this bill . "
It was rather stunning to see the market react so positively to a bank that has received $ 25 billion in taxpayer money turn a profit of $ 3 billion in the first quarter , which also included the FASB mark to market rule adjustment .
What many people have seemed to forget in the last few weeks is that Wells Fargo in their infinite wisdom took over Wachovia .
Wachovia for many of those who do not know swallowed uber toxic mortgage dealer Golden West that ultimately led to the demise of the bank because of mortgage indigestion .
So Wachoiva was swallowed up by Wells Fargo in a shotgun marriage similar to JP Morgan Chase taking the entirety of Washington Mutual .
What brought down WaMu and Wachoiva were toxic liar loans .
Sadly , many of these loans still sit in the massive $ 865 billion loan portfolio over at Wells Fargo .
We will have to wait a couple of weeks before we get full details but take a look at where things were at in the Q4 of 2008 :
Well look at that .
Tons of pick - a- pay mortgages are still on the books .
A large portion of commercial loans as well .
Keep in mind Wachovia made tons of these loans in California and many of these are only hitting their stride recasting in a state with one of the highest unemployment rate in the country .
It probably does n’t help that home values have fallen by 50 % but thanks to new accounting methods , we can forget about marking those assets to market .
If you were to sell these homes , you might get $ 250,000 but let them keep it on their books for $ 500,000 .
And for those of you with short term memories , Wells Fargo also took a hit by being intertwined with none other than Bernard Madoff :
So this supposed $ 3 billion earnings quarter is on the back of a $ 2.5 billion loss last quarter .
$ 25 billion in taxpayer money , changing accounting rules , having the Fed sacrifice the dollar for cheap mortgage rates , and all you get is a $ 3 billion quarter ?
Of the pick - a- pay portfolio $ 57.7 billion is still sitting in “ non-impaired status ” which is insane .
How much exposure do they have to the most toxic states ?
Rest assured if these homes were put on the market , you would easily have a $ 3 billion loss .
California has a 10.5 % unemployment rate , but more like a 16 to 19 percent rate if we do a better calculation .
These pick - a- pay loans are the most toxic of mortgages .
To think these are not going to have further losses is insane .
So how did Wells Fargo pull it off ?
-$ 175 billion in loan commitments , mortgage originations , and mortgage securities purchases .
-$ 190 billion in mortgage applications for over 800,000 homeowners
- Funded $ 100 billion in mortgage loans , helping over 450,000 homeowners either purchase a home or lower their payment through refinancing .
We are n’t told the value of those refinancing versus those who are purchasing .
This is a key factor .
It is very likely the majority of these loans are refinances with the record low rates .
Once we get results , we ’ll be better able to see what is occurring .
Bottom line , this is a one hit wonder because of mark to market freezes , TARP funds , lower interest rate hitting a trough , and a pause before those pick - a - pays start recasting in mass .
Keep in mind , this is the lowest mortgage rates are going to get .
We have only one way to go from here and that is up .
There is a reason why the government decided to hold on releasing those stress test results until all banks reported earnings .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
PROVIDENCE , R.I. --
Anybody want some top - secret seagoing vessels ?
The Navy has a pair it does n't need anymore .
It has been trying to give them away since 2006 , and they 're headed for the scrap yard if somebody does n't speak up soon .
One is called Sea Shadow .
It 's big , black and looks like a cross between a Stealth fighter and a Batmobile .
It was made to escape detection on the open sea .
The other is known as the Hughes ( as in Howard Hughes ) Mining Barge .
It looks like a floating field house , with an arching roof and a door ...
Charlie Brooker sets his sights on news and current affairs , looking at how news anchors and their styles have changed over the years and reflecting on how they do it in America .
Charlie Brooker sets his satirical sights on news and current affairs , looking at how news anchors and their styles have changed over the years and reflecting on how they do it over in America .
Plus , a short film by Power of Nightmares creator Adam Curtis , a look at what 's happening with the war against terror and a poem by Tim Key .
Plenty of government agencies are dipping their toes into the Twitter waters these days , but when we found the Denton Police Department 's Twitter page this afternoon , we knew we 'd found something truly special .
With automated posts for everyone booked at the jail since Sunday night , the feed comes complete with a person 's mug shot , age and what they were booked for .
It 's enough to make us forget all about Craigslist 's Missed Connections .
Clicking through the mug shots on TwitPic is like strolling through a portrait exhibit on resignation and regret .
It 's a remarkable leap in open government and connecting to the community .
Funny thing : Denton police had no idea about it .
( Update :
This item has since been updated , as we 've got an interview with the man behind the curtain , Brian Baugh , over here . )
" If we get onto Twitter , this is n't the way we want to be using it , " says spokesman Ryan Grelle , who tells Unfair Park the information on the Twitter page is probably being pulled from their online Jail Custody Report -- a page that includes names and the bond amount , which are n't on the Twitter feed .
The bio listed on the Twitter page lends some credence to the conceptual - art notion :
The unofficial Denton Police Department twitter for Denton , Texas .
Programmed by a UNT art photography student , pointing out the amount of public info out there .
The police department has been looking at getting involved in Twitter , Grelle said , and while they have a MySpace page , " it has n't been updated in months . "
He 's more interested in using social media to enlist the public 's help in crime - solving .
" Say we had a murder , and we had some video -- almost like putting out press releases and asking , ' Have you seen this suspect ? '
That 's what we 're looking to use it for , not to put people 's pictures up and have the whole world see they were arrested for forgery , " he said .
That may be true , especially because this other guy they arrested for public urination looks way more entertaining .
Goldman Sachs has bigger things to worry about in this economy than a conspiracy theory - filled gripe site , but that 's what it has focused its efforts on in an attempt to bully Goldmansachs 666.com into shutting down .
The investment bank has sent a cease and desist letter to Goldmansachs666 blogger Mike Morgan , claiming that his site has violated Goldman Sachs ' intellectual property and trademarks , provides unfair competition , and could confuse consumers .
A quick visit to Goldmansachs666 reveals a blog that — even without reading any of the text — clearly does not appear related to the investment bank Goldman Sachs .
There is also a disclaimer at the top of the page stating that the site is not in affiliation with the bank or its marketing department , and even helpfully telling readers where they can find the real Goldman Sachs website .
Postings on the blog run the gamut of your typical conspiracy theorist , too .
Morgan wonders whether Goldman Sachs had manipulated the stock market or world oil prices , postulates that the firm has gained too much political power , and questions whether Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein lied to Congress , among other things .
To get the blog confused with an official Goldman Sachs website would require a serious removal from reality .
Or a partial lobotomy .
Goldman Sachs , of course , disagrees .
" Your use of the mark Goldman Sachs violates several of Goldman Sachs ' intellectual property rights , constitutes an act of trademark infringement , unfair competition and implies a relationship and misrepresents commercial activity and / or an affiliation between you and Goldman Sachs which does not exist and additionally creates confusion in the marketplace , " reads part of the letter the firm sent to Morgan .
Clearly , the bank is hoping that Morgan decides to fold under the legal pressure and just take the site down .
But as history tells us , that rarely happens .
Instead , the bank is now drawing more public attention to Goldmansachs666 than ever , which may encourage the founder to keep it online .
After all , if Morgan decides to fight back , the law is likely to side with him .
When we spoke with EFF staff attorney Corynne McSherry in 2007 about Lowes - sucks.com , she noted that " gripe sites like this are protected — in fact , [ the courts ] want people to speak freely and share information about their experiences with various companies . "
She said that trademark holders sometimes lose sight of the point of trademark law , which is to protect consumers and provide them with good information about a company 's product .
Gripe sites provide information on someone 's consumer experience , she said , which is not only allowed under trademark law , but protected by the First Amendment .
Found via TechDirt .
I ’m quite certain that somewhere right now , emotionally shattered BMW technicians are gathering in a church basement for a support group , huddled around the cookies and the coffee urn , their hands fairly vibrating with frustration .
For as well deserved as is the title Ultimate Driving Machine , BMWs also have earned the reputation as the Ultimate Hangar Queen , taking up residence in dealership service bays and sending mechanics over the crumbling edge of insanity .
Hello -- sob ! -- my name is Dieter and I ’m a BMW tech . . . .
Hello , Dieter , keep comin ’ back .
. . .
Yes , BMWs have middling initial quality and distinctly less - than - middling reliability -- so sayeth J.D. Power -- but people still buy them and adore them , because they are inarguably spectacular cars .
Even the BMWs that I loathe are great cars .
The new 135i is uglier than a Radcliffe glee club , but it ’s also fierce , fervid , delicious , a bottle of Bollinger that ’s lost its cork .
And then there ’s this car , the 2009 BMW 750Li , the flagship of BMW ’s starfleet , which might be -- one hates to draw lines in this particular sand -- the best luxury sedan in the world .
Oh , sure , it could be better .
It could run on the tears of disgraced CEOs or cure warts of the keister .
But as an executive saloon , as a synthesis of power and grace and ease and prestige , the new 7 - series demands that we reset our calipers , raise our ceilings and throw out our measuring sticks .
There is now a new standard .
And yet , the 750 Li boldly / daringly / foolishly leverages its greatness on the fulcrum of one of the company ’s perennial weaknesses : electronics .
This car comprises a blazing amour fou of control modules , sensors , microcontrollers , solenoids and mechatronic actuators , all wired together with the CAN - bus network from hell .
Advertisement
Our fully optioned $ 110,170 test car provides an acute example .
Among the systems : night vision display with enhanced pedestrian detection ; active blind - spot detection ; lane - departure warning ; park - distance control ; head - up display ; adaptive headlights with high - beam “ assistant ” ; three high - resolution cameras on the rear deck lid and front fenders .
Of course , there ’s an 80 - gigabyte , hard - drive - based navigation system , satellite radio and premium audio system ; and a completely redesigned version of the multifunction iDrive controller ( the previous system was nicknamed “ iQuit ” ) .
My favorite ?
The integral active steering system , which is to say , rear - wheel steering .
Below 40 miles per hour , the rear wheels can turn as much as 3 degrees opposite the direction of the front wheels , thereby reducing the big car ’s turning radius .
Great for parking and tight city traffic .
Above 40 mph , the wheels turn in phase with the front wheels to increase handling responsiveness , cornering and agility .
Does integral active steering perform as advertised ?
Has Hasselhoff had work ?
This car runs like mighty winged Pegasus , carving mountain roads and dicing switchbacks as if it were an M3 with a pituitary problem .
No big car has ever had so much rail - to - rail slaloming agility , such effortless composure at the limit .
It ’s uncanny , it ’s eerie , it ’s surreal .
Advertisement
Indeed , the effect of all these electronics is to knit together a kind of digitized meta-reality where the surly bonds of physics have slipped a bit , a place where this enormous , heavy sedan can dance like a sports car .
Think of it like the world of “ The Matrix , ” inside of which Keanu Reeves can fly , or act .
And so we arrive at the truest portrait of the 750Li : half machine , half machine code ; a kinetic sculpture , partly aluminum and steel , partly a stream of zeros and ones .
Wonderful , epic , historic .
But can you trust it ?
I really do n’t know .
On the one hand , I ’m utterly smitten by the technology .
I love piloting a leather - lined spaceship with a 20 - way adjustable captain ’s chair with heating / cooling and massage function .
Advertisement
There are moments on the interstate at night -- when the ghostly thermal - imaging night - vision display is on , the head - up display is reading out navigation messages , the lane - departure warning system is gently reminding me to use my turn signals , and all is bathed in serene LED cabin light -- that the 750 Li really feels like something that comes after the Automobile .
Still , I ’m nagged by doubt .
All of these exotic systems , such as the head - up display ( Nippon Seiki ) , lane - change warning ( Hella ) and night vision ( Autoliv ) come from suppliers in Japan , Germany and Sweden , respectively .
The 750Li is practically the U.N. of Tier 1 suppliers .
Considering the state of global comity , a question occurs to me :
Can they all get along ?
Bear in mind , all of this gear is overlaid on the car ’s , the brand ’s already fraught electronics : the e-throttle - equipped 4.4 - liter , 400 - horsepower , twin - turbocharged V8 with variable valve timing on intake and exhaust cams ; the adaptive six - speed ZF transmission ; the adaptive dynamics system , which itself has four distinct modes ( Comfort , Normal , Sport and Sport + ) , which ratchet up performance thresholds for the engine , transmission , brakes , steering and stability control .
The braking module governs anti-lock , traction and stability control , brake “ drying , ” brake - fade compensation .
. . .
It just goes on and on .
What few buyers appreciate is how difficult systems integration is on a car like this .
For the BMW 750 Li to work , every system and subsystem has to mind - meld with the others in a cold chatter of instant , endless algorithms , faultlessly , every time , forever and ever , amen .
No wonder they go buggy .
Advertisement
So when I say the 750Li is the best luxury sedan in the world , imagine a weather - balloon - size asterisk .
I guess , as long as it starts , it is .
--
dan.neil@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
2009 BMW 750Li
Base price : $ 84,200
Price as tested : $ 110,170
Advertisement
Powertrain : Twin-turbocharged 4.4 - liter , 32 - valve V8 with variable valve timing ; six - speed automatic transmission ; rear - wheel drive .
Horsepower : 400 at 5,500 - 6,400 rpm
Torque : 450 pound - feet at 1,800 - 4,500 rpm
Curb weight : 4,640 pounds
Advertisement
Wheelbase : 126.4 inches
Overall length : 205.3 inches
0 -60 mph : 5.1 seconds
EPA fuel economy : 14 miles per gallon city , 22 highway
Advertisement
Final thoughts : Mad King Ludwig was Bavarian too .
Coincidence ?
I think not .
Source : BMW
The next C++ standard is supposed to include futures in the libraries .
Futures allow assignment to a value that is to be calculated at a later time - assigning a promise in lieu of the final value until such time as it becomes available .
The current thread carries on until the value is actually needed , at which time the value is made available or a the thread goes into a wait state .
Being a library facility , instead of a built - in language facility as in Oz or Alice - ML , the use of futures is not nearly as transparent .
Still , one should be able to get a similar effect .
In an article on Broken promisesâ € “ C++0 x futures , Bartosz Milewski criticizes the C++ implementation for it 's lack of composability .
What was omitted from the standard , however , was the ability to compose futures .
Suppose you start several threads to perform calculations or retrieve data in parallel .
You want to communicate with those threads using futures .
And hereâ€™s the problem : you may block on any individual future but not on all of them .
While you are blocked on one , other futures might become ready .
Instead of spending your precious time servicing those other futures , you might be blocked on the most time - consuming one .
The only option to process futures in order of completion is by polling ( calling is_ready on consecutive futures in a loop ) and burning the processor .
My personal opinion is that what he is really saying is that concurrency through futures ( which in the simple case would be a declarative form of concurreny ) do n't easily do message - based concurrency .
I suppose one could look at CTM and describe how to do Erlang type concurrency with nothing more than dataflow variables .
But I think the bigger problem is that we assume that there is a single approach to solving the concurrency problem .
We might as well say that STM is good , but it fails to deliver declarative or message concurrency .
I personally think languages , either through libraries or built - in language facilities , should provide multiple ways of dealing with concurrency and distribution .
Although I do n't use C++ anymore , I 'm glad that they are integrating lightweight concurrency models into the language .
( Surprised we do n't have a category dedicated to concurrency , so I 'll post this under parallel / distributed . )
TORONTO , Feb. 13 ( UPI ) --
A judge in Canada has ruled that Internet users have no expectation of privacy and police can use track people through Internet protocols without warrants .
The ruling by Ontario Superior Court Judge Lynne Leitch is binding on lower courts , and gives law enforcement a new tool to use in investigating such matters as child pornography , the National Post reported Friday .
Advertisement
Ruling in a child pornography possession case , Leitch found that the Canadian Charter does not provide a " reasonable expectation of privacy " regarding subscriber information retained by Internet service providers .
Police asked Bell Canada in 2007 for subscriber information on an IP address used by someone who had allegedly accessed child pornography .
Bell provided the requested information without inquiring whether police had a search warrant .
The defense argued that police should have been required to obtain a search warrant before seeking such information .
Privacy rights advocates cautioned the ruling could have consequences for law - abiding Internet users , the Post said .
" There is no confidentiality left on the Internet if this ruling stands , " James Stribopoulos , a law professor at York University 's Osgoode Hall Law School , said .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
One Hereford cow could transform world food production
The genome of a female Hereford cow has been sequenced , which could be a starting point for major improvements in the agricultural industry .
Analysing this blueprint of DNA code for the chemical building blocks of the animal is revealing the unique role that many of the genes play .
The information is likely to have a major impact on livestock breeding .
The study , published in the journal Science , was a six - year effort by more than 300 scientists in 25 countries .
Cattle now join an elite group of animals to have had their genome sequenced - a group that includes humans , other primates and rodents .
" We chose to study the cow genome because these animals are of such immense importance to humans , " explained Richard Gibbs from Baylor College of Medicine 's Human Genome Sequencing Center , a leading contributor to the project .
This could be used to come up with ways to reduce the environmental impact of cattle , such as greenhouse gases released by herds
Richard Gibbs
Baylor College of Medicine
By comparing the results to other sequenced genomes , including that of humans , the researchers discovered how cows could help inform research into human health and disease .
" We found that cows are much more similar to us than rodents are , " said Professor Gibbs .
" This is because rodents are evolving much faster .
And it tells us aspects of human biology that we could actually study in cows . "
Unique breed
Of the 22,000 genes in the cow genome , 14,000 are common to all mammalian species .
" These 14,000 are the common engine room of mammals , " said Ross Tellam , a scientist from the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) in Australia and one of the authors of the Science paper .
" The remaining genes are unique to each species . "
THE GENETIC CODE
The double - stranded DNA molecule - wound in a helix - is held together by four chemical components called bases
Adenine ( A ) bonds with thymine ( T ) ; cytosine ( C ) bonds with guanine ( G )
Groupings of these " letters " form the " code of life " ; a code that is very nearly universal to all Earth 's organisms Written in the DNA are genes which cells use as starting templates to make proteins ; these sophisticated molecules build and maintain our bodies
And many of the genetic features that make cattle unique are what make them so important to us .
" If we can see precisely what genes cause the differences between each animal , there is an opportunity to enhance selective breeding , " he explained .
" We can use natural methods - simply selecting the best animals - to produce livestock that make more meat or more milk . "
This comparison between individual animals has already begun in a related study published in the same issue of Science .
An associated scientific team has produced a map charting the key DNA differences , also known as haplotypes , between varieties of cattle .
They compared the Hereford genome sequence with those of six other breeds .
Using this bovine " HapMap " , researchers can track the differences between the breeds that affect the quality of meat and milk yields .
" [ This map ] will transform how dairy and beef cattle are bred , " said Richard Gibbs .
" Genetic tools are already being developed and proving useful to the dairy industry , and we predict they will be applied to improve the beef industry .
" We hope the information will also be used to come up with innovative ways to reduce the environmental impact of cattle , such as greenhouse gases released by herds . "
Microbe attack
The study has also identified new genes involved in the cows ' immunity .
These are linked to the animals ' digestive system .
Cattle are ruminants , which means they have a four - chambered stomach that contains a multitude of resident bacteria , allowing them to digest plant material , such as grass , that is very tough to break down .
" We think these genes evolved in response to how vulnerable cattle are to microbial attack , " said Dr Tellam .
" Because of all the microbes that live in their rumen , and because the animals live in such large herds , they are very vulnerable to disease . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pictured :
The kissing anteaters who must be the nosiest pets ever
They say dogs are man 's best friend - but this woman 's heart belongs to an anteater .
Angela Goodwin absolutely adores her unusual pet - a ' Tamandua anteater ' called Pua .
The pair share a bed and Angela dresses Pua in cute little outfits to keep her warm .
' Anteaters are tropical animals so they can get a bit cold in this climate , ' said Angela who lives in the American Pacific north - west state of Oregon .
Pucker up : Angela 's pet anteaters Pua and Stewie have a snuggle
' I started putting little sweaters on Pua and she did n't seem to mind so now she 's got a whole wardrobe of clothes , ' Angela said .
Anteaters are known to be intelligent animals and , according to Angela , are extremely loving towards humans .
' They adapt very well on a personality level , ' said Angela who is a freelance writer and exotic animal educator .
' Even on the ride home from the airport Pua gave me some friendly finger pokes . '
The pair soon became more intimate .
A cheeky Pua gets ready to pounce on one of Angela 's dogs at her Oregon home
' She talked her way into sleeping in bed with me in a couple of weeks , ' said Angela .
' She wanted to sleep hugging my hand .
' Now she likes to lie in the washing machine but will take naps with me when she feels like it , ' she said
' She will lay over my back or chest like a baby would on their mom . '
Angela even takes Pua out for walks on a lead , to the amazement of passers by .
' People think it 's neat to see an anteater up close , ' said Angela , who has owned Pua for three years .
' She 's so cute that people always want to stop and talk to me about her . '
Midnight snack : Pua raids Angela 's fridge .
Angela says anteaters are very messy eaters
Pua was rescued after she became ill and was likely to be culled in her native country of Guyana , South America .
Angela has always been interested in Tamandua anteaters and they are permitted as pets in her state .
But she has some stark warnings for anyone considering getting one - including some ' terrible odours ' and their messy eating habits .
' I always thought they were gorgeous animals but I knew they were difficult to keep as pets so I did literally years of research before I got Pua , ' she said .
As well as being hard to house - train , anteaters are notorious for having strange dietary requirements .
Angela has to mix up strange concoctions of ground beef heart with silkworm pupae ( between the larvae and adult worm ) thyme , spinach , wheat bran , flax seed and vinegar .
Best of friends : Pua enjoys a cuddle with Angela at home
' She also likes a bit of cheese for a treat , ' Angels said .
Anteaters can live for up to 19 years in captivity and are renowned for being intelligent and inquisitive .
' Pua can open doors and drawers by herself so I have locks on everything , ' says Angela who used to keep a male anteater called Stewie .
' Stewie taught himself how to paint , ' she said .
' I even sold his pictures in the U.S. and Japan . '
Anteaters are native to Central and South American and are related to armadillos and sloths .
There are three main types : giant anteaters , pygmy anteaters and Tamanduas like Pua .
According to Hall and Day , " The values predicted by the limits - to - growth model and actual data for 2008 are very close . "
Charles A. S. Hall and John W. Day revisit these predictions in an article published this month in American Scientist called Revisiting the Limits to Growth After Peak Oil .
Their analysis indicates that the predictions from 1972 were surprisingly accurate , considering how long ago they were made :
There are only finite resources in the world , but population continues to grow .
How will this situation resolve itself ?
This was a question a group of scientists ( Meadows et al ) , commissioned by the " Club of Rome , " attempted to answer back in 1972 , in a book called Limits to Growth .
The model they presented predicted growing resource scarcity , increasing pollution , and eventual population decline , all prior to 2100 .
This post relates to an article written by my advisor Charles Hall and a close friend of his .
The article is available from American Scientist ( paywall ) or from Professor Hall 's web site .
Hall and Day immediately acknowledge that the academic world has paid most attention to human impacts on biodiversity and climate change and not enough on general resource issues .
They believe that there are numerous resource issues related to peak oil that are “ coming home to roost ” and that all of these issues were laid out quite accurately in 1972 in the Limits to Growth model .
They write :
As many continue to dismiss what those researchers in the 1970s wrote , there is growing evidence that the original “ Cassandras ” were right on the mark in their general assessment , if not always in the details or exact timing , about the dangers of the continued growth of human population and their increasing levels of consumption in a world increasingly approaching very real material constraints .
It is time to reconsider their arguments in light of new information , especially about peak oil .
According to the authors , there has been widespread belief that the original 1972 forecast was incorrect :
Economists particularly disliked the perspective of the absolute scarcity of resources , and they wrote a series of scathing reports directed at the scientists mentioned above , especially those most closely associated with the limits to growth .
Nuclear fusion was cited as a contender for the next source of abundant , cheap energy .
They also found no evidence for scarcity , saying that output had been rising between 1.5 and 3 percent per year .
Most importantly , they said that economies had built - in , market - related mechanisms ( the invisible hand of Adam Smith ) to deal with scarcities .
An important empirical study by economists Harold J. Barnett and Chandler Morse in 1963 seemed to show that , when corrected for inflation , the prices of all basic resources ( except for forest products ) had not increased over nine decades .
Thus , although there was little argument that the higher - quality resources were being depleted , it seemed that technical innovations and resource substitutions , driven by market incentives , had and would continue indefinitely to solve the longer - term issues .
It was as if the market could increase the quantity of physical resources in the Earth .
But analyses since then have proven these arguments false .
According to the authors ,
For example , Cutler J. Cleveland , an environmental scientist at Boston University , reanalyzed the Barnett and Morse study in 1991 and found that the only reason that the prices of commodities had not been increasing — even while their highest quality stocks were being depleted — was that for the time period analyzed in the original study , the real price of energy had been declining because of the exponentially increasing use of oil , gas and coal , whose real prices were simultaneously declining .
Hence , even as more and more energy was needed to win each unit of resources , the price of the resources did not increase because the price of energy was declining .
Of course , the time period since the study has been very different , with less growth in resources and higher prices , showing that Barnett and Morse 's conclusions did not hold for the long term .
Another reason that some believed Limits to Growth was wrong was confusion over what one summary graph showed .
The graph shows dates only at the two end points -- 1900 and 2100 -- so was somewhat confusing to read .
A graph of the forecast , with more intermediate dates , is shown below :
According to Hall and Day , this forecast is " largely accurate " to date .
" We are not aware of any model made by economists that is as accurate over such a long time span . "
We cannot know at this time how accurate future projections will prove to be .
Another reason people have been reluctant to believe forecasts predicting shortages is because the forecast of Thomas Malthus back in 1798 proved wrong .
Malthus predicted that population would grow more rapidly than food supply , resulting in starvation .
A major reason he was wrong was because of the growth in the use in fossil fuels , and the resulting increase in food production .
Looking to the future , the authors see peak oil to be a key issue :
. . . a key issue for the future is the degree to which fossil and other fuels will continue to be abundant and cheap .
Together oil and natural gas supply nearly two - thirds of the energy used in the world , and coal another 20 percent .
We do not live in an information age , or a post - industrial age , or ( yet ) a solar age , but a petroleum age .
Unfortunately , that will soon end :
It appears that oil and gas production has reached , or soon will reach , a maximum .
. .
Most environmental science textbooks focus far more on the adverse impacts of fossil fuels than on the implications of our overwhelming economic and even nutritional dependence on them .
The failure today to bring the potential reality and implications of peak oil , indeed of peak everything , into scientific discourse and teaching is a grave threat to industrial society .
Charles
Hall can be reached at " chall at esf dot edu " ; the author of this post , Dave Murphy ( aka EROI Guy ) , can be reached at " theoildrumeroi at gmail dot com " .
New genome sequence information from the humble baker 's yeast has revealed surprising variation in a set of genes that can be thought of as nature 's oldest clock .
In a paper published in Genome Research scientists show how ribosomal RNA genes that are essential to all Earth 's organisms provide insight into how genomes maintain their integrity on their evolutionary journey .
Ribosomal RNA sequence changes have been ticking away like clockwork for over 3 billion years , maybe even pre-dating the origin of the DNA world itself .
However , even the slightest changes in sequence of these genes can be fatal .
It is vital to conserve the important genetic ' cogs ' to make sure cells function correctly .
However , significant changes do occur , contrary to expectation , and yet the yeast somehow still survives .
Furthermore , when two yeasts hybridize the clocks appear to re-set , apparently overwriting each others ' rhythm and eliminating unwanted variations on the theme .
This provides clues as to how key motifs are conserved and allows us to track the evolutionary history of hybrids .
Steve James , lead researcher at the Institute of Food Research ( IFR ) , said " I have sequenced these genes to selectively identify yeast species for over 15 years and had no idea they would turn out to be so variable . "
Rob Davey , computational biologist at the National Collection of Yeast Cultures ( NCYC ) , said " we can use new computer techniques to model the changes mathematically and really get to grips with what orchestrates the variation in these important cell housekeepers . "
Ian Roberts , Curator of NCYC , said " Yeasts are everywhere around us in nature and industry .
This extra level of detail allows us to resolve important differences between yeasts and gain maximum benefits from their use in food , drink and healthcare . "
Yeast production is a multi-billion dollar industry for brewing , baking , biofuel production , probiotics , and medical applications .
The strains used in this study are publicly available alongside several thousand other yeasts at www.ncyc.co.uk.
The collection is supported at the IFR by the BBSRC and seeks to make yeast strains and knowledge available to industrial and academic scientists in an equitable and efficient manner .
his research was funded by the BBSRC , the Wellcome Trust , NSF , NIH and the Hertz Foundation .
This work was carried out in collaboration with the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
The IFR is an institute of the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) .
Article : " Repetitive sequence variation and dynamics in the ribosomal DNA array of Saccharomyces cerevisiae as revealed by whole - genome resequencing " Genome Res. 2009 .
19 : 626-635
Most of BP's Texas City settlement goes for upgrades BP to pay $ 180 million to settle pollution case
BP has agreed to pay $ 180 million to resolve a federal inquiry into pollution violations at its Texas City refinery .
The proposed settlement requires the London - based oil giant to spend $ 161 million for equipment to reduce harmful emissions at the refinery , including stricter controls for benzene , a petroleum byproduct known to cause cancer .
The company also will pay $ 12 million in penalties and $ 6 million into programs to clean the air in the surrounding community .
BP ’s deal with the federal Department of Justice and Environmental Protection Agency comes nearly four years after an explosion killed 15 people at the nation ’s third - largest refinery .
Regulators said the ensuing inspections revealed the company had not obeyed an earlier agreement that required tighter controls of benzene , among other violations .
“ The Department of Justice and the EPA will aggressively pursue those who fail to comply with the laws that protect our environment , and we will hold them accountable , ” said John Cruden , acting assistant attorney general for the Justice Department ’s Environment and Natural Resources Division .
BP spokesman Daren Beaudo said the settlement builds upon the company ’s efforts to control emissions of benzene at the refinery , which resumed full operations in January after a three - year $ 1 billion overhaul .
“ We are pleased to have achieved this settlement and will work to continue reducing emissions and to ensure regulatory compliance at Texas City , ” Beaudo said .
BP has already pleaded guilty to charges related to the explosion and agreed to pay a separate penalty of $ 50 million , the largest criminal fine ever assessed against a corporation for federal Clean Air Act violations .
The plea is still under review by U.S. District Judge Lee Rosenthal in Houston .
But the latest settlement should not be relevant in determining the company ’s criminal liability in the March 2005 explosion , prosecutors said .
In the 131 - page consent decree , submitted Thursday for approval by a federal judge in Indiana , BP agreed to install equipment that will reduce emissions of benzene and other volatile organic compounds at the refinery by 6,000 pounds a year .
The refinery emitted 96,000 pounds of benzene in 2006 , according to the most recent federal data available .
BP also agreed to modernize cooling appliances , reducing emissions of hydrochlorofluorocarbons , which are blamed for depleting the Earth ’s protective stratospheric ozone layer , and improve handling of asbestos at the refinery .
The Texas City plant regained its ability to operate at fill tilt in January after more than three years of maintenance and upgrades following Hurricane Rita and the deadly explosion .
Before the shutdown , the refinery could earn $ 100 million a month when running at capacity .
matthew.tresaugue@chron.com
Read this in : Português
Note : After reading this article , please also read the Vitamin A , Vitamin D and Cod Liver Oil : Some Clarifications section in our Cod Liver Oil Basics and Recommendations article
The discovery of vitamin A and the history of its application in the field of human nutrition is a story of bravery and brilliance , one that represents a marriage of the best of scientific inquiry with worldwide cultural traditions ; and the suborning of that knowledge to the dictates of the food industry provides a sad lesson in the use of power and influence to obfuscate the truth .
A key player in this fascinating story is Weston A. Price , who discovered that the diets of healthy traditional peoples contained at least ten times as much vitamin A as the American diet of his day .
His work revealed that vitamin A is one of several fat - soluble activators present only in animal fats and necessary for the assimilation of minerals in the diet .
He noted that the foods held sacred by the peoples he studied , such as spring butter , fish eggs and shark liver , were exceptionally rich in vitamin A .
All traditional cultures recognized that certain foods were necessary to prevent blindness .
In his pioneering work , Nutrition and Physical Degeneration , Weston Price tells the story of a prospector who , while crossing a high plateau in the Rocky Mountains , went blind with xerophthalmia , due to a lack of vitamin A .
As he wept in despair , he was discovered by an Indian who caught him a trout and fed him “ the flesh of the head and the tissues back of the eyes , including the eyes . ” 1
Within a few hours his sight began to return and within two days his eyes were nearly normal .
Several years previous to the travels of Weston Price , scientists had discovered that the richest source of vitamin A in the entire animal body is that of the retina and the tissues in back of the eyes .
Many cultures used liver , another excellent source of vitamin A , for various types of blindness .
2
The liver was first pressed to the eye and then eaten , a ritual through which the patient directed the healing powers of liver to the afflicted sense organ .
The Egyptians described this cure at least 3500 years ago .
Similar practices have been described in 18th - century Russia , rural Java in 1978 and among the inhabitants of Newfoundland in 1929 .
Other cultures used the liver of shark .
Hippocrates ( 460-327 BC ) prescribed liver soaked in honey for blindness in malnourished children .
Assyrian texts dating from 700 BC and Chinese medical writings from the 7th century AD both call for the use of liver in the treatment of night blindness .
A 12th - century Hebrew treatise recommends pressing goat liver to the eyes , followed by eating of the liver .
In the Middle Ages , the Dutch physician Jacob van Laerlandt ( 1235-1299 ) wrote the following :
Who does not at night see right
Eats the liver of goat
He will then see better at night .
Vitamin A Bravery
Night blindness was a recurring problem among sailors on long voyages but by the advent of the great European navies , the wisdom of traditional liver therapy was largely ignored .
It took brave dedication to the scientific method to confirm the validity of the ancient treatments .
The first to do this was Eduard Schwarz ( 1831 - 1862 ) , a ship ’s doctor on an Austrian frigate that was sent around the world on a scientific exploration .
Before his departure from Vienna , several physicians had asked Schwartz to test the old folk remedy of boiled ox liver against night blindness .
On the voyage , 75 of the 352 men developed the condition .
Every evening when dusk came , they lost their vision and had to be led about like the blind .
Schwartz fed them ox or pork liver and found that the night vision in all of the afflicted was restored .
The cure was “ a true miracle , ” said Schwartz in his published report , which stated emphatically that night blindness was a nutritional disease .
For this he was viciously attacked by the medical profession , which accused him of “ frivolity ” and “ self-aggrandizement . ”
Three years after his return from the expedition , the discredited physician died of TB .
He was 31 .
The use of vitamin - A - rich foods for tuberculosis had not yet been discovered .
In 1904 , the Japanese physician M. Mori described xerophthalmia in undernourished children whose diet consisted of rice , barley , cereals “ and other vegetables . ”
Xerophthalmia is a condition that progresses from night blindness to dissolution of the cornea and finally the bursting of the eye .
He treated the children with liver and also cod liver oil with excellent results .
In fact , he found that cod liver oil was even more effective than liver in restoring visual function .
Mori described it as “ an excellent , almost specific medication .
. .
Indeed , in most cases , the effect is so rapid that by evening the children with night blindness are already dancing around briskly , to the joy of their mothers . ”
Cod liver oil also helped reverse keratomalacia , a condition associated with severe nutritional deficiencies and characterized by corneal ulceration , extreme dryness of the eyes and infection .
At the end of the First World War , a physician named Bloch discovered that a diet containing whole milk , butter , eggs and cod liver oil cured night blindness and keratomalacia .
In one important experiment , Bloch compared the results when he fed one group of children whole milk and the other margarine as the only fat .
Half of the margarine - fed children developed corneal problems while the children receiving butterfat and cod liver oil remained healthy .
The actual discovery of vitamin A is credited to a researcher named E. V. McCollum .
He was curious why cows fed wheat did not thrive , became blind and gave birth to dead calves , while those fed yellow corn had no health problems .
The year was 1907 and by this time , scientists were able to determine the levels of protein , carbohydrate , fat and minerals in food .
The wheat and corn used in McCollum ’s experiments contained equal levels of minerals and macronutrients .
McCollum wondered whether the wheat contained a toxic substance , or whether there was something lacking in the wheat that was present in yellow maize ?
In order to solve the puzzle , McCollum hit upon the idea of using small animals like mice or rats rather than cows for nutrition experiments — they ate less , took up less space , reproduced rapidly and could be given controlled diets .
Like many good ideas , this one met with considerable opposition .
McCollum worked in the Wisconsin College of Agriculture and was told by the dean “ to experiment with economically valuable animals — the rat was a pest to farmers ! ”
McCollum was forced to work secretly in the basement of the Agriculture Hall where he studied the effects of various diets on colonies of rats .
He discovered that rats fed pure protein , pure skim milk , sugar , minerals and lard or olive oil for fat failed to grow .
When he added butterfat or an extract of egg yolk to their diets , their health was restored .
He discovered a fat - soluble factor in certain foods that was essential for growth and survival .
This was named “ fat - soluble factor A ” as opposed to other accessory dietary factors , called “ water - soluble B . ”
Research by Osbourne and Mendel , published just five months after McCollum ’s study , found that cod liver oil produced the same results as butter in rat studies , thus confirming the early work of Mori in Japan .
Continued experiments helped scientists determine that vitamin A was colorless , but often associated in foods with beta - carotene , which was yellow .
In the 1930s , researchers discovered that vitamin A is formed by the conversion of beta- carotenes in the intestinal mucosa of animals and humans .
The scientific term for vitamin A is retinol , because of its presence in the retina of the eye .
The role of retinol in vision was elucidated by a number of brilliant scientists , beginning in 1877 with a German , W. Kuhne , who discovered that the purple retinas from dark - adapted frogs turned yellow when exposed to light .
The purple color is restored in a complex biochemical cycle involving vitamin A , which makes vision possible .
Other scientists demonstrated the role of vitamin A in cell differentiation , bone development , reproduction and immune system function .
Weston Price confirmed the value of vitamin A in traditional diets during his studies of indigenous peoples carried out during the 1930s and 1940s .
Due to the outstanding scientific work of these and many other researchers , the administration of cod liver oil to growing children — a tradition found among Arctic peoples such as the Scandanivians and Eskimos — became standard practice until after the Second World War .
Ironically , as Americans have stopped giving cod liver oil to their children , programs to administer vitamin A to children in Africa and Asia have had astonishing success in preventing blindness and infectious disease .
This vitamin - A - treatment program was the brainchild of yet another brave researcher , Alfred Sommer , an ophthalmologist at Johns Hopkins University , who patiently lobbied for an international program after observing the wonderful effects of vitamin - A supplementation in Indonesia and Nepal .
In recent decades , much vitamin - A research has focussed on its role in preventing cancer , and its use in combination with nontoxic therapies in the treatment of cancer .
Unfortunately , research on the anticarcinogenic properties of vitamin A has not been widely adopted .
Perhaps the most tragic example is Dr. Max Gerson , who treated many cases of terminal cancer with excellent results using raw liver juice , a rich source of vitamin A .
In 1946 , he testified before a US congressional committee on the success of his treatment , but it was subsequently ignored . 3
In 1973 , Dr. Kanematsu Sigiura of the Sloan Kettering Institute published the results of studies on mammary tumors in mice using high doses of vitamin A and a derivative of seeds called laetrile .
He observed complete regression of all the tumors in a total of five mice .
The final report noted that “ Dr. Sigiura has never observed complete regression of these tumors in all his cosmic experience with other chemotherapeutic agents . ”
Nevertheless , just a few months later , spokesmen for Sloan Kettering flatly denied that there was any value in the therapy .
4
Vitamin A Vagary
While the ongoing process of research into vitamin A and its effects is a boon to children and adults throughout the world , modern agriculture and food processing conglomerates gain nothing from this knowledge .
Confinement farming practices effectively prevent vitamin
A from incorporation into animal foods and the processing industry would rather use vegetable oils than animal fats .
Some vegetable oils contain carotenes but they do not contain true vitamin A .
Only animal fats contain vitamin A and vitamin A is present in large amounts only when the animals have a source of carotenes or vitamin A in the diet , such as green pasture , insects and fish meal .
Unfortunately , the vast majority of popular books on nutrition insist that humans can obtain vitamin A from fruits and vegetables .
Even worse , FDA regulations allow food processors to label carotenes as vitamin A .
The label for a can of tomatoes says that tomatoes contain vitamin A , even though the only source of true vitamin A in the tomatoes is the microscopic insect parts .
The food industry , and the lowfat school of nutrition that the industry has spawned , benefit greatly from the fact that the public has only vague notions about vitamin A .
In fact , most of the foods that provide large amounts of vitamin A — butter , egg yolks , liver , organ meats and shellfish — have been subject to intense demonization .
Under optimal conditions , humans can indeed convert carotenes to vitamin A .
This occurs in the upper intestinal tract by the action of bile salts and fat - splitting enzymes .
Of the entire family of carotenes , beta - carotene is most easily converted to vitamin A. Early studies indicated an equivalency of 4:1 of beta - carotene to retinol .
In other words , four units of beta - carotene were needed to produce one unit of vitamin A .
This ratio was later revised to 6:1 and recent research suggests an even higher ratio.
5
This means that you have to eat an awful lot of vegetables and fruits to obtain even the daily minimal requirements of vitamin A , assuming optimal conversion .
But the transformation of carotene to retinol is rarely optimal .
Diabetics and those with poor thyroid function , a group that could well include at least half the adult US population , cannot make the conversion .
Children make the conversion very poorly and infants not at all — they must obtain their precious stores of vitamin A from animal fats6 — yet the low - fat diet is often recommended for children .
Strenuous physical exercise , excessive consumption of alcohol , excessive consumption of iron ( especially from “ fortified ” white flour and breakfast cereal ) , use of a number of popular drugs , excessive consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids , zinc deficiency and even cold weather can hinder the conversion of carotenes to vitamin A,7 as does the lowfat diet .
Carotenes are converted by the action of bile salts , and very little bile reaches the intestine when a meal is low in fat .
The epicure who puts butter on his vegetables and adds cream to his vegetable soup is wiser than he knows .
Butterfat stimulates the secretion of bile needed to convert carotenes from vegetables into vitamin A , and at the same time supplies very easily absorbed true vitamin A. Polyunsaturated oils also stimulate the secretion of bile salts but can cause rapid destruction of carotene unless antioxidants are present .
It is very unwise , therefore , to depend on plant sources for vitamin A .
This vital nutrient is needed for the growth and repair of body tissues ; it helps protect mucous membranes of the mouth , nose , throat and lungs ; it prompts the secretion of gastric juices necessary for proper digestion of protein ; it helps to build strong bones and teeth and rich blood ; it is essential for good eyesight ; it aids in the production of RNA ; and contributes to the health of the immune system .
Vitamin - A deficiency in pregnant mothers results in offspring with eye defects , displaced kidneys , harelip , cleft palate and abnormalities of the heart and larger blood vessels .
Vitamin
A stores are rapidly depleted during exercise , fever and periods of stress .
Even people who can efficiently convert carotenes to vitamin A cannot quickly and adequately replenish vitamin A stores from plant foods .
Foods high in vitamin A are especially important for diabetics and those suffering from thyroid conditions .
In fact , the thyroid gland requires more vitamin A than the other glands , and cannot function without it .8
And a diet rich in vitamin A will help protect the diabetic from the degenerative conditions associated with the disease , such as problems with the retina and with healing .
Weston Price considered the fat - soluble vitamins , especially vitamin A , to be the catalysts on which all other biological processes depend .9
Efficient mineral uptake and utilization of water - soluble vitamins require sufficient vitamin A in the diet .
His research demonstrated that generous amounts of vitamin A insure healthy reproduction and offspring with attractive wide faces , straight teeth and strong sturdy bodies .
He discovered that healthy native peoples especially value vitamin - A - rich foods for growing children and pregnant mothers .
The tenfold disparity that Price discovered between indigenous diets and the American diet in the 1940s is almost certainly greater today as Americans have forsworn butter and cod liver oil for empty , processed polyunsaturates .
In Third World communities that have come into contact with the West , vitamin - A deficiencies are widespread and contribute to high infant mortality , blindness , stunting , bone deformities and susceptibility to infection .
10
These occur even in communities that have access to plentiful carotenes in vegetables and fruits .
Scarcity of good quality dairy products , a rejection of organ meats as old fashioned or unhealthful , and a substitution of vegetable oil for animal fat in cooking all contribute to the physical degeneration and suffering of Third World peoples .
Supplies of vitamin
A are so vital to the human organism that mankind is able to store large quantities of it in the liver and other organs .
Thus it is possible for an adult to subsist on a fat - free diet for a considerable period of time before overt symptoms of deficiency appear .
But during times of stress , vitamin A stores are rapidly depleted .
Strenuous physical exercise , periods of physical growth , pregnancy , lactation and infection are stresses that quickly deplete vitamin A stores .
Children with measles rapidly use up vitamin A , which can result in irreversible blindness .
An interval of three years between pregnancies allows mothers to rebuild vitamin A stores so that subsequent children will not suffer diminished vitality .
One aspect of vitamin A that deserves more emphasis is its role in protein utilization .
Kwashiorkor is as much a disease of vitamin - A deficiency , leading to impaired protein absorption , as it is a result of absence of protein in the diet .
High - protein , lowfat diets are especially dangerous because protein consumption rapidly depletes vitamin - A stores .
Children brought up on high - protein , lowfat diets often experience rapid growth .
The results — tall , myopic , lanky individuals with crowded teeth , and poor bone structure , a kind of Ichabod Crane syndrome — are a fixture in America .
High - protein , lowfat diets can even cause blindness as occurred once in Guatemala where huge amounts of instant nonfat dry milk were donated in a food relief program .
11
The people who consumed the dried milk went blind .
Indigenous peoples understood this principle instinctively , which is why they never ate lean meat and always consumed the organ meats of the animals that served them for food .
Growing children actually benefit from a diet that contains considerably more calories as fat than as protein .12 A high - fat diet that is rich in vitamin A will result in steady , even growth , a sturdy physique and high immunity to illness .
The great discrepancy between what science has discovered about vitamin A and what nutrition writers promote in the popular press contributes to awkward moments .
The New York Times has been a strong advocate for lowfat diets , even for children , yet a recent NYT article noted that vitamin - A - rich foods like liver , egg yolk , cream and shellfish confer resistance to infectious diseases in children and prevent cancer in adults .
13 A Washington
Post article hailed vitamin A as “ cheap and effective , with wonders still being ( re ) discovered , ” noting that recent studies have found that vitamin - A supplements help prevent infant mortality in Third World countries , protect measles victims from severe complications and prevent mother - to - child transmission of HIV virus .
14
The article lists butter , egg yolk and liver as important sources of vitamin A , but claims , unfortunately , that carotenes from vegetables are “ equally important . ”
Vitamin - A vagary confuses the public and contributes to continued acceptance of lowfat dogma , even among science writers .
Vitamin A Knavery
Even worse than vitamin - A vagary is vitamin - A knavery in the form of concerns that vitamin A may be toxic in more than the minuscule RDA - recommended amounts .
In fact , so great is the propaganda against the vitamin that obstetricians and pediatricians are now warning patients to avoid foods containing vitamin A !
Recently an “ expert ” panel recommended lowering the RDA ( recommended daily allowance ) for vitamin A from 5000 IU daily to about 2500 IU and has set an upper limit of about 10,000 IUs for women .
The panel was headed by Dr. Robert Russell of Tufts University , who warned that intake over the “ upper limit ” may cause irreversible liver damage and birth defects — a ridiculous statement in view of the fact that just a few decades ago pregnant women were routinely advised to take cod liver oil daily and eat liver several times per week .
One tablespoon of cod liver oil contains at least 15,000 IU and one serving of liver can contain up to 40,000 IU vitamin A. Russell epitomizes the establishment view when he insists that vitamin - A requirements can be met with one - half cup of carrots daily .
The anti-vitamin - A campaign began in 1995 with the publication of a Boston University School of Medicine study published in the New England Journal of Medicine .15 “ Teratogenicity of High Vitamin A Intake , ” by Kenneth J. Rothman and his colleagues , correlates vitamin - A consumption among more than 22,000 pregnant women with birth defects occurring in subsequent offspring .
The study received extensive press coverage in the same publications that had earlier extolled the benefits of vitamin A. “ Study Links Excess Vitamin A and Birth Defects ” by Jane Brody appeared on the front page of the New York Times on October 7 , 1995 ; on November 24 , 1995 , the Washington Times reported : “ High doses of vitamin A linked to babies ’ brain defects . ”
When a single study receives front - page coverage , it ’s important to take a closer look , especially as earlier research discovered the importance of vitamin A in preventing birth defects .
In fact , the defects listed as increasing with increased vitamin A dosage — cleft lip , cleft palate , hydrocephalus and major heart malformations — are also defects of vitamin A deficiency .
In the study , researchers asked over 22,000 women to respond to questionnaires about their eating habits and supplement intake before and during pregnancy .
Their responses were used to determine vitamin - A status .
As reported in the newspapers , researchers found that cranial - neural - crest defects increased with increased dosages of vitamin A ; what the papers did not report was the fact that neural tube defects decreased with increased vitamin A consumption , and that no trend was apparent with musculoskeletal , urogenital or other defects .
The trend was much less pronounced , and less statistically significant , when cranial - neural - crest defects were correlated with vitamin - A consumption from food alone .
The study is compromised by a number of flaws .
Vitamin - A status was assessed by the inaccurate method of recall and questionnaires ; and no blood tests were taken to determine the actual usable vitamin - A status of the mothers .
Researchers did not weight birth defects according to severity ; thus we do not know whether the defects of babies born to mothers taking high doses of vitamin A were serious or minor compared to those of mothers taking lower amounts .
The most serious flaw was that researchers failed to distinguish between manufactured vitamin A in the form of retinol , found in supplements and added to fabricated foods , from natural vitamin - A complex , present with numerous co-factors , from vitamin - A- containing foods .
It is well known that synthetic vitamins are less biologically active , hence less effective , than naturally occurring vitamins .
This is especially true of the fat - soluble vitamins like vitamin A , because these tend to be more complex molecules , with numerous double bonds and a multiplicity of forms .
Natural vitamin
A occurs as a mixture of various isomers , aldehydes , esters , acids and alcohols .
Pure retinoic acid , a metabolite of vitamin A used to treat adult acne , is well known to cause birth defects .
Apparently pure retinol has teratogenic properties in high amounts as well .
Researchers found that cranial - neural - crest defects increased in proportion to the amount of retinol from supplements consumed during the first trimester of pregnancy ( although the total number of defects remained stable up to 15,000 IU daily ) .
Research into vitamin A has indicated that many factors interfere with its absorption and utilization .
Inadequate fat in the diet , poor production of bile salts , low enzyme status , and compromised liver function can all interfere with the uptake and usage of vitamin A , especially when given as a supplement in the form of retinol , rather than as a component of whole foods .
It may be that the teratogenic effects of commercial vitamin - A preparations are exacerbated in women whose dietary practices and general health status are poor .
Some researchers believe that synthetic vitamin A interferes with the proper utilization of natural vitamin A from foods .
Pure retinol is added to many fabricated foods like margarine , breakfast cereals and pizza .
The study made no distinction between those women whose vitamin A was supplied by whole animal foods and those who ingested retinol added to margarine , white flour and extruded breakfast cereals — foods which contain many other factors that can cause birth defects .
Natural vitamin
A provided by liver , eggs , butter , cream and cod liver oil is well recognized as providing excellent protection against birth defects .
Distinctions between synthetic and natural vitamin A have been absent in the extensive media coverage of this study — on the contrary , the newspaper reports contain implied warnings against pregnant women eating liver , dairy products , meat and eggs , but none against eating fabricated foods like margarine and breakfast cereals to which synthetic vitamin A is added .
And there has been no media coverage for subsequent studies , which found that high levels of vitamin A did not increase the risk of birth defects .
A study carried out in Rome , Italy found no congenital malformations among 120 infants exposed to more than 50,000 IU of vitamin A per day .16 A study from Switzerland looked at blood levels of vitamin A in pregnant women and found that a dose of 30,000 IU per day resulted in blood levels that had no association with birth defects .
17
Vitamin A Slavery
While scientists in America are creating confusion and fear about vitamin A , WHO and UNICEF vitamin - A- distribution programs in Africa and Asia have been extremely successful in reducing blindness and death among both children and adults .
Vitamin
A is more cost effective in saving lives and preventing suffering than immunizations and drugs and it can be administered with 2 - cent capsules .
The program does not undermine traditional cultures or foodways and is easily carried out on the village level .
But this kind of success does n’t sit well with the food and pharmaceutical industries because it strengthens village life and lessens the market for drugs and processed foods .
Fulsome with praise , the “ big guns of the international food supply system ” have joined in a “ public - private partnership ” to get in on the program .
18 Kellogg , Cargill , Monsanto and Procter & Gamble have pioneered the addition of vitamin A to margarine , vegetable oil , wheat flour , sugar and breakfast cereals — even to MSG !
At a formal luncheon hosted by Hillary Clinton , the corporate executives and leaders of various relief groups announced their goal of showing “ indigenous food companies .
. . how to add vitamin A to foods that low - income people eat . ”
In other words , vitamin A will be used to promote processed foods to villagers in Africa and Asia in the guise of humanitarian relief .
Low income people in America eat margarine and other processed foods , but low - income people in the Third World eat foods grown by farmers and processed locally by artisans .
And when people refuse to eat processed foods , the “ big guns ” have devised another stratagem — genetically engineering rice to produce carotenes .
Those who promote the so - called “ golden ” rice as a solution to the vitamin - A problem are either woefully ignorant or unabashedly corrupt .
Golden rice containing carotenes can’t provide true vitamin A to the world ’s children but it will further the trend of pushing their parents off the farm and into ghastly slums .
In the process of showing “ indigenous food companies .
. . how to add vitamin A to foods .
. . ” and of inserting genes for producing carotenes into rice , the multinational corporations will strengthen their grip on the world ’s food supply , leading to a disruption of village life and what Indian writer Vandana Shiva calls “ food dictatorship . ”
If the conglomerates have their way , programs to promote golden rice and “ enriched ” processed foods will replace programs to distribute vitamin - A capsules , increasing the suffering of children and worldwide economic slavery .
What can we in the west do to foil the nefarious plans of the food - and - pharmaceutical - complex in nations less prosperous than our own ?
The answer is simple : cut off their funding at the source by refusing to spend money on their products .
Boycott processed foods ; avoid pharmaceutical drugs .
The better way to physical and economic health is through foods containing vitamin A .
SIDEBAR ARTICLES
The Success of Vitamin A
One of the most successful programs in the history of nutrition science is the global campaign to distribute high - dose vitamin - A capsules to children throughout Africa and Asia .
Launched in 1997 , the global campaign is a partnership between UNICEF and the World Health Organization ( WHO ) as well as the governments of Canada , the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , Japan and the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) .
The program has been particularly successful in Nepal where groups of local women known as Female Community Health Volunteers help distribute the capsules throughout the rugged terrain .
In 2000 , over 90 percent of Nepalese children had received their yearly dosage of vitamin A .
Although the vitamin A distributed is synthetic and not the natural form derived from fish oils , it is the animal form of vitamin A ( retinol ) , not carotenes .
Children six to twelve months old receive two doses of 100,000 units per year ; children over 12 months receive two doses of 200,000 per year .
According to Werner Schultink , head of the Nutrition Section at UNICEF headquarters in New York , infant and child mortality drops about 23 percent when vitamin A levels are adequate .
The program in Nepal costs just over $ 2 million per year , less than $ 1 per child ( Reuter ’s 2/12/01 ) .
Conversion of Carotenes to Vitamin A
The many conditions that interfere with the conversion of carotenes in plant foods to vitamin A include :
Being an infant or child
Diabetes
Low Thyroid Function
Low Fat Intake
Intestinal Roundworms
Diarrhea
Pancreatic Disease
Celiac Disease
Sprue
The Myth of Vitamin A Toxicity
Typical of the orthodox medical view of vitamin A is the following statement , posted at WebMD.com : “ Vitamin A can be very toxic when taken in high - dose supplements for long periods of time and can affect almost every part of the body , including eyes , bones , blood , skin , central nervous system , liver , and genital and urinary tracts .
Symptoms include dizziness , nausea , vomiting , headache , skin damage , mental disturbances and , in women , infrequent periods .
Severe toxicity can cause blindness and may even be life - threatening .
Liver damage can occur in children who take RDA - approved adult levels over prolonged periods of time or in adults who take as little as five times the RDA - approved amount for seven to ten years .
In children , chronic overdose can cause fluid on the brain and other symptoms similar to those in adults .
Pregnant women who take amounts not much higher than RDA levels increase the risk for birth defects in their children .
High consumption of vitamin A may also increase the risk of gastric cancer and the risk of osteoporosis and fractures in women . ”
The Merck Manual describes vitamin- A toxicity in less hysterical terms .
Acute vitamin - A poisoning can occur in children after taking a single dose of synthetic vitamin A in the range of 300,000 IU or a daily dosage of 60,000 IU for a few weeks .
Two fatalities have been reported from acute vitamin - A poisoning in children , which manifests as increased intracranial pressure and vomiting .
For the vast majority , however , recovery after discontinuation is “ spontaneous , with no residual damage . ”
In adults , according to the Merck Manual , vitamin - A toxicity has been reported in arctic explorers who developed drowsiness , irritability , headaches and vomiting , with subsequent peeling of the skin , within a few hours of ingesting several million units of vitamin A from polar bear or seal liver .
Again , these symptoms cleared up with discontinuation of the vitamin - A rich food .
Other than this unusual example , however , only vitamin - A from “ megavitamin tablets containing vitamin A. . . when taken for a long time ” has induced acute toxicity , that is , 100,000 IU synthetic vitamin - A per day taken for many months .
Unless you are an arctic explorer , it is virtually impossible to develop vitamin - A toxicity from food .
The putative toxic dose of 100,000 IU per day would be contained in 3 tablespoons of high vitamin cod liver oil , 6 tablespoons of regular cod liver oil , two - and - one - half 100 - gram servings of duck liver , about three 100 - gram servings of beef liver , seven pounds of butter or 309 egg yolks .
Even synthetic vitamin
A is not toxic when given as a single large dose or in small amounts on a daily basis .
Children in impoverished areas of the world are routinely given two 100,000 - unit doses of retinol per year for infants and two 200,000 - unit doses for children over 12 months .
The tragedy is that misplaced concern about vitamin - A toxicity has led doctors to advise pregnant women to avoid foods containing vitamin A , and parents to avoid giving cod liver oil to their babies .
Yet the early books on the feeding of pregnant women and infants recommended generous doses of cod liver oil and frequent liver consumption for pregnant women and two teaspoons of cod liver oil per day for babies three months and older .
A majority of our medical problems would clear up very quickly if the populace would return to eating liver and embrace the use of cod liver oil — our finest superfoods .
Getting It Wrong
“ Vitamin A can be found in fish liver oils , animal livers and green and yellow fruits and vegetables . ”
— Prescription for Nutritional Healing by James F. Balch , MD and Phillis A. Balch , CNC .
( However , the authors include the following warning at the end of their section on vitamin A : “ Diabetics should avoid beta - carotene as should hypothyroid individuals , because they cannot convert beta - carotene to vitamin A. ” )
“ Cod liver oil used to be taken routinely as a source of vitamin A .
But many experts now believe that as a nutritional aid , the oil is obsolete .
We can only consume vitamin A directly in the meat of animals — liver is the richest source .
But bright orange fruits and vegetables and dark , leafy greens contain beta - carotene which our bodies convert into the vitamin .
. .
Before the days of refrigerated trucks and mass distribution of produce , vitamin A deficiency was an enormous problem .
. . .
But today most people have access to a wide range of produce year - round .
What ’s more , beta - carotene supplements are also widely available . ”
— Article on WebMD.com by Karen Cullen , RD , PhD
“ Vitamin A is found in animal produce and beta - carotene , a vitamin - A - type compound .
It is found in the yellow pigments of vegetables .
. .
If it is not needed , it remains as beta - carotene ; if needed , it is converted into vitamin A. . . vitamin A supplements [ are ] not necessary . ” — Enhancing Fertility Naturally by Nicky Wesson
“ Vitamin A is found in the form of betacarotene in leafy green vegetables , carrots , sweet potatoes , winter squash and cantelope in adequate amounts to supply a child ’s daily needs .
. . ” — Dr. Attwood ’s Low - Fat Prescription for Kids by Dr. Charles R. Attwood
“ Vitamin A ’s toxicity depends on its form .
Only retinol and the other varieties found in animal foods are capable of doing much harm .
Carotenoids , the vegetable sources of vitamin A , do n’t seem to be toxic even when extraordinarily large amounts are consumed . ”
— The University of California San Diego Nutrition Book by Paul Saltman , PhD , Joel Gurin and Ira Mothner
“ The carotenes . . . are the main source of vitamin A. ” Basic Food Chemistry by Frank E. Lee , PhD “ Yellow , deep orange / red and dark green vegetables and fruits .
. . are high in vitamin A. . . “ — The Breast Cancer Survival Manual by John Link , MD
“ Vitamin A taken too enthusiastically can be toxic , since it is stored in the liver .
Beta - carotene , however , is not converted into vitamin A unless the body requires it , and you cannot suffer from toxic levels of it . ”
— The Endometriosis Answer Book by Niels H Lauersen and Constance deSwaan
Vitamin A— The Miracle Nutrient
Vitamin
A supplementation of children in Asia and Africa has been extremely effective in reducing the rates of infection , diarrhea , anemia and blindness ( Reuter ’s 2/12/01 ) .
African and Asian children receiving vitamin - A supplements grow faster , have better hemoglobin values and die 30 - 60 percent less frequently than nonsupplemented peers ( J Nutr Jan 1989 119( 1):96-100 ) .
Vitamin A supplementation can reduce the incidence of malaria .
Children in Papua New Guinea given high doses of vitamin A had a 30 percent lower incidence of malaria than those receiving a placebo ( The Lancet , 1999 , 354:203-9 ) .
Vitamin A plays a vital regulating role in the immune system .
Vitamin
A deficiency leads to a loss of ciliated cells in the lung , an important first line defense against pathogens .
Vitamin
A promotes mucin secretion and microvilli formation by mucosa , including the gastrointestinal tract mucosa .
Vitamin A regulates T - cell production and apoptosis ( programmed cell death ) ( Nutrition Reviews 1998 ;56:S38 -S48 ) .
HIV transmission is closely correlated with levels of vitamin A in mothers .
A study in Malawi , Africa found that mothers with the highest levels of vitamin A had an HIV transmission rate of just 7.2 percent ( Celia Farber , “ A Timely Firestorm , ” www.ironminds.com).
Treatment with megadoses of vitamin A ( 100,000 IU per day ) resulted in a 92 percent cure rate of menorrhagia ( excessive menstrual bleeding ) at Johannesburg General Hospital in South Africa ( S Afr Med J 1977 ) .
Lack of vitamin A interferes with optimal function of the hippocampus , the main seat of learning .
Scientists at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in San Diego , California , found that removing vitamin A from the diets of mice diminished chemical changes in the brain considered the hallmarks of learning and memory ( Proc Natl Acad Sci , Sep 25 , 2001 98( 20 ) :11714-9 ) .
Natural vitamin
A helps reconnect retinoid receptors critical for vision , sensory perception , language processing and attention in autistic children .
Use of cod liver oil helps children recover from autism due to the DPT vaccine .
The pertussis toxin interferes with retinoid receptors in the brain ( Med Hypothesis , Jun 2000 54(6):979-83 ) .
Vitamin A can be helpful in the treatment of psoriasis .
Researchers found that patients suffering from severe psoriasis had low blood levels of vitamin A ( Acta Derm Venereol Jul 1994 74(4):298-301 ) .
In stroke victims , those with high levels of vitamin A are more likely to recover without damage ( The Lancet , Mar 25 , 1998 , pp 47-50 ) .
Vitamin A protects against lung and bladder cancers in men ( Alt Cancer Inst Monogr Dec 1985 69:137-42 ) .
Fourteen out of 20 patients with prostate cancer achieved total remission and five achieved partial remission using vitamin A as part of a natural cancer therapy in Germany ( Drugs Exp Clin Res 2000;26(65-6):249-52 ) .
Vitamin A was used successfully by Dr. L. J. A. Loewenthal , to combat tropical ulcers in Uganda ( S Afr Med J Dec 24 1983 64( 27 ) :1064 -7 ) .
Vitamin
A has also been used successfully to treat a skin condition called Kyrle ’s disease ( Cutis Dec 1982 30(6) :753-5 , 759 ) .
Elderly persons who consume adequate vitamin A are less prone to leg ulcers ( Veris Newsletter Dec 1999 ; 15 ( 4 ) :5 ) .
Chronic vitamin- A deficiency causes degeneration of the structures of the ear .
Decreased auditory function in humans is associated with low vitamin - A levels .
( Arch Otorhinolaryngol 1982;234(2):167-73 ) .
Vitamin
A inhibits the effects of phytic acid and increases absorption of iron from whole wheat .
( Arch Latinoam Nutr Sep 2000 ;50 ( 3) :243-8 ) .
Vitamin
A supplementation increases absorption of iron and folic acid in women in Bangladesh ( Am J Clin Nutr Jul 2001 ;74(1) :108-15 ) .
Use of vitamin A supplements reduces the risk of cataracts ( Am J Ophthalmol Jul 2001 ; 132( 1):19 - 26 ) .
Sources of Vitamin A
Listed below are approximate levels of vitamin A in common foods , in IUs per 100 grams :
High - vitamin cod liver oil 230,000
Regular cod liver oil 100,000
Duck liver 40,000
Beef liver 35,000
Goose liver 31,000
Liverwurst sausage ( pork ) 28,000
Lamb liver 25,000
It should be noted that these amounts can vary according to how the animals are fed .
Weston Price noted a huge variation in vitamin - A content of butter according to the season .
In addition , absorption of vitamin A varies according to the food .
Research carried out during the 1940s indicates that vitamin A is more easily absorbed from butter than from other foods .
The US Recommended Daily Allowance of vitamin A is currently 5,000 IU per day ( and may possibly be lowered to 2500 IU per day ) .
From the work of Weston Price , we can assume that the amount in indigenous diets was about 50,000 IU per day , which could be achieved in a modern diet by consuming generous amounts of whole milk , cream , butter and eggs from pastured animals ; beef or duck liver several times per week ; and 1 tablespoon regular cod liver oil or 1 /2 tablespoon high - vitamin cod liver oil per day .
Are Carotenes Safe ?
Are carotenes safe in large doses , as claimed ?
Dependence on carotenes for vitamin A calls on large reserves of enzymes to make the conversion .
In their fascinating book Nutrition and Evolution , Michael Crawford and David Marsh note that in animals , “ if any function can be delegated to another organism it leaves the disk space free to perform some new function or to perform an old one better . ”
The cat species does not synthesize vitamin A from carotenes .
“ If they had to synthesize their own vitamin A . . . it would take up a significant amount of their disk space . ”
Cats get vitamin
A from their prey , whose ability to synthesize vitamin A from carotenes compromises other functions , such as night vision and quickness of movement .
While medical orthodoxy claims that consumption of large amounts of carotenes has no downside , it is possible that dependence on carotenes for vitamin A , even in those who are good converters , compromises other biochemical functions in subtle ways .
The so - called nontoxic betacarotene supplements contain a synthetic form of carotene , just one of 50 or 60 carotenes found in the typical diet .
The biological activity of synthetic betacarotene is much lower than that of the natural complexes of carotenes and , in fact , may put stress on the immune system Studies with humans and rats given synthetic betacarotene found an increase in white blood cells .
In cancer trials , synthetic betacarotenes were not found to be protective .
In fact , in one study , patients given synthetic betacarotene had worse results than controls ( NEJM April 1994 330:( 15) ;891-895 ) .
REFERENCES
Price , Weston A. Nutrition and Physical Degeneration .
Price - Pottenger Nutrition Foundation , San Diego , CA , p 280 .
The history outlined here has been expertly compiled by G Wolf .
“ A History of Vitamin A and Retinoids . ” The FASEB Journal , July 1996 , 10:1102 - 1107 .
Gerson , M. , MD .
A Cancer Therapy : Results of Fifty Cases .
Totality Books , Del Mar , CA , 1958 .
Griffin , G. E. World Without Cancer .
American Media , Westlake Village , CA , 1974 , pp 462 - 3 .
Solomons , N. W. and J. Bulus .
“ Plant sources of provitamin A and human nutriture . ”
Nutrition Review , Springer Verlag New York , Inc , July 1993 , 51:1992 - 4. Jennings , I. W. Vitamins in Endocrine Metabolism .
Charles C. Thomas Publisher , Springfield , Illinois .
Dunne , L. J. Nutrition Almanac , Third Edition , McGraw - Hill Publishing Company , 1990 .
Jennings , Op Cit. Price , Op Cit. Solomons , Op Cit. Personal Communication , Ruth Rosevear Protein calories should comprise about 15 percent of the diet .
Fat calories in children ’s diets should be greater than 40 percent of total calories .
Angler , Natalie .
“ Vitamins Win Support as Potent Agents of Health , ” New York Times , March 10 , 1992 .
Brown , David .
“ It ’s Cheap and Effective , With Wonders Still Being ( Re ) discovered . ”
The Washington Post , November 7,1994 .
Rothman , K. J. and others .
“ Teratogenicity of high vitamin A intake . ” New England Journal of Medicine .
November 23 , 1995 333( 21 ) :1414 - 5. Mastroiacovo , P. and others .
“ High vitamin A intake in early pregnancy and major malformations : a multicenter prospective controlled study . ”
Teratology .
January 1999 59 ( 1 ) : 1 - 2. Wiegand , U. W. and others .
“ Safety of vitamin A : recent results . ” International Journal of Vitamin and Nutrition Research .
1998 , 68(6) :411- 6 . Mann , J. “ Saving Young Lives With a 2 - Cent Capsule . ”
The Washington Post , March 17 , 1999 .
This article appeared in Wise Traditions in Food , Farming and the Healing Arts , the quarterly magazine of the Weston A. Price Foundation , Winter 2001 .
Read this in : Português
The Spartans came at UConn in the same way the emotion flowed from the city and the stands : in waves .
A Michigan State team that prides itself on an everyman ethos had points from nearly every man , with 10 players scoring .
Kalin Lucas led Michigan State with 21 points , and Raymar Morgan snapped out of a slump to score 18 .
But the most important number came from Michigan State ’s bench , which outscored Connecticut ’s , 33 - 7 .
Image
In the signature moment of Michigan States victory over Connecticut , Durrell Summers dunked over Stanley Robinson to give the Spartans a 10 - point lead with 5:50 left .
Credit ...
Gregory Shamus / Getty Images
The Spartans ground down the taller and more talented Huskies with a relentless transition game .
As Connecticut clanged free throws ( 21 of 33 ) and stood flatfooted while Michigan State stormed on fast break after fast break , it became apparent that the Spartans ’ heart and depth was simply overwhelming the Huskies .
“ I thought we did wear them down a little bit , ” Izzo said .
“ I thought depth worked on our side . ”
From the other sideline , Connecticut Coach Jim Calhoun said it was clear that the Spartans were playing for something bigger .
Calhoun said he would not be surprised if they won the national title .
He said they looked like a different team from the one he had studied on tape .
“ They have a cause , ” Calhoun said .
“ And anytime you have a cause , it ’s a great , great thing to rally around . ”
Connecticut ( 31 - 5 ) enters an off - season of uncertainty .
The N.C.A.A. is looking into a report that a former team manager used illegal inducements to recruit two players after becoming an agent .
Although there was speculation that Calhoun would retire if Connecticut won the national title , he said he would use his usual formula to determine whether to return next season .
He will wait , he said , until the emotions of the loss lessen and decide later in the spring .
“ I love coaching , ” he said .
“ I love being with kids .
I like the competition . ”
The moment that epitomized Michigan State ’s dominance came with a little less than six minutes remaining .
Michigan State guard Durrell Summers streaked down the floor on a fast break and hammered a dunk over Connecticut ’s Stanley Robinson .
The capacity crowd went wild , the game ’s signature play boosting the Spartans ’ lead to 10 points and seemingly demoralizing the Huskies .
Erotic humiliation
BDSM
for your version of An Owned Life .
视频播放位置 下载安 装Flash播放器
Shanghai Sperm Bank has been forced to issue a statement on its Website to clarify its procedures , after explicit photos circulated on the Internet , claiming to show female nurses helping men to " donate " at the sperm bank .
Officials from Renji Hospital , where the sperm bank is located , said yesterday they had received several inquiries about their practices after the hoax photos appeared online .
They said the hospital 's sperm - collecting procedure is in line with professional regulations and that the misleading pictures could tarnish the reputation of the hospital and the sperm bank .
" These pictures are completely misleading , " said Li Jin , a hospital official .
" We never have female nurses assisting in sperm collection , which is done by the donor himself , alone in a special room .
To protect donor 's privacy , no one is allowed to take pictures or shoot videos in the sperm bank . "
The hospital said it did not plan to track down the sources of these picture and take legal action .
The photos probably started as a joke but were taken seriously by a few people after they were widely circulated .
The hospital issues strict rules on its practice and an ethics commission on reproductive health conducts an inspection every year .
The hospital authorities said no improper performance had ever occurred at the hospital , and no complaints had ever been received .
" Donating sperm is the same good deed as donating blood , " Li said .
" Donated sperm can help infertile couples to have children .
Both the donor and the medical facility deserve respect .
In fact , the sperm bank always has a lack of donors . "
Due to unhealthy lifestyles , environmental pollution and increased stress , both the quantity and quality of sperm have dropped by 40 to 50 percent worldwide in the recent 50 years , according to reports .
In Shanghai , about 10 percent of couples suffer infertility , and 10 percent of them must turn to a sperm bank .
Shanghai Sperm Bank was set up five years ago and has helped around 700 women to become pregnant .
( Shanghai Daily November 25 , 2008 )
" Deficiencies of aggregate demand are always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon " .
There 's an excess supply of newly - produced goods , and an excess demand for money .
But what exactly does an excess demand for money mean ?
And what does it mean for the effectiveness of monetary policy ?
Aggregate demand for goods is a demand for those goods in terms of money .
At least , that 's true in a monetary exchange economy , where all goods are bought and sold for money -- the medium of exchange .
If we have a deficiency of aggregate demand , as most macroeconomists believe we currently do , that means that Say 's Law ( " supply creates its own demand " ) is currently , as an empirical matter , false .
In a barter economy , where people offer to buy goods by offering to sell other goods , Say 's Law would be true .
The excess supply of some goods would be matched by an equal value of excess demand for other goods .
In a monetary exchange economy it is well - understood that Say 's Law can be false .
There can be an excess supply of goods , if it is matched by an equal value of excess demand for money .
That last sentence is true , but misleading .
The reason why it is misleading is not well - understood at all .
In a monetary exchange economy there is no such thing as a unique excess demand for money .
There are as many excess demands for money as there are markets .
And the aggregate of those excess demands for money does not represent the quantity of extra money that people want to hold .
Let me briefly re-cap one of the conclusions of the " disequilibrium macro " literature of the 1970's .
I mean Clower , Patinkin , Leijonhufvud , Barro - Grossman , Benassy , Dreze , etc . ( I am going to avoid taxonomic debates over exact definitions of " Say's Law " , Say 's Principle " , Walras Law " etc. , because there seem to be as many taxonomies as there are economists who have thought about these issues carefully . )
People ( and firms and governments ) face budget constraints .
If people formulate their demands and supplies of goods reflecting that budget constraint , then we get Walras Law .
The individual 's planned purchases of goods must be financed by planned sales of goods , including money .
So the value of each individual 's excess supplies of goods must equal his excess demand for money .
Aggregate across all individuals ( plus firms and governments ) and we get Walras ' Law : the value of the excess supplies of goods must equal the excess demand for money .
So Say 's Law is false , because it forgets money , and Walras ' Law is true , because it remembers to include money .
But that 's not right either .
Or rather , it would only be right if we are talking about notional excess demands and supplies .
A notional demand or supply of apples is the amount of apples that people would want to buy or sell if they ignored any constraints on the quantity of other goods they were able to buy and sell .
Notional demand and supply functions are what you get when you maximise utility subject to the budget constraint and subject to no other constraints on how much you can buy or sell .
Walras '
Law is true if it is interpreted to be speaking about notional excess supplies and demands .
But if we are out of equilibrium , there will be excess demands in some markets , and / or excess supplies in other markets , and people will not be able to buy or sell as much as they want to , because they wo n't always be able to find willing buyers or sellers .
They will be quantity constrained .
The insight of Clower and Patinkin was to recognise that quantity constraints in one market will spillover into demands and supplies in other markets .
If I want to buy apples , but can't because there 's an excess demand for apples , I might decide to buy pears instead .
If I want to sell labour , but can't because there 's an excess supply of labour , I might decide to buy less carrots .
In disequilibrium , people ( and firms and governments ) face quantity constraints as well as budget constraints .
If people formulate their demands and supplies of goods to maximise utility subject to their budget constraint and subject to quantity constraints , we get constrained ( or effective ) demand and supply functions , not notional demand and supply functions .
I go to the supermarket with $ 10 in my pocket planning to buy $ 10 worth of apples and no pears .
Those are notional demands .
Excess demand for apples $ 10 , and excess supply of money $ 10 .
Walras ' Law applies .
But when I get to the store there are no apples , so I re-maximise my utility function , including that quantity constraint , and decide to buy $ 10 of pears .
Excess demand for apples $ 10 ( because I still want the apples ) .
Excess demand for pears $ 10 ( because I can't buy apples ) .
Total excess demand for goods ( apples plus pears ) $ 20 .
But what 's the excess supply of money corresponding to that excess demand for goods ?
$ 20 ?
But I only have $ 10 in my pocket .
I go to the labour market with $ 0 in my pocket , planning to sell my labour for $ 100 and then visit the supermarket and buy $ 100 of groceries .
These are notional demands and supplies .
Excess supply of labour $ 100 , excess demand for groceries $ 100 , excess demand for money $ 0 . Walras ' Law applies .
But when I get to the labour market I can't sell my labour , so I re-maximise my utility function including that quantity constraint , and do n't go to the supermarket .
Excess supply of labour $ 100 , excess demand for groceries $ 0 .
But what 's my excess demand for money ?
$ 100 ?
But I do n't want to hold money ; I want to spend it on groceries .
But the supermarket never gets that signal .
In a Walrasian economy there is one big market , where everything can be traded for everything else , so we submit all our demands and supplies in one big unified decision , maximising utility subject to the budget constraint only .
But in a monetary exchange economy , with N goods ( excluding money ) there are N markets ( where each of the N goods trades for money ) , and we face N decisions .
( Benassy 's " multiple decision hypothesis " , rather than Clower 's " dual decision hypothesis " , because Clower thought in terms of only two markets : goods and labour ) .
In each market , we maximise utility , subject to the budget constraint , and subject to any quantity constraints in all the N - 1 other markets .
In a Walrasian economy , with one big market , and a unified decision , Walras ' Law is true .
The sum of the excess supplies for goods will equal the excess demand for money ( though it is hard to see what " money " could mean in such an economy " ) .
But in a monetary exchange economy , with N markets , there are N decisions , and N different definitions of the excess demand for money , each corresponding to one of those N decisions .
In each of those N markets the excess supply for that good will equal the excess demand for money in that market .
So if we add up the excess supplies of goods and excess supplies for money we will find they are equal .
But that total excess demand for money across all markets wo n't correspond to any economically meaningful concept .
It does not represent the extra amount of money that people want to hold .
Now , what 's all this got to do with monetary policy in the current recession ( if anyone 's still reading ) ?
If the problem is a deficiency of aggregate demand , then firms have an excess supply of output .
They want to sell more output at current prices but cannot .
Households have an excess supply of labour .
They want to sell more labour but cannot .
Firms ' constraint on sales affects their demand for labour , so their demand for labour is less than their notional demand .
Households ' constraint on selling labour ( plus their lower shares of firms ' profits because firms are sales - constrained ) affects their demand for output , so their demand for output is less than their notional demands .
So the output market shows an excess supply of output matched by an excess demand for money ( by firms ) .
But firms do n't want to hold that money ; they want to spend it on labour and distribute the remainder to households as profits .
And the labour market shows an excess supply of labour matched by an excess demand for money ( by households ) .
But households do n't want to hold ( all ) that money ; they want to spend ( most of ) it on output .
What 's happening in the bond market ?
Just as in any of the other N markets , bonds are bought and sold for money .
Any excess supply of bonds must be matched by an excess demand for money in that market .
But suppose the bond market is in equilibrium , either because interest rates adjust quickly , or because people are indifferent between holding additional bonds and additional money .
Then there is no excess demand for money in the bond market .
If you accept my description in the above two paragraphs , then the current recession is a monetary phenomenon .
In a barter economy , the households with an excess supply of labour could exchange their labour directly with firms who have an excess supply of output .
But in a monetary exchange economy they do not do this , for obvious reasons .
We have money , not barter , because an individual worker and firm do not have a double coincidence of wants .
Since the underlying problem is monetary in nature , fiscal policy , if successful , must be a continuation of monetary policy by other means .
It is an attempt to reduce the demand (s ) for money .
It works , if it does work , either by reducing the private demand (s ) for money ( increasing velocity ) , or because the government has a lower demand for money than the private sector , so switching demand from the private to government sector increases the average velocity of circulation .
There is an excess demand for money in the output market .
And another excess demand for money in the labour market .
But this does not mean that firms and households want to hold more money ; if they got it they would want to spend it ( or most of it ) .
So the central bank would not need to create anywhere near as much money as those excess demands for money would indicate .
It is logically conceivable that a single $ 1 would be sufficient to eliminate trillions of dollars excess supply of goods .
And the fact that the bond market is clearing ( or the fact that the one portion of the many bond markets in which central banks currently choose to operate is clearing ) tells us nothing about the excess demand (s ) for money in the rest of the economy -- in all of the other N - 1 markets .
If central banks operated in the market for pears , an equilibrium in the market for pears would mean zero excess supply or demand for money in that market , but would tell us nothing about the excess demand or supply of money in the market for apples .
Just because one market is satiated with money does not mean that the economy as a whole is satiated with money .
In a monetary exchange economy , there are as many different excess demands for money as there are goods ( excluding money ) .
If central banks " run out of ammunition " in one market , they can just switch to one of the other N - 1 markets .
And the market for very short term and very safe and very liquid bonds is a very peculiar market for central banks to be operating in anyway , just because they are so close to money .
If we used apples for money , it would be like the central bank operating in the market for pears .
At the right relative price , apples and pears might become perfect substitutes , and open market operations might become irrelevant .
Just trying to get my head back into monetary theory and policy after a 2 - week vacation .
Facebook has announced Facebook Connect for the iPhone , which enables users to take their Facebook friends , identity and privacy with them wherever they go .
Facebook announced the new capability on March 14 at the South by Southwest ( SXSW ) 2009 conference , noting that there are nine applications currently live in the iTunes app store , with more to launch in the coming days .
Developers can get started taking advantage of Facebook Platform APIs to add social context to all kinds of iPhone applications .
Facebook Connect for the iPhone provides the first live social experience for iPhone and iPod Touch applications , as users can now connect with their Facebook friends to play games - whether their friends are at home on a computer , or on their iPhone - and share restaurant reviews on the go , location - based status updates , and more .
" Who Has the Biggest Brain by Playfish Movies by FlixsteriBowl and Agency Wars by SGNUrbanspoonTap Tap Revenge 2 by TapulousWhrrl by PelagoLive Poker by ZyngaBinary Game by SayEight "
Users can go to the iTunes app store to see the first nine applications :
In a March 14 blog post , Joe Hewitt , the engineer who built Facebook for iPhone , said :
" " A few months ago , we announced Facebook Connect , an extension of Facebook Platform that makes it easy for you to bring your friends with you all over the Web .
We 're now expanding this to Apple 's revolutionary iPhone and iPod touch , making it easy to connect with your Facebook friends in your favorite applications from Apple 's App Store .
"
If you 've used Facebook Connect on the Web , this will seem pretty familiar .
You can now use Facebook Connect on your iPhone in the same way you can for a website .
Simply download any application featuring Facebook Connect and log in using your Facebook account from your iPhone .
Then , you 'll be able to easily find your Facebook friends .
They will be able to see the same profile information as they can on the site , controlled by your privacy settings .
You can also share what you 're doing with your iPhone applications with all of your Facebook friends by publishing stories back to your profile . " "
Facebook officials said several developers are working on Facebook Connect for iPhone applications that will begin to be released shortly .
" In the coming days , many more applications will be available in Apple 's App Store so keep checking back , " Hewitt said .
" If you do n't see your favorite iPhone application soon , ask the developer to implement Facebook Connect -- together we can make your application experience on the iPhone truly social . "
Meanwhile , according to Gareth Davis , another Facebook engineer who wrote a March 14 blog post , " Facebook Connect easily lets developers make their websites and desktop applications more social .
And with the explosion of iPhone apps over the last year , we want iPhone developers to reap all the benefits Facebook provides . "
Added Gareth :
" " If you develop apps for the iPhone and iPod Touch , you can now start making those apps more social .
With just a few lines of Objective - C code , your users can log in to Facebook from within your app , find their friends , then share what they do in your app back on Facebook , which opens up exciting new opportunities for your users . " "
In addition , he said that now your iPhone apps can enjoy the benefits that Facebook Connect sites and Facebook Platform apps already enjoy , including :
" * Making API calls so your app can access users ' profiles and share information on Facebook . *
Publishing to Facebook via Feed forms .*
Asking users for extended permissions , like offline access , so you can still interact with their data when they 're offline . "
Meanwhile , Limbo , one of the largest mobile social networks in the United States , today announced that Limbo for iPhone and iPod touch now features Facebook Connect for iPhone .
i Phone and iPod touch users can link their Limbo and Facebook accounts , enabling automatic status and activity updates that are shared between the two accounts .
With Facebook Connect , Limbo members can see their Facebook friends on Limbo without their friends having to be Limbo members .
They can also view the status of their friends on Limbo based on their Facebook status message , or automatically set an " On Facebook " status for members who are logged on and active on Facebook .
" Our members want a new way to share their experiences from their iPhone or iPod touch with friends who may not yet be Limbo members , " said Jonathon Linner , Limbo's CEO , in a statement .
" Now that Limbo features Facebook Connect for iPhone , they can easily share and distribute information and experiences with their friends via Facebook status updates , requests and notifications .
The location - aware emphasis of the Limbo application enables users to find and meet up with their friends to increase face time and real world experiences .
This makes it even easier to connect with friends in the real world , not just online . "
" They are very highly prized by collectors and interior designers and there might not be another one on the market for 50 years .
Feast your eyes .
Wonders Rod Dreher , “ What on earth are these Christians hearing at church ? ! ”
No doubt Hitch would snicker and mumble something sardonic about the Inquisition , but I think the results probably indicate political correlation more so than religious influence .
Evangelicals are more likely to be conservative and conservatives are more likely to support coercive interrogation , ergo evangelicals are more likely to support coercive interrogation ; atheists are more likely to be liberal and therefore less likely to support it .
In other words , the more interesting question may be not whether the Bible ’s driving Christians to torture but why Christians are ignoring the Bible when thinking politically about this issue .
Or are they ?
Here ’s what the Church ’s Catechism says about torture :
2297 Kidnapping and hostage taking bring on a reign of terror ; by means of threats they subject their victims to intolerable pressures .
They are morally wrong .
Terrorism threatens , wounds , and kills indiscriminately ; it is gravely against justice and charity .
Torture which uses physical or moral violence to extract confessions , punish the guilty , frighten opponents , or satisfy hatred is contrary to respect for the person and for human dignity .
Except when performed for strictly therapeutic medical reasons , directly intended amputations , mutilations , and sterilizations performed on innocent persons are against the moral law . [ 90 ] 2298
In times past , cruel practices were commonly used by legitimate governments to maintain law and order , often without protest from the Pastors of the Church , who themselves adopted in their own tribunals the prescriptions of Roman law concerning torture .
Regrettable as these facts are , the Church always taught the duty of clemency and mercy .
She forbade clerics to shed blood .
In recent times it has become evident that these cruel practices were neither necessary for public order , nor in conformity with the legitimate rights of the human person .
On the contrary , these practices led to ones even more degrading .
It is necessary to work for their abolition .
We must pray for the victims and their tormentors .
Strictly speaking , torturing someone to gain intelligence is n’t “ extracting a confession . ”
It ’s being done to stop an attack , which is about as pro-life as you can get .
On the other hand , it ’s hard to argue that you ’re turning the other cheek in such circumstances .
Your exit question :
Is torture “ un-Christian ” ?
Update : Another un-Christian result : Catholics support Notre Dame ’s invitation to Obama , 50 /28 .
Who removed the name Jehovah from the New Testament ?
What is the Charge ?
The Watchtower Society has produced a booklet called The Divine Name That Will Endure Forever .
In this booklet the Society levels a very serious charge that the early church removed God 's name from the New Testament .
We would like to test the Watchtower 's theory and verify the outcome of such a serious charge .
On pages 23 & 24 of the booklet the Society admits that we do not have the original manuscripts of the New Testament but we have thousands of copies of the originals .
Those who have studied the transmission of the New Testament are familiar with the fact that when an original Biblical letter from sent from the author , the church receiving the document duplicated it and sent the copies to other churches .
These churches in turn made additional copies and distributed these .
Through the years thousands of copies of the original manuscript were made and dispersed widely throughout the known world .
Keep in mind these were not translations of the Bible , but were copies of the original Greek .
What do the manuscripts show ?
Now let us consider the Watchtower 's admission on page 23 of the booklet that , " no ancient Greek manuscript that we possess today of the books from Matthew to Revelation contains God 's name in full . "
Just think of that - no copy of the original Greek manuscript contains God 's name in full !
The Watchtower 's logic says that because some editions of the Septuagint ( a Greek translation of the Old Testament Hebrew ) had replaced Jehovah 's name with God and Lord that theoretically the early church must have taken it upon themselves to remove God 's name from the original Greek New Testament .
Although the Watchtower does admit that the original copies of the Hebrew Old Testament are faithful in retaining YHWH as the name of God , their teaching allows for a group of men the power to be able to remove Jehovah 's name from every New Testament manuscript .
Was Jehovah unable to protect his name ?
How did a group of men manage to remove Jehovah 's name from all of the available manuscripts of the original Greek new testament ?
To do this they would have had to seize and change every single copy that was floating around throughout all of the known world , since the Watchtower admits that there is not a single copy of the Greek manuscripts that contain Jehovah 's full name .
These men would have had to go from door to door and confiscate every single copy of every single new testament book .
How is it that Jehovah God faithfully protected his Old Testament word throughout thousands of years when men tried to destroy it , yet was powerless to protect the new testament manuscripts from corruption for even a few hundred years ?
And if Jehovah was powerless to protect even his name , what else did these unscrupulous men remove ?
Once you admit that it is possible to tamper with all of the available manuscripts , the reliability of the new testament is shattered .
In contrast , the faithfulness of Jehovah God to protect all of his sovereign word is evident .
The faithfulness of the original Greek text can be verified by comparing copies produced at different times from different original copies and made by different copyists .
In addition Jehovah God caused so many copies of his word to remain that any human error incorporated into the text is evident by comparing the copies .
The question still remains , if Jehovah God is Sovereign over his inspired word and faithfully protected its transmission to us today , why does n't the Greek manuscripts contain God 's name ?
We will be discussing this question in part two .
Go to part two :
Why is the name Jehovah missing from the New Testament ?
A 14 - year - old teenager in Delta , B.C. , is being credited with helping police catch a burglar in the act -- and she did it without saying a word to a 911 dispatcher .
Delta Police Const .
Sharlene Brooks said Tuesday the girl called her dad after hearing someone at the door of her home last Friday night .
" Dad ultimately ends up calling us ( and ) we then make direct contact with her at the residence , " Brooks said .
She said that while the man was ransacking the house , the girl went into the master bedroom , locked the door and hid under a pile of clothes in a walk - in closet as she spoke to a 911 dispatcher on a cordless phone .
" She stays on the phone with the dispatcher and while they 're on the phone the suspect enters the room in which she 's hiding , " Brooks said .
The girl could say nothing as the burglar entered the closet , Brooks said .
She said the girl stayed calm and pressed a key on the phone twice to indicate Yes and once for No as a way to provide silent responses to questions asked by the 911 dispatcher .
" It 's a flight or fight situation that she 's in and she managed to hone in her emotions and do what she needed to do , " Brooks said .
" The operator was extremely honest with her .
She said ` I do n't want to make you afraid but that person in your house is n't your neighbour . " '
Brooks said the burglar may not have been aware of the girl in the closet because he could have been " in a heightened state of anxiety . "
Police were quickly on the scene and arrested the burglar without incident .
Brooks said that without the calm responses from the teen , the ingenuity of the dispatcher and the quick action of Delta police , the situation could have ended much differently .
Vancouver resident James Paul Perrault , 55 , has made his first court appearance and faces charges of break and enter and possession of break - in instruments .
He will be back in court on May 6 .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
J. Edgar Hoover , director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for 48 years , waged an illegal , clandestine war on domestic political activists and groups called Operation COINTELPRO .
Hoover declared the Black Panther Party the most dangerous of all and unleashed dirty tricks and illegal tactics with lethal ferocity .
In Omaha , Nebraska the two principal targets of COINTELPRO were Edward Poindexter and Mondo we Langa ( formerly David Rice ) .
Ed Poindexter was the Chairman of the local chapter known variously as the National Committee to Combat Fascism , the United Front Against Fascism , and the Nebraska Committee to Combat Fascism .
Mondo we Langa was the Minister of Information and published the group 's newsletter .
Both men were targeted for harassment and special attention after Hoover complained the Omaha FBI office was not getting results against the Panthers .
On December 10 , 1969 , Hoover ordered the Omaha FBI Special - Agent - in - Charge to " give consideration to counterintelligence measures directed against these leaders to weaken or destroy their positions . "
Hoover told Omaha FBI agents to make up a plan against the Panther leaders .
" Evaluate your approach to this program and insure that it is given the imaginative attention necessary to produce effective results . "
Heavily redacted COINTELPRO files , now archived at Political Research Associates , tell part of the Omaha story .
At least four COINTELPRO actions were planned and approved in 1970 against the Panthers .
One plan was to ambush the delivery of the Black Panther Party newspaper after it arrived at Eppley Airport aboard United Airlines Air Freight .
The FBI office was working with the airline to determine a pattern of newspaper pick - ups at the airport to ' disrupt ' delivery of the papers .
A second plan revealed in the PRA archive of confidential FBI documents was directed against Poindexter and involved sending a bogus letter to the Omaha Star and two other ' Negro publications ' .
The plan used an anonymous letter accusing Poindexter of falsely soliciting for bail money after an arrest that purportedly never happened .
Poindexter had gotten into an altercation at a hospital with authorities and ended up on the wrong end of a billy club .
The FBI said the incident was never recorded and that was the basis for one of the agents drafting a bogus letter that was sent to the newspaper .
Hoover also allowed anonymous calls to the publisher , which also occurred .
The third plan revealed in the COINTELPRO files involved another bogus letter and the Omaha World - Herald .
The FBI disruption plan was proposed to Hoover on August 15 , 1970 in a three - page memo .
The proposal was to use an article published the day before in the Omaha World - Herald to discredit Poindexter and the Panther chapter with another bogus letter sent to Black Panther Party headquarters in California .
The Omaha World - Herald article was titled ' Panthers Cut Omaha Link ' and made reference to a notice in a July issue of the Black Panther newspaper announcing the suspension of the Omaha chapter .
The redactions of FBI censors prevent a clear understanding of the sequence of events and may cover up another COINTELPRO manipulation of the World - Herald or of the Panther publication .
An anonymous phone call to the Omaha Panthers was made on August 4th which would indicate prior approval by Hoover to create a disruption .
What the August 15th COINTELPRO memo does reveal is that the Omaha FBI office wanted to send a copy of the clipping along with a bogus letter to David Hilliard , the Black Panther chief of staff .
The plan was to drive a wedge between the Omaha chapter and the national office of the party .
The FBI had an informant in the local group who reported that they had not received the Black Panther newspaper " in the last three or four weeks " and thus were not aware of the July notice about the Omaha chapter .
That information led to the anonymous call .
" It appears [ REDACTED ] misunderstood the phone call .
In a newspaper article appearing 8/14/70 , in the Omaha World Herald , a daily Omaha , Nebraska , newspaper , [ REDACTED ] states that a letter recently appeared in the BPP newspaper stating that the local NCCF was ending its affiliation with the panthers and that this letter was attributed to [ REDACTED ] and NCCF member , Raleigh House . "
The Omaha FBI office requested permission to send copies of the letter to Hilliard at the national party headquarters , to the Omaha chapter , and to affiliate chapters in Kansas City and St. Louis .
A copy of the anonymous letter is included in the PRA archive .
The letter targeted Ed Poindexter and although his name is redacted three times , the FBI censor missed one use of Poindexter 's name revealing he was the subject of the bogus letter .
The fabricated letter was addressed to Hilliard .
The letter covered the notice of expulsion and misunderstanding of the Omaha chapter 's status with the Black Panther Party .
The FBI letter also called the Omaha World - Herald newspaper " Whiteys newspaper " .
" [ Poindexter ] has been rapping to the people , that the guys in California do n't know what in the hell they are doing .
In fact [ Poindexter ] said the same thing to Whiteys newspaper the Omaha World herald .
I am sending you copies of this jive to show you who Poindexter thinks he is . "
On August 17 , 1970 , two days after the Omaha FBI office asked for Hoover 's permission to mail the letter about Poindexter and the World - Herald , a dispatcher at police headquarters received an anonymous phone call about a woman screaming in a vacant house .
Four squad cars were sent to investigate the early - morning emergency call .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
By Detector | 30 March 2009
A more than a month ago , Ardour project lose his major sponsor SAE ( SAE Institute originally the School of Audio Engineering ) but we are happy to announce that development is going strong and the 3.0 version will follow in near feature .
Development is now supported mainly by donations and everybody is invited to donate to this very important and powerful , free open source professional music software for Linux and MacOS .
Ardour is a professional digital audio workstation and you can read more about it on few DetectorPRO posts – just click here or enter Ardour on search field to list them .
This 2.8 release is mostly bugfix version ( complete list here ) that also comes with a couple of very interesting features especially Distributable VST support .
This means that there is no more need to fetch the VST SDK from Steinberg in order to build Ardour with VST support , and distributions are now free to compile and release packages of Ardour with VST support .
Other 2.8 features are :
Track / Bus Templates
VST preset handling
VST chunk handling
AudioUnit state & preset handling
new playhead - to - {next , previous} - region - boundary variant commands that ignores track selection ( on Linux , Windows - LeftArrow or Windows - RightArrow ; on OS X , Ctrl - LeftArrow or Ctrl- RightArrow )
New , thoroughly edited Spanish translation
New “ accurate ” crossfade icons
You can download and install the new Ardour 2.8 in Ubuntu with single click from getdeb .
net or use the next links :
Ubuntu 8.10
Ardour 2.8 for Ubuntu 8.10 32bit
Ardour 2.8 for Ubuntu 8.10 64bit
Ubuntu 8.04
Ardour 2.7.1 for Ubuntu 8.04 32bit
Enjoy and donate to Ardour here .
Tags | Audio , Installation , Linux , Music , Open Source , Ubuntu
When Jang Ja-yeon killed herself at her home earlier this month , she not only deprived South Korea of a wildly popular soap star .
In a damning letter naming the men responsible for the distress that may have caused her to take her life aged 26 , Jang heaped shame on the country 's entertainment industry with allegations of sexual abuse and exploitation .
In the seven - page letter , written a week before her death , the star of Boys Over Flowers , South Korea 's most avidly watched soap opera , chronicled the sexual and other favours she was expected to extend to progress in the cutthroat " Korean Wave " of TV and film .
After making her debut in a 2006 TV commercial , Jang cemented her fame as a vindictive schoolgirl in the soap , and was awaiting the release of her first two films when she died .
Almost one million fans visited her website in the 48 hours after her death , on 7 March .
Her allegations , leaked to the media , have prompted an outcry and forced the police to investigate her relationships with several powerful men .
The villain of the piece , according to South Korean reports , is her agent , Kim Sung - hoon , who is now in Japan following accusations he molested a male model .
Jang reportedly claimed Kim had regularly beaten her and forced her to have sex with a string of VIPs , including directors , media executives and CEOs .
She was also forced to serve and consume drinks and to act as an escort at golf matches , she wrote .
When police raided Kim 's office , they discovered a shower and bed in a " secret room " on the third floor .
Kim has proclaimed his innocence , contesting that the letter was part of an attempt by Jang 's former manager , Yoo Jang - ho , to ruin his business .
Jang was reportedly in Yoo 's office when she wrote the note , copies of which he passed to her family .
Yoo is now in hospital recovering from a suicide attempt .
While the police investigate , the South Korean media has finally condemned the industry for the way it treats its most marketable - and usually female - talent .
Film and TV viewers are now wondering how big a part abuse and the demands of " slave contracts " played in a spate of celebrity suicides originally put down to the pressures of fame .
Jang 's suicide , initially attributed to lingering depression over her parents ' death in a car crash 10 years ago , is one of several among South Korean entertainers over the past year .
Three weeks after Jang 's death , South Korea 's huge online community is still buzzing .
" Popseoul , " who runs a celebrity gossip blog , said the actor 's suicide was part of a " tragic trend " .
" Exploitation and abuse is the dirty secret of the entertainment industry , " she said , adding that many top celebrities , as former employees of seedy hostess clubs , were expected to continue " entertaining " producers and directors in their new careers .
" In many instances , the prospective star will meet the VIP alone , who hints at casting her , introducing her to another VIP or sponsoring her lavish lifestyle .
" It 's just hushed up .
It 's part of the process of being a star . "
A tragic end
Jang is one of seven South Korean celebrities to have killed themselves in the last six months .
Ahn Jae - hwan , a 36 - year - old actor , was reportedly mired in debt .
Choi Jin-sil ( right ) , 39 , was worried she had pressured Ahn into suicide .
Model Kim Ji-hoo , 23 , was harassed on the net after coming out .
Singer Lee Seo-hyun , 30 , was also under attack on the net over sexuality .
Actor Kim Suk - gyun , 30 , was said to have been depressed .
Transgender actor Jang Chae - won , 26 , left a suicide note online .
Lewd and Prude
We are n’t up to Part II of Cohen ’s Rescuing Justice and Equality , but I ’m going to jump the gun .
There ’s this bit about something from Amartya Sen – ‘ his celebrated Prude / Lewd example ’ – which I had never heard tell of .
I ’ll quote Cohen ’s narration of the case :
There exists a pornographic book that might be read by one or other , or neither ( but not both ) , of Prude and Lewd .
Let ’s pause to admire that sentence .
I think that is a great first sentence for a novel , or at least a Donald Barthelme story .
( But I ’m getting ahead of the story . )
Lewd has two relevant desires : he likes to read pornographic books , and he would like Prude to read one , because he thinks doing so would corrupt Prude into liking pornography .
So strong is that desire that Lewd would prefer Prude to read the book , rather than read it himself ; his desire to corrupt exceeds his desire to enjoy his own corruption .
For his part , Prude dislikes reading pornographic books , and he also dislikes Lewd reading them ; he wants no one to read them , but he prefers reading the book himself to Lewd reading it : that way , he thinks , less danger lies .
In light of the strengths of their preferences , Prude and Lewd agree that Prude ( alone ) will read the book .
That is their joint first preference , and so it is required by the Pareto principle .
Sen claims that the principle thereby endorses an illiberal result .
( p. 187 )
You can find the original Sen paper , “ The Impossibility of a Paretian Liberal ” , in Rationality in Action : Contemporary Approaches [ amazon – with some search inside ] .
I have only skimmed it , and my quick but distinct impression is that Cohen slightly mis-states the set - up .
It is n’t that the book can mysteriously only be read by one or the other ( and then it self - destructs ? )
Rather , Prude will only read it on the condition that only he read it .
Also , it seems that Sen ’s argument is really bad .
Cohen says it is bad , and others have said so , I gather .
But it seems really bad .
Basically ,
Sen seems to be taking ‘ liberalism ’ to mean , roughly , ‘ an attempt to produce a bunch of Millian poster children ’ .
Because otherwise there is n’t even any appearance of ‘ impossibility ’ .
The oddball Pareto optimal result is perfectly consistent with liberalism : everyone enjoying their freedoms to choose and make contracts and so forth .
It ’s just that this pair of prize idiots are going nowhere fast , but in Pareto optimal style .
But what really impresses me is the story itself .
It ’s timeless and speaks to all ages and sexes and classes of society .
Why has no one developed it ?
I want Lewd vs. Prude comics .
In each installment , Lewd acquires a new pornographic novel and , with child - like enthusiasm , attempts to get Prude to read it .
Meanwhile , Prude is busy trying to destroy it – burn it , dynamite it , bury it , sink it beneath the waves , send it by post to Australia .
But the efforts on both sides invariably cancel out .
In the final panel , Prude sits down to read .
Again .
We could have “ Lewd and Prude on Holiday ” , “ Lewd and Prude Go Ballooning ” , “ Lewd and Prude at Baffin Bay ” , “ Lewd and Prude in the Big City ” , “ Lewd and Prude at Sea ” , “ Lewd and Prude and the Doctor ’s Orders ” , “ Lewd and Prude at the Opera ” .
( I think comics would be best , but mere prose may , just may , be a match for such high occasions . )
It will be much better than “ Spy vs. Spy ” , because Lewd and Prude obviously have a somewhat dysfunctional , asymmetric - yet - mutual love .
It ’s like “ Krazy Kat ” , with a pornographic novel playing the role of the thrown brick .
And yet : this brick will have subtly different moral properties !
Will there be some sort of Offica Pup figure ?
Perhaps a pained , Millian liberal who can see it is all going nowhere very impressive .
But this will be Offica Pup without a jail , because – strictly – there is no inconsistency with liberalism .
( How sublime ! )
Get to work in comments !
Bonus points for involving Lewd and Prude in some sort of trolley car problem in which a pornographic novel and a vicar are tied to one track , and …
In conclusion : I am very sorry to jump the gun on discussion of Part II of Cohen ’s book , in this way , but something tells me this post might end up being something of a tangent .
Also , my copy has been recalled to the library , and I ’m not sure I am going to spring for the hardback right away , so I may soon be in the same boat with dsquared .
But I ’m trying to get my reading done early in preparation .
自分の環境とかを作るときに依存関係のみを記述したdebとかがあると気軽に環境を再構築しなおせたりして便利。equivsというパッケージを使うと依存関係のみを記述したパッケージを簡単に作れるらしい。
$ equivs - control walf443 - setup $ vi walf443 - setup # 必要なところをコメントアウトして書く。ほ
ぼPackage とDependsを書けばOK .
$ equivs - build walf443 - setup
そうすると、walf443-setup_1.0_all.debができるので、dpkg -iするなり、ローカルのaptサーバーに入れるなりする。
設定ファイルだけをリビジョン管理しておけばよいのでsvn-buildpackageとか使わなくても管理、アップデートも楽チン。
また、あとから依存関係を増やしても、各サーバーにaptitude update && aptitude install walf443 - setupするだけでよいので非常に管理も楽。
参考
http://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/apt-howto/ch-helpers.ja.html
WASHINGTON , April 25 ( Reuters ) -
An unusual new flu virus has spread widely and cannot be contained , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed on Saturday .
" It is clear that this is widespread .
And that is why we have let you know that we cannot contain the spread of this virus , " the CDC's Dr. Anne Schuchat told reporters on a conference call .
The strain of swine flu is suspected of killing as many as 68 people in Mexico and infecting more than 1,000 more , including eight in the United States .
( Reporting by Maggie Fox , editing by Patricia Zengerle )
Welcome to the only opinions I care about are my own .
I figure most people went one of two ways with the whole lockdown / isolation thing .
One lot vegetated and took the downtime as a win .
The others got to work doing stuff , tried to be heroes and stupidly gave up on having a relax .
I fell into the latter category .
Managed to get craploads of big and small projects done and it was wholly satisfying .
Everything from scrubbing mould in the bathroom to building a workspace .
It eventually got all too much and I hit the brakes to just chill a bit .
Jump to this weekend , months out of lockdown , spring on the horizon , and it was time to finally tackle one long lingering project .
We 're a two - car family .
One car gets used daily , the other might get used on a weekend .
It 's an ugly turd of a thing that costs nothing to run but is reliable and useful for carrying stuff .
The problem ?
Only one REAR speaker works .
I sound like a fucking idiot blasting Kesha from one speaker .
It 's been like that for a good 6 - 7 years ; I 've been meaning to do something about it for 6 - 7 years !
So a couple of weeks ago I swung past an audio store .
The guy told me their installers are booked solid for 2 months and sent me elsewhere .
Then that guy quoted me $ 400 for a head unit because " that 's always the problem with those cars , bro .
I 've seen it a fukn ' million times " plus another $ 100 for the wiring harness .
$ 500 is probs quarter of the cars value .
Also you can buy the same head unit online for $ 100 and harness for $ 12 .
Big markup but hey , meth is expensive .
I decided to do some testing myself with the help of a mate .
We pretty quickly debunked the faulty head unit theory and confirmed the speakers were fucked .
Then I remembered I still have all the speakers from like 4 cars ago - had one of those full retard systems you could hear from the moon and removed it all before selling so I could put it in the next car .
Of course it never happened .
Annnyway , dug through my storage , found the speakers and spent half a day swapping them in .
And then ... sound ... but not just sound ... SURROUND sound .
Amazing .
And one of , if not THE , most satisfying project I 've tackled all year .
Alright dudes - time to update .
Have somehow managed to squeeze a lil downtime this week .
Was n't without sacrifice but do feel happier for it .
And is weirdly the case , the update comes out better than if I were here all along .
Work that one out .
Check it ...
There were three guys named Jackson who were all in the clothing business .
Due to lack of real estate options in their city , they all set up shop next door to each other .
In order to convince customers to come to their store rather than one of the other Jacksons , they all put up signs to attract customers .
The one on the left puts up a sign that says " JACKSON'S CLOTHING STORE .
BEST PRICES ! "
Not to be outdone , the one on the right puts up a sign that says " Jackson 's clothing store .
Best quality ! "
The one in the middle thinks about it for a while and eventually puts up a sign of his own .
" JACKSON'S CLOTHING STORE .
MAIN ENTRANCE ! "
--
Two brothers enlisting in the Army were getting their physicals .
During the inspection , the doctor was surprised to discover that both of them possessed incredibly long , oversized penises .
" How do you account for this ? " he asked the brothers .
" It 's hereditary , sir " the older one replied .
" I see " said the doctor , writing in his file .
" Your father 's the reason for your elongated penises ? "
" No sir , our mother " .
" Your mother ?
You idiot , women do not have penises ! "
" I know , sir " replied the recruit " but she only had one arm , and when it came to getting us out of the bathtub , she had to manage as best she could ! "
--
An Italian , a Frenchman and an Aussie were talking about screams of passion .
The Italian said " Last night I massaged my wife all over her body with the finest extra virgin olive oil , then we made passionate love and I made her scream , nonstop for five minutes " .
The Frenchman said : " Last night I massaged my wife all over her body with special aphrodisiac oil from Provence and then we made passionate love .
I made her scream for fifteen minutes straight " .
The Aussie said " That 's nothing !
Last night I massaged my wife , ya know , all over her body with a special butter .
I caressed her entire body with the butter , and then made love and I made her scream for two long hours " .
The Italian and Frenchman , are astonished , and asked " Two full hours ?
Wow ! that 's unbelievable .
How did you do it to make her scream for two hours ? "
The Aussie replied " I wiped my hands on the curtains " .
--
A man is in a hotel lobby .
He wants to ask the clerk a question .
As he turns to go to the front desk , he accidentally bumps into a woman beside him and as he does , his elbow goes into her breast .
They are both startled and he says " Ma'am , if your heart is as soft as your breast , I know you 'll forgive me " .
She replies " if your penis is as hard as your elbow , I 'm in room 1221 " .
--
A man went to the police station wishing to speak with the burglar who had broken into his house the night before .
" You 'll get your chance in court " said the Desk Sergeant .
" No , no no ! " said the man .
" I want to know how he got into the house without waking my wife .
I 've been trying to do that for years ! "
--
A new , fast , sex - change procedure was unveiled recently at a medical conference .
Finally , there is a rapid new method to simply attach a penis to a woman who wishes to become a man .
Delegates deliberated for hours trying to figure out what to call this new breakthrough .
They sat discussing : " Well , when a man has his ducts tied , it 's a vasectomy , when a women gets sorted out down there it's called a hysterectomy , giving a man a woman 's organ is called a vaginoplasty ... etc " .
And , so they went on .
Until one guy said : " I know , why do n't we call it the strapacocktomy ? "
--
A man walks into Victoria 's Secret to purchase some see - through lingerie for his wife .
He is shown several possibilities that range from $ 50 to $ 150 in price , the more see - through , the higher the price .
He opts for the sheerest item , pays the $ 150 and takes the lingerie home .
He presents it to his wife and asks her to go upstairs put it on and model it for him .
Upstairs the wife thinks ' I have an idea ' .
It 's so see - through that it might as well be nothing .
I wo n't put it on - do the modelling naked return it tomorrow and get a $ 150 refund and keep the money for myself ' .
So , she appears naked at the top of the stairs and strikes a pose .
The husband says " My god , it was n't that creased in the shop " .
His funeral is this Thursday .
--
Just buried my wife today after she died about a month ago .
Whilst at the funeral , the undertaker pulled me one side and asked me why it had taken me so long to bury my wife after being dead for a whole month .
I said I had n't even noticed she had died at first .
Shocked and surprised he asked me " Why 's that ? "
To which I replied " Well the sex was still pretty much the same , but after a month I noticed the dishes and washing started piling up " .
I just explained Google images to my mum .
" Pick anything to search for " I said .
She replied " What about a nice cream pie ? " " Except that " I said .
--
A man has n't been feeling well , so he goes to his doctor for a complete checkup .
Afterward the doctor comes out with the results .
" I 'm afraid I have some very bad news " the doctor says .
" You 're dying , and you do n't have much time left " .
" Oh , that 's terrible ! " says the man .
" How long have I got ? " " Ten " the doctor says sadly .
" Ten ? " the man asks .
" Ten what ?
Months ?
Weeks ?
What ? " " Nine ... "
--
A man walked into the doctor 's office .
He had a carrot in one ear , a stalk of celery in his other ear and a grape in each nostril .
He asks the doctor " Doctor , what 's wrong with me ? "
The doctor looks at the guy and says " Well , you 're not eating properly " .
--
You never realise how anti-social you are until there 's a pandemic and your life really does n't change that much .
ORSM VIDEO
Every morning , the CEO of a large bank in Manhattan walks to the corner where a shoe shine is always located .
He sits on the couch , examines the Wall Street Journal , and the shoe shine gives his shoes a shiny , excellent look .
One morning the shoeshine asks the Executive Director " What do you think about the situation in the stock market ? "
The Director asks in turn arrogantly " Why are you so interested in that ...? "
" I have a million dollars in your bank " the shoeshine says " and I 'm considering investing some of the money in the capital market " .
" What your name ? " asks the Director .
" John Smith H. " he says .
The Director arrives at the bank and asks the Manager of the Customer Department " Do we have a client named John Smith H. ? " " Certainly " answers the Customer Service Manager " he is a highly esteemed customer .
He has a million dollars in his account " .
The Director comes out , approaches the shoeshine , and says " Mr. Smith , I ask you this coming Monday to be the guest of honour at our board meeting and tell us the story of your life .
I am sure we will have something to learn from you " .
At the board meeting , the Executive Director introduces him to the board members .
" We all know Mr. Smith , who makes our shoes shine in the corner ; but Mr. Smith is also our esteemed customer with a million dollars in his account .
I invited him to tell us the story of his life .
I am sure we can learn from him " .
Mr. Smith began his story " I came to this country fifty - years ago as a young immigrant from Europe with an unpronounceable name .
I got off the ship without a penny .
The first thing I did was change my name to Smith .
I was hungry and exhausted .
I started wandering around looking for a job but to no avail .
Suddenly I found a coin on the sidewalk .
I bought an apple .
I had two options : eat the apple and quench my hunger or start a business .
I sold the apple for two dollars and bought two apples with the money .
I also sold them and continued in business .
When I started accumulating dollars , I was able to buy a set of used brushes and shoe polish and started polishing shoes .
I did n't spend a penny on entertainment or clothing , I just bought bread and some cheese to survive .
I saved penny by penny and after a while , I bought a new set of shoe brushes and ointments in different shades and expanded my clientele .
I lived like a monk and saved penny by penny .
After a while I was able to buy an armchair so that my clients could sit comfortably while cleaning their shoes , and that brought me more clients .
I did not spend a penny on the joys of life .
I kept saving every penny .
A few years ago , when the previous shoe shine on the corner decided to retire , I had already saved enough money to buy his shoeshine location at this great place " .
" Then finally , three months ago , my sister , who was a whore in Chicago , passed away and left me a million dollars " .
POOLS - ACTUALLY A PRETTY GREAT PLACE TO EXPOSE YOURSELF ...
WHODATHUNKIT !?
Click for Gallery >>
Previously on Orsm : POOL TIME # 5 - POOL TIME # 4 - POOL TIME # 3 - POOL TIME # 2 - POOL TIME # 1 - MORE >>
ORSM VIDEO
Fred and Ray go to the liquor store to buy a cheap bottle of booze .
Once in the store , they discover that they only have $ 1.50 between the two of them .
Ray says " I 've got an idea " and goes next door to the butcher shop and comes back with a polish sausage .
" here Fred , stick this in your pants , I know how we can drink all night for free " .
" What the hell , Ray ?
Now we do n't have any money ! " .
" Do n't worry , we 'll go to the bar , order some drinks and when the bartender asks us to pay the tab , you stand up , unzip your fly , pull out the sausage and I 'll start sucking on it " .
The two blokes walk to the nearest bar , sit down and order two beers and two shots of whiskey .
They down the drinks and order another round , drink those and order another .
After the third round the bartender asks them to pay up .
With that , Fred stands up , unzips his fly and Ray leaned over and proceeded to suck sausage .
" What the fuck are you doing ?
Get the hell out of my bar ! " says the bartender , the two run out laughing .
" That was great , and it did n't cost us a cent " says Fred .
" Let 's do it again ! "
So off they run to another bar for a repeat performance .
This continues through the night .
At the end of the night , after about the 12th bar , Ray says " Man , I 'm starving .
All that beer made me hungry .
Hey , pull out that sausage and let 's eat it " .
" Sausage ? " says Fred " I ate it four bars ago ! "
WAIT WAIT WAIT ...
HERE'S SOME BABES IN DRESSING GOWNS 👍 Click for Gallery >>
Bob , a young journalism graduate from Tennessee , had gone to work for the New York Times .
His first assignment was to write a brief human - interest story .
An idea came to Bob and he returned to one of the most remote areas he knew of in his home state of Arkansas .
Deep in the woods , Bob came upon a farmer 's house and decided this would be a good place to start .
He introduced himself to the back - country farmer and explained why he was there .
The farmer , named Farmer Dick , agreed to answer his questions .
Bob asked Farmer Dick what event in his life had made him the happiest ?
Farmer Dick replied
" One time a neighbour lost one of his sheep .
We all formed a posse and found it .
After we all had sex with it , we took it back to the farmer that lost it " .
" I can't print that " said Bob , the reporter .
" Is there another event that made you really happy ? "
Farmer
Dick thought for a minute and said " Yep .
One time the daughter of another local farmer got lost .
She was a good - lookin ' young girl .
We all formed a posse and found her .
After all of us had sex with her , we took her back to her daddy " .
Again , Bob knew he could n't print the story and decided to take a different tack .
He asked Farmer Dick " Is there any event in your life that has made you really sad ? "
Farmer
Dick hung his head and replied " Well , I got lost once ... "
ORSM VIDEO
IT'S PROBABLY THE BEST THING TO EVER HAPPEN TO ONLINE PORN .
SERIOUSLY .
EVER .
HERE'S WHY YOU'LL CARE
Cinderella was now 75 - years - old .
After a fulfilling life with the now departed Prince , she sat happily in her rocking chair watching the world go by with her cat Alan .
One afternoon , out of nowhere , appeared her Fairy Godmother .
Cinderella said " Fairy Godmother , what are you doing here after all these years ? "
The Fairy Godmother replied " Well Cinderella since you have lived a good wholesome life since we last met , I have decided to grant you three wishes .
Is there anything for which your heart still yearns ? "
Cinderella was overjoyed .
" I wish I was extremely wealthy " she said .
Instantly , her rocking chair turned into solid gold .
Alan , her cat , jumped off her lap and ran to the edge of the porch quivering with fear .
" Oh thank you Fairy Godmother " said Cinderella .
" Is there anything else you might wish for " asked the Fairy Godmother .
Cinderella looked down at her frail body , and said " I wish I was young and full of the beauty I once had " .
At once , her wish was granted .
Cinderella felt feeling inside her that she had not felt for years .
The Fairy Godmother said " You have one wish remaining , what shall you have ? "
Cinderella looked at her frightened cat in the corner and said " I wish for you to turn Alan , my old cat , into a handsome young man " .
Magically , Alan suddenly underwent a change and then before them stood a young man with the looks and body that no other man could match .
The Fairy Godmother again spoke " Congratulations Cinderella .
Enjoy your new life " and with that , she was gone .
For a few eerie moments , Cinderella and Alan looked into each other 's eyes .
Cinderella sat breathless , gazing at the most stunning , perfect man she had ever seen .
Then Alan walked over to Cinderella and held her close in his muscular arms .
He leant in close to her ear and whispered in a warm breath " Bet you regret having my balls chopped off now , do n't you ? "
GIRLS IN THE KITCHEN previously on Orsm : # 12 - # 11 - # 10 - # 9 - # 8 - # 7 - # 6 - # 5 - # 4 - # 3 - # 2 - # 1 - MORE >>
ACCORDING TO WIKIPEDIA : MyFreeCams.com is a website providing live webcam performances by models , typically featuring nudity and sexual activity often ranging from striptease and dirty talk to masturbation with sex toys .
If it 's on Wiki then it is FACT ! ... Soooo WTF are you waiting for !?
Click here !
ORSM VIDEO
A guy is strolling down the street in London where he comes across an old lamp .
He picks it up , rubs it vigorously , and out pops a genie .
The genie offers to grant him one wish , to which the guy replies I 've always wanted to be lucky " .
The genie grants his wish .
So off the bloke strolls , wondering how this will change his life , when he spies $ 10 on the footpath .
Not a bad start he thinks .
As he picks it up , he notices a betting shop across the road .
He strolls over , looks through the racing lists , and sees a horse named Lucky Lad at 100/1 in the 4th at Ascot .
He puts the $ 10 on the horse , and what do you know , the horse bolts in .
Feeling on a bit of a roll , he heads to the local illegal casino , fronts up at the roulette table and puts the whole $ 1010 on " Lucky seven " .
Round and round the wheel spins , and " bang ! " on Lucky Seven .
Now he 's really flying ... what better way to celebrate than to head to the local brothel for a bit of horizontal folk dancing .
He knocks and enters , when all of a sudden , he is showered with streamers and handed a glass of champagne .
The madam of the establishment puts her arm around him and says " Welcome sir !
We have much pleasure in informing you that you are our lucky 1,000th customer , and you have won the right to enjoy the pleasures on offer from any girl who works here , absolutely free of charge " .
The bloke says that he 's always fancied making it with an Indian girl ... so he 's ushered into one of the rooms when in strolls the most gorgeous sub-continental beauty he has ever seen .
Not much time passes before clothing is strewn around the room and the Karma Sutra is being well and truly tested .
At one point the guy pauses and says to the girl " You are one of the most beautiful women I 've ever seen in my life .
I can't believe how lucky I am .
But there is one thing I do n't really like about Indian women .
I do n't like that red spot that you all have on your forehead " .
The Indian girl looks him in the eye and says " Sir , I am here to please you and succumb to your every desire .
If you wish to see it gone , then please scratch off my caste mark " .
So the bloke goes at it with his fingernail .
All of a sudden he leans back and starts laughing his ass off .
" What 's wrong , what 's wrong ? " asks the Indian girl .
To which the bloke replies " You 're never going to believe this , but I 've just won a car ! "
ALRIGHT LADIES LETS GET THOSE TONGUES * OUT * Click for Gallery >>
Previously on Orsm : TONGUE OUT - MORE >>
A man is walking his dog , a Rottweiler , through the forest on a hot summer 's day when he comes to a clearing .
In the clearing there 's a natural pond so he sits by the water , just enjoying the view and the peace , his dog lying by his side .
He hears a noise and turns round to see another dog , a Golden Retriever , coming through the trees , followed by the most beautiful blonde woman he 's ever seen .
The women smiles and sits next to him , seemingly also enjoying the view and the peace .
After a while she points at their two dogs lapping at the water and she smiles and says " They 've got the right idea " .
She takes a couple of cans of beer from her backpack and passes one to him .
They sit there in silence for a bit longer , sipping their cold beers .
Then the woman points at their two dogs , now swimming in the pond , and she smiles and says " They 've got the right idea " .
She strips down to her underwear and slips into the water .
The man quickly strips to his underpants and dives into the water , which is cold and refreshing .
After a few minutes of splashing and swimming , the woman again points to their two dogs , now on the grassy bank by the water , fucking vigorously , and she says " They 've got the right idea " .
She languidly climbs out of the water , slips out of her underwear and lays on the grass , waiting .
He can't contain his excitement , so he too climbs from the water , removes his underpants and lays next to the woman , turns to her and says " Are you sure your dog wo n't mind ? "
ORSM VIDEO
Two guys were working at the airport , when a foreigner walked up to them .
He asked them in Spanish , where the luggage pick up was .
Neither could understand him , so they raised their hands and shook their heads that they do n't understand ...
He asked again , in German .
Again , the two workers did not understand him .
He tried in Polish and then again in French , but both times , the employees could n't understand him .
He walked away trying to find someone else who could help him .
One guy turned to the other guy and said " You know , maybe we should learn a second language " .
" Why would you want to do that ? " replied the other guy .
" It would help out in situations like the one we just had " .
" What good would knowing a second language be ?
That guy knew 4 and it did n't help him any " .
LARGE AREOLA'D GIRLS DON'T GET ALL THE GLORY Click for Gallery >>
Chicks with SMALL AREOLAS previously on Orsm : # 6 - # 5 - # 4 - # 3 - # 2 - # 1 - MORE >>
A man and his wife are discussing what they think their son will be when he grows up .
" I have an idea ! " says the father .
He puts a ten - dollar bill , a bottle of whiskey and a bible on the coffee table ...
" If he takes the money , he 'll be a banker .
If he takes the whiskey , he 'll be a wino and if he takes the bible , that means he 'll be a preacher " .
So the man and his wife hide just before their son comes in the door , and watch from where they 're hiding .
The boy saunters over to the coffee table .
He picks up the ten - dollar bill , looks at it , then sets it down .
He picks up the bottle of whiskey , uncorks it , sniffs it , then sets it down .
He picks up the bible , leafs through it , and sets it down .
Then the boy takes the money and stuffs it into his pocket , grabs the whiskey and walks off with the bible under his arm .
" Well , how do you like that ! " exclaims the father .
" He 's going to be a politician ! "
RANDOM SHITE
Previously : 17th Sep. - 10th Sep. - 3rd Sep. - 27th Aug. - 20th Aug. - 13th Aug. - 6th Aug. - 30th Jul. - MORE >>
PICTURE THIS : YOU GO TO A WEBSITE .
HOOK UP WITH AN ACTUAL REAL GIRL .
GET A BILL FOR $ 0 .
HERE'S HOW
A man is stopped by an old woman who was holding out seeds and says " Take these seeds and you will be on your way to success " .
The man takes the seeds and plants them , going to sleep and waking up the next day to find the seeds have sprouted into a gigantic tree .
A booming voice rings out from above him : " Climb this tree to success ! "
The man does so , climbing into the tree and climbing up , he finds a clear patch on a thick flat branch and sees an old man , the old man says " I know success well and I can teach you a lot , but continue to climb and you will learn success yourself " .
The man agrees and climbs higher , climbing up until he sees that the limbs were turning gold and leaves were becoming jewels , coming to another landing to see piles of gold coins .
The man thinks there must be more if he continues so he continues climbing and comes to the third landing , a beautiful woman was standing there , dazzling in the light of the sun .
" I am the embodiment of your fantasies , I 'll do anything you request , but if you wish , you can continue climbing to the top to success " .
The man , a buzzing question , what could be at the top , raced through his mind , so he continues to climb .
At the very top was the final clearing , the old man from before standing before him .
The man turns around with a big grin under his bushy beard and says .
" Hello , I'm Cess " .
ORSM VIDEO
A Welsh man buys several sheep , hoping to breed them for wool .
After several weeks , he notices that none of the sheep are getting pregnant , and phones a vet for help .
The vet tells him that he should try artificial insemination .
The farmer does n't have the slightest idea what this means but , not wanting to display his ignorance , only asks the vet how he will know when the sheep are pregnant .
The vet tells him that they will stop standing around and instead will lie down and wallow in grass when they are pregnant .
The man hangs up and gives it some thought .
He comes to the conclusion that artificial insemination means he has to impregnate the sheep himself .
So , he loads the sheep into his Land Rover , drives them out into the woods , has sex with them all , brings them back , and goes to bed .
Next morning , he wakes and looks out at the sheep .
Seeing that they are all still standing around , he deduces that the first try did n't take , and loads them in the Land Rover again .
He drives them out to the woods , bangs each sheep twice for good measure , brings them back , and goes to bed exhausted .
Next morning , he wakes to find the sheep still just standing round .
" Try again " he tells himself , and proceeds to load them up , and drive them out to the woods .
He spends all day banging the sheep and upon returning home , falls listlessly into bed .
The next morning , he cannot even raise himself from the bed to look out of the window .
He asks his wife to look , and tell him if the sheep are lying in the grass .
" No " she says " they 're all in the frickin ' Land Rover and one of them is beeping the horn " ...
Previously : ROXANNE RAE - BROOKE BELLE - LEXI BELLE - ADRIANA DEVILLE - NICI DEE - AMY SPEARS - MORE >>
CHECK OUT THIS FUCK OF THE CENTURY ON PORNHUB :
An attorney arrived home late , after a very tough day trying to get a stay of execution .
His last - minute plea for clemency to the governor had failed and he was feeling worn out and depressed .
As soon as he walked through the door at home , his wife started on him about , ' What time of night to be getting home is this ?
Where have you been ?
Dinner is cold and I 'm not reheating it ' .
And on and on and on .
Too shattered to play his usual role in this familiar ritual , he poured himself a shot of whiskey and headed off for a long hot soak in the bathtub , pursued by the predictable sarcastic remarks as he dragged himself up the stairs .
While he was in the bath , the phone rang .
The wife answered and was told that her husband 's client , James Wright , had been granted a stay of execution after all .
Wright would not be hanged tonight .
Finally realising what a terrible day he must have had , she decided to go upstairs and give him the good news .
As she opened the bathroom door , she was greeted by the sight of her husband , bent over naked , drying his legs and feet .
" They 're not hanging Wright tonight " she said .
He whirled around and screamed " FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WOMAN ! DON'T YOU EVER STOP !? "
ORSM VIDEO
Well blokes , chicks and children that 's the last update for September fucking done .
- Follow me on Facebook .
All Some of the SFW stuff you see on Orsm flows there ; timer permitting of course .
- Check out the archives .
Imagine if Wikipedia and porn had a baby and that would perhaps in some ways indicate just how aweome and huge the archives are .
- Next update will be next Thursday .
Coming to you liiiiiive ...
- Tell your friends , family , colleagues , co-workers and neighbours to check out ORSM - DOT - NET otherwise my friend Ray will use his senior position in QAnon to destroy your life .
- Need to clear your conscience ?
Judge me ?
Want to fight me ?
Threaten me ?
Sit on my lap and talk about the first thing that pops up ?
Show me the twins ?
Then go for it !
Just make sure you email me here !
Until next time be good , stay off the chems and shhh did you hear that ......?
Enjoy .
Mr. Orsm .
On Wednesday night , Steve and I headed down to a Hollywood location that is near and dear to us and our history .
In February of 1989 , we went on our first date to the Hollywood Palladium to see The Primitives and The Sugarcubes rock the house .
Bjork sang / screamed so passionately that night that Einar had to finish the set because she lost her voice .
It was an amazing night because of the music , of course ; but more importantly , because it was the start of our relationship .
As we stood there waiting for the band Menomena to come out on stage ( who opened for Bloc Party ) , we talked about the first time we were there together and that it had been ( * gasp * ) twenty years from the time of our Sugarcubes show .
In the last six months , we have been to the newly remodeled Palladium for three shows .
We took the kids to see Rise Against in November , just days before the 2008 Election ( watch this video that I shot for an inspiring and emotional performance where Tim talks about the importance of the election ) ; and again on November , 20 , 2008 , to see The Sounds , a band from Sweden that we all love , put on a brilliantly upbeat show .
The events giant , Live Nation , entered into a long - term lease agreement in 2007 to operate , manage , and book the Palladium .
They did a beautiful job of renovating the venue , which had become quite run down over the many decades it was in use .
They completed a total overhaul of the interior and exterior and the grand re-opening was on October , 15 , 2008 .
It was very exciting to hear that this location that owned a special part of our heart was opening again and the first time we experienced the new - and - improved P - dum , we were pleasantly surprised that they had upgraded in the right places , while leaving the retro aesthetics in tact .
The Hollywood Palladium originally opened on September 23 , 1940 with a concert by the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra , which featured the soon - to - be - famous , Frank Sinatra .
The venue has hosted many awards shows , such as the Emmy Awards , The Grammy Awards , The NAACP Awards and Country Music Awards .
Here are some photos of our fun evening and one of the seven videos I filmed of Bloc Party performing that night .
If you are a BP fan , check out my other youtube videos here .
Fuelman sign at the gas station we stopped @ on the way home
MOSCOW
THEY are larger - than - life figures at home and abroad , men who saw themselves as the Carnegies or Rockefellers of Russia .
They are known as oligarchs , and they may soon be thrown into the dustbin of history by the economic crisis .
Brash , young and wealthy , those insiders of post - Soviet business who escaped nationalization  to say nothing of exile or prison  under Vladimir V. Putin went on to make ever greater fortunes in the commodity boom of recent years .
But few businessmen anywhere have fallen as hard or as fast in recent months .
Many of Russia ’s richest men were highly leveraged going into the financial crisis and were unable to roll over loans from Western banks .
The Kremlin bailed them out with short - term credits last year , not wanting the assets to fall into foreign hands .
Those state loans will be coming due by the end of the year , on top of additional foreign loans .
The mountain of debt is so huge  the Central Bank calculates that corporations and banks in Russia must repay $ 128 billion this year alone  that many oligarchs will be unable to repay the loans , bankers say .
Only a fraction of this debt , about $ 7 billion , is corporate bonds .
The rest is bank loans to companies predominantly owned by the oligarchs or the state .
RIGHT now my kitchen is teeming with bacteria , and I ’m doing everything I can to make them feel at home .
They ’re lactic acid bacteria , the ones that ferment milk into yogurt and buttermilk , cream into crème fraîche .
I ’ve been making all of these , as well as milk thickened with reputedly beneficial “ probiotic ” lactic acid bacteria .
And getting to know viili , a Finnish fermented milk that reminds me of the Japanese soy product natto .
It ’s slithery .
I ’ve made my own yogurt nearly every week for more than 10 years , beginning with a starter given to me by a friend from yogurt - loving India , and using the last spoonfuls of one batch to make the next .
It ’s a satisfying ritual of continuity and caretaking .
And the yogurt is less expensive and better than anything I can buy .
It ’s free of stabilizers , sweeteners and waterlogged fruit , and it ’s fresh tasting and tart , not sour .
I start every day with a bowl of it .
Even if cultured dairy products are n’t part of your daily regimen , they ’re worth making once in a while just to know how good they can be , and to experience the everyday miracle of fermentation .
You stir a little starter into warm milk or cream , let it sit , and in a few hours the bacteria have multiplied a hundredfold and created a tart , aromatic , thickened mass , with many billions of bacteria in every spoonful .
A growing number of studies have found that some lactic acid bacteria do seem to offer health benefits , supporting the lore of traditional dairying cultures .
The lactic acid bacteria are a group of microbes that share the ability to convert sugars into lactic acid , which suppresses the growth of their competitors .
The lactic acid also causes the proteins and fat globules in milk to cluster into a continuous solid network , with the milk ’s water trapped in its pores .
The note stayed hidden for more than 60 years Builders working near the site of the Auschwitz - Birkenau death camp have found a message in a bottle written by prisoners , museum officials say .
The message , written in pencil and dated 9 September 1944 , bears names , camp numbers and home towns of seven young inmates from Poland and France .
At least two survived the Nazi camp , an Auschwitz museum official said .
The bottle was buried in a concrete wall in a school that prisoners had been compelled to reinforce .
The school 's buildings , a few hundred metres from the camp , were used as warehouses by the Nazis , who wanted them protected against air raids .
The authors of the note " were young people who were trying to leave some trace of their existence behind them " , said museum spokesman Jarek Mensfelt .
The authenticity of the message has been checked by the museum .
" All of them are between the ages of 18 and 20 , " the final sentence of the note reads .
Alive and well Six of the prisoners were from Poland and one was from France .
The note gives the names as : Bronislaw Jankowiak , Stanislaw Dubla , Jan Jasik , Waclaw Sobczak , Karol Czekalski , Waldemar Bialobrzeski and Albert Veissid .
Of the seven , Mr Veissid is alive and well , the BBC has established , having spoken to him on the phone at his home in France .
Builders found the bottle when they where removing a layer of old cement Mr Mensfelt said Karol Czekalski and Wachaw Sobczak had definitely survived the camp .
He is at present trying to find out whether they are still alive today .
" Mr Czekalski kept in touch with the museum until some time in the 60s , then we lost contact with him , " he said .
" His whole family was killed in Auschwitz . "
Nothing is known about the fate of the other four men who signed the note .
" Maybe they were transferred to another camp , " said Mr Mensfelt , " or maybe they died . "
The Nazis murdered some 1.1 million people at Auschwitz - mainly European Jews , but also non-Jewish Poles , Roma ( Gypsies ) , homosexuals and others .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hiding Money and Valuables at Home : Tips and Tricks
I remember my grandmother used to keep three $ 100 bills in an envelope , and she ’d put three marks on the outside , and keep it in a drawer .
I never was convinced that was the best way to hide money in your house .
But what are the best strategies for hiding valuables in your house , to keep them burglar - safe ?
Over at Personal Finance Advice.com , there was an article some months back about the best place to hide money , based on a conversation with a burglar .
The article had a few tips I would n’t have thought of :
1. Burglars want to get out ASAP , but they ’ll generally keep looking till they find something , so the most ingenious hiding place could also result in more of your house being torn up .
The burglar suggested hiding your real valuables and cash in a good place , but leaving somewhere more obvious , like in a drawer , $ 100 - $ 300 , so that the burglar gets enough to convince them that ’s probably about all there is , and it ’s enough to leave feeling like they ’ve had not too bad of a haul .
2. Leave in an obvious drawer a fake list of Safety Deposit Box items  that includes things like cash , jewelry , deeds , etc. make it appear there is n’t much left that could be in the house .
3 . Do n’t hide cash inside things that are themselves valuable .
The burglar once robbed a house , and found no cash but did take an old stereo .
The stereo did n’t work - and a look inside showed why not - it had a big wad of cash stuffed inside it .
Another blog with some tips about where to hide cash at home is Thesimpledollar.com .
They offer some good suggestions , including :
In an envelope taped to the bottom of a kitchen shelf
In a watertight plastic bottle or jar in the tank on the back of your toilet
In an envelope at the bottom of your child ’s toybox
In a plastic baggie in the freezer Inside of an old sock in the bottom of your sock drawer
In an empty aspirin bottle in the bathroom ( bundled up with a rubber band around it )
In the pocket of a particular shirt in your closet
In a “ random ”  folder in your filing cabinet
In an envelope taped to the bottom of your cat ’s litter box
In an envelope taped to the back of a wall decoration
The burglar from the first blog might well disagree with at least one of the recommendations above : inside a DVD case .
Burglars might grab that case , especially if it ’s a movie they like .
If you do decide to keep some cash hidden at home , two common tendencies are 1 . to keep using it , and not getting around to replace it for a while , and 2 . to completely forget about it .
So you might want to have a note on the fridge that says $ 1000 cash is hidden in toilet .
Or maybe take a trick from my grandmother and have the note say III toilet .
Happy hiding .
Some Other Articles You May Enjoy
Watching Dick Cheney defend the Bush administration ’s interrogation policies , it ’s been hard to escape the impression that both the Republican Party and the country would be better off today if Cheney , rather than John McCain , had been a candidate for president in 2008 .
Certainly Cheney himself seems to feel that way .
Last week ’s Sean Hannity interview , all anti-Obama jabs and roundhouses , was the latest installment in the vice president ’s unexpected  and , to Republican politicians , distinctly unwelcome  transformation from election - season wallflower into high - profile spokesman for the conservative opposition .
George W. Bush seems happy to be back in civilian life , but Cheney has taken the fight to the Obama White House like a man who would n’t have minded campaigning for a third Bush - Cheney term .
Imagine for a moment that he ’d had that chance .
Imagine that he ’d damned the poll numbers , broken his oft - repeated pledge that he had no presidential ambitions of his own , and shouldered his way into the race .
Imagine that Republican primary voters , more favorably disposed than most Americans to Cheney and the administration he served , had rewarded him with the nomination .
At the very least , a Cheney - Obama contest would have clarified conservatism ’s present political predicament .
In the wake of two straight drubbings at the polls , much of the American right has comforted itself with the idea that conservatives lost the country primarily because the Bush - era Republican Party spent too much money on social programs .
And John McCain ’s defeat has been taken as the vindication of this premise .
The Explorer
The Adventures of a Pythonista in Schemeland/20
by Michele Simionato
April 27 , 2009
Summary
One of the trickiest things about Scheme is the distinction between the interpreter semantics which is typically ( but not always ) used at the REPL and compiler semantics which is typically ( but not always ) used in scripts .
Advertisement
The compilation and evaluation strategy of Scheme programs
One of the trickiest aspects of Scheme , coming from Python , is its distinction between interpreter semantics and compiler semantics .
The problem is that the same program can be executed both with interpreter semantics ( typically when typed at the REPL ) and with compiler semantics ( typically when run as a script ) , but the way the program behaves is different .
Moreover , there are programs which are valid at the REPL but are rejected by the compiler .
To make things worse , the interpreter semantics is unspecified by the R6RS report , whereas the compiler semantics is loosely specified , so that there are at least three different and incompatible semantics about how programs are compiled and libraries are imported : the Ikarus / Ypsilon / IronScheme / MoshScheme one , the Larceny one and the PLT one .
In other words , there is no hope of making programs with the interpreter semantics portable ; moreover , there also plenty of programs with compiler semantics which are not portable .
Fortunately the module system works well enough for most simple cases .
The proof is that we introduced the R6RS module system in episode 5 , and for 15 episode we could go on safely by just using the basic import / export syntax .
However , once nontrivial macros enters in the game , things are not easy anymore .
Interpreter semantics vs compiler semantics
First of all , let me clarify what I do mean by interpreter semantics and compiler semantics , terms which have nothing to do with being an interpreted or compiled language , since both Scheme interpreters and Scheme compilers exhibit both semantics .
Compiler semantics means that a program has ( at least ) two phases , the run-time phase and the expand - time phase , and some parts of the programs are executed at expand - time and some other parts of the program are executed at run-time .
Scheme has a generic concept of macro expansion time which is valid even for interpreted implementation when there is no compilation time .
Interpreter semantics means that a program is fully evaluated at runtime , with no distinction between phases ( for pure interpreters ) or with interleaved expansion and evaluation phases ( for incremental compilers ) .
For instance Ikarus and Ypsilon work as incremental compilers at the REPL ( I consider this as interpreter semantics , by stretching the terminology ) and as batch compilers for scripts ( for Ypsilon this is true only when the R6RS compatibility flag is set ) .
Python works as an incremental compiler at the REPL ( each time you enter a function in the REPL it is compiled to bytecode , and you can extract the bytecode by looking at .func_code attribute ) and as batch compiler for scripts .
Conceptually , in Python everything happens at runtime , including bytecode compilation .
While technically bytecode compilation is cached , conceptually you may very well think that every module is recompiled at runtime , when you import it - which is actually what happens if the module has changed in the meanwhile .
In short , you can consider Python as an interpreter ( as it is usually done ) and there is no substantial difference between typing commands at the REPL and writing a script .
There are a few minor differences actually , but they are not relevant for what I am discussing now .
Things are quite different in Scheme .
The interpreter semantics is not specified by the R6RS standard and it is completely implementation - dependent .
It is also compatible with the standard to not provide interpreter semantics at all , i.e. to not provide a REPL : for instance PLT Scheme does not provide a REPL for R6RS programs ( it does provide a REPL for non R6RS programs which is actually quite exceptional since it uses compiler semantics and not interpreter semantics ! ) .
The compiler semantics i.e. the expansion process of Scheme source code is ( loosely ) specified by the R6RS standard and is used in libraries .
The semantics used in scripts is not clear ( in the words of Will Clinger there is no such thing as an R6RS - conforming Scheme script , because Scheme scripts are described only by a non-binding document that was never ratified ) .
The difference between the two semantics is most visible when you have macros depending on helper functions .
When a program is read in interpreter semantics , everything happens at runtime : it is possible to define a function and immediately after a macro using that function .
When a program is read in batch compiler semantics instead , all the definitions and the expressions are read , the macros are expanded and the program compiled , before execution .
Implementations have a considerable freedom in what they allowed to do ; for instance Ypsilon scripts use batch compiler semantics when the - - r6rs flag is set , but by default they use incremental compiler semantics , just as the REPL .
On the opposite side of the spectrum , the PLT REPL ( in non -R6RS mode ) basically uses batch compiler semantics .
In any case the behavior of code typed the REPL is never identical to the behavior of a script : for instance , at the REPL you can import modules at any moment , whereas in a script you must import them at the beginning .
There are other subtler differences , for instance in the behavior of continuations .
Then bottom line is that you should not believe your REPL blindly .
Macros and helper functions
As I said , you see the problem of compiler semantics once you start using macros which depend from auxiliary functions .
More in general there is the same problem for any identifier which is used in the right hand side of a macro definition and not inside the templates .
For instance , consider this simple macro ( def- syntax ( assert - distinct arg ... ) #'( #f ) ( distinct ?
bound - identifier= ?
#'( arg ... ) ) ( syntax - violation ' assert - distinct " Duplicate name " #'( arg ... ) ) ) which raises a compile - time exception ( syntax - violation ) if it is invoked with duplicate arguments .
Such macro could be used as a helper in macros defining multiple names at the same time , like the multi-define macro of episode 9 . assert - distinct relies on the builtin function bound - identifier= ?
which returns true when two identifiers are equal and false otherwise ( this is an extremely simplified explanation , let me refer to the R6RS document for the gory details ) and on the helper function distinct ?
defined as follows : ;; check if the elements of a list are distinct according to eq ? ( define ( distinct ? eq? items ) ( if ( null ? items ) #t ; no items ( let+ ( ( first . rest ) items ) ( cond ( ( null ? rest ) # t ) ; single item ( ( exists ( cut eq ? first <>) rest ) # f ) ; duplicate ( else ( distinct ? eq? rest ) ) ; look at the sublist ) ) ) ) distinct ?
takes a list of objects and finds out they are all distinct according to some equality operator , of if there are duplicates .
Here are a couple of test cases : ( test " distinct " ( distinct ? eq ? '( a b c ) ) # t ) ( test " not - distinct " ( distinct ? eq ? '( a b a ) ) # f )
It is natural , when writing new code , to try things at the REPL and to define first the function and then the macro .
The problem is that the code will work in REPL : however , in R6RS - conforming implementations , if you cut and paste from the REPL and convert it into a script , you will run into an error !
The explanation is that in compiler semantics macro definitions and function definitions happens at different times .
In particular , macro definitions are taken in consideration before function definitions , independently from their relative position in the source code .
Therefore our example fails to compile since the assert - distinct macro makes use of the distinct ?
function which is not yet defined at the time the macro is considered , i.e. at expansion time .
Actually , not only functions are not evaluated at expansion time and cannot be used inside a macro , but in general the right hand side of any definition is left unevaluated by the compiler .
This explains why ( define x ( / 1 0 ) ) is compiled correctly , as we discussed in the previous article .
There are nonportable ways to avoiding writing the helper functions in a separate module .
For instance Ypsilon scripts by default ( unless the strict R6RS - compatibility flag is set ) use interpreter semantics and have no phase separation .
On the other end of the spectrum , mzscheme has very strong phase separation , but it is still possible to define helper functions at expand - time without putting them in a separated module , using the nonportable define - for - syntax form .
Nevertheless , the only portable way to make available at expand time a function defined at runtime is to define the function in a different module and to import it at expand time .
A note about incremental compilers and interpreters Ikarus and Ypsilon use the semantics of an incremental compiler : each top level block of code is compiled - to native code in Ikarus and to bytecode in Ypsilon - and executed immediately .
Each new definition augments the namespace of known names at runtime , both for first class objects and macros .
Macros are both defined and expanded at runtime .
It is clear tha the semantics of an incremental compiler is very similar to the semantics of an interpreter ; here is an example in Ikarus , where a macro is defined which depends from a helper function : > ( define ( double x ) (* 2 x ) ) > ( def-syntax ( m ) ( double 1 ) ) ( m ) 2
However , an incremental compiler is not identical to an interpreter , since internally it uses phase separation to compile blocks of code ; for instance in Ikarus if you put together the previous definition in a single block you get an error , since the function double is known at run -time but not at expand - time : > ( let ( ) ( define ( double x ) (* 2 x ) ) ( def-syntax ( m ) ( double 1 ) ) ( m ) )
Unhandled exception Condition components : 1 . &who : double 2 . &message : " identifier out of context " 3 . &syntax : form : double subform : #f 4 . &trace : #< syntax double >
There are still Scheme implementations which are pure interpreters and do not distinguish expand time from runtime at all ; here is an example in Guile ( notice that Guile is not an R6RS implementation ) : guile > ( let ( ) ( define ( double x ) (* 2 x ) ) ( define - macro ( m ) ( double 1 ) ) ( m ) ) 2
I am using define - macro here which is the built - in macro mechanism for Guile : as you see the function double is immediately available to the macro , even if it is defined inside the same block as the macro , which is not the case for any of the existing R6RS implementations .
Notice however that Guile also supports high level macros ( via an external library ) with compiler semantics .
Discussion
The interpreter semantics is the most intuitive and easier to understand .
In such semantics everything happens at runtime ; the code may still be compiled before being executed , as in incremental compiler , but this is an implementation detail : from the point of view of the programmer the feeling is the same as using an interpreter - modulo the tricky point mentioned in the previous paragraph .
The interpreter semantics is also the most powerful semantics of all : for instance , it is possible to redefine identifiers and to import modules at runtime , things which are both impossible in compiler semantics .
If you look at it with honesty , the compiler semantics is basically a performance hack : by separing compilation time from runtime you can perform some computation only once ( at compilation time ) and gain performance .
This is not strange at all : compilers are performance hacks .
It is just more efficient to convert a a program into machine code with a compiler than to interpret it expression by expression .
The other main reason to favor compilers over interpreters , apart from performance , is compile - time cheching .
Compilers are able to reject a class of incorrect programs even before executing them .
Scheme compilers are traditionally not too strong in this respect , because of dynamic typing and because of the design philosophy of the language ( be permissive , we will solve the errors later ) .
Nevertheless , with macros you can in principle add all the compile - time checkings you want ( we just saw the checking for distinct names ) : it is even possible to turn Scheme into a typed language , like Typed Scheme .
Another ( minor ) advantage of the compiler semantics is that it makes it easier for static tools to work with a program .
For instance in Python an IDE cannot implement autocompletion of names in a reliable way , without having knowledge of the running program .
In Scheme an IDE can statically determine all the names imported by the program and thus offer full autocompletion .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 5 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
As even Karl Marx once reluctantly admitted , the capitalist system has created more wealth ( and more quickly ) than any other economic system in history .
Yet , despite its obvious success ( or , perhaps , because of it ) , the system is poorly understood and almost never loved .
And this ignorance and lack of affection ( for self - interest and profit and competition ) always makes capitalism vulnerable ( especially during recessions ) to crack - pot schemes and reforms that strike at the root of its economic performance .
In the current economic downturn , “ bailouts ” to financial firms ( AIG , Citi Bank ) and industrial corporations ( GM , Chrysler ) are the nuttiest of the current crop of government policies and they promise to inflict the most lasting damage on taxpayers , consumers , and on the economy as a whole .
Regardless of their intent , they are a serious economic mistake because they cut to the very heart of the capitalist process .
To see why this is so , it must be noted that the search for profit and the avoidance of loss is the essence of the capitalist process .
In a market economy , individuals and firms have incentives to discover products and services that consumers want and then produce them at the lowest cost .
Profits become a signal of success and a reward for serving consumers efficiently .
Contrariwise , when losses appear , they signal failure and inflict a penalty on firms for producing poor products or having bloated costs of production .
Firms that make profits can command additional resources ( land , labor , capital ) and expand production .
Investors who took the risks of production are rewarded .
On the other hand , firms that make losses must release resources ( land , labor , capital ) and ought to curtail production ; their investors are penalized .
This , then , is the capitalistic process whereby consumers get the products and services they want produced efficiently .
Since market information is never perfect and since production is always future oriented , the capitalistic process is “ messy ” and is never in any equilibrium ; this reality must be accepted .
What cannot be accepted is market fraud ( especially in accounting for profit and loss ) and deceptive practices ; these serve to undermine the integrity of the entire process and must be carefully policed .
( Think Bernie Madoff . )
Nonetheless , the capitalistic process of profit and loss ( with fraud protection ) just described has worked with more personal freedom and more beneficial results than any other economic system in history .
The recent and on - going government bailouts ( begun under President Bush and continued under President Obama ) are antithetical to the capitalistic process .
First , they weaken both the information and incentives necessary for efficient production .
Second , they delay tough decisions by management in a whole variety of areas such as product design , employment , dealer and store closings , future investments , and even bankruptcy .
Finally , profitable firms in an industry are put at a competitive disadvantage because of the subsidies to the losers ; this is both unfair and inefficient .
All of these perverse incentives work to prolong and deepen recessions , not shorten them .
In addition , what governments fund they ( naturally ) wish to control .
So bailouts often come with strings and conditions concerning future business operations ( salaries , plant closings , etc. ) .
The assumption here is that the Treasury or the Congress ( think Barney Frank ) can craft a better plan for any future corporate recovery than can the market or a bankruptcy court .
But this assumption is unwarranted and has no support in either theory or empirical evidence .
The huge credit bubble spawned by the Federal Reserve created expectations about future production and consumption that could not be sustained .
That it all came crashing down was inevitable .
Recessions ( actually economic corrections ) end when consumers and business finally readjust their respective “ balance sheets ” to the new price and profit reality .
Bailouts delay and distort this adjustment process and thus make the recovery longer and more difficult .
The Best of Dom Armentano
So , he 's been in office for 100 days .
One network 's reaction ?
Big deal ....
President Obama 's got yet another prime time press conference scheduled -- this one for Wednesday night -- and the FOX network is saying enough 's enough .
They 're opting out .
Too much Obama ?
Well , if you count the president 's address to Congress earlier this year , this will mark the fourth time he 's interrupted regular TV programming so far this year .
Or every 25 days , he wrecks the TV schedule .
And as Broadcasting and Cable magazine notes , " networks stand to lose millions in advertising revenue by shifting or rescheduling their normal programming .
Fox has twice this year shifted its top show American Idol to make room for the White House requests . "
Lie to Me
FOX will stick with its regular lineup instead .
Undoubtedly Sean Hannity and Glenn Beck will have much fun discussing the name of that television program and contrasting it with the president 's press conference .
The name of the TV show ?
" Lie to Me " .
Don Surber at the Daily Mail is already having fun , writing , " Lie To Me ” will be on at 8 p.m. on Wednesday .
Fox will air an entertainment show instead . "
Ba -doom - ba .
Boycott ?
It 's not as though FOX is boycotting the president or anything .
The network announced they will air Obama 's press conference on the FOX News Channel and the FOX Business network .
And to even be really helpful , the network promised to alert viewers " with an on - screen graphic at the top of the 8:00 PM ( ET ) hour that the press conference is available on Fox News Channel and the Fox Business Network . ”
Teleprompter
Because of this coverage , you can count on much merriment preceding the press conference from FOX News analysts about the size of President Obama 's teleprompter before the event .
They might even bring up the teleprompter breakdown that happened today .
You blame ME for my weight !?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
When college students are stumped on their classwork , where do they turn ?
Most of the time , not to their textbooks , according to a survey performed at the behest of Nature Publishing Group .
According to Vikram Savkar , who heads the group 's Nature Education effort , 80 percent of the time , the students do what the rest of us do : look to Google , and often on from there to Wikipedia .
Nature Education is an effort to change that and , in the process , provide a better science education experience .
Since January , Nature Education 's first product , Scitable , has been available to the public .
The goal , according to Savkar , is to provide the sort of dynamic social content that college students now expect — as he noted , biology study groups had already formed spontaneously on Facebook .
" The old content models are out of date , " he said , " we all know that textbooks are n't what students find interesting . "
Content on Scitable
What textbooks provide , however , is a degree of credibility that most of the online world can't match .
Wikipedia may bail a student out , but teaching faculty are n't necessarily likely to count on it as course material .
That 's where Savkar thinks that the backing of Nature comes in ; it 's got over a century of credibility with the scientific community .
But credibility would only get Scitable so far , so it 's taken the approach that a standard publisher would , arranging for a combination of science writers , teaching faculty , and researchers to provide content for the site .
Where relevant , the content links back to a full version the original paper , provided it was published by one of the Nature journals .
So , for example , in the article on the genetic code contains a detailed description of the experimental approach that led to our understanding of how DNA encodes proteins .
But it also contains a bibliography that includes links to the original papers , which are available to anyone who 's set up an account on the service —
Savkar said that the instructional material is meant to serve as a bridge to the actual research .
There 's also an extensive list of other material on related topics that is available at Scitable .
All of that material has been reviewed by the editors at the site .
There 's also an " Ask an Expert " box that appears on the topic pages , which allows registered users to get feedback and clarification from the editorial staff or content contributors .
These pages are also set up in what are termed " study paths , " sets of linked topic pages that are roughly analogous to chapters in a textbook .
Because of the nonlinear nature of the Web , Scitable has the advantage of being able to reuse a single topic page wherever it 's appropriate .
Faculty who are interested in using Scitable for their classrooms can form a group on the site and assign different study paths and individual topic pages to their students .
These groups can be kept private ( the vast majority are ) , and allow the faculty member to post messages and additional class material ; in essence , they act as a combination of syllabus and online discussion board for the class , and link directly to the course material .
But groups are n't limited to faculty — anyone can start one , which is where the social aspects of the service come in .
So far , most of the discussion groups appear to be focused on individual courses , but there are a number of exceptions , like an international student 's group .
Any content uploaded to these public groups is vetted by Scitable 's experts before being made available , ensuring the quality of the material on the site .
A flexible textbook
We also spoke with Clare O'Connor , who has both written content for Scitable and used it in a class she teaches at Boston College , which is designed for non-majors .
" That 's a lot more of a challenge for an instructor than a traditional genetics class , " O'Connor said .
" You want them to understand that genetics is important to their life , and there are few texts available that do that .
I was going to use a Wiki , as I 've used them before in my class , when I heard about Scitable from a colleague . "
In addition to writing some of her own material for the class , O'Connor has used a number of the items written by other authors , primarily from the " Genetics and Society " section .
The modular nature of the material was really helpful to her , as she could avoid the material that was too sophisticated for her students .
The flexibility of the system was important to her , as was the fact that Nature stands behind it — " it 's information I feel I can trust , as opposed to other sites out there on the Web , " O'Connor said .
Because of the fact that her students were non-majors , she did n't recommend that they follow up by reading the original papers that her material referred to , and she is n't aware of any of them doing so .
Still , she found the access to past Nature publications useful , because she had n't read a number of the classic papers herself .
O'Connor said , however , that Scitable is n't a full replacement for textbooks for more advanced students , since it lacks the sorts of problem sets that many rely on for understanding the material .
A different science education
Right now , Scitable only does genetics , since it was decided that Nature had the biggest back catalog of work in that field , but other subjects are on the way .
Savkar says that the plan is to expand rapidly into new subject areas over the next two years or so .
So , it 's a bit difficult to evaluate the service , both because it 's easier to find what you 're looking for within limited content , and because it will necessarily have a limited user community .
Even with that limited crowd , however , finding groups and people was n't a simple experience ( for example , there did n't appear to be any way to eliminate any private groups from a search ) , although the science content itself was well laid out .
Practicalities aside , Savkar made it very clear that Nature had big goals for Scitable 's place in science education .
Both the modular nature of the material and the direct tie-ins to the historic literature are intended to help present science as a logical process , rather than something that needs to be memorized .
" Students do n't want to think about science as a collection of facts , they think of it as a discovery process , " as Savkar put it .
Scitable is n't the only group thinking along these lines — it was clearly the motivation of the group that produced the Understanding Science website .
It 's difficult not to hope that the focus on experimental logic will work , given that it motivates a lot of the science coverage at Ars .
There are a couple of related goals where progress is a bit easier to track .
For example , Savkar is hoping that the site will place the developing world on equal footing when it comes to getting up - to - date instructional material , and Savkar says there are some signs of that happening .
He also mentioned that they 're starting to see traffic from adults that are not in enrolled in classes , as well as a few advanced high school classes .
Finally , some of the pages are starting to place well in searches , which may mean that the goal of providing a credible source of general science information is achievable .
All of these are positive signs that Scitable may ultimately have a chance to achieve two of the goals that Savkar has set for it : keep the public engaged in science , and keep the pipeline of students interested in a science career from leaking too badly .
But the site will eventually have to turn a profit ; there are a number of ways that Nature hopes to achieve that , but there 's no way to know how long the company will be willing to wait for them to pan out .
In the meantime , the Scitable content is free and , being online , it does much better than textbooks when it comes to connecting the topics with both historic and ongoing research efforts .
I 'm looking forward to seeing how it handles topics that I 'm less familiar with .
Some 90,000 plates with the banned letters will reportedly be replaced
Saudi Arabia has banned vehicle number plates which are seen as " offensive " in English when Arabic letters are given in the Latin alphabet , reports say .
Saudi newspaper al - Watan said the banned words included " sex " and " ass " , but the list was topped by " USA " .
Al - Watan said 90,000 existing plates were to be replaced .
Personalised plates are popular with wealthy young Saudis .
One plate recently sold at auction for 6 m riyals ( $ 1.2 m ) , the newspaper reported .
Newer Saudi plates include three Arabic letters that are also shown in the Latin alphabet .
The growing fashion is for car owners to buy personalised " vanity " plates that deliberately read " nut " , " but " , " bad " , or " bar " in English .
The latter presumably has been deemed offensive as it relates to alcohol , which is banned in the Islamic kingdom , the AFP news agency reports .
The first on the list , for unexplained reasons , is the combination " USA " .
The deadline to get the 11 - year - old into a program that could save her sight was looming .
So the team from the Hospital for Sick Children , carrying dishes to collect saliva and stacks of consent forms , raced outside to the protest .
" We are here to allow a little girl to receive a gene therapy treatment so she wo n't go blind , " said Dr. Elise Héon , ophthalmologist - in - chief at Sick Kids .
Héon helped monitor the collection of saliva from Tamil protesters who have shut down University Ave. outside the American consulate since Sunday , demanding that Canada and the U.S. intervene in the conflict in Sri Lanka .
Their young patient , who is legally blind and an outpatient of the hospital , has been diagnosed with Leber congenital amaurosis ( LCA ) , a retinal disorder usually diagnosed soon after birth .
Héon needed to confirm that a genetic mutation believed to be the cause of the condition is uncommon among Sri Lankan Tamils .
If they could do that , the girl would remain in a gene therapy trial that could improve her sight .
But the deadline to collect and test the samples was last night .
With the clock ticking , they needed to assemble a control group , or cluster , of at least 50 Sri Lankan Tamils willing to donate their saliva for genetic testing .
If the genetic mutation is common among the control group , Héon 's team knows it is not causing the girl 's disease .
So the girl , who lives in Toronto and is of Sri Lankan Tamil descent , would be dropped from the gene therapy trial , which will take place in the United States .
" She was being removed , so we said , `No , no , do n't remove her , we will find a control . '
So all week we have been looking for Tamil people , " Héon said .
The researchers had reached out to colleagues and friends , but by yesterday morning they had only 36 samples .
That 's when they made the decision to head outside .
They did better than expected :
In a short period of time the enthusiastic crowd boosted the total to 56 .
Among the willing participants was Sritharan Ravichandran , 45 .
" My mouth is dry , " said Ravichandran , after making several attempts to fill the container .
Also ready to help was Hariharan Navaratnarajah , 27 .
" I think it is great thing they are doing – it is always great to help with scientists , " said Navaratnarajah after handing over his contribution to the team .
" It is amazingly helpful .
We can't thank the community enough for participating in this , " said Gail Billingsley , 55 , a research associate .
Toronto has a large Sri Lankan Tamil community , so the samples can be used for additional research , she said .
" I know it is just one person right now , but it can help others in the future . "
Billingsley explained that the genetic mutation that qualified the child for the trial was identified a few years ago , but only Caucasians and south Asians were tested .
At the time , that was considered sufficient , but improved scientific techniques demanded deeper testing , she said .
Since Sunday evening hundreds , occasionally thousands , of Sri Lankan Tamils have been protesting inside a blocked off portion of University Ave. between Dundas St. and Queen St. W .
Catherine Deveault , a clinical research co-ordinator for Héon , said the protesters needed very little encouragement to donate .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" They were all very nice and very willing to participate .
We did n't get any negative reactions . "
Deveault said they expected the test results to be ready last night .
" We were out of solutions .
So we did what we had to do . "
( Brussels ) - Donor governments meeting in Brussels this week should ensure that pledges of assistance to Somali security forces and African Union troops in Somalia will not contribute to human rights abuses , Human Rights Watch said today .
All training and material assistance to Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) security forces should be accompanied by adequate vetting of personnel and the creation of mechanisms to respond to serious abuses when they occur , said Human Rights Watch .
On April 23 , 2009 , in Brussels , the United States , the European Union and other key donors will meet with representatives of the TFG and various multilateral institutions , including the African Union and AMISOM ( the African Union 's military force in Somalia ) .
The primary goal of the conference is to pledge donor support to TFG security forces and AMISOM .
Human Rights
Watch said that while efforts to bolster security are a justifiable priority , governments promoting them need to recognize that deeply entrenched patterns of impunity for serious abuses have been a primary cause of violence in Somalia over the long term .
" Donors need to focus on improving security for Somali civilians , rather than just for the transitional government , " said Georgette Gagnon , Africa director at Human Rights Watch .
" Since Somalia 's security forces have committed so many violent abuses against civilians , efforts to strengthen them also need to make them more accountable . "
Somalia has a long history of near - total impunity for serious abuses by all warring factions since the collapse of its last functional government in 1991 .
Throughout 2007 and 2008 , the country was embroiled in a brutal conflict pitting the TFG and its Ethiopian military ally against a broad array of insurgent groups .
Every side to that conflict regularly committed serious violations of the laws of war and other abuses , and the absence of accountability fueled a downward spiral of bloodshed and abuse .
That violence , in turn , spawned a humanitarian crisis - 1.2 million Somalis were displaced from their homes as of March 2009 , and 3.25 million need humanitarian assistance .
Ethiopian forces pulled out in December 2008 , but fighting has continued between numerous armed factions , including the TFG security forces .
Recent donor interventions in Somalia 's security sector have often exacerbated problems in the country .
Beginning in 2007 , international donors through the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) embarked on training and other assistance for TFG police forces that included direct financial support for police salaries .
During that period , the police were widely implicated in serious human rights abuses , including : the indiscriminate killing of civilians during combat operations ; arbitrary detention of civilians in Mogadishu to extort ransom payments from victims ' families ; looting ; armed robbery ; and murder .
The TFG , then under the leadership of former President Abdullahi Yusuf , took no meaningful action to prevent , investigate , or respond to these abuses .
UNDP suspended police stipend payments in 2008 , but donor governments did not demand that the TFG investigate or hold those responsible for serious crimes accountable .
The UN Monitoring Group on Somalia reported that past donor assistance to the security forces has violated the longstanding UN arms embargo on Somalia - primarily because donors did not bother to seek exemptions .
Earlier this year , the TFG 's tenuous grip on power was bolstered after peace talks spearheaded by the special representative of the UN secretary - general for Somalia led to a broader - based government of national unity , headed by President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed .
All major donors continue to make support for the security forces a primary aim .
They are hoping that an infusion of support to the new TFG 's security forces will help it to gain political traction and restore security in parts of south - central Somalia .
Then , perhaps , the longer - term work of building workable government institutions can begin .
" Until now , key donors have adopted a ‘ see no evil , hear no evil ' approach to serious abuses by TFG security forces they support , " said Gagnon .
" This conference offers donors the opportunity to chart a better course - but if they fail to do so , it risks entrenching the terrible mistakes of the past two years . "
Human Rights
Watch urges that , at a minimum , donors meeting in Brussels this Thursday should include on their agenda discussion of the following goals :
Ensure adequate vetting of TFG security forces : Members of the new security forces should be vetted to ensure that they have not been implicated in serious human rights abuses .
Donors should support creating an independent vetting mechanism to remove and exclude members of the security forces responsible for serious human rights violations and should condition their support on acceptance of such a mechanism .
Vetting should only be carried out by entities whose track records demonstrate the capacity to carry out the exercise in a credible manner .
Fire the police commissioner : TFG Police Commissioner Abdi Qeybdid has been implicated in war crimes and serious human rights abuses , both during and prior to his tenure as commissioner .
Under his stewardship , police abuses have been rampant , with no effort to halt abuses or bring those responsible to justice .
Removing Qeybdid from his post is a necessary step to demonstrate the TFG's professed commitment to more accountability in the police force .
Ensure that training programs have a solid human rights component :
All donor - supported training of security forces should include extensive training in human rights principles and humanitarian law .
This training should be carried out by entities whose track records demonstrate the capacity to ensure that the training strengthens respect for human rights principles .
Develop mechanisms to address abuses by TFG security forces and AMISOM :
There are currently no effective mechanisms to address violations of international humanitarian and human rights law by TFG security forces and AMISOM personnel .
Donor governments should ensure that the TFG and AMISOM develop mechanisms to undertake credible investigations of alleged abuses and ensure accountability .
The continued provision of assistance to the TFG security forces and AMISOM alike should be contingent upon good - faith efforts to meet these obligations whenever they arise .
Bolster independent human rights monitoring in Somalia : Donors should support more robust independent investigation of serious abuses by all parties to the armed conflict in Somalia , beginning by increasing the capacity of the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights ( OHCHR ) to carry out investigations .
The UN Political Office for Somalia , which has integrated OHCHR 's operations into its own , should permit its human rights unit to make human rights monitoring and reporting its top priority .
Such independent monitoring is crucial for donor efforts to track the conduct of the forces they support in Somalia .
It would also contribute to broader efforts to monitor , document , and respond to the human rights crisis in Somalia .
Human Rights
Watch has long advocated that donors also support the creation of a Commission of Inquiry for Somalia under the UN Security Council to map the worst abuses and lay the groundwork for future accountability .
Together , these recommendations represent only a modest first step toward serious efforts at reining in abuse and enhancing the accountability of TFG security forces .
The transitional government should embrace these steps if it wishes to show that it is serious about protecting civilians and is fundamentally different from previous failed experiments at transitional government in Somalia .
Case Mod : The Ultimate List
Case mods or computer case modifications are the ultimate display of
geek chic , creativity and hardware prowess !
Many of them are pieces
of art , whereas others are just plain weird .
Got a photo or build log of a unique case mod not listed here ?
Please
let me know !
Well now : just because college protesters falsely cry " Police Brutality " sometimes does n't mean that real police misconduct does n't exist .
For example : you can't knock kids down and arrest them because they say " Shame " :
You also can't shove people for videotaping you in the course of your police misconduct !
City Room finally posted this video from the New School protest that was crushed by the police earlier today .
When you watch it , keep in mind that the NYPD 's spokesperson told the NYT it was " untrue that pepper spray or mace were used in effectuating the arrests . "
Liar :
" This tool demonstrates a system for identifying the real IP address of a web user , regardless of proxy settings , using a combination of client - side technologies and custom services .
No vulnerabilities are exploited by this tool .
A properly configured Tor setup should not result in any identifying information being exposed . "
Essentially this uses flash and / or applets which execute on the client side to gather host information .
There have been commercial equivalents for some time but this is the first open source POC .
More Information : http://decloak.net/
A dash of cinnamon can enhance the flavor of an apple pie , but there may be more to this familiar spice than meets the tastebuds .
There are studies to suggest cinnamon may help to reduce the levels of glucose ( sugar ) in blood﻿﻿ — findings that could be particularly good news for people with diabetes .
The jury is still out on whether cinnamon truly has a hypoglycemic ( blood sugar lowering ) effect , but the research is promising .
If you have reason to be concerned about your own blood sugar levels ( you 've been diagnosed with prediabetes , for example , or you 're at risk of type 2 diabetes ) , adding a dash of cinnamon to your diet here and there certainly can't hurt .
Cinnamon at a Glance
Cinnamon is sourced from the inner bark of the Cinnamomum tree .
When removed from the trunk of the tree and allowed to dry , the bark naturally rolls up into quills commonly known as cinnamon sticks .
The quills are sold as is or ground into a fine powder .
Both forms are easy to find on grocery store shelves and anywhere spices and cooking ingredients are sold .
Two types of cinnamon are available in the United States : Ceylon , or " true cinnamon " is the more expensive .
The other variety of cinnamon , cassia , is used to flavor most food products .
The distinctive flavor and aroma of cinnamon come from an essential oil called cinnamaldehyde .
It 's believed that this essential oil has both antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory properties .
Cinnamon also has significant amounts of antioxidants , higher than 25 other spices .﻿﻿
Cinnamon and Blood Sugar
Research looking at the potential effects of cinnamon on blood sugar levels suggest the spice may be beneficial in two ways .
The first is by having an insulin - like effect in the body — in other words , triggering cells to remove glucose from the blood .
The second is by increasing the activity of the transporter proteins that move glucose out of the bloodstream and into cells .﻿﻿
Conclusive studies investigating the use of cinnamon in managing diabetes are lacking .
Those that do exist are contradictory , with some showing significant positive effects﻿﻿ and others showing little to no effect .
However , there have been some positive findings .
The conclusions tend to be limited given the small size of the studies .
Others are simply poorly designed .
Among the positive findings , a 2013 meta - analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials concluded that ingesting cinnamon can , in fact , lower fasting blood sugars .
The analysis also found that cinnamon had a positive effect on total cholesterol , triglycerides , and " bad " low - density lipoprotein ( LDL ) cholesterol .﻿﻿
Adding Cinnamon to Your Diet
In addition to adding cinnamon to your food , there are also cinnamon supplements that you can buy online and at nutritional supplements stores .
There are no guidelines for the appropriate use of these supplements , although some manufacturers recommend 2,000 milligrams ( mg ) per day .
An April 2019 review in Clinical Nutrition reported that the most common side effects from cinnamon consumption include gastrointestinal symptoms and allergic reactions .
Side effects tended to be transient and improve on their own treatment was stopped .﻿﻿
Cinnamon may be unsafe to use with medications or supplements known to reduce sugar levels , such as alpha-lipoic acid , bitter melon , chromium , devil 's claw , fenugreek , garlic , horse chestnut , Panax ginseng , Siberian ginseng , and psyllium .﻿﻿
That said , adding reasonable amounts of cinnamon to food is n't likely to be harmful .
In studies that found cinnamon had a positive effect on blood sugar levels , subjects ingested the equivalent of one teaspoon per day﻿﻿ — amounts small enough to easily work into a regular diet simply by sprinkling it on morning oatmeal , adding it to a chili recipe , or sipping it in tea .
As with all dietary supplements , it should be noted that supplements are not regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
Since much more research is needed to prove cinnamon 's effectiveness in reducing glucose levels , the American Diabetes Society does not endorse using cinnamon supplements to manage diabetes .﻿﻿
In what may be a Freudian Slip , author Robert G. Kaufman , makes the following statement regarding what the Republican party should do “ when Obama fails ” ( his words ) .
“ If I had to recommend one single thing that the Republicans should be doing to help articulate the message , it is to acquire another television network so that there is not just FOX , but multiple sources of alternative information that will do a much better job than we did in 2008 to keep things honest . “
Obviously , this is n’t a revelation about the GOP owning Fox News , but rather the fact that Fox News is responsible to the right .
This further proves that Fox News is neither fair nor balanced .
Original Story
Share this article
After decades scaling the Democratic Party ranks , Nancy Pelosi reached a pinnacle in January 2007 , becoming the first woman speaker of the House .
For two years , alongside Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , she fashioned the party ’s agenda on Capitol Hill , fought a rear - guard action against the Bush administration and , more broadly , helped define what it means to be a Democrat .
Now , however , it ’s gotten crowded at the top .
Under President Obama , a breakthrough figure in his own right , the party has a new face , an ambitious platform and a commanding voice -- and Pelosi is discovering what it means to be back in a lesser role , with someone else setting the party ’s agenda and establishing its priorities .
Advertisement
The San Francisco Democrat says she is comfortable with her new position , after years of battling President George W. Bush .
“ It ’s what we ’ve hoped for , worked for , prayed for , ” Pelosi said of the Obama administration .
“ The difference between being the speaker without a president of your party and the speaker with Barack Obama as president is night and day . ”
But , inevitably , tensions have emerged .
Pelosi wants
Bush ’s tax cuts for wealthy Americans to expire sooner than Obama has proposed .
She is more receptive than Obama to a congressional investigation of the Bush administration ’s warrantless wiretap program and criminal prosecution of any officials who used torture as a weapon to fight terrorism .
Advertisement
She was a strong backer of a punitive tax on bonuses paid to AIG employees , a move that has drawn a cool response from Obama .
Pelosi questioned whether Obama ’s proposal for withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq went far enough and made her feelings known in a frank discussion before the president revealed his plans , as well as in public statements after his announcement .
Although Obama has pledged a new spirit of bipartisanship in Washington and tried to win GOP support , Republicans complained that Pelosi had shut them out of negotiations on the economic stimulus bill .
Privately , she counseled Obama and his advisors that courting House Republicans was a waste of time ( and surely felt vindicated when not a single one voted to support the far - reaching legislation . )
“ Yes , we wrote this bill , ” she told reporters amid the GOP griping .
“ We won this election . ”
Advertisement
That sort of blunt talk may reflect the reality in the House , where Pelosi has the power -- and the inclination , when she sees fit -- to run roughshod over the minority .
But it wo n’t necessarily help the president pass his proposals into law .
“ Obama has shown an instinct for finding the middle , both to avoid being pulled too far to the left and to win enough Republican votes to pass anything in the Senate , ” said Don Kettl , a University of Pennsylvania political scientist and longtime Congress watcher .
“ But that might not sit well with Pelosi ’s instincts and preferences .
So we might well be looking at an ongoing tug of war .
. . .
If either of them allows the tension to bubble to the surface , it could well explode into a volcano that would disrupt the Democrats ’ agenda . ”
Advertisement
Beyond their policy differences and disparate styles -- the contrast between the hard - charging Pelosi and low - key Obama could hardly be greater -- there are larger forces that almost guarantee a certain amount of friction between the speaker and the president .
Obama won his mandate directly from the American people .
Pelosi , by contrast , owes her position to the 254 Democratic members of the House .
As such , the speaker is determined to protect congressional prerogatives and prevent Democrats from taking politically risky votes that could endanger their seats and weaken the party majority -- even if that means undermining Obama and sometimes thwarting his goals .
“ This is n’t going to be a Congress that ’s BTU’d , ” said a longtime friend and occasional Pelosi advisor , referring to a politically damaging vote by House Democrats who passed an energy consumption tax under President Clinton , only to have the administration abandon the proposal after Senate opposition .
Advertisement
“ She ’ll be very pragmatic about making sure the moderate and conservative members of her caucus can get reelected , ” said Pelosi ’s friend , a Californian who did not want to be identified discussing their relationship .
At the same time , Pelosi has to reckon with a number of powerful committee chairmen on Capitol Hill , including two friends , California ’s George Miller ( D - Martinez ) and Henry A. Waxman ( D - Beverly Hills ) , who seem intent on shaping major legislation to their liking , regardless of what Obama or more conservative lawmakers might prefer .
That could leave Pelosi caught between the president , her longtime liberal allies and Democrats more to the right , though Miller , for one , said trying to balance those interests was not such a bad problem .
“ You have a president of the United States of the same party , ” Miller said .
“ That ’s flat out exciting , and the benefits overwhelm every other consideration . ”
Advertisement
That may be especially true for Pelosi , 68 , who has been a Democrat since birth -- her father was a New Deal congressman and Baltimore mayor -- and served as California party chairwoman , a national fundraiser and House minority whip ( the party ’s chief vote wrangler ) among less exalted positions .
She has represented San Francisco , her adopted hometown , in Washington for nearly 22 years .
Being speaker has its perks : a $ 223,500 salary ( not that the wealthy Pelosi needs the paycheck to make ends meet ) , a car and driver , and a drop - dead view from her Capitol office .
But perhaps the greatest benefit after all those years in the minority and serving under Republican presidents is the chance to pursue the goals she and Obama share , including expanded healthcare , a green energy policy and a more middle - class - friendly tax structure .
“ On the big picture , the vision , the strategy . . . there is no distance between us , ” said Pelosi , who is happy to draw Republican fire if it means the president can float above the fray .
“ I ’m in the arena .
That ’s fine with me . ”
Those who have watched the two interact say Pelosi is genuinely fond of Obama ; the president , they say , likes and respects the speaker .
The two talk almost daily , often face to face , when one pulls the other aside after a group meeting .
Advertisement
“ To accomplish what ’s been accomplished in a very short amount of time requires a lot of coordination and a very good working relationship , ” said a senior White House official , citing passage of Obama ’s economic rescue package and bills expanding children ’s health insurance and targeting pay discrimination .
“ The speaker ’s done everything the president asked for her to do in moving the things he felt strongly about , ” said the official , who is not authorized to speak publicly for the administration .
Obama has called Pelosi “ our rock , ” a word he used both privately and in the nationally broadcast speech he delivered to House Democrats in February .
There is a strong incentive for Pelosi and Obama ( and Reid ) to make their relationship work : memories of 1993 and 1994 , the last time Democrats controlled both Congress and the White House .
Advertisement
There were tensions from the start -- the BTU tax was not the only time Democrats felt politically undermined by their own president -- and the experience ended badly for the party when Republicans won control of Congress for the first time in 40 years .
“ Ultimately [ Pelosi ] wants Obama to succeed , ” said Martin Frost , a former Democratic House leader , who once opposed her elevation to speaker but has since become a fan .
“ It ’s not in her interest , or House Democrats ’ interest , that Obama fail . ”
--
richard.simon@latimes.com
Advertisement
mark.barabak@latimes.com
Times staff writer Faye Fiore contributed to this report .
Is there any other legitimate legal position to take on this ?
I 'd be curious to hear the arguments :
VIENNA ( AP ) —
An Austrian newspaper quotes the U.N. 's top torture investigator as saying President Barack Obama 's decision not to prosecute CIA operatives who used questionable interrogation practices violates international law .
Manfred Nowak is quoted in Der Standard as saying the United States has committed itself under the U.N. Convention against Torture to make torture a crime and to prosecute those suspected of engaging in it .
Obama assured CIA operatives on Thursday they would not be prosecuted for their rough interrogation tactics of terror suspects under the former Bush administration .
Nowak also says in the newspaper interview published Saturday that a comprehensive independent investigation is needed , and that it is important to compensate victims .
Pundits escalate attacks against Obama MEDIA
Marchers head up Market Street while hundreds gather in San Francisco , Calif. on Saturday March 21 , 2009 , for the , on what organizers called the , International Day of Action March on the 6th Anniversary of the Invasion of Iraq .
less Marchers head up Market Street while hundreds gather in San Francisco , Calif . on Saturday March 21 , 2009 , for the , on what organizers called the , International Day of Action March on the 6th Anniversary of the ... more Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Pundits escalate attacks against Obama 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
It took fewer than 100 days for conservative critics to start lobbing the F - bomb at President Obama .
" F " as in " fascist . "
Take Glenn Beck , the bombastic Fox News host , who in recent weeks has repeatedly used the term - along with references to Mussolini and pictures of Hitler and Lenin - to describe Obama 's efforts to revive struggling banks and automakers .
The American Spectator , a conservative publication , earlier this month ran an essay on Obama titled " Il Duce , Redux ? "
And TownHall.com 's David Limbaugh went even further :
He called Obama the head of a " Gestapo government " during a recent San Francisco radio interview .
Maybe it is the approach of Obama 's 100 - day milestone , the crowded agenda of domestic and international issues or the fact that the president is no longer a White House newbie .
But the recent high level of hysteria from conservative pundits - which has been dubbed the " Obama Derangement Syndrome " by the leftist blogosphere - underscores a crucial marker that might say as much about Obama 's critics as it does about Obama himself .
' Act of desperation '
Jack Glaser , associate professor of the Goldman School of Public Policy at UC Berkeley , says the use of such hyper - heated language from the right so early into the Obama administration " seems pretty clearly to be an act of desperation . "
" They ca n't get any thing to stick to him , " he said , citing a New York Times poll this week that showed that two - thirds of Americans approve of Obama 's job performance in office , while a record low of 31 percent said they have a favorable view of the Republican Party .
Critics are " grabbing on to whatever they can , " Glaser observed , a tactic that is sometimes head - spinning .
During the 2008 election , Obama was accused by many of these same voices of being socialist and " he was n't patriotic enough , " Glaser notes .
" And now , he 's fascist . "
The liberal watchdog group Media Matters has established a " Red Scare Index " to track the pundits ' descriptions of Obama .
It shows that " since the inauguration , there have been over 3,000 references to socialism , fascism , communism " in describing the president , says spokeswoman Erikka Knuti .
The lobbing of such high - powered , even incendiary , labels shows that the critics " obviously have no understanding of the history of the world , of national socialism or of fascism , " says Michael Semler , a political science professor at Cal State Sacramento .
" They 're looking for symbols in language , " aiming for maximum impact - and firing blanks , he said .
" I 'm surprised they have n't thrown Mao ( Zedong ) into the mix yet ... or compared him to ( North Korean dictator ) Kim Jong Il .
Where 's ( Uganda's ) Idi Amin ? "
In fact , in a recent broadcast , Rush Limbaugh ( David is his brother ) did appear to draw a connection between Obama and Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe , the strongman who has been accused of the torture and murder of his opponents .
Limbaugh made a reference to " Robert Ogabe , " saying that he " slipped up . "
Limbaugh added , " I was confusing him with a well - known Kenyan named Barack Ogabe . "
Defenders of Limbaugh and other conservative pundits argue that the use of such loaded criticism is hardly unique in American politics .
They note that during the previous presidential administration , pundits on the left did n't pull any punches on President George W. Bush and often resorted to equally aggressive language - though not so early in his administration .
Attacks on Bush
Example : MoveOn.org , in one ad in 2004 , made a direct comparison of Bush and Hitler .
" A nation warped by lies .
Lies fuel fear .
Fear fuels aggression .
Invasion .
Occupation .
What were war crimes in 1945 is foreign policy in 2003 , " the ad said .
Conservatives also note that the recent hyped - up criticism of Obama is n't limited to the right .
The president increasingly is getting hit with shots from the left and the political center .
Last month , some of the first anti-Obama street demonstrations in his 11 - week - old administration appeared at an anti-war rally in San Francisco .
One protester , saying he aimed to compare Obama to Bush , carried a cardboard effigy of Obama 's face on an Uncle Sam character .
It held a sign that read , " I want you to fight & die in Iraq & Afghanistan . "
For the most part , volleys from the left have not been loaded with overheated political rhetoric .
The strafing has challenged Obama 's foreign policy in a more measured way than comparing him to the Gestapo .
It also has come more from the grassroots than the media .
Anti-war activists , for instance , challenged Obama 's plan to send 21,000 troops to Afghanistan by saying it threatened " to obliterate the most progressive aspects of Obama 's domestic agenda , just as the war in Vietnam ruined the presidency of President Lyndon Johnson , " according to a statement last week from United for Peace & Justice , the nation 's largest coalition of anti-war organizations .
And the San Francisco - based Electronic Frontier Foundation ripped the Obama Justice Department this week for " continuing the Bush administration 's cover - up of the National Security Agency 's dragnet surveillance of millions of Americans " - a stance echoed by progressive MSNBC commentator Rachel Maddow over the past several weeks .
Maddow , an increasingly influential voice of the left , told The Chronicle recently that while the Obama administration " dropped the enemy combatant designation , ( it ) kept all of the meaningful things about making somebody an enemy combatant . "
Common thread
The common thread in the criticisms from liberals is that the critics " treat Obama like a professor , " said Nichola Gutgold , an associate professor of political communication at Penn State University , who is working on a book about Obama 's rhetoric and how he has handled the media .
" They 're holding back in their criticisms of him because they realize that these are unprecedented times we 're facing , so it 's not easy to quickly dismiss what he 's doing , " Gutgold said .
" He 's trying to systematically change what we 're doing .
And that takes time , they figure . "
Semler , the Cal State Sacramento political scientist , says that conservative pundits , by going far further , are hurting their own cause by undermining " the legitimate debate on what that ( government ) intervention should look like " in key industries like banking and auto production .
Any comparisons of a U.S. president to Hitler , Mugabe or Mussolini represent nothing less than " an affront to the American public , " he said .
" Hitler killed millions of people for their simple religion , gender , sexual preferences and ethnic practices .
To equate that with what 's going on in the nation 's economy is an insult to history and to the memory of those people . "
On her MSNBC show Monday , Maddow needled conservative critics , noting how some conservative Web sites are even finding " hidden " messages by playing Obama 's speeches backward .
" There is a ton of this Obama Antichrist stuff online , " Maddow said .
" Waaaay more than you 'd think there would be . "
If they listen hard enough , she said , they 'll find the real truth : that playing Obama 's signature " Yes , we can " line backward sounds like " Thank you , Satan . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US Vice - President Joe Biden has called for G20 protesters to give governments a chance to tackle the economic crisis .
At a G20 warm - up meeting in Chile , Mr Biden said heads of state would agree proposals to remedy the crisis at next week 's meeting in London .
As they spoke , tens of thousands of protesters marched in the UK capital and in Germany , France and Italy .
US billionaire George Soros told the BBC the G20 meeting was " make or break " for the world economy .
" Unless they do something for developing world there will be serious collapse in that part of the world , " Mr Soros said .
Massive security operation
At a news conference in Vina del Mar , Mr Biden said he hoped the protesters would give the politicians a chance .
" Hopefully we can make it clear to them that we 're going to walk away from this G20 meeting with some concrete proposals , " he said .
G20 LONDON SUMMIT
World leaders will meet next week in London to discuss measures to tackle the downturn .
See our in - depth guide to the G20 summit .
The G20 countries are Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , France , Germany , India , Indonesia , Italy , Japan , Mexico , Russia , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , South Korea , Turkey , the United Kingdom , the US and the EU .
Q&A : G20 Summit Protesters :
What they want G20 ' make or break ' , Soros says British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he understood why people were demonstrating in the UK .
" We will respond to [ the protest ] at the G20 with measures that will help create jobs , stimulate business and get the economy moving , " he said .
But Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva told the Chile meeting that everyone was suffering from the recklessness of those who had turned the world economy into " a gigantic casino " .
" We are rejecting blind faith in the markets , " he said .
In London on Saturday , demonstrators demanding action on poverty , jobs and climate change called on G20 leaders to pursue a new kind of global justice .
Police estimated 35,000 marchers took part in the event .
A series of rallies are planned for Wednesday and Thursday by a variety of coalitions and groups campaigning on a range of issues from poverty , inequality and jobs , to war , climate change and capitalism .
There have been reports that banks and other financial institutions could be targeted in violent protests .
British officials have put a huge security operation in place .
' We wo n't pay ' Before the London summit , Mr Brown has been visiting a number of countries trying to rally support for his economic plans .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In Chile on Friday he said people should not be " cynical " about what could be achieved at the summit , saying he was optimistic about the likely outcome .
But in an interview , German Chancellor Angela Merkel dampened expectations of a significant breakthrough .
She said one meeting would not be enough to solve the economic crisis and finish building a new structure for global markets .
In Berlin , thousands of protesters took to the streets on Saturday with a message to the G20 leaders : " We wo n't pay for your crisis . "
Another march took place in the city of Frankfurt .
The demonstrations attracted as many as 20,000 people .
In the Italian capital , Rome , several thousand protesters took to the streets .
In Paris , around 400 demonstrators dumped sand outside the stock exchange to mock supposed island tax havens .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. scientists said they have taken an important step toward making an artificial life form by making a ribosome -- the cell ’s factory .
The ribosome makes the proteins that carry out key business for all forms of life .
Messenger RNA carries DNA ’s genetic instructions to a cell ’s ribosome , which then cooks up the desired protein .
Every living organism from bacteria to humans uses a ribosome , and they are all strikingly similar .
It is not quite artificial life , but an important step in that direction , said George Church , a professor of genetics at Harvard Medical School , who directed the research with a single graduate student .
“ If you going to make synthetic life that is anything like current life ... you have got to have this ... biological machine , ” Church told reporters in a telephone briefing .
And it can have important industrial uses , especially for manufacturing drugs and proteins not found in nature .
Church stressed his research has not been published in a scientific journal , the usual route for reporting such work .
He presented it over the weekend to a seminar of Harvard alumni .
Church ’s group is not seeking to make life in a test tube , but instead to make designer proteins in lab dishes .
“ We can ... go straight into protein synthesis , ” he said .
Church and post - doctoral fellow Mike Jewett have already synthesized firefly luciferase -- the glowing stuff .
“ We ’d also like to make a whole new kind of cell ... which is a mirror image of a replicating system . ”
Most life forms are “ right - handed ” or “ left - handed , ” a quality called chirality .
Changing chirality is known to change the effects of drugs in the body .
For instance , thalidomide , once used to prevent morning sickness , causes severe birth defects .
It has left - and right - handed versions and only the “ left ” version caused the defects -- but the marketed drug contained both types .
It may be possible to make other proteins in a lab dish without using living cells , Church said .
These may include drugs that have been too hard to make now using a process called rational drug design , when drugs are built molecule by molecule to have a specific mechanism of action .
Viruses do not count as living organisms by most definitions , Church said , and to build the simplest form of artificial , but true life it would take 151 genes , he and other experts calculate .
“ One hundred fifty one genes would include enough genes to replicate DNA , produce RNA , produce ribosomes and have a very primitive membrane , ” Church said .
Genome pioneer Craig Venter is trying to make artificial life , using a company called Synthetic Genomics Inc .
They are working on projects including synthetic vegetable oil that could be used as clean - burning biofuel .
How to Fight the New World Order
by Wes Penre , Jan 24 , 2005
T he main reason that I put this web site on the World Wide Web was to show you what the ' reality ' we live in is really like , behind all lies , illusions , rumors and ignorance .
To have this knowledge is the first step in fighting the New World Order [ def ] .
But knowledge without wisdom is dangerous .
I see examples of that all the time ; good people who dug into this knowledge too deeply , and in their anger and despair did something they had n't thought through well enough .
Actions like that can put you in prison , or worse .
It also creates a bad reputation for those who are patiently and consistently dedicating their lives to educate and enlighten people .
The way to fight the New World Order is NOT with violence , no , not even peacefully .
The truth is , you can't fight the New World Order in this reality ; it 's doomed to fail .
Many have tried , but no one has succeeded .
The reason for this is the following , and this is my world view .
Take it for what it is ; agree or disagree , it 's up to you .
I am not trying to create yet another dogma or become some kind of guru .
That 's the last thing I want .
All I want is for you to read this whole article , ponder it and decide how much of it ( if any ) you perceive is ringing true to YOU and only take that to heart :
The reality we live in is commonly called the " 3rd dimension " or " 3rd density " , both terms used by me on this website interchangeably .
This is a very physical , non-spiritual and a very tough place to live in .
It is an imbalance of good and evil , where we ’ve let the pendulum swing more towards evil .
That is right , we did it to ourselves .
The Illuminati [ def ] would n't be able to exist if we would n't have let them get their way .
The New World Order would never have been an issue if we would n't have let it happen .
We created the 3rd dimension , as we shall see .
We are around 6 billion souls with bodies on this planet , and most of us have no clue what is going on around us , only because we have let ignorance substitute knowledge .
It is our own laziness and our own egos that have made this reality stick , and here we are .
It all boils down to personal responsibility , which is something that needs to be worked on constantly .
Therefore , it is much easier to let someone else take care of that part , so we do n’t have to bother …
In a reality where good and evil exist , we would like to find a balance between the two , and to expand spiritually , we need to tip over towards the positive side .
There is no such balance here , and this imbalance IS the 3rd dimension ( our reality ) .
This is the reality where good and evil are in constant battle , and evil is now ruling over good ; thus there is war , poverty , racism , violence , drugs and darkness and no or little progress towards a more positive than negative polarity .
We create our own reality by free choice ; it does n't matter how many people tell me otherwise , it is very self evident .
Everybody living on this planet have agreed upon the same reality , more or less - this is where we are in the spiritual evolution .
Otherwise we would n't experience the same things .
" Alpha Draco " .
Artwork by Nick Bockelman .
Click on the picture for enlargement .
© 2006 , Nick Bockelman .
All rights reserved Almost every second of the day we make choices .
These choices create our future , that is obvious .
You make a decision and something happens .
You make another decision and something else happens .
Then we make a new decision based upon the previous decision , and life goes on ; thus we create our own reality .
You could have made different choices , and your future would have been different .
How often have n't we thought : " Shoot !
I should have made a different decision and I would n't have been in this mess ! "
In a perfect world , you are free to make your own decisions , regardless of what other people are thinking , but we have come to a point where the majority will judge the ones that do not share the same opinion .
Also , most people think they are free to make their own decisions , and that no one else is seriously interfering with their thoughts .
This is simply not true .
The Illuminati have manipulated us for a very long time , and created a reality for us all to live in ; a reality THEY want us to believe in for their own reasons .
They do this in a number of different ways , as described elsewhere on this website .
The key here is that 95 % of the population ( a rough personal estimate ) does n't even know they are manipulated and are living with the illusion that they are free , and free thinkers .
Not true .
The brilliance of the Illuminati manipulation and the mass mind control is that we do n't know that we are under control .
Therefore , we can still make choices in life as much as we want , but all choices are limited to the reality we live in .
We can not make choices about something we do n't know .
Thus we can't develop spiritually until we understand that we are manipulated , and we must learn how the manipulation is set up , and by whom .
When we finally realize that this reality ( the 3rd dimension ) is an illusion and a creation of our manipulators ( and ultimately ourselves , as I will explain in more details later in this article ) , first then can we make choices that take us outside the prison walls .
But to do this one also has to be very brave .
It is extremely scary to disagree with other people and go your own way .
It can be a very lonely path to begin with .
Fear is what keeps us from seeing the truth in the first place , and fear keeps us from starting to walk the path in the opposite or different direction from the majority of people .
So some of us who started breaking out from the herd of sheep became scared and ran back into the fold again .
However , no one said it is an easy task to break loose , because if it was , most people would have done it already .
Nevertheless , it is absolutely necessary .
The alternative , unfortunately , is a Living Hell on Earth .
This 3rd dimension reality can not be changed by fighting evil with force ; per definition that only makes it worse and it will be even more of a hell to live in .
Can you fight evil with good ?
Peaceful demonstrations ?
By waking people up and then have those enlightened souls go out and fight the enemy ?
No , that would n't be very successful either .
That has already been tried quite a few times throughout history ; last time was perhaps in the 60's , with the hippie movement .
The intention was good , but the resistance was quite easily infiltrated and defeated by the Illuminati .
The hippie culture of the 60s was basically an Illuminati experiment that went out of hand , as people actually DID start breaking loose , but with not too much effort the manipulators managed to stop the movement .
After the 1960's , humanity sank down into an abyss of apathy and violence for a decade or two .
A new awakening has taken place again since the late 80's and up to now , but this time we need to do things differently and we 're running out of time .
To understand this situation better , let us ponder the following : The Spirit ( Soul ) :
The spirit and the soul are synonymous , and for simplicity I will commonly use the word " spirit " .
The spirit is immortal , and the spirit is YOU .
You are not your body and you are not your brain or you mind .
You are the SPIRIT .
Your body is your tool here in the 3rd dimension , and you need it to operate here .
However , the illusion of time , the agreed upon reality , deteriorates the body eventually .
We call it aging and after a certain perceived amount of time the body cannot function anymore , and it " dies " .
It 's all programmed into our DNA .
However , only the body dies , you do n't .
No matter what the Illuminati or anyone else is doing to you , no one can kill you .
They can destroy your body and torture your mind , but they can't kill YOU , the spirit .
This is very important to remember , because the Illuminati control us with FEAR and with TERROR .
They need to create threats around us , so we feel unsafe and fear for our lives , and the lives of our dear ones .
And to have us fear their threats , they need to have us believe that we are our bodies and that they can kill us .
This way they keep us in check .
So the first thing to do to fight the Illuminati is to realize that you are an immortal spirit , and no matter what they do to you , they can't kill you .
So , what about religion ?
Well , it does n't matter what you believe in , and I 'll explain why .
The darkness that is spreading out its veil over humanity can't be blamed on a few people in power , who are furiously trying to control the world ; we have no one to " blame " except ourselves : race and religion make no difference ; we all share the fact that we are HUMAN .
I also do n't like the word " blame " ; even if you " blame " yourself , the word is associated with guilt , which is a very destructive emotion .
Instead of blaming oneself or somebody else , we need to see everything that happens as a learning process , and as such , we have to allow ourselves and others to make mistakes - big or small - as long as we learn from them .
If we accept this , we also have an easier time loving and accepting each other .
Unconditional love .
Your belief system is secondary - the primary is unconditional love and acceptance of self and others as being part of the One Infinite Creator , whether you call " him " just that , God , Yahweh , Allah or whatever .
If you have this in mind and pick up the Bible , the Qur'an or any other Holy Scripture I can think of , you will see that they actually all say we are part of the One Infinite Creator .
If " He " created us and everything else that lives , we must be part of " Him " no matter what your belief system is .
There is no way around it .
The greatest threat to all humanity lies within each one of us ; we are creating our reality together , and we are all responsible for the outcome .
If the world goes dark , we created darkness ; if the Earth turns into a paradise , we created light , and we all can take credit for it .
If we do the latter , we will also ascend to higher dimensions / densities .
Consequently , if the Illuminati remain in power , they do so because we put them there in the first place , or allowed them to put themselves there ; they are just a mirror of all our consciousness .
Death :
They have also trained us to fear death .
They want us to believe one of a few things :
1 ) This life is all there is .
When you die , you are gone and there is nothing more to it ( atheism ) .
2 ) There is a Heaven and there is a Hell .
This is only true if we believe it is true .
The Christian belief in Heaven and Hell is another way to control us .
By telling us there is an Eternal Fire after death if you do n't choose " the right path " is a way to scare us and lead is into another dogma .
3 ) Believe whatever you want as long as it does n't make you free .
The Illuminati created all those religions and cults to divide and conquer , to turn man against man in religious wars , and to create a problem , making us ignorant of what is true and what is not .
By confusing people with different belief systems , the population is less likely to find their way out of the trap .
There is no Hell , except the one we are creating for ourselves , and Heaven is something different from what we 're taught .
They also realized a long time ago that you can't just create ONE idea and expect everybody to embrace it ; you have to have choices .
They do n't mind us having choices , so long as all our choices lead to nowhere .
To understand Heaven and Hell we have to understand who or what God is .
God :
God is not a man in the sky with a long , white beard .
God is not a man at all , and not a woman either .
God is sexless , God is the Life Energy .
God is EVERYTHING ; it is the Universe , it is you , me , the animals , the flowers , the atoms - everything that is .
Because everything is energy .
You are part of the Life Force or Life Energy , and therefore you can create your own reality .
If you are an aware being , maybe your next question will be : " So if I can create my own reality , why am I here in the 3rd dimension , suffering together with the rest of the world ?
I want a better life for myself , so why can't I get it ? "
Most of us are here because we agreed to come to this reality - basically to learn .
It 's a tough lesson , because this is also the reality of deception , and you really have to crawl through a needle 's eye to find your path .
Once here , we are manipulated to believe that this reality is all there is .
And when you give birth to children , you will probably teach them the same thing you were taught , directly or indirectly , unwittingly denying them the truth that there are more and different realities .
You may be religious and teach your children about religion , but they will still be stuck in the agreed upon reality we discussed in the beginning of this article .
Another possibility why you are here is that you chose to come here to help humanity out , to help those who want to listen , to learn how to evolve enough to leave the 3rd dimension for good .
Now , what happens after death ?
Reincarnation :
If the above is true , simple math tells us that spirits reincarnate over and over again , until we learn our lessons and rise above the trap of good and evil , body and soul , materialism and ignorance .
There is almost no other choice than to reincarnate , because of the fact that we create our own reality , and if we think that the 3rd dimension is all there is , many people will do everything in our power to take another body and incarnate in it , at least until they learn the lesson .
I say " almost no other choice " , because it all depends on our beliefs and how stuck we are in our dogmas .
When your body " dies " and you , the soul or spirit , separate yourself from the shell that is your body , you will experience pure joy at first , feel a relief and happiness you were never able to experience in the material world , like you have been chained to your imperfect body and now you are free - this has been proven by studying people who were dead for a short time and then came back .
This is your native state , and if you are aware , you can choose what lessons you need to learn next , perhaps participate in other games on other levels , but only if you are enlightened enough .
Most people choose to reincarnate after have " rested " in between lives , also because they miss things in the material world ; it could be loved ones or simply material assets .
Now , if you believe that you are evil and start thinking that you probably will go to Hell , that may be the reality you will experience .
So in that sense the concept of Hell is true .
Again , if everything is energy , you , in your native state , can create the reality you want .
So be careful what you think !
To choose wisely , you need to be wise .
The way to break the cycle of reincarnation is to be more aware spiritually and thus transform from the 3rd dimension to the next , and then to the next etc. , and eventually experience what we may call Heaven , where no good and evil exists , only pure ENERGY , from which love emits ; all the rest is the illusion .
Unconditional love is equivalent to the soul .
Unfortunately , the fear that has been implanted in us since birth prevents us from moving on " between lives " .
We are afraid of the " unknown " , or rather the realities we have forgotten about , and therefore we decide to return to planet Earth ( Dimension 3 ) , by taking a new body here .
It is an endless cycle , unless we choose to be brave and break it .
To be able to do that we first have to learn our lessons .
What about Jesus , and what about the Book of Revelations ?
Jesus most probably existed .
There are researchers today that say Jesus is a myth , and that there was never a Jesus walking around on Earth .
What they mostly build their evidence on is the similarities between Jesus ' life and the life of earlier real or mythological figures in different cults and religions , and occult gods and goddesses .
According to those stories , Jesus was not the only " savior " born around Christmas and killed around Easter .
He was not the only one that had twelve disciples and died on a cross .
Just do a search for " Mithra " on the Internet .
They also refer to the occult symbolism in the Bible , and determine that Jesus must be a symbolic person , a creation of the Illuminati .
Then they throw out the baby with the bath water , instead of perhaps looking a little deeper .
I am certain ( and there is evidence of this , discussed elsewhere on my website ) that the Illuminati has tampered with the Bible and changed it into an occult dogma to control us .
They have also , through their Freemasonic " Christian " Priests and Preachers throughout time told us to take the Bible literally , when they know so well that it 's written in code , and they do n't want ordinary people to understand the secrets behind those codes .
However , nothing of this excludes that Jesus as a being was here on Earth , trying to enlighten us .
The Illuminati have changed the story , trying to tell us that Jesus was the One Son of God , which separates the rest of us from the God Energy and make us less powerful .
I do n't believe Jesus ever said he was the ONLY son of God.
Yes , he was a son of God just like the rest of us , but otherwise , he was a spiritually enlightened being who chose to come here to teach us something .
Some people may call him an " Ascended Master " .
I am sure he is not the only Ascended Master who has walked this Earth trying to enlighten us , and there are quite a few indications that some of these beings are actually here on Earth right now in an effort to guide us in the right direction .
This is also the basic belief of the New Age movement , and I believe that to be true , but New Age in general is just another controlled movement to lead us astray .
Also , we live in a mathematical Universe , where numbers and symbols actually mean something .
If these ascended masters had twelve disciples , you can safely presume there is power in that number .
One of the deceptions in the Bible , as I see it , is the Book of Revelations .
The Christians teach that this is the outcome , written in stone .
Therefore , no " true Christians " believe we should change anything , because what is written in the Book of Revelations is what is going to happen - it is God 's will , and we can do nothing , and should do nothing about it .
All we should do is to do our ministry and lead people to Christ ; this is the solution and the ONLY solution .
It is obvious that what is written in the Book of Revelations IS happening all around us ; we can quote from the Book and look around and we will see that the Book appears to be correct .
This viewpoint is the exact viewpoint the Illuminati wants us to have .
This way they can operate more freely to achieve THEIR goals , and those believing that the Book of Revelations is the future are stuck in this reality , together with them .
To me it is obvious that the Book of Revelations is ONE direction the future can take , but it is up to ourselves if we want to experience that reality or if we want to change path , because everything is ENERGY and we are able to control energy if we know how .
However , by telling us through a man-made religion that this is the ONLY outcome , it serves the Illuminati well .
It is pretty well built into our common consciousness by now and solidly agreed upon that these writings are true prophecies and dictated by God , and if enough people believe in something , it is likely to happen .
The Illuminati know this , and therefore , if we believe that the Book of Revelations and other similar writings are prophecies and the outlined future , it will only serve the oppressors .
However , there is one thing I agree on with the Book of Revelation , and that is that we have to ' turn to God ' as a solution .
The difference between my way of seeing it and the Bible 's " literal " way of explaining it is that as a Christian you separate yourself from God ( pure energy ) while I insist that we need to realize we are ONE with this Energy - we ARE God Energy .
If we continue separate ourselves from ONE , we will not make any progress , but are nothing more than leaves in the wind , blowing to wherever the wind decides to take us .
Another deception , as I see it , is that everybody is born in sin and therefore Man is not good , but basically evil .
The " true Christians " base this upon the heritage from the Garden of Eden , and I can understand it from that viewpoint , if you believe in the O.T. ( The Jewish Torah ) .
However , by stressing this and giving power to Man 's evil side creates a very unhealthy balance .
Man is BOTH good and evil , there is no argument about that , but to stress that a child is born in sin and is basically evil , pulls up the bad sides in the individual rather than the good side , and those who believes this to be true will live their lives in GUILT , which is very destructive .
Ponder this : EVERY time you are doing something good for somebody else and you see the result in form of happiness and satisfaction in the other person , you feel really good yourself .
You become happy too .
I dare say that THE MOST REWARDING thing you can do to feel good is to do something good for others without expecting ANYTHING back !
On the contrary , when you do evil against somebody , you feel bad and try to justify your evil behavior by blaming somebody else - you never need to justify your good deeds , not to yourself or others .
People who have fallen so deep that they do n't have any conscience anymore are not happy people .
They may not feel guilt or remorse , but they are NOT happy people .
I do n't know how else to explain this ; I find it pretty self - evident that Man prefers to do good - basically - before doing evil .
Consequently , I believe that on a very high spiritual level there is no good or evil , only UNCONDITIONAL LOVE , which is a very euphoric state of beingness .
To understand all this a little better , let 's take a look at the concept of time .
Time :
Time is not linear , as we are taught to believe .
In the third dimension it appears to be so , but this is yet another illusion .
All time exists simultaneously .
There is no past and there is no future .
Everything is a big NOW .
We all have , more or less , an infinity of options in life .
We make decisions almost every second of our day .
The decisions can be simple or they can be more complex .
A simple decision could be : should I eat the banana or not ?
You choose to eat it , but you could have chosen not to as well .
Depending on your decision , you create a reality based on that specific decision , and your future in the 3rd dimension will be affected by it .
Therefore it is extremely important to try not to think negative thoughts , because you may end up where the negative thoughts lead you .
Therefore the quote : " Be careful what you wish for , because you may end up getting it ! " .
You may state : " What did I tell you ?
I told you all this negative stuff would happen to me , and look at this - I was right ! "
Yes , you were right , because YOU made it happen with your thought patterns ( energy ) .
To be aware that all your decisions in life create your present and future , the way time is perceived here , you can start taking steps to change your direction .
Just by deciding you do n't want to be part of the New World Order is the first step on this level of awareness .
From there we need to start searching for wisdom .
Wisdom :
Now we have the knowledge , where and how do we find wisdom ?
Do we need a guru ?
No. Wisdom is within ourselves , because we already know everything , due to that we are all part of the God Energy .
We just need to be reminded .
Meditation is a good tool towards enlightenment .
Another is to read and learn from the spiritually enlightened beings who are here around us right now , and from those of the past .
Read , ask questions and learn , but remember : the truth is within yourself - whomever you read or ask questions is only a tool for you to remember what you already know - follow your instincts .
Your intuition is senior to your intellect .
This is not done in one day ; it 's a process .
Nevertheless , it 's the only way to avoid being part of the future of the 3rd dimension .
In this reality evil will prevail ; it 's up to each of us to decide whether we want to be part of this future or not .
Music :
This is an interesting topic .
Ever since I was 12 or 13 years old I have talked to friends and people about how I perceive the physical universe to have been created with music , and that there are still echoes of those giant symphonies from the creation emitting from the endless galaxies , nebulas , stars and planets .
If we could place ourselves outside or " above " this perceived physical universe , we might be able to hear those great symphonies for what they really are - beautiful vibrations .
I had n't read or heard any scientists confirming what I told people ; I just felt it was right !
Not until very recently have I started hearing about how science claims that matter is made up by resonance from musical notes .
Different note patterns create different formation of matter .
This means that music and sound actually hold matter together , but also dissolves matter , depending on how , and what we play and how we perform it .
Therefore music can be spiritual or very " down to earth " " matter " ialistic and solid .
If music is such a basic thing in the whole creation , is this why music is so important to us humans ?
Even animals and plants react to music .
My dog LOVES when I play the guitar , for example .
Keith Richards , the Rolling Stones guitar player , was once asked where he got all those great songs from , and he answered the reporter that all those songs were already there " in the air " .
You just have to be sensitive and pick them up .
I think there is a lot of truth in that .
I believe that when we compose music , we do pick up what is out there in the universe and we " borrow " from what is already there ( without knowing that we do so ) .
Even great composers like Mozart and Beethoven were probably not able to pick up more than a fragment of what is possible to pick up from the myriads of galaxies , and create great music from .
Still , they created all these beautiful symphonies .
Then imagine what is actually POSSIBLE to create on a higher spiritual level !
Love :
True love is unconditional .
This means that you give without expecting anything back .
Not because you HAVE to due to " that 's what they say you should do " , but because it comes from your heart to do so .
It 's easy to ' pretend ' practicing this principle , but much harder to do it without ego , jealousy and expectation .
Nevertheless , this is exactly what we need to start working on , because by giving love to others , you automatically give love to yourself , as we are all ONE .
If everybody practiced this principle , no one would go hungry , no one would suffer and everybody would have what they need to ascend to higher spiritual existences .
" Do not pretend you can love others until you realize them as being one with yourself . "
Nisargadatta Maharaj Summary :
There is only one solution to the New World Order problem and the suffering in the 3rd dimension , and the solution is spiritual .
It is what YOU see , perceive and experience that is true for you .
When you enlighten people around you by showing them how the 3rd dimension " reality " is constructed , and by pointing out the way to get out of it , you really do the best you can .
Some people will listen and find their own path , similar or dissimilar to yours , others will not and will stay in the reality they are in - at least for now .
Do n't try to force your reality upon others , let each of us find our own journey .
Just tell them what you know and perceive , as an inspiration .
I do n't mean that we should die and take the " easy way out " from the problem , that is not the way it works .
The 3rd dimension will always exist as long as there are souls keeping it in place .
The way to change things is to change yourself from within .
When you see things change around you to the better , it is actually YOU that is changing .
If one day you notice that the New World Order is no longer around it is because YOU changed , not the environment .
The New World Order at that point STILL EXISTS , but not on the spiritual level YOU are .
When this happens , you have done all you can , and the people you see around you in the " New World " without the Illuminati , are the people who followed a similar path .
Very important : Like I have said elsewhere on this web site , do n't believe everything because I say so .
It is YOUR path and you need to decide which way you want to go and how to get there .
Then there is another extremely important and essential part in becoming free : we must learn to always listen to our conscience !
We all know inside what is right and what is wrong for us personally , and we have to choose to live , as best as we can , after what we feel is right .
The great philosopher , Mahatma Gandhi once said : " You must be the change you want to see in the world " [ ref ] .
This short quote actually summarizes much of what is covered in this article .
If we follow this rule , we will much easier reach higher realms of existence ; realms far more spiritual than this one .
I am not saying it is easy , but compared with living under unimaginable slavery , the effort is well worth it .
We all will realize this sooner or later , but I prefer sooner .
Additional Notes About Christianity ( FEBRUARY 25 , 2006 )
Many people have emailed me and asked me if I am a Christian , or if not - why ?
This whole thing does not make sense if it is not a battle between God and Satan , they say .
I am going to try and answer these questions now .
First of all I want Christians who read my site to know that I am not " anti-Christian " more than I am " anti-Islam " , " anti- Hindu " , " anti- Jew " or whatever .
As a fact , I rub shoulders with many Christians in our common effort to expose the New World Order .
I am not trying to attack any religion , and to me Christianity is just another religion .
I will try to explain why .
I think the Bible is a great book if you interpret it correctly .
I notice how my own understanding of and interest in the Bible has increased with my own spiritual experiences and knowledge .
In the past I could n't make sense of it , because it simply did not make sense in a literal way .
But now , when I believe I am much more spiritually aware , I can read between the lines and to some extent understand the code it 's written in .
Therefore , I now find it being a wonderful , useful scripture , although it has been tampered with , and by translating it from Hebrew much of its power has diminished .
I am sure , though , that the Illuminati ( read the Vatican ) do have the most genuine version at hand for themselves and have left the tampered ones for us to use .
King James and his Illuminati puppets did a good job with altering the Scripture , turning it into the King James ' Version .
Christians need to understand that King James was of Illuminati bloodline and lived under the motto : " The Divine Right of Kings [ to rule ] " , which stems from an old Illuminati concept and is a basic doctrine of theirs , and the reason for their interbreeding .
More about this elsewhere on my website .
I believe there is a Great Design to this and other Universes , and that there is a divine source behind it all and we are part of it , not separated from it .
Some people accuse me for being " New Age " , but they have no idea how old " New Age " is .
Still , I do n't embrace the New Age movement , although there is more truth in it than in many other places .
The reason for this is that the movement is heavily infiltrated , making people believe they are free when they are not .
I believe we create our own reality on different levels ( dimensions - see beginning of this article ) [ 1 ] .
Therefore we experience our reality due to what we agree upon as being the reality .
I also believe that everything is energy , and what we create with this energy every micro-second of our lives on a collective level is what becomes " reality " .
Still , above all this , I have this feeling that there is a Divine Source of some kind , too complex for us humans to comprehend here in the third dimension [ 2 ] .
* * * ( I want to thank my dear Canadian friend , who opened up my eyes in some areas , and also thanks to my soul brother Tim Buckley , a wonderful spiritual musician and composer , who has helped me spiritually by sharing his wonderful music with me .
Tim left us already in 1975 , but like any genius , he was ahead of his time and quite misunderstood ) .
Tim Buckley
For more information on this subject , see also my article : " The Holographic Universe - Beyond Matter " .
Footnote : [ 1 ]
Another thing I 've stressed since I was very young is that there MUST be an almost infinite number of Universes , because as soon as we stand at the crossroads to make a decision ( which happens to us all many , many times on a daily basis ) there are two or more options to choose between , and it is always a mental decision we have to make , and mental and spiritual decisions are senior to the physical universe .
In this reality we choose to go in ONE specific direction with every decision , but with each and every choice we make we create alternative universes , where we chose to go in the other direction (s ) , based on the crossroads we stood before .
This means that we exist in an unbelievable amount of universes at the same time , but you , who read this , are only aware of the specific path you 've chosen so far , in THIS reality .
In other universes you made other decisions , which led to different events and in the long run totally different lives .
Imagine my surprise when I noticed that fairly recently scientists who research in the field of quantum physics have come to the EXACTLY same conclusion ( !)
The most recent article I read on this can be found here on my website : Multiple Universes : The Evidence Is Good ( May 16 , 2006 ) .
When I was young and promoted this idea , I had never heard anyone else talk about this .
The sense moral of all these revelations is that we HAVE to trust our intuition .
Intuition is SENIOR to logic and intelligence .
Even Albert Einstein once said : " The intellect has little to do on the road to discovery .
There comes a leap in consciousness , call it intuition or what you will , and the solution comes to you , and you do n't know how or why . " [ 2 ]
I wrote another article , as an expansion on the discussion on dimensions , about who or what is REALLY controlling us on a level beyond the physical universe .
This article is actually backed up by science .
Please see : The Holographic Universe - Beyond Matter
Important Definitions : [ i ] ^
The word Illuminati means 1 .
People claiming to be unusually enlightened with regard to a subject .
2 . Illuminati : Any of various groups claiming special religious enlightenment .
Latin ill min t , from pl. of ill min tus , past participle of ill min re , to light up .
See illuminate .
These definitions are taken from " The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language " .
Like the definitions say , any group which considers itself " enlightened " could rightfully call itself the Illuminati .
So is also the case .
If you google " The Illuminati " , you will find quite a few groups claiming this name .
It can be confusing , so before we continue , I want to make very clear that the Illuminati we are discussing here is NOT a benevolent secret society who wants to create peace and harmony in this world by helping to bring freedom to the people .
Such a benevolent group DOES exist and happens to call themselves " The Illuminati " , and is actually the original group using this name .
They have been working behind the scenes for a very long time to help humanity free themselves from the chains we have been stuck in for thousands of years .
Unfortunately , the Powers That Be , the evil puppet masters running this show on war and destruction , infiltrated the truth movement already in an early stage by adopting the term Illuminati to describe themselves , thus using the same name as the original benevolent group .
This to further confuse the matter .
Now , almost all researchers ( including myself ) have adopted the term " Illuminati " to describe the Dark Side , and by doing so , we have to a certain degree unwittingly helped discrediting the benevolent group with this original name and made it harder for them to get the job done .
Therefore , I will let this definition follow each and every article posted on this website from now on in an effort to try to clear up the confusion .
I apologize that so many people now have mixed up the groups , and I have partly , but ignorant to this fact until recently , been responsible for that .
The point is that the Illuminati I am exposing here is the super - rich Power Elite with an ambition to maintain the slave society they have been working so hard to accomplish over the millennia ! [ ii ] ^
The term " New World Order " , just like the term " Illuminati " , has been used by at least two different groups , meaning basically two different things : 1 ) A goal to put an end to the current Order ( called " The Old World Order " - OWO ) , which is considered evil and anti-survival , and therefore the current power elite needs to be overthrown and their Old World Order to be destroyed and replaced with a benevolent " New World Order " .
The goal is a humanity - friendly One World Government .
The means putting an end to the current Old World Order with violence , if necessary .
Personally , I do n't agree with using violence to stop the Old World Order , as I am more into a spiritual solution ( see elsewhere on my website ) , but I want to make my readers aware of that there IS a group calling themselves " The Illuminati " , who want to replace the current Old World Order ( the Rothschilds , Rockefellers etc. ) with a benevolent New World Order , where people are no longer slaves to this Power Elite .
2 ) A goal to create a micro-chipped society , so that they more easily can maintain the current Order that they have created throughout the millennia .
This is the " New World Order " the Bush's , the Rockefellers , the Rothschilds , Gordon Brown , Henry Kissinger , Zbigniew Brzezinski and others are supporting and working on maintaining .
This is also the " New World Order " I am fighting against via this website .
Just like in the case with the term " Illuminati " , this second group has confused researchers and truth seekers by using the basically benevolent term " New World Order " for their negative and malevolent goals .
This has made it harder for the Resistance to operate , because both " The Illuminati " and the " New World Order " have been used as a propaganda for the Dark Side and everything connected to these two terms now are perceived as negative .
If we really look at it , it 's nothing " new " with what this Power Elite officially calls the " New World Order " , but no more than an effort to hold on to the Old World Order they have already created .
I hope this to some degree makes things clearer .
Not only HP2 - Z15 training practice test but also 70 - 448 exam guide , all testking HP0 - P20 study material is available at affordable prices .
You can also download testking OG0 - 092 dumps and testking ST0 - 91W Certification dumps audio exam very easily .
© Copyright Illuminati News , http://www.illuminati-news.com.
Permission to re-send , post and place on web sites for non-commercial purposes , and if shown with no alterations or additions .
Excerpts from the article are allowed , as long as they do not distort the concept of the same article .
This notice must accompany all reposting .
Last Updated :
Tuesday , November 01 , 2011 06:58:48 PM
In the post - apocalyptic world of Logan ’s Run , humans live out cramped lives in a bunker .
Because of the crowded conditions , all citizens must submit to Carnival on their 30th birthdays .
What do you do on your Carnival day ?
You and all the other 30 year olds spiral up into the air and get zapped to death .
Sound like a bad deal ?
It gets worse .
The radiation outside has long since subsided , and the rules being enforced are no longer necessary .
I ’ve been immersed in JavaScript for the last few years .
Every time I ’ve read about JavaScript ’s bit operations ( and it has a very nice set of ops ) , I ’ve been warned that they are “ a hack , ” and “ slow . ”
This has always bummed me out .
I love bits .
But I got to thinking the other day , all these warnings sound like a sort of a Logan ’s Run passed - down message from days gone by .
With all the cool things that have been going on with JavaScript lately ( thanks to Google ’s V8 and the various JIT subsystems going into browsers ) , maybe , just maybe , bitwise operations have sped up enough to be worthwhile .
Since some of the JIT compilers are doing type inference , a series of bit operations could , in theory , be done at full speed , without costly implicit type conversions .
Who Needs Bits ?
When I started programming ( on 8 - bit processors ) , I mostly worked with integers .
When floating point numbers became available , I avoided them for years because they were slow .
We did as much math as we could with integers and bit operations .
Shift left once , and that ’s a multiplication by 2 .
If you wanted to multiply by 10 , you ’d do a shift left by one ( times two ) and a shift left by 3 ( times eight ) and add those results together .
You would n’t do math like that any more , but bits are still good as flags .
A single JavaScript number ( when treated bitwise ) can hold 32 boolean flags !
Here ’s what I found out .
Just about everything I tried was faster with bitwise operations than with other solutions ( even in Internet Explorer ) .
No , you ca n’t usefully replace one multiplication with a series of adds and shifts , but by no means are bitwise operators too slow to be useful .
k=~~i ; // this is much faster k=Math.floor( i ) ; // than this
You can lop off the decimal part of a number not just with ~~ , but with ^0 and < < 0 , too .
And they are ALL significantly faster , in all modern major browsers , than calling Math.floor ( ) .
// break a number in the range 0-65535 into // low and high bytes // this is significantly faster lo = i & 255 ; hi = i >>
8 ; // than this lo = i % 256 ; hi = ( i - lo ) / 256 ;
Do n’t discriminate against JavaScript ’s bitwise operators .
But keep these things in mind …
You have 32 bits to work with when you treat a JavaScript variable as bits .
And that top bit is a sign bit ( meaning any number with that top bit set is a negative number ) .
Do n’t mistake bitwise for logical operators .
Learn the difference between “ - ” and “ ~ ” .
Remember that >> shifts the sign bit down while >>> shifts a zero into the top bit .
My favorite place to learn about JavaScript bitwise facilities is here : Bitwise Operators .
When should you be using bitwise operators ?
Obviously , when you want to pack a bunch of flags into one variable .
That should be much faster than having an array of flags .
Dealing with the red , blue , and green parts of a color call out for bitwise operators .
And think about using a shift when you want to multiply or divide by a power of 2 , while at the same time converting a floating point number into an integer .
Two operations for the price of one !
When Toronto lawyer Brian Ludmer speaks about the suffering caused by parental alienation , the words come from his head and his heart .
He 's seen the devastation of a mother 's orchestrated campaign to make her children hate their father , or how a dad can use a 4 - year - old as a weapon against his mother in the ugly aftermath of divorce .
Ludmer is , by training , a corporate lawyer .
But he 's being " swamped " by desperate parents looking for help reconnecting with their children .
" Experts in this field will tell you that they 've never met a lawyer who understands this the way that I do , " says Ludmer .
That 's because he 's also lived it .
" Parental alienation is a plague .
It 's rampant out there , " says Ludmer , 48 , who declined to talk about his own case for fear of upsetting his children .
" This stuff has been going on for a hundred years .
It 's just that now it has a name . "
Later this month , Ludmer will address the first international conference on parental alienation in Toronto .
He 'll join the growing chorus of parents , judges , lawyers , social workers and mental health professionals who believe the courts are ill - equipped to deal with " toxic " parents .
" Canada seems to be a hotbed of parental alienation court activity , " says Amy Baker , a New York - based researcher who 's written two books , one chronicling the emotional suffering that travels in parental alienation 's wake .
" I think there are some very brave judges who are willing to really think through the implications of alienation and really try to deal with it .
" The bottom line is that to turn a child against a parent is to turn a child against himself . "
Two months ago , a Toronto judge stripped a mother of custody of her three daughters after a decade - long campaign to keep the kids from their father .
She was ordered to pick up the tab for a U.S. program aimed at helping the girls , ages 9 to 14 , reconnect with their dad .
This week , an 18 - year - old from Mississauga asked to be awarded custody of his two younger brothers caught up in a decade of family " warfare . "
He also asked that parental alienation experts , such as psychologists Randy Rand and Richard Warshak , be forbidden from further contact with the boys .
He called programs , such as their controversial Family Workshop for Alienated Children , " voodoo science . "
But there 's so much concern about the snail 's pace of the overloaded family court system and the lack of treatment facilities in Canada that Ludmer has been working with a group of professionals on plans for Toronto 's first Family Reunification Clinic .
They hope to have the facility open within a year , offering treatment based on the work of Rand and Warshak .
" The most important part ( of undoing alienation ) is the after care , " says Ludmer , who 's handled more than 50 parental alienation cases in the last four years .
" We do n't want to be bundling kids on a plane and sending them off to the United States .
This will make it easier and less disruptive to get the whole family the help they need . "
The planned centre is sure to set off a storm of controversy among those who consider Warshak and Rand 's work cult - like " deprogramming " and question whether Parental Alienation Syndrome is n't just an excuse for bad , or even abusive , parents .
" I think the therapy often does way more harm than any so - called parental alienation could do .
It demoralizes kids , it makes them feel like they 're not being listened to and involved .
It demeans them , " says Joyanna Silberg of the U.S. - based Leadership Council on Child Abuse & Interpersonal Violence , a group of health professionals .
" One of the reasons this is so controversial is because it 's become an industry – a money - making industry – where purveyors of these so - called therapies and evaluation procedures are using things that the scientific community does n't automatically accept , but know that judges are accepting in court to affect children 's lives in an extreme way . "
Veteran family court judge Harvey Brownstone sums up the growing debate best : " The jury is still out on the whole issue of parental alienation .
When a child adamantly refuses to see a parent , it is not easy to know why .
It could be they 're bored , or that they do n't like the parent 's new partner .
The situation is usually layered and complex . "
If there is a growing certainty about one thing , it 's that these cases need to be dealt with quickly .
" Time is the enemy of the alienated parent , " says Baker , whose book Breaking the Ties that Bind , chronicles the difficult lives of 40 adults who were alienated as children .
Since the books , she 's met hundreds of others , including one who went as far as plastic surgery to wipe out the shame of looking like his father .
" These cases should be fast - tracked because alienating parents exploit the ability for the courts to delay things to their benefit .
The more time they have with the kid , the more time that kid is going to resist reconciliation . "
Veteran family law lawyer Jeffery Wilson – who was involved in Ontario 's first court case around alienation in 1981 and is representing the Mississauga teen fighting for his brothers – believes it 's time for more drastic measures .
It 's been estimated that some 60 per cent of litigants in " high - conflict " divorces suffer from personality disorders that can turn a discussion of " Who gets the kids for Christmas ? " into a months - long power struggle marked by what Ludmer calls " bad messaging and bad - mouthing . "
Wilson is calling for a government - funded " High - Conflict Response Team " that could step in before these cases hit the courts .
They would have the power to sort out complex disputes , impose binding judgments and get the kids – and their parents – counselling and treatment .
Family Solutions is a North York - based team of well - respected psychologists and social workers who started meeting five years ago to compare notes on difficult cases .
Now they offer everything from mediation to intensive counselling in high - conflict divorces .
They 've seen a significant growth in parental alienation and have had some success with clients who've worked with Rand and Warshak .
" There 's a lot of work we still need to do , " acknowledges Linda Chodos , a social worker with Family Solutions .
" We do n't yet have a lot of evidence - based research that shows what kind of intervention works best . "
Rand and Warshak are based in California and Texas respectively and , in the first phase of their workshop , meet the children and the alienated parent for " educational " sessions that can include simple outings where they start to get reacquainted .
( Rand apparently travelled to meet the siblings of the 18 - year - old in a Montreal hotel room , but their mother , who claims to have been alienated by the father , gave up a day later when they refused to participate in the four - day session . )
" It 's to give the child a break – a chance to catch his or her breath and to give them just a few days not to be torn between the two parents , " says Ted Horowitz , a veteran social worker with Family Solutions .
The alienator is brought in as part of the second part of the program , all of which is aimed at making them aware of the damage they are doing and the need to form a new partnership around parenting .
" There is no deprogramming and never has been , " says Jacqueline Vanbetlehem , a mental health therapist with Family Solutions .
" You have to really look at the circumstances of the family before you even recommend such a program .
Sometimes the court intervention is a relief to these children because they do n't have to choose ( between parents ) anymore . "
Warshak told the Ontario Bar Association 's annual meeting last month that 17 out of 21 children who have completed the " expensive " program have forged good relationships with the other parent that continue more than two years later .
The results are currently undergoing peer review .
" One of the misperceptions around this is that it 's meant to shift allegiances from one parent to the other , " says Horowitz .
" The idea is to balance the family – to pull them together .
Both parents need to be part of the treatment , and the children need to see their parents working together . "
If you have a hankering to join the ranks of the 50,000 + strong group of iPhone developers but you lack the motivation to learn the ins and outs yourself , Stanford University may have just the thing for you .
The school 's Computer Science Department will be posting materials from its 10 - week iPhone Application Programming course to iTunes U .
" There 's a lot of interest in the iPhone , " said Brent Izutsu , Stanford 's project manager for Stanford on iTunes U , in a statement .
" This course provides an excellent opportunity for us to show the breadth and depth of our curriculum and the innovation of our students . "
Videos of all the lectures , lead by Apple engineers , will be posted on iTunes U two days after each class meeting — the first should be available later this week .
The slides from the lectures will be available to download as well .
The school notes that the material will be the same that enrolled students get , but unfortunately , following the lessons via iTunes U wo n't make you eligible for college credit .
On the other hand , it might get you on your way to quitting your day job and making tons of cash .
Hey , it could happen .
BERKELEY , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) --
The excellent analysis of the smart - grid initiative by MarketWatch columnist Thomas Kostigen pointed out the obvious :
There may be more security issues than ever with a so - called smart grid controlling power distribution in the country .
The real likelihood that hackers can break into such a grid is actually not a possibility , but an inevitability .
What is always overlooked when these fancy initiatives are unveiled is the nature of the Internet .
Read Kostigen 's column .
What we need is a distribution system that relies on computer technology for management , but which is completely off the Net itself .
Nobody wants to do that .
It is crazy to put all of our eggs in one Internet basket , as the telecommunications scene worldwide is subject to too much hacking .
Even a non-Internet network cannot be secured .
This problem goes further than hackers online -- it goes to our overdependence on interconnectivity through common connections .
This week in the San Francisco Bay Area , the fiber - optic cable network was purposely sliced at four distinct locations .
Where a hacker cannot succeed , bolt cutters will do .
Read more in The Wall Street Journal 's Digits blog .
“ We all spent the last month fretting over the Conficker worm that was supposed to ruin the lives of millions on April 1 .
What was disturbing about the whole episode is that nobody had a clue as to what might happen . ”
Once the cables were cut , Internet service was flaky for the region and completely out for 50,000 customers .
On top of that , the landlines would not work and the cell - phone towers in the area went dead .
Does anyone find this sort of interdependency a little disconcerting ?
It is as if someone was testing the grid for either redundancy or failure points .
Much of the problem stems from the issues with technologies such as fiber optics .
They require a level of public trust to work , because the cables must be clearly marked to prevent public works and contractors from accidentally cutting them .
In most parts of the country , there are signs up and down highways , across bodies of water and even in cities marking the location of a fiber - optic line .
There are even maps of these things and where they are located .
How much work would it take to find some choke points that you could cut for the purposes of disrupting data communications in an area ?
How would this affect the so - called smart grid ?
The peculiar nature of the four cuts around the Bay Area indicated to me that someone was mapping how they would affect the region , keeping in mind that by cutting the cable in key areas you might be able to take down half the country .
If more cuts are made in the future , then someone is trying to reverse - engineer the network to find the most vulnerable points of disruption .
We all spent the last month fretting over the Conficker worm that was supposed to ruin the lives of millions on April 1 , but nothing came of it .
What was disturbing about the whole episode is that nobody had a clue as to what might happen .
Does this give anyone any confidence that the networked tech scene is in any way safe or secure ?
And what changed that led us to be so dependent on it ?
While taking a lot of things off the Internet might not be a bad idea , keeping them on any network running over the fiber - optic system may not be such a good idea either .
So unless something can be done to assure me that cables cannot be cut and the smart grid is safe from hackers , I would never support these schemes .
They put us all at too much risk .
Due to the lifting of the foreclosure moratorium at the end of March , the downward slide in housing is gaining speed .
The moratorium was initiated in January to give Obama ’s anti-foreclosure program — which is a combination of mortgage modifications and refinancing — a chance to succeed .
The goal of the plan was to keep up to 9 million struggling homeowners in their homes , but it ’s clear now that the program will fall well - short of its objective .
In March , housing prices accelerated on the downside indicating bigger adjustments dead ahead .
Trend lines are steeper now than ever before — nearly perpendicular .
Housing prices are not falling , they ’re crashing and crashing hard .
Now that the foreclosure moratorium has ended , Notices of Default ( NOD ) have spiked to an all - time high .
These Notices will turn into foreclosures in 4 to 5 months time creating another cascade of foreclosures .
Market analysts predict there will be 5 MILLION MORE FORECLOSURES BETWEEN NOW AND 2011 .
It ’s a disaster bigger than Katrina .
Soaring unemployment and rising foreclosures ensure that hundreds of banks and financial institutions will be forced into bankruptcy .
40 percent of delinquent homeowners have already vacated their homes .
There ’s nothing Obama can do to make them stay .
Worse still , only 30 percent of foreclosures have been relisted for sale suggesting more hanky - panky at the banks .
Where have the houses gone ?
Have they simply vanished ?
600,000 “ Disappeared Homes ” ?
Here ’s an excerpt from the SF Gate explaining the mystery :
Lenders nationwide are sitting on hundreds of thousands of foreclosed homes that they have not resold or listed for sale , according to numerous data sources .
And foreclosures , which banks unload at fire - sale prices , are a major factor driving home values down .
“ We believe there are in the neighborhood of 600,000 properties nationwide that banks have repossessed but not put on the market , ” said Rick Sharga , vice president of RealtyTrac , which compiles nationwide statistics on foreclosures .
“ California probably represents 80,000 of those homes .
It could be disastrous if the banks suddenly flooded the market with those distressed properties .
You ’d have further depreciation and carnage . ”
In a recent study , Realty Trac compared its database of bank - repossessed homes to MLS listings of for - sale homes in four states , including California .
It found a significant disparity — only 30 percent of the foreclosures were listed for sale in the Multiple Listing Service .
The remainder is known in the industry as “ shadow inventory . ”
( “ Banks are n’t Selling Many Foreclosed Homes , ” SF Gate )
If regulators were deployed to the banks that are keeping foreclosed homes off the market , they would probably find that the banks are actually servicing the mortgages on a monthly basis to conceal the extent of their losses .
They ’d also find that the banks are trying to keep housing prices artificially high to avoid heftier losses that would put them out of business .
One thing is certain , 600,000 “ disappeared ” homes means that housing prices have a lot farther to fall and that an even larger segment of the banking system is underwater .
Here is more on the story from Mr. Mortgage , “ California Foreclosures About to Soar… Again ” :
Are you ready to see the future ?
Ten ’s of thousands of foreclosures are only 1 - 5 months away from hitting that will take total foreclosure counts back to all - time highs .
This will flood an already beaten - bloody real estate market with even more supply just in time for the Spring / Summer home selling season . . .
Foreclosure start ( NOD ) and Trustee Sale ( NTS ) notices are going out at levels not seen since mid 2008 .
Once an NTS goes out , the property is taken to the courthouse and auctioned within 21 - 45 days … .
The bottom line is that there is a massive wave of actual foreclosures that will hit beginning in April that ca n’t be stopped without a national moratorium .
JP Morgan Chase , Wells Fargo and Fannie Mae have all stepped up their foreclosure activity in recent weeks .
Delinquencies have skyrocketed foreshadowing more price - slashing into the foreseeable future .
According to the Wall Street Journal :
“ Ronald Temple , co-director of research at Lazard Asset Management , expects home prices to fall 22 % to 27 % from their January levels .
More than 2.1 million homes will be lost this year because borrowers can’t meet their loan payments , up from about 1.7 million in 2008 . ” ( Ruth Simon , “ The housing crisis is about to take center stage once again , ” Wall Street Journal )
Another 20 percent carved off the aggregate value of US housing means another $ 4 trillion loss to homeowners .
That means smaller retirement savings , less discretionary spending , and lower living standards .
The next leg down in housing will be excruciating ; every sector will feel the pain .
Obama ’s $ 75 billion mortgage rescue plan is a mere pittance ; it wo n’t reduce the principle on mortgages and it wo n’t stop the bleeding .
Policymakers have decided they ’ve done enough and are refusing to help .
They do n’t see the tsunami looming in front of them plain as day .
The housing market is going under and it ’s going to drag a good part of the broader economy along with it .
Stocks , too .
how long does xanax show up on drug tests buy xanax online no prescription 2 mg xanax and 3 beers
buy tramadol online cod tramadol cheap best high tramadol
street cost for soma order soma discount coupon for soma
effects of valium on fetus buy valium online valium online no rx
definicion ambiente segun varios autores buy ambien online is 10 mg of ambien enough to trip
standard dose of valium for anxiety buy valium effects of valium pills
sleep driving ambien and sleepwalking buy ambien online no prescription cost of ambien cr with insurance
soma compound more drug_side_effects cheap generic soma where to buy aura - soma products
Posscon April 12 - 13 , 2016 / Columbia , SC A TECHNICAL CONFERENCE EXPLORING OPEN TECH AND THE OPEN WEB
Join the world ’s top developers , technologists and decision makers as we explore open source , open tech and the open web .
Two days of keynotes , talks , tutorials , workshops and networking opportunities in Columbia , SC .
Looking to Speak at POSSCON 2016 ?
Call For Speakers
POSSCON 2015 featured 40 world - class speakers and 850 attendees from 16 states and 3 countries .
Sign up to receive updates and news for the 2016 conference Sign Up
TAKING PLACE AT IT - OLOGY AND OTHER LOCATIONS IN THE HEART OF DOWNTOWN COLUMBIA .
Columbia was recently ranked 2nd and 4th in high tech job growth nationally , is the state capital , and has one of the best quality of life ratings in the U.S .
Tracks
Open 101 nossa aposta
A track for anyone wanting to know more about open source technology .
188 bet Security Casino Online Sicuri
Open technologies and methods used to better secure systems and software .
leovegas DevOps / Cloud Siti Scommesse Rapidly evolving concepts and technologies designed to quickly produce software products and services .
Operations 22 bet
Will focus on technologies enabling and impacting system operation and configuration .
Back End Development betway portugal
Will focus mostly on the technologies programmers use like PHP , Python , Ruby and the like .
Front End Development betano
The tools and techniques required to create “ the front end ” .
Includes HTML , CSS , Javascript , jQuery , etc .
POSSCON 2016 is taking place just before ConvergeSE , one of the top design conferences in the world , and the Indie Grits Film Festival , a festival MovieMaker Mag called “ One of the 25 coolest in the world ” Read More ›
Mr Brown first proposed the idea of a National Youth Service last year Prime Minister Gordon Brown has pledged to ensure every young person has done 50 hours of community work by the time they are 19 years old .
Mr Brown said a promise to bring in compulsory community service would be a part of his next election manifesto .
Under the scheme , the work may include helping charities and is likely to become part of the school curriculum .
The scheme would be woven into plans to make everyone stay in education or training until the age of 18 by 2011 .
Mr Brown told the News of the World newspaper : " It is my ambition to create a Britain in which there is a clear expectation that all young people will undertake some service to their community , and where community service will become a normal part of growing up in Britain .
' Clear accreditation ' " And , by doing so , the contributions of each of us will build a better society for all of us . "
The prime minister added : " That would mean young people being expected to contribute at least 50 hours of community service by the time they have reached the age of 19 .
" This will build on the platform provided by citizenship classes as they develop in our schools .
But because the greater part of what I envisage as community service takes place outside the school day , it will require the close involvement of local community organisations and charities . "
Mr Brown said the work would also be linked to a " clear system of accreditation " so that young people would be able mark their achievements gained through community work .
He added : " By building from compulsory citizenship studies in the 14 - 16 curriculum , we can create an expectation of national youth community service . "
Gordon Brown first proposed the idea of a National Youth Service to channel teenagers into voluntary work last year .
It is due to be formally launched in September , and would become compulsory if Labour were re-elected .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Steel shipping containers outlive their usefulness as cargo carriers within 5 years , and they used to sit abandoned at shipyards for years .
Now , they ’re gaining increasing recognition for their durability , adaptability , light weight , low cost and ease of stacking , spurring a recycling trend that has resulted in shipping container sculpture , homes , hotels , museums and more .
The possibilities are seemingly endless , as illustrated by these 15 amazing examples of cargo container reuse .
Housing
The simple , boxy shape of shipping containers makes them perfect for housing , whether creating a small recycled dwelling out of just one container or stacking multiple containers for a larger home or complex of small living spaces .
The Ecopod is a great example of just how easy it can be to transform a shipping container into a compact , modern , energy - efficient home .
It ’s easy to set up and relocate , has a small footprint and is surprisingly light and airy , with an entire wall made up of sliding glass doors .
The Ecopod is perfect for adding an extra bedroom to your home , or for use as an office or art studio .
The Illy Push Button House certainly does n’t look like much from the outside .
You ’d pass it without a second thought , if it were n’t for the little Illy flag sticking out .
But then , at the push of a button , something amazing happens – the whole thing unfolds into a chic , minimalist living space .
It ’s a five - room home with a kitchen , dining room , bedroom , living room and library .
London ’s ‘ Container City ’ and the University of Utrecht Student Housing are bright , colorful , cheery examples of large - scale cargo container complexes .
Container City relies on component pieces rather than units to create more livable , adaptable spaces while the Utrecht student housing complex takes the 1 container = 1 unit approach .
Hotels
Just as they can be artfully stacked and transformed into large housing complexes , shipping containers are perfectly suited for use as hotels .
The world ’s first shipping container hotel was built in Uxbridge , West London in 2008 .
The 8 - story Travelodge was built from 86 modified shipping containers , and the whole process was said by the company to be 25 percent faster and 10 percent cheaper than conventional hotel buildings .
A particularly ambitious shipping container building project is n’t yet a reality , but the concept looks incredible .
Morris Architects wants to turn abandoned oil rigs into ocean resorts , with the humble cargo container as a central building block to the designs .
4,000 soon - to - be deserted oil rigs would be converted in all , creating 80,000,000 square feet of living space out in the Gulf of Mexico .
Offices & Retail Buildings
( image via : Share Architecture )
It ’s almost two times as large as the Mall of America , but comparisons end there .
A giant makeshift mall just outside of Odessa , Ukraine is a sprawling complex of decaying shipping containers that have been stacked no higher than two stories , with narrow ladders offering the only way to get to the shops on top .
Known as the Seventh Kilometer Market , this complex is an example of shipping containers used simply because they were available , not for design or recycling purposes .
In stark contrast are the Stuttgart shipping container skyscraper concept and the PUMA shipping container store , two modern examples of old cargo containers upcycled into buildings that are both functional and beautiful .
German designer Lars Behrendt conceived of the skyscraper , made of 55 stacked containers , for use in a roundabout while the PUMA CITY retail structure is fully dismountable and travels around the world on a cargo ship .
Museums
When illuminated at night , it looks like a gigantic church .
The long hallways of the Nomadic Museum are n’t surrounded by stained glass and stone , however – the walls are made from , you guessed it , shipping containers .
The 45,000 square foot complex is a temporary structure that is regularly disassembled so that its fine art contents can be seen around the world .
The Container Art Project is another example of shipping containers enabling museum curators to take their shows on the road .
In this case , the containers are n’t just used to display sculpture , paintings and photography – they ’re also the setting for interactive performance art .
Art
You can slap a door on a used shipping container and call it a house or an office , but it takes a tiny bit more creativity to transform it into art .
These two shipping container sculptures show just how versatile this corrugated metal really is .
The first sculpture , created by a team of artists in Rotterdam , disassembled , folded and twisted pieces of a shipping container into a modern art sculpture .
The second example shows a piece of public art made from precariously stacked shipping containers in Yamashita Park , Yokohama , Japan .
Children ’s Centers
Four large shipping containers give kids in Melbourne , Australia a fun place to play .
The containers have been designed to create an activity center made entirely of durable , recycled and environmentally friendly materials .
The Fawood Children ’s Center in London features a bright , modern metal mesh exterior that encapsulates a stacked group of recycled shipping containers used as a nursery .
Three groups of three - story shipping containers are joined together by walkways , projecting balconies and staircases .
Jump to : 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945
1933
January 30 , 1933 - Adolf Hitler is appointed Chancellor of Germany a nation with a Jewish population of 566,000 .
February 22 , 1933 - 40,000 SA and SS men are sworn in as auxiliary police .
February 27 , 1933 - Nazis burn Reichstag building to create crisis atmosphere .
February 28 , 1933 - Emergency powers granted to Hitler as a result of the Reichstag fire .
March 22 , 1933 - Nazis open Dachau concentration camp near Munich , to be followed by Buchenwald near Weimar in central Germany , Sachsenhausen near Berlin in northern Germany , and Ravensbrück for women .
March 24 , 1933 - German Parliament passes Enabling Act giving Hitler dictatorial powers .
See also : The History Place - Rise of Hitler
April 1 , 1933 - Nazis stage boycott of Jewish shops and businesses .
April 11 , 1933 - Nazis issue a Decree defining a non-Aryan as " anyone descended from non-Aryan , especially Jewish , parents or grandparents .
One parent or grandparent classifies the descendant as non-Aryan ... especially if one parent or grandparent was of the Jewish faith . "
April 26 , 1933 - The Gestapo is born , created by Hermann Göring in the German state of Prussia .
May 10 , 1933 - Burning of books in Berlin and throughout Germany .
July 14 , 1933 - Nazi Party is declared the only legal party in Germany ; Also , Nazis pass Law to strip Jewish immigrants from Poland of their German citizenship .
In July - Nazis pass law allowing for forced sterilization of those found by a Hereditary Health Court to have genetic defects .
In September - Nazis establish Reich Chamber of Culture , then exclude Jews from the Arts .
September 29 , 1933 - Nazis prohibit Jews from owning land .
October 4 , 1933 - Jews are prohibited from being newspaper editors .
November 24 , 1933 - Nazis pass a Law against Habitual and Dangerous Criminals , which allows beggars , the homeless , alcoholics and the unemployed to be sent to concentration camps .
1934
January 24 , 1934 - Jews are banned from the German Labor Front .
May 17 , 1934 - Jews not allowed national health insurance .
June 30 , 1934 - The Night of Long Knives occurs as Hitler , Göring and Himmler conduct a purge of the SA ( storm trooper ) leadership .
July 20 , 1934 - The SS ( Schutzstaffel ) is made an independent organization from the SA .
July 22 , 1934 - Jews are prohibited from getting legal qualifications .
August 2 , 1934 - German President von Hindenburg dies .
Hitler becomes Führer .
August 19 , 1934 - Hitler receives a 90 percent ' Yes ' vote from German voters approving his new powers .
1935
May 21 , 1935 - Nazis ban Jews from serving in the military .
June 26 , 1935 - Nazis pass law allowing forced abortions on women to prevent them from passing on hereditary diseases .
August 6 , 1935 - Nazis force Jewish performers / artists to join Jewish Cultural Unions .
September 15 , 1935 - Nuremberg Race Laws against Jews decreed .
1936
February 10 , 1936 - The German Gestapo is placed above the law .
In March - SS Deathshead division is established to guard concentration camps .
March 7 , 1936 - Nazis occupy the Rhineland .
June 17 , 1936 - Heinrich Himmler is appointed chief of the German Police .
August 1 , 1936 - Olympic games begin in Berlin .
Hitler and top Nazis seek to gain legitimacy through favorable public opinion from foreign visitors and thus temporarily refrain from actions against Jews .
In August - Nazis set up an Office for Combating Homosexuality and Abortions ( by healthy women ) .
1937
In January - Jews are banned from many professional occupations including teaching Germans , and from being accountants or dentists .
They are also denied tax reductions and child allowances .
November 8 , 1937 - ' Eternal Jew ' travelling exhibition opens in Munich .
1938 Return to Top of Page
March 12/13 , 1938 - Nazi troops enter Austria , which has a population of 200,000 Jews , mainly living in Vienna .
Hitler announces Anschluss ( union ) with Austria .
In March - After the Anschluss , the SS is placed in charge of Jewish affairs in Austria with Adolf Eichmann establishing an Office for Jewish Emigration in Vienna .
Himmler then establishes Mauthausen concentration camp near Linz .
April 22 , 1938 - Nazis prohibit Aryan ' front - ownership ' of Jewish businesses .
April 26 , 1938 - Nazis order Jews to register wealth and property .
June 14 , 1938 - Nazis order Jewish - owned businesses to register .
In July - At Evian , France , the U.S. convenes a League of Nations conference with delegates from 32 countries to consider helping Jews fleeing Hitler , but results in inaction as no country will accept them .
July 6 , 1938 - Nazis prohibited Jews from trading and providing a variety of specified commercial services .
July 23 , 1938 - Nazis order Jews over age 15 to apply for identity cards from the police , to be shown on demand to any police officer .
July 25 , 1938 - Jewish doctors prohibited by law from practicing medicine .
August 11 , 1938 - Nazis destroy the synagogue in Nuremberg .
August 17 , 1938 - Nazis require Jewish women to add Sarah and men to add Israel to their names on all legal documents including passports .
September 27 , 1938 - Jews are prohibited from all legal practices .
October 5 , 1938 - Law requires Jewish passports to be stamped with a large red " J . "
October 15 , 1938 - Nazi troops occupy the Sudetenland .
October 28 , 1938 - Nazis arrest 17,000 Jews of Polish nationality living in Germany , then expel them back to Poland which refuses them entry , leaving them in ' No - Man 's Land ' near the Polish border for several months .
November 7 , 1938 - Ernst vom Rath , third secretary in the German Embassy in Paris , is shot and mortally wounded by Herschel Grynszpan , the 17 - year - old son of one of the deported Polish Jews .
Rath dies on November 9 , precipitating Kristallnacht .
November 9/10 - Kristallnacht - The Night of Broken Glass .
November 12 , 1938 - Nazis fine Jews one billion marks for damages related to Kristallnacht .
November 15 , 1938 - Jewish pupils are expelled from all non-Jewish German schools .
December 3 , 1938 - Law for compulsory Aryanization of all Jewish businesses .
December 14 , 1938 - Hermann
Göring takes charge of resolving the " Jewish Question . "
1939 Return to Top of Page
January 24 , 1939 - SS leader Reinhard Heydrich is ordered by Göring to speed up the emigration of Jews .
January 30 , 1939 - Hitler threatens Jews during Reichstag speech .
February 21 , 1939 - Nazis force Jews to hand over all gold and silver items .
March 15/16 - Nazi troops seize Czechoslovakia ( Jewish pop. 350,000 ) .
April 19 , 1939 - Slovakia passes its own version of the Nuremberg Laws .
April 30 , 1939 - Jews lose rights as tenants and are relocated into Jewish houses .
In May - The St. Louis , a ship crowded with 930 Jewish refugees , is turned away by Cuba , the United States and other countries and returns to Europe .
July 4 , 1939 - German Jews denied the right to hold government jobs .
July 21 , 1939 - Adolf Eichmann is appointed director of the Prague Office of Jewish Emigration .
September 1 , 1939 - Nazis invade Poland ( Jewish pop. 3.35 million , the largest in Europe ) .
Beginning of SS activity in Poland .
See also : The History Place - World War II in Europe Timeline
September 1 , 1939 - Jews in Germany are forbidden to be outdoors after 8 p.m. in winter and 9 p.m. in summer .
September 3 , 1939 - Great Britain and France declare war on Germany .
September 4 , 1939 - Warsaw is cut off by the German Army .
September 17 , 1939 - Soviet troops invade eastern Poland .
September 21 , 1939 - Heydrich issues instructions to SS Einsatzgruppen ( special action squads ) in Poland regarding treatment of Jews , stating they are to be gathered into ghettos near railroads for the future " final goal . "
He also orders a census and the establishment of Jewish administrative councils within the ghettos to implement Nazi policies and decrees .
September 23 , 1939 - German Jews are forbidden to own wireless ( radio ) sets .
September 27 , 1939 - Warsaw surrenders ; Heydrich becomes leader of RSHA .
September 29 , 1939 - Nazis and Soviets divide up Poland .
Over two million Jews reside in Nazi controlled areas , leaving 1.3 million in the Soviet area .
In September - Quote from Nazi newspaper , Der Stürmer , published by Julius Streicher - " The Jewish people ought to be exterminated root and branch .
Then the plague of pests would have disappeared in Poland at one stroke . "
In October - Nazis begin euthanasia on sick and disabled in Germany .
October 6 , 1939 - Proclamation by Hitler on the isolation of Jews .
October 12 , 1939 - Evacuation of Jews from Vienna .
October 12 , 1939 - Hans Frank appointed Nazi Gauleiter ( governor ) of Poland .
October 26 , 1939 - Forced labor decree issued for Polish Jews aged 14 to 60 .
November 23 , 1939 - Yellow stars required to be worn by Polish Jews over age 10 .
In December - Adolf Eichmann takes over section IV B 4 of the Gestapo dealing solely with Jewish affairs and evacuations .
1940 Return to Top of Page
January 25 , 1940 - Nazis choose the town of Oswiecim ( Auschwitz ) in Poland near Krakow as the site of a new concentration camp .
In January - Quote from Nazi newspaper , Der Stürmer , published by Julius Streicher - " The time is near when a machine will go into motion which is going to prepare a grave for the world 's criminal - Judah - from which there will be no resurrection . "
February 12 , 1940 - First deportation of German Jews into occupied Poland .
April 9 , 1940 - Nazis invade Denmark ( Jewish pop. 8,000 ) and Norway ( Jewish pop . 2,000 ) .
April 30 , 1940 - The Lodz Ghetto in occupied Poland is sealed off from the outside world with 230,000 Jews locked inside .
May 1 , 1940 - Rudolf
Höss is chosen to be kommandant of Auschwitz .
May 10 , 1940 - Nazis invade France ( Jewish pop. 350,000 ) , Belgium ( Jewish pop . 65,000 ) , Holland ( Jewish pop. 140,000 ) , and Luxembourg ( Jewish pop . 3,500 ) .
June 14 , 1940 - Paris is occupied by the Nazis .
June 22 , 1940 - France signs an armistice with Hitler .
In July - Eichmann 's Madagascar Plan is presented , proposing to deport all European Jews to the island of Madagascar , off the coast of east Africa .
July 17 , 1940 - The first anti-Jewish measures are taken in Vichy France .
August 8 , 1940 - Romania introduces anti-Jewish measures restricting education and employment , then later begins " Romanianization " of Jewish businesses .
September 27 , 1940 - Tripartite ( Axis ) Pact signed by Germany , Italy and Japan .
October 3 , 1940 - Vichy France passes its own version of the Nuremberg Laws .
October 7 , 1940 - Nazis invade Romania ( Jewish pop. 34,000 ) .
October 22 , 1940 - Deportation of 29,000 German Jews from Baden , the Saar , and Alsace - Lorraine into Vichy France .
In November - Hungary , Romania , and Slovakia become Nazi Allies .
In November - The Krakow Ghetto is sealed off containing 70,000 Jews .
November 15 , 1940 - The Warsaw Ghetto , containing over 400,000 Jews , is sealed off .
1941 Return to Top of Page
In 1941 - Hans Frank , Gauleiter of Poland , states , " I ask nothing of the Jews except that they should disappear . "
In January - Quote from Nazi newspaper , Der Stürmer , published by Julius Streicher - " Now judgment has begun and it will reach its conclusion only when knowledge of the Jews has been erased from the earth . "
In January - A pogrom in Romania results in over 2,000 Jews killed .
February 22 , 1941 - 430 Jewish hostages are deported from Amsterdam after a Dutch Nazi is killed by Jews .
In March - Hitler 's Commissar Order authorizes execution of anyone suspected of being a Communist official in territories about to be seized from Soviet Russia .
March 1 , 1941 - Himmler makes his first visit to Auschwitz , during which he orders Kommandant Höss to begin massive expansion , including a new compound to be built at nearby Birkenau that can hold 100,000 prisoners .
March 2 , 1941 - Nazis occupy Bulgaria ( Jewish pop. 50,000 ) .
March 7 , 1941 - German Jews ordered into forced labor .
March 26 , 1941 - The German Army High Command gives approval to RSHA and Heydrich on the tasks of SS murder squads ( Einsatzgruppen ) in occupied Poland .
March 29 , 1941 - A ' Commissariat ' for Jewish Affairs is set up in Vichy France .
April 6 , 1941 - Nazis invade Yugoslavia ( Jewish pop. 75,000 ) and Greece ( Jewish pop . 77,000 ) .
May 14 , 1941 - 3,600 Jews arrested in Paris .
May 16 , 1941 - French Marshal Petain issues a radio broadcast approving collaboration with Hitler .
June 22 , 1941 - Nazis invade Russia ( Jewish pop. 3 million ) .
June 29/30 - Romanian troops conduct a pogrom against Jews in the town of Jassy , killing 10,000 .
Summer - Himmler summons Auschwitz Kommandant H ös s to Berlin and tells him , " The F ü hrer has ordered the Final Solution of the Jewish question .
We , the SS , have to carry out this order ... I have therefore chosen Auschwitz for this purpose . "
In July - As the German Army advances , SS Einsatzgruppen follow along and conduct mass murder of Jews in seized lands .
In July - Ghettos established at Kovno , Minsk , Vitebsk and Zhitomer .
Also in July , the government of Vichy France seizes Jewish owned property .
July 17 , 1941 - Nazi racial ' philosopher ' Alfred Rosenberg is appointed Reich Minister for the Eastern Occupied Territories to administer territories seized from the Soviet Union .
July 21 , 1941 - In occupied Poland near Lublin , Majdanek concentration camp becomes operational .
July 25/26 - 3,800 Jews killed during a pogrom by Lithuanians in Kovno .
July 31 , 1941 - Göring instructs Heydrich to prepare for Final Solution .
In August - Jews in Romania forced into Transnistria .
By December , 70,000 perish .
In August - Ghettos established at Bialystok and Lvov .
August 26 , 1941 - The Hungarian Army rounds up 18,000 Jews at Kamenets - Podolsk .
September 3 , 1941 - The first test use of Zyklon - B gas at Auschwitz .
September 1 , 1941 - German Jews ordered to wear yellow stars .
September 6 , 1941 - The Vilna Ghetto is established containing 40,000 Jews .
September 17 , 1941 - Beginning of general deportation of German Jews .
September 19 , 1941 - Nazis take Kiev .
September 27/28 - 23,000 Jews killed at Kamenets - Podolsk , in the Ukraine .
September 29/30 - SS Einsatzgruppen murder 33,771 Jews at Babi Yar near Kiev .
In October - 35,000 Jews from Odessa shot .
October 2 , 1941 - Beginning of the German Army drive on Moscow .
October 23 , 1941 - Nazis forbid emigration of Jews from the Reich .
In November - SS Einsatzgruppe B reports a tally of 45,476 Jews killed .
November 24 , 1941 - Theresienstadt Ghetto is established near Prague , Czechoslovakia .
The Nazis will use it as a model ghetto for propaganda purposes .
November 30 , 1941 - Near Riga , a mass shooting of Latvian and German Jews .
December 7 , 1941 - Japanese attack United States at Pearl Harbor .
The next day the U.S. and Great Britain declare war on Japan .
December 8 , 1941 - In occupied Poland , near Lodz , Chelmno extermination camp becomes operational .
Jews taken there are placed in mobile gas vans and driven to a burial place while carbon monoxide from the engine exhaust is fed into the sealed rear compartment , killing them .
The first gassing victims include 5,000 Gypsies who had been deported from the Reich to Lodz .
December 11 , 1941 - Hitler declares war on the United States .
President Roosevelt then asks Congress for a declaration of war on Germany saying , " Never before has there been a greater challenge to life , liberty and civilization . "
The U.S.A. then enters the war in Europe and will concentrate nearly 90 percent of its military resources to defeat Hitler .
December 12 , 1941 - The ship " Struma " leaves Romania for Palestine carrying 769 Jews but is later denied permission by British authorities to allow the passengers to disembark .
In February 1942 , it sails back into the Black Sea where it is intercepted by a Russian submarine and sunk as an " enemy target . "
December 16 , 1941 - During a cabinet meeting , Hans Frank , Gauleiter of Poland , states - " Gentlemen , I must ask you to rid yourselves of all feeling of pity .
We must annihilate the Jews wherever we find them and wherever it is possible in order to maintain there the structure of the Reich as a whole ... "
1942 Return to Top of Page
In January - Mass killings of Jews using Zyklon - B begin at Auschwitz - Birkenau in Bunker I ( the red farmhouse ) in Birkenau with the bodies being buried in mass graves in a nearby meadow .
January 20 , 1942 - Wannsee Conference to coordinate the " Final Solution . "
January 31 , 1942 - SS
Einsatzgruppe
A reports a tally of 229,052 Jews killed .
In March - In occupied Poland , Belzec extermination camp becomes operational .
The camp is fitted with permanent gas chambers using carbon monoxide piped in from engines placed outside the chamber , but will later substitute Zyklon - B .
March 17 , 1942 - The deportation of Jews from Lublin to Belzec .
March 24 , 1942 - The start of deportation of Slovak Jews to Auschwitz .
March 27 , 1942 - The start of deportation of French Jews to Auschwitz .
March 28 , 1942 - Fritz Sauckel named Chief of Manpower to expedite recruitment of slave labor .
March 30 , 1942 - First trainloads of Jews from Paris arrive at Auschwitz .
In April - First transports of Jews arrive at Majdanek .
April 20 , 1942 - German Jews are banned from using public transportation .
In May - In occupied Poland , Sobibor extermination camp becomes operational .
The camp is fitted with three gas chambers using carbon monoxide piped in from engines , but will later substitute Zyklon - B .
May 18 , 1942 - The New York Times reports on an inside page that Nazis have machine - gunned over 100,000 Jews in the Baltic states , 100,000 in Poland and twice as many in western Russia .
May 27 , 1942 - SS leader Heydrich is mortally wounded by Czech Underground agents .
In June - Gas vans used in Riga .
June 1 , 1942 - Jews in France , Holland , Belgium , Croatia , Slovakia , Romania ordered to wear yellow stars .
June 4 , 1942 - Heydrich dies of his wounds .
June 5 , 1942 - SS report 97,000 persons have been " processed " in mobile gas vans .
June 10 , 1942 - Nazis liquidate Lidice in retaliation for Heydrich 's death .
June 11 , 1942 - Eichmann meets with representatives from France , Belgium and Holland to coordinate deportation plans for Jews .
June 30 , 1942 - At Auschwitz , a second gas chamber , Bunker II ( the white farmhouse ) , is made operational at Birkenau due to the number of Jews arriving .
June 30 and July 2 - The New York Times reports via the London Daily Telegraph that over 1,000,000 Jews have already been killed by Nazis .
Summer - Swiss representatives of the World Jewish Congress receive information from a German industrialist regarding the Nazi plan to exterminate the Jews .
They then pass the information on to London and Washington .
July 2 , 1942 - Jews from Berlin sent to Theresienstadt .
July 7 , 1942 - Himmler grants permission for sterilization experiments at Auschwitz .
July 14 , 1942 - Beginning of deportation of Dutch Jews to Auschwitz .
July 16/17 - 12,887 Jews of Paris are rounded up and sent to Drancy Internment Camp located outside the city .
A total of approximately 74,000 Jews , including 11,000 children , will eventually be transported from Drancy to Auschwitz , Majdanek and Sobibor .
July 17/18 - Himmler visits Auschwitz - Birkenau for two days , inspecting all ongoing construction and expansion , then observes the extermination process from start to finish as two trainloads of Jews arrive from Holland .
Kommandant
Höss is then promoted .
Construction includes four large gas chamber / crematories .
July 19 , 1942 - Himmler orders Operation Reinhard , mass deportations of Jews in Poland to extermination camps .
July 22 , 1942 - Beginning of deportations from the Warsaw Ghetto to the new extermination camp , Treblinka .
Also , beginning of the deportation of Belgian Jews to Auschwitz .
July 23 , 1942 - Treblinka extermination camp opened in occupied Poland , east of Warsaw .
The camp is fitted with two buildings containing 10 gas chambers , each holding 200 persons .
Carbon monoxide gas is piped in from engines placed outside the chamber , but Zyklon - B will later be substituted .
Bodies are burned in open pits .
In August - The start of deportations of Croatian Jews to Auschwitz .
August 23 , 1942 - Beginning of German Army attack on Stalingrad in Russia .
August 26 - 28 - 7,000 Jews arrested in unoccupied France .
September 9 , 1942 - Open pit burning of bodies begins at Auschwitz in place of burial .
The decision is made to dig up and burn those already buried , 107,000 corpses , to prevent fouling of ground water .
September 18 , 1942 - Reduction of food rations for Jews in Germany .
September 26 , 1942 - SS begins cashing in possessions and valuables of Jews from Auschwitz and Majdanek .
German banknotes are sent to the Reichs Bank .
Foreign currency , gold , jewels and other valuables are sent to SS Headquarters of the Economic Administration .
Watches , clocks and pens are distributed to troops at the front .
Clothing is distributed to German families .
By February 1943 , over 800 boxcars of confiscated goods will have left Auschwitz .
October 5 , 1942 - Himmler orders all Jews in concentration camps in Germany to be sent to Auschwitz and Majdanek .
October 5 , 1942 - A German eyewitness observes SS mass murder .
October 14 , 1942 - Mass killing of Jews from Mizocz Ghetto in the Ukraine .
October 22 , 1942 - SS put down a revolt at Sachsenhausen by a group of Jews about to be sent to Auschwitz .
October 25 , 1942 - Deportations of Jews from Norway to Auschwitz begin .
October 28 , 1942 - The first transport from Theresienstadt arrives at Auschwitz .
In November - The mass killing of 170,000 Jews in the area of Bialystok .
December 10 , 1942 - The first transport of Jews from Germany arrives at Auschwitz .
In December - Exterminations at Belzec cease after an estimated 600,000 Jews have been murdered .
The camp is then dismantled , plowed over and planted .
December 17 , 1942 - British Foreign Secretary Eden tells the British House of Commons the Nazis are " now carrying into effect Hitler 's oft repeated intention to exterminate the Jewish people of Europe . "
The U.S. declares those crimes will be avenged .
December 28 , 1942 - Sterilization experiments on women at Birkenau begin .
Map of Concentration / Death Camps
1943 Return to Top of Page
In 1943 - The number of Jews killed by SS Einsatzgruppen passes one million .
Nazis then use special units of slave laborers to dig up and burn the bodies to remove all traces .
January 18 , 1943 - First resistance by Jews in the Warsaw Ghetto .
January 29 , 1943 - Nazis order all Gypsies arrested and sent to extermination camps .
January 30 , 1943 - Ernst Kaltenbrunner succeeds Heydrich as head of RSHA .
In February - The Romanian government proposes to the Allies the transfer of 70,000 Jews to Palestine , but receives no response from Britain or the U.S .
In February - Greek Jews are ordered into ghettos .
February 2 , 1943 - Germans surrender to Russian troops at Stalingrad in the first big defeat of Hitler 's armies .
February 27 , 1943 - Jews working in Berlin armaments industry are sent to Auschwitz .
In March - The start of deportations of Jews from Greece to Auschwitz , lasting until August , totaling 49,900 persons .
March 1 , 1943 - In New York , American Jews hold a mass rally at Madison Square Garden to pressure the U.S. government into helping the Jews of Europe .
March 14 , 1943 - The Krakow Ghetto is liquidated .
March 17 , 1943 - Bulgaria states opposition to deportation of its Jews .
March 22 , 1943 - Newly built gas chamber / crematory IV opens at Auschwitz .
March 31 , 1943 - Newly built gas chamber / crematory II opens at Auschwitz .
April 4 , 1943 - Newly built gas chamber / crematory V opens at Auschwitz .
April 9 , 1943 - Exterminations at Chelmno cease .
The camp will be reactivated in the spring of 1944 to liquidate ghettos .
In all , Chelmno will total 300,000 deaths .
April 19 - 30 - The Bermuda Conference occurs as representatives from the United States and Britain discuss the problem of refugees from Nazi- occupied countries , but results in inaction concerning the plight of the Jews .
April 19 , 1943 - Waffen - SS attacks Jewish Resistance in Warsaw Ghetto .
In May - SS Dr. Josef Mengele arrives at Auschwitz .
May 13 , 1943 - German and Italian troops in North Africa surrender to Allies .
May 19 , 1943 - Nazis declare Berlin to be Judenfrei ( cleansed of Jews ) .
June 11 , 1943 - Himmler orders liquidation of all Jewish ghettos in occupied Poland .
June 25 , 1943 - Newly built gas chamber / crematory III opens at Auschwitz .
With its completion , the four new crematories at Auschwitz have a daily capacity of 4,756 bodies .
July 9/10 - Allied troops land in Sicily .
August 2 , 1943 - Two hundred Jews escape from Treblinka extermination camp during a revolt .
Nazis then hunt them down one by one .
August 16 , 1943 - The Bialystok Ghetto is liquidated .
In August - Exterminations cease at Treblinka , after an estimated 870,000 deaths .
In September - The Vilna and Minsk Ghettos are liquidated .
September 11 , 1943 - Germans occupy Rome , after occupying northern and central Italy , containing in all about 35,000 Jews .
September 11 , 1943 - Beginning of Jewish family transports from Theresienstadt to Auschwitz .
In October - The Danish Underground helps transport 7,220 Danish Jews to safety in Sweden by sea .
October 4 - Himmler talks openly about the Final Solution at Posen .
October 14 , 1943 - Massive escape from Sobibor as Jews and Soviet POWs break out , with 300 making it safely into nearby woods .
Of those 300 , fifty will survive .
Exterminations then cease at Sobibor , after over 250,000 deaths .
All traces of the death camp are then removed and trees are planted .
October 16 , 1943 - Jews in Rome rounded up , with over 1,000 sent to Auschwitz .
In November - The Riga Ghetto is liquidated .
In November - The U.S. Congress holds hearings regarding the U.S. State Department 's inaction regarding European Jews , despite mounting reports of mass extermination .
November 3 , 1943 - Nazis carry out Operation Harvest Festival in occupied Poland , killing 42,000 Jews .
November 4 , 1943 - Quote from Nazi newspaper , Der Stürmer , published by Julius Streicher - " It is actually true that the Jews have , so to speak , disappeared from Europe and that the Jewish ' Reservoir of the East ' from which the Jewish pestilence has for centuries beset the peoples of Europe has ceased to exist .
But the Führer of the German people at the beginning of the war prophesied what has now come to pass . "
November 11 , 1943 - Auschwitz Kommandant
Höss is promoted to chief inspector of concentration camps .
The new kommandant , Liebehenschel , then divides up the vast Auschwitz complex of over 30 sub - camps into three main sections .
December 2 , 1943 - The first transport of Jews from Vienna arrives at Auschwitz .
December 16 , 1943 - The chief surgeon at Auschwitz reports that 106 castration operations have been performed .
1944 Return to Top of Page
January 3 , 1944 - Russian troops reach former Polish border .
January 24 , 1944 - In response to political pressure to help Jews under Nazi control , President Roosevelt creates the War Refugee Board .
January 25 , 1944 - Diary entry by Hans Frank , Gauleiter of Poland , concerning the fate of 2.5 million Jews originally under his jurisdiction - " At the present time we still have in the General Government perhaps 100,000 Jews . "
In February - Eichmann visits Auschwitz .
March 19 , 1944 - Nazis occupy Hungary ( Jewish pop. 725,000 ) .
Eichmann arrives with Gestapo " Special Section Commandos . "
March 24 , 1944 - President Roosevelt issues a statement condemning German and Japanese ongoing " crimes against humanity . "
April 5 , 1944 - A Jewish inmate , Siegfried Lederer , escapes from Auschwitz - Birkenau and makes it safely to Czechoslovakia .
He then warns the Elders of the Council at Theresienstadt about Auschwitz .
April 6 , 1944 - Nazis raid a French home for Jewish children .
April 7 , 1944 - Two Jewish inmates escape from Auschwitz - Birkenau and make it safely to Czechoslovakia .
One of them , Rudolf Vrba , submits a report to the Papal Nuncio in Slovakia which is forwarded to the Vatican , received there in mid June .
April 14 , 1944 - First transports of Jews from Athens to Auschwitz , totaling 5,200 persons .
In May - Himmler 's agents secretly propose to the Western Allies to trade Jews for trucks , other commodities or money .
May 8 , 1944 - Rudolf
Höss returns to Auschwitz , ordered by Himmler to oversee the extermination of Hungarian Jews .
May 15 , 1944 - Beginning of the deportation of Jews from Hungary to Auschwitz .
May 16 , 1944 - Jews from Hungary arrive at Auschwitz .
Eichmann arrives to personally oversee and speed up the extermination process .
By May 24 , an estimated 100,000 have been gassed .
Between May 16 and May 31 , the SS report collecting 88 pounds of gold and white metal from the teeth of those gassed .
By the end of June , 381,661 persons - half of the Jews in Hungary - arrive at Auschwitz .
In June - A Red Cross delegation visits Theresienstadt after the Nazis have carefully prepared the camp and the Jewish inmates , resulting in a favorable report .
June 6 , 1944 - D - Day : Allied landings in Normandy on the coast of northern France .
June 12 , 1944 - Rosenberg orders Hay Action , the kidnapping of 40,000 Polish children aged ten to fourteen for slave labor in the Reich .
Summer - Auschwitz - Birkenau records its highest - ever daily number of persons gassed and burned at just over 9,000 .
Six huge pits are used to burn bodies , as the number exceeds the capacity of the crematories .
In July - Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg arrives in Budapest , Hungary , and proceeds to save nearly 33,000 Jews by issuing diplomatic papers and establishing ' safe houses . '
July 24 , 1944 - Russian troops liberate the first concentration camp , at Majdanek where over 360,000 had been murdered .
August 4 , 1944 - Anne Frank and family are arrested by the Gestapo in Amsterdam , then sent to Auschwitz .
Anne and her sister Margot are later sent to Bergen - Belsen where Anne dies of typhus on March 15 , 1945 .
August 6 , 1944 - Lodz , the last Jewish ghetto in Poland , is liquidated with 60,000 Jews sent to Auschwitz .
October 7 , 1944 - A revolt by Sonderkommando ( Jewish slave laborers ) at Auschwitz - Birkenau results in complete destruction of Crematory IV .
October 15 , 1944 - Nazis seize control of the Hungarian puppet government , then resume deporting Jews , which had temporarily ceased due to international political pressure to stop Jewish persecutions .
October 17 , 1944 - Eichmann arrives in Hungary .
October 28 , 1944 - The last transport of Jews to be gassed , 2,000 from Theresienstadt , arrives at Auschwitz .
October 30 , 1944 - Last use of the gas chambers at Auschwitz .
November 8 , 1944 - Nazis force 25,000 Jews to walk over 100 miles in rain and snow from Budapest to the Austrian border , followed by a second forced march of 50,000 persons , ending at Mauthausen .
November 25 , 1944 - Himmler orders destruction of the crematories at Auschwitz .
Late 1944 - Oskar Schindler saves 1200 Jews by moving them from Plaszow labor camp to his hometown of Brunnlitz .
1945 Return to Top of Page
In 1945 - As Allied troops advance , the Nazis conduct death marches of concentration camp inmates away from outlying areas .
January 6 , 1945 - Russians liberate Budapest , freeing over 80,000 Jews .
January 14 , 1945 - Invasion of eastern Germany by Russian troops .
January 17 , 1945 - Liberation of Warsaw by the Russians .
January 18 , 1945 - Nazis evacuate 66,000 from Auschwitz .
January 27 , 1945 - Russian troops liberate Auschwitz .
By this time , an estimated 2,000,000 persons , including 1,500,000 Jews , have been murdered there .
April 4 , 1945 - Ohrdruf camp is liberated , later visited by General Eisenhower .
April 10 , 1945 - Allies liberate Buchenwald .
April 15 , 1945 - Approximately 40,000 prisoners freed at Bergen - Belsen by the British , who report " both inside and outside the huts was a carpet of dead bodies , human excreta , rags and filth . "
April 23 , 1945 - Berlin is reached by Russian troops .
April 29 , 1945 - U.S. 7th Army liberates Dachau .
April 30 , 1945 - Hitler commits suicide in his Berlin bunker .
April 30 , 1945 - Americans free 33,000 inmates from concentration camps .
May 2 , 1945 - Theresienstadt taken over by the Red Cross .
May 5 , 1945 - Mauthausen liberated .
May 7 , 1945 - Unconditional German surrender signed by General Alfred Jodl at Reims .
May 9 , 1945 - Hermann Göring captured by members of U.S. 7th Army .
May 23 , 1945 - SS - Reichsführer Himmler commits suicide while in British custody .
November 20 , 1945 - Opening of the Nuremberg International Military Tribunal .
Holocaust Statistics
1946 Return to Top of Page
March 11 , 1946 - Former Auschwitz Kommandant
H ö ss , posing as a farm worker , is arrested by the British .
He testifies at Nuremberg , then is later tried in Warsaw , found guilty and hanged at Auschwitz , April 16 , 1947 , near Crematory I . " History will mark me as the greatest mass murderer of all time , " H ö ss writes while in prison , along with his memoirs about Auschwitz .
October 16 , 1946 - Göring commits suicide two hours before the scheduled execution of the first group of major Nazi war criminals at Nuremberg .
During his imprisonment , a ( now repentant ) Hans Frank states , " A thousand years will pass and the guilt of Germany will not be erased . "
Frank and the others are hanged and the bodies are brought to Dachau and burned ( the final use of the crematories there ) with the ashes then scattered into a river .
December 9 , 1946 - 23 former SS doctors and scientists go on trial before a U.S. Military Tribunal at Nuremberg .
Sixteen are found guilty , with 7 hanged .
1947
September 15 , 1947 - Twenty one former SS - Einsatz leaders go on trial before a U.S. Military Tribunal in Nuremberg .
Fourteen are sentenced to death , with only 4 ( the group commanders ) actually being executed - the other death sentences having been commuted .
1960
May 11 , 1960 - Adolf Eichmann is captured in Argentina by the Israeli secret service .
1961
April 11 - August 14 - Eichmann on trial in Jerusalem for crimes against the Jewish people , crimes against humanity and war crimes .
Found guilty and hanged at Ramleh on May 31 , 1962 .
A fellow Nazi reported Eichmann once said " he would leap laughing into the grave because the feeling that he had five million people on his conscience would be for him a source of extraordinary satisfaction . "
Patients with schizophrenia are able to correctly see through an illusion known as the ‘ hollow mask ’ illusion , probably because their brain disconnects ‘ what the eyes see ’ from what ‘ the brain thinks it is seeing ’ , according to a joint UK and German study published in the journal NeuroImage .
The findings shed light on why cannabis users may also be less deceived by the illusion whilst on the drug .
People with schizophrenia , a mental illness affecting about one per cent of the population , are known to be immune to certain vision illusions .
The latest study confirms that patients with schizophrenia are not fooled by the ‘ hollow mask ’ illusion , and that this may relate to a difference in the way two parts of their brains communicate with each other – the ‘ bottom - up ’ process of collecting incoming visual information from the eyes , and the ‘ top - down ’ process of interpreting this information .
Illusions occur when the brain interprets incoming sensory information on the basis of its context and a person ’s previous experience , so called top - down processing .
Sometimes this process can mean that people ’s perception of an object is quite different to reality – a phenomenon often exploited by magicians .
The new study , by scientists at the Hannover Medical School in Germany and UCL Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience in the UK , suggests that patients with schizophrenia rely considerably less on top - down processing during perception .
The study used a variation on the three - dimensional ‘ hollow mask ’ illusion .
In this illusion , a hollow mask of a face ( pointing inwards , or concave ) appears as a normal face ( pointing outwards , or convex ) .
During the experiment , 3D normal faces and hollow faces were shown to patients with schizophrenia and control volunteers while they lay inside an fMRI brain scanner , which monitored their brain responses .
As expected , all 16 control volunteers perceived the hollow mask as a normal face – mis-categorising the illusion faces 99 percent of the time .
By contrast , all 13 patients with schizophrenia could routinely distinguish between hollow and normal faces , with an average of only six percent mis-categorisation errors for illusion faces .
The results of the brain imaging analysis suggested that in the healthy volunteers , connectivity between two parts of the brain , the parietal cortex involved in top - down control , particularly spatial attention , and the lateral occipital cortex involved in bottom - up processing of visual information , increased when the hollow faces were presented .
In the patients with schizophrenia , this connectivity change did not occur .
These results suggest that patients with schizophrenia have difficulty coordinating responses between different brain areas , also known as ‘ dysconnectivity ’ , and that this may contribute to their immunity to visual illusions .
The research group is now investigating dysconnectivity in schizophrenia further , which will hopefully advance our understanding of this disorder .
Danai Dima , Hannover Medical School , says : “ The term ‘ schizophrenia ’ was coined almost a century ago to mean the splitting of different mental domains , but the idea has now shifted more towards connectivity between brain areas .
The prevailing theory is that perception principally comprises three components : firstly , sensory input ( bottom - up ) ; secondly , the internal production of concepts ( top - down ) ; and thirdly , a control ( a ‘ censor ’ component ) , which covers interaction between the two first components .
Our study provides further evidence of ‘ dysconnectivity ’ between these components in the brains of people with schizophrenia . ”
Dr Jonathan Roiser , UCL Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience , says : “ Our findings also shed light on studies of visual illusions which have used psychomimetics – drugs that mimic the symptoms of psychosis .
Studies using natural or synthetic tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , the ingredient of cannabis resin responsible for its psychotic - like effects , have found that people under the influence of cannabis are also less deceived by the hollow mask illusion .
It may be that THC causes a temporary “ disconnection ” between brain areas , similar to that seen in patients with schizophrenia , though this hypothesis needs to be tested in further research . ”
Wednesday 13 June 2007
First debuted at E3 2005 with the now apocryphal Jin Kazama footage that suggested PS3 would reach levels of realism that ourtiny minds simply could n't comprehend , we 've now got hold of some actual screenshots of what the PS3 version will look like .
They 'renot quite up to the sweat and scars detail of the E3 trailer , but then , we 've learned not to get too disappointed at screens not looking much like ' target footage ' .
That 's what it is afterall .
To see the screens click here .
Investor concern about the future of banks , including Citigroup , have been one issue weighing heavily on the stock market .
Financial shares continue to be among the worst hit , despite the trillions that governments are spending to try and restore the system .
Citigroup shares , for example , closed at $ 1.03 on Friday ; two years ago , the stock was trading at $ 55 a share .
The Treasury department made its own news on Sunday , filling three of the top positions under Secretary Timothy F. Geithner .
Alan B. Krueger was named as assistant secretary for economic policy ; Davis S. Cohen was chosen as assistant secretary in the office of terrorism and financial intelligence , and Kim N. Wallace was named assistant secretary for legislative affairs .
The announcements addressed growing concerns that even as the Treasury Department has worked furiously to craft bank bailouts over its first six weeks , the department still had left key positions unfilled .
The withdrawal last week of Annette Nazareth , Mr. Geithner ’s prospective deputy and a former commissioner at the Securities and Exchange Commission , touched off questions about whether staffing problems might be slowing the administration ’s response to the economic crisis .
The position of deputy treasurer remains open .
Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , played down the personnel matter .
“ We have tremendous confidence in Secretary Geithner , ” he said at a news conference on Thursday , “ and we are working with the committees of jurisdiction in order to get nominees both up to Capitol Hill and through the process of getting them into government . ”
Pressed about the reason for delay , he said that nominees were being subjected to “ a very rigorous process  and we ’re doing it , with all involved , as quickly as we can . ”
In response to the crisis in the banking system , the Treasury is pursuing a strategy that seeks to avoid either the failure or nationalization of the biggest banks .
In declaring his support for closing giant financial institutions , Mr. Shelby pointedly disagreed with the position taken by Senator Lindsay Graham , a fellow Republican , who suggested two weeks ago , also on “ This Week , ” that the banks may need to be nationalized .
Mr. Obama made clear in an interview published Sunday in The New York Times that he did not want any of the biggest banks to fail , saying his administration “ would take more significant action to deal with those institutions . ”
“ But the point is that our commitment is to make sure that any actions we take to maintain stability in the system , begin to loosen up credit and lending once again so that businesses and consumers can borrow , ” he said .
“ And if they can , then you ’re going to start seeing businesses invest once again and you ’re going to see people hired once again , but it ’s going to take some time . ”
It has become commonplace enough to merit its very own list in the culture 's rankings obsession : Alongside the Top 10 movies of 2008 and Top 10 songs , the Huffington Post , a wildly popular online publication , brings you its " Top 5 Police Brutality Videos , " their very own picks of cops behaving badly , captured by now - ubiquitous cellphone cameras .
In order , they include a New York City officer toppling a speeding cyclist into a pole ; another NYPD officer beating a suspect repeatedly by the roadside ; a swarm of Philadelphia cops dragging people out of a car and kicking and pounding them to the ground ; a University of Florida student Tasered by police ; and , in perhaps a moment of comic vindictiveness at Huffington , a video of a cop accidentally Tasering himself .
Weeding out a Top 5 – however insincere – is no small task .
It has become its own genre : Go to YouTube and search " police brutality , " and almost 18,000 results come back .
Entire YouTube channels , like Copwatchers , distill incidents to dense concentration .
More are added to the rapidly growing archive every day , including , just this week , the brutal beating of a 15 - year - old girl in custody with the Seattle Police Department , whose main affront to the officers in question appeared to be childishly – and harmlessly – kicking her shoe in their direction .
For law enforcement , the rapid transformation of every cellphone customer into potential documentary filmmaker – virtually every new cellphone has some video capability – can be seen as a prophecy of 1968 's Democratic National Convention in Chicago fulfilled , and then some : " The whole world is watching , " protesters chanted then , as hordes of passive resisters were beaten , wrestled and thrown into the backs of police wagons .
The mantra was that , in the age of TV , there was no escape from the camera 's eye – in massive public demonstrations , at least .
Updated for 2009 , the whole world is n't just watching anymore – they 're recording , too .
In Canada , that fact has crystallized in recent weeks in Vancouver , where RCMP officer Kwesi Millington has been pressed on the stand to explain the circumstances that led him to repeatedly Taser Robert Dziekanski , a just - arrived Polish immigrant who was behaving erratically at the Vancouver airport in October of 2007 .
Dziekanski died from the repeated shocks , five in total ; a nearby bystander captured the incident on his cellphone .
Millington , pressed by the inquiry to give his account , found it repeatedly contradicted by the video itself , a circumstance that Peter Biro , a Toronto lawyer who has represented clients who have sued the Toronto Police Service for mistreatment , finds not at all surprising .
" A police officer 's testimony in any incident where that officer is alleged to have caused harm to a civilian is inherently unreliable , " says Biro , a partner at the Toronto firm WeirFoulds .
Biro suggests a measure taken to what he describes as a logical extreme :
All officers should have all interactions with civilians videotaped , " and in the event where it 's not practical or possible , the onus would be on the officers in question to demonstrate , justifiably , why . "
In the YouTube era , a surfeit of police brutality videos instantly accessible online – a huge number of beatings , and occasional , sensational shootings has cast a growing shadow over police behaviour everywhere .
As a result , notions like Biro 's rankle police services everywhere .
Los Angeles is the place where you might trace the origin of this species , the Rodney King highway beating video , captured in 1991 by a bystander 's camera .
Today , allegations – and videos – of excessive force by police have become commonplace .
In 2006 , a video of a 24 - year - old suspect William Cardenas , being punched in the face by LAPD officers , led to an FBI probe of brutality throughout the force .
As a result , the LAPD moved last year to install cameras in all squad cars .
In an anonymous column published in the Los Angeles Times , an officer argued vehemently against it , suggesting that the constant surveillance would discourage officers from actively doing their jobs for fear of reprisal .
Dave Wilson , president of the Toronto Police Association , cautions against an over - reliance on video in law enforcement as well .
" Video should n't be used to replace proper supervision in the workplace , " said Wilson , who called Biro 's proposal " ludicrous . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The Toronto force has faced a call for cameras in cruisers as well , most recently following the 2002 beating of Said Jama Jama , then 21 , at a Tim Hortons .
The footage , shot by Ottawa tourists , shows the officer punching Jama Jama repeatedly in the face .
Notes taken by officers at the scene said Jama Jama struck at officers ; none mentioned Jama Jama had been punched .
" Video can be useful , but video may only capture a portion of events , " Wilson said .
" Ultimately , you have to prioritize :
Do you want to spend money on more police officers on the street , or on policing the officers you already have ?
Because you can't have both . "
For Biro , the circumstance is nowhere near so complex .
" Ultimately , ( recording all police activity ) protects them as much as it exposes them , " he says .
" When we say exposure , what we 're really talking about is transparency ...
If we 're truly committed to the rule of law , what are we afraid of here ? "
“ You have to make an environment that attracts the Justin McMurrys of the world , because that ’s where the magic happens , ” Mr. Studness said .
Natalie L. Petouhoff , an analyst at Forrester Research , said that online user groups conform to what she calls the 1 - 9 - 90 rule .
About 1 percent of those in the community , she explained , are super - users who supply most of the best answers and commentary .
An additional 9 percent are “ responders ” who mainly reply and rate Web posts , she said , and the other 90 percent are “ readers ” who primarily peruse and search the Web site for useful information .
“ The 90 percent will come , ” Ms. Petouhoff said , “ if you have the 1 percent . ”
Verizon explored the alternative of building the Web site and managing the forums itself , but it decided to call on outside expertise .
Several suppliers , including HelpStream , Jive Software and Telligent , offer corporate social networking software with customer service features .
Verizon chose Lithium Technologies , a fast - growing start - up based in Emeryville , Calif .
Lithium comes to online customer service from a heritage in gaming .
Its chief executive and co-founder , Lyle Fong , was a founder of GX Media , which developed a leading Web site , Gamers.com , and created technologies for professional rankings and tournaments .
Lithium ’s current roster of 125 clients includes AT&T , BT , iRobot , Linksys , Best Buy and Nintendo .
The mentality of super - users in online customer - service communities is similar to that of devout gamers , according to Mr. Fong .
Lithium ’s customer service sites for companies , for example , offer elaborate rating systems for contributors , with ranks , badges and “ kudos counts . ”
“ That alone is addictive , ” Mr. Fong said .
“ They are revered by their peers . ”
Benchmark Capital , a venture capital firm that invested $ 12 million in Lithium last year , was impressed with the company ’s gaming background and its focus on catering to super - users to build communities .
Peter Fenton , a Benchmark general partner , said that many of the most popular consumer Web sites and services , from Wikipedia to Twitter , are animated by a relatively small percentage of avid users .
Image Credit ... Mark Graham for The New York Times
“ In customer service , it ’s still very early , but I think it ’s likely the same pattern will play out , ” said Mr. Fenton , who serves on the boards of both Twitter and Yelp , a site where users post reviews of restaurants and other local businesses .
Photoshop as a sniper 's weapon
I 've posted most of these images to b3ta.com , a communal repository of puerile , deranged and occasionally beautiful things .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
April 3 , 2009
An Infowars reader has sent a page taken from the Hardeman County , Tennessee , Bulletin Times announcing a seat belt checkpoint to be conducted on April 4 “ in conjunction with a Homeland Security training exercise by the 251st Military Police in Bolivar who recently returned from Iraq ” ( see a PDF version of the announcement here , on page two ) .
Although uniformed military personnel will be visible at the checkpoint , the military participation will be strictly observation .
The military police uses checkpoints to disseminate information and ensure safe movement in the event of a terrorist attack , natural disaster or other large - scale emergency .
A clipping taken from the Hardeman County , Tennessee , Bulletin Times announcing seat belt checkpoint to be conducted on April 4 .
The operation in Tennessee is similar to one held last December in San Bernardino County , California , and reported by Branson Hunter of the Big Bear Observation Post blog and Infowars on December 14 , 2008 .
The California operation was a collaboration between the California Highway Patrol and the Marine Corps Air and Ground Combat Center .
It did not include Homeland Security .
“ Dispatching Marines on California highways is an obvious violation of the Posse Comitatus Act ( 18 U.S.C. § 1385 ) passed on June 16 , 1878 .
The Act prohibits members of the federal uniformed services , including military police , from working with state and local police and law enforcement , ” we reported in December .
The seat belt checkpoint in Tennessee with the participation of military police is also a direct violation of the Posse Comitatus Act .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In response to an editorial critical of the operation in San Bernardino County broadcast by KCDZ - FM in Joshua Tree , California , the California Highway Patrol sent the radio station a fax indicating the action would not include military police .
It was later reported that uniformed military police in marked military police vehicles teamed up with the California Highway Patrol in the town of Yucca Valley , California .
Gary Daigneault , News Director at KCDZ-FM , went on the Alex Jones Show on December 15 and said the CHP was less than forthcoming about their plans to set - up checkpoints .
The California Highway Patrol is required to provide the location of its checkpoints to the media at least two hours prior .
Although the CHP did provide the radio station with a telephone number to get this information , when the number was called there was no answer , Daigneault said in his radio editorial ( listen to the editorial and view the faxes ) .
“ It should be obvious the Marines and the California Highway Patrol are engaged in a disinformation campaign against the media in order to cover up their illegal and unconstitutional behavior , ” we wrote on December 15 .
“ Not only do they want to entrap the residents of San Bernardino County in their ’ sobriety / driver license checkpoint ’ in violation of the Fourth Amendment protecting the people against unreasonable searches and seizures , they also want to send a message that the military will henceforth be involved in domestic law enforcement in direct violation of Posse Comitatus . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The collaboration between Homeland Security , the military , and local law enforcement in Tennessee sets a dangerous new precedent .
In the case U.S. v. Martinez - Fuerte , the Supreme Court ruled that DHS checkpoints could be set up to search for illegal immigrants and smugglers and so long as the checkpoints and searches were brief and for that purpose only they could be done anywhere within 100 miles of a US border .
It appears DHS is now moving beyond U.S. v. Martinez - Fuerte and expanding operations beyond the 100 mile limit .
DHS will likely argue they are not conducting the checkpoints in Tennessee and are there only as monitors .
However , this point will be lost on the victims of the checkpoints when they see uniformed military police and DHS personnel .
In California , the attention of the media put the CHP and the Marines on the defensive .
Last month , the coverage of the MIAC documents in Missouri by Alex Jones resulted in wide coverage of the issue in the corporate media .
In response to the attention , the Missouri State Police and the governor of the state were obliged to repudiate the document and order an investigation into the Missouri Information Analysis Center ’s practice of designating followers of political candidates Ron Paul , Bob Barr , and Chuck Baldwin as “ militia ” terrorists .
Attention placed on the operation in Tennessee will produce similar results .
This article was posted : Friday , April 3 , 2009 at 3:36 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Is “ Too Much ” Really Just Enough ?
The notion that bigger is better has taken a beating lately in all aspects of society .
Once the pride of the so - called upper middle class in the United States , McMansions and SUVs have now become symbols of excess and waste -- at least the reminders of an era past .
Green movement proponents should certainly be happy that so many “ earth abusers ” are beginning to see the light , but what about performance - computing fanatics ?
With memory prices near record lows , is there any good reason not to fill every slot with low - cost 2 GB DIMMs ?
Environmentalists could point out that IC and PCB production turns a large quantity of natural resources into post - production waste , while most of the end - product is not recyclable and the additional components add to the system ’s energy consumption .
Power users could easily counter energy concerns by pointing out that a better - performing computer allows them to get their work done in less time .
But neither argument is sufficient to answer the question we ’ve asked so many times before :
How much RAM do you really need ?
Our 2004 article pointed out weaknesses in the once - popular single - gigabyte configurations .
But 512 MB and smaller modules are now a distant memory .
It wasnt long after that 2 GB became the performance standard , and by 2007 , 4 GB kits could be found in all but the lowest - cost systems .
Is it time to take the next step , to 8 GB or more ?
More importantly , were 4 GB modules ever really needed for games and everyday applications ?
And with the 32 - bit addressing limit of 4 GB making only 3 GB available to many users , should everyone switch to a 64 - bit operating system simply to support higher capacities ?
LOCKED AND LOADED ( January 2007 )
Last year , I found a curious bug in Windows regarding the handling of certain invalid opcode sequences .
At the time , I simply documented it and then forgot about it .
Recently , however , I was reminded of the bug , so I thought that other people might be interested in reading about it .
Because of the way in which the Intel x86 architecture works , when an invalid opcode exception occurs , there is no easy way to tell why it occurred .
By this , I mean that without actually looking at the faulting opcode sequence , it 's not possible to tell the difference between an unsupported opcode and an invalid use of the LOCK prefix .
For this reason , Windows runs this code :
mov ecx , 4 ; maximum prefix count
look_op :
mov al , byte ptr es : [ esi ] ; points to faulting opcode sequence
cmp al , f0h ; looks like LOCK ?
je op_lock ; yes
add esi , 1 ; no , continue with next byte
loop look_op ; until no more bytes
mov eax , c000001d ; STATUS_ILLEGAL_INSTRUCTION
ret
op_lock :
mov eax , c000001e ; STATUS_INVALID_LOCK_SEQUENCE
ret
While there are only three classes of prefixes that can appear in addition to an otherwise valid lock sequence ( segment override , operand - size override , and address - size override ) , no current CPU instruction allows REP to be combined with LOCK .
This is the reason for the value of 4 in ecx .
The bug is that Windows checks for only the LOCK prefix and no other .
Thus , if the value " f0 " happens to appear anywhere within the first four bytes of the faulting opcode sequence , even if it is not truly a LOCK ( e.g. fe f0 ) , then Windows will return the wrong exception value .
This is a particular problem for operating - system emulators , since such a condition would occur only rarely , so it seems likely that no one has support for this behaviour .
Surprise !
My mother , a European immigrant , did n’t hesitate to answer me when I , a curious eight year old , asked why we were n’t family friends with one of the prominent and very wealthy families at our church .
“ They are not of our class , ” she ’d responded in her native language .
“ We are educated people .
They are grocers , ” she ’d added with a figurative sniff as we passed their gleaming black Cadillac and headed for our lived - in Chevy sedan .
I was n’t certain at that tender age what was so antipathetic about being a grocer , seeing as we frequented grocery stores on a regular basis to fill the refrigerator in our small apartment where my father constantly pored over textbooks to finish his graduate studies .
I was just sorry I was n’t allowed to set up a play date with their likable children .
My parents continued to surround themselves with fellow doctors , lawyers , professors , scientists , diplomats , and academicians .
It was not til I had reached adulthood that they had lost the automatic assumptions of the European class distinctions with which they had been raised and opened their upper middle class social doors to successful “ uneducated ” businessmen , restauranteurs -- and grocers .
Finally , they too , like Europe itself , had traded rigid perceptions of social class for the American Dream of wealth über alles .
I had long since given up on my parents , and left them to their world .
Mine was filled with men and women of all ages , all types of jobs , and all levels of education .
What I sought in my friends was open - mindedness , creativity , compassion , and curiosity .
Yet , on some level , the opinions my mother had expressed had had an impact on me — the opposite impact .
Even as I rebelled against and rejected the trappings of wealth , I could not pass its gates without experiencing envy , bitterness , and exclusion and isolation .
I could not keep myself from pressing my nose against the glass of the “ candy store ” , and fantasize that one day , I too could afford to enter its door and select my spoils .
Still waiting .
Only now , years later , I have no expectations .
I was either too ethical , too unlucky , or too untalented to do more than come close to the brass ring during my peak professional years in the ‘ 80s and ‘ 90s .
And now , after Bush and Co have finished off the last of the truffles and bon-bons , there is nothing left in the store that I could comfortably desire .
The crowd around me pressing against the glass has grown exponentially in the last thirty years , faces that speak of the ambitions and dreams of an entire world .
Even if I had the opportunity , I can no longer even imagine sidling inside the candy store and closing the door , leaving their hungry eyes piercing my conscience from outside .
Never happen .
The candy store now has a steel portal and impregnable locks .
The glass window is protected by titanium bars .
I squint and can see no one in the retail area inside .
Is there a sliver of light creeping under the door from the back room beyond ?
Or are all of us out here alone ?
I turn my head from side to side and see businessmen , restauranteurs , and grocers by my side .
And doctors , lawyers , professors , and academicians .
And my parents , in a manner of speaking .
We ’re all on the outside now — our class distinctions having evolved from “ rigid hierarchies ” to “ upward mobility ” to “ haves and have nots ” .
A very few “ haves ” and a lot of “ have nots ” .
Those of us fortunate enough to have tasted the American Dream may delude ourselves that the store shelves will soon be restocked and kindly old Uncle Sam will welcome us in and hand out freebies to the children .
Never happen .
And the weight of the crowd against our backs is growing .
I do n’t really want candy any more , though my appetite still challenges me to walk by the trappings of wealth without a pang of hunger or regret .
What I would like to really see before me is …a grocery store .
A store filled with goods that promote and sustain life and health , managed by a likable grocer and his family , with candy in a back aisle , one per customer please .
Marx correctly predicted that the global conditions of the 19th century would lead to revolution .
That is always a risk when the “ untouchables ” of a society finally comprehend the power of their fists .
But revolution demands kamikaze - like sacrifice and exerts a tidal wave of collateral damage .
There are no guarantees of a happy ending .
The alternative is to accept that we have once again become a society of class , to accept that , for most of us , the escalator is only going down .
All aboard ?
By Matt Frei
BBC News , Washington
When John F Kennedy 's life was brutally cut short by an assassin 's bullet , Walter Cronkite told America the news .
Cable news channels like Fox and MSNBC are competing for ratings
He took off his black - rimmed glasses and cleared his throat as if to dislodge a piece of unwarranted emotion , paused for a few seconds and then continued with the business of delivering the terrible information .
The real , if restrained , grief of that fleeting moment was - and still is - eerily powerful .
When Barack Obama announced another tranche of his bailout package for ailing banks , Glenn Beck on Fox News burst into floods of tears , as if his own mother had just passed away .
His torrent for the Tarp as the Troubled Assets Relief Programme is known left me sadly cold .
The traditional stiff upper lip of newscasters has morphed into a quivering lower lip .
It is not just Glenn Beck .
On the other end of the political spectrum , MSNBC's Ed Schultz kicked off his new show with a 10 - minute - or was it 15 ?
- diatribe that delivered a frightening crescendo of rage , as if the producer was yelling into his earpiece , telling him to crank it up a notch .
The rant was so lengthy , I went off to make a cup of tea , came back to my desk and he was still at it .
By the end of it I felt so physically exhausted I had not taken in a single coherent sentence of what he had to say .
I think he was angry at the people who were angry with the President ...
New battleground Mr Schultz and Mr Beck are only the latest and shrillest exponents of a growing genre on cable TV .
The terrestrial networks are still relatively buttoned - up and much of radio has been ranting for years , of course .
The new battleground for emotional journalism is on cable .
Keith Olbermann started by throwing papers at the camera and progressed to hurling insults at the Bush administration .
Jim Cramer has made a TV career out of being nuts on a business channel , supposedly offering sound investment advice .
If my banker behaved as if he had rabies , I would call the doctor and switch banks .
But I am clearly barking , as it were , up the wrong tree here .
I wish I had that many viewers .
I am just not willing - or able - to froth at the mouth to get them
Fox News prides itself on its " fair and balanced " coverage and its No Spin Zone , and thankfully most of its anchors remain dry - eyed ( most of the time ) .
I caught one of the channel 's morning shows this week .
No -one was sobbing on set .
But like prospectors looking for fresh wells of crude oil , they tried to unearth a new seam of outrage .
This one involved linking the fact that Barack Obama had often used his middle name Hussein while in Turkey with the cover of Newsweek which declared " the Decline and Fall of Christian America " .
" And this in the run-up to Easter " , the anchor gasped , asking if it was an attempt to do down the Christian faith .
She stopped short of accusing the 44th President of plotting the slaughter of the Easter Bunny and being a closet Muslim .
But we were not far off .
Since old - fashioned journalism is now so , well , old - fashioned - Mr Schultz and Mr Beck started their careers as shock jocks and comedians - it is no wonder that more and more Americans are turning to a genuine comedian for genuine news .
By comparison to some of his colleagues on the news channels , The Daily Show 's Jon Stewart can have as much gravitas as Vatican Radio .
Insinuation is now information .
Rage is de rigeur .
Emotion is cool .
If the anchor 's cheeks do n't glisten with tears , then at least the screen shimmers with seizure - inducing graphics .
Nation of believers
Partly , this is about ratings .
We are all chasing the diminishing slices of a shrinking pie .
Anything to grab an audience that is suffering both from attention deficit disorder and an embarrassment of choices on the web , on TV , on radio by the scruff of the neck and force them to watch .
Soon we will be getting robocalls from Glenn and Ed , asking : " You watching this ?
I REALLY hope you are .
Because if you 're NOT , I will be mad as hell ! "
The emotional guff clearly works .
The ratings are great .
Glenn
Beck harvests over two million viewers at five in the afternoon , which tends to be nap time for cable TV .
Ed Schultz was a radio host before moving to MSNBC I wish I had that many viewers .
I am just not willing - or able - to froth at the mouth to get them .
The rise of cable is also about the current state of America .
I have always loved that this country is more aspirational , optimistic and polite than Europe .
This remains a nation of believers - in the broadest sense - compared to our continent of cynics .
The collapse of the economy , the outrage of unwarranted bonuses , Ponzi schemes and designer trash - cans have brought the pitchforks out of the cellar .
We are finally getting a genuine bonfire of vanities .
And yet I am surprised how generally calm and collected the American public has behaved , despite the best efforts of some of my colleagues to tease out their fury .
Perhaps it is because they have just had an opportunity to express their feelings where it matters : at the ballot box .
Perhaps it is because they still believe that judicious government can fix things .
Or maybe it is because all the ranting and raging is being done on their behalf .
On air .
Mr Beck and Mr Schultz are therapeutic .
They exorcise our demons .
When my children see another child crying , bawling and whining in public , they immediately stop their antics .
They look on in silent awe .
We do the same .
Matt Frei is the presenter of BBC World News America which airs every weekday on BBC News , BBC World News and BBC America ( for viewers outside the UK only ) .
Send us your comments on Matt Frei's Washington Diary using the link below .
Send us your reaction
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Do n’t mind a bit of kissing but I do n’t like that !
In the interest of keeping CT as highbrow as possible , I have an observation about kissing .
Namely , on - the - lips kissing between not - mutually - attached ladies and gents .
I do a fair bit of cheek - kissing and hugging , both socially and at work , probably more than most but not unusually so ( I have n’t had any complaints yet ) .
It ’s really come in amongst the anglo - saxons in the past decade or so .
Time was when only the French did cheek - kissing when they met .
Perhaps as the result of many forlorn French exchange summers , or maybe just aping our more sophisticated Continental neighbours , the Irish and British middle classes began to do single - cheek kissing in the eighties and nineties .
I kiss a French person once on each cheek ( twice if they ’re a close friend or family friend ) , three times in total for a Belgian or Dutch person , and just one single - cheeked peck for a fellow anglo - saxon .
In the last few years , a new variation has crept in .
Married men who kiss me – just a peck – on the lips .
Cheek (y ) kissing is now so common that perhaps for very good friends something more is called for ?
Or maybe it ’s just an opportunistic twist in a situation where you can suddenly get away with kissing women other than your wife .
God knows , I do n’t dislike it ( though I ’ve never lingered ) , but I ’m not in the habit of snogging other women ’s husbands either ( long live teh Patriarchy ! ) .
To call it a guilty pleasure would be to concede there ’s something going on where it should n’t be – and there clearly is n’t , as none of my lip - kissers has ever made a pass at me – but I have to admit that I enjoy it probably just a little more than I should .
San Francisco -
The Obama administration formally adopted the Bush administration 's position that the courts cannot judge the legality of the National Security Agency 's ( NSA 's ) warrantless wiretapping program , filing a motion to dismiss Jewel v. NSA late Friday .
In Jewel v. NSA , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) is challenging the agency 's dragnet surveillance of millions of ordinary Americans .
The Obama Justice Department claims in its motion that litigation over the wiretapping program would require the government to disclose privileged " state secrets . "
These are essentially the same arguments made by the Bush administration three years ago in Hepting v. AT&T , EFF 's lawsuit against one of the telecom giants complicit in the NSA spying .
" President Obama promised the American people a new era of transparency , accountability , and respect for civil liberties , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston .
" But with the Obama Justice Department continuing the Bush administration 's cover -up of the National Security Agency 's dragnet surveillance of millions of Americans , and insisting that the much - publicized warrantless wiretapping program is still a ' secret ' that cannot be reviewed by the courts , it feels like deja vu all over again . "
For the full motion to dismiss :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/jewel/jewelmtdobama.pdf
For more on Jewel v. NSA :
http://www.eff.org/cases/jewel
Contacts :
Kevin Bankston
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
bankston@eff.org
Cindy Cohn
Legal Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
cindy@eff.org
Rebecca Jeschke
Media Relations Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
press@eff.org
That was when area residents Robert Hammond and Joshua David formed Friends of the High Line , a non-profit renewal group to save the structure .
At the time , they did n't know what condition it was in , or what they would do with it if they could save it : they simply wanted it preserved .
Once they climbed onto the tracks , however , and later looked down on them from one of the high - rise buildings between 10th and 11th avenues , they saw something extraordinary .
In the 20 years since it had been abandoned , the High Line had become a literal urban jungle : 1.45 miles of natural grass , moss , trees and bush – even in one section a patch of temperate rainforest – that had turned it into one of the most unusual green spaces in Manhattan .
In short : perfect for a park .
Picking up where I left off before Christmas and proving once again that an old man can flog a theme within an inch of its life – some suggestions that would vastly improve our quality of life in 2012 .
A Customer Service Renaissance
It used to be that if your television broke down you could call up the CEO of Magnavox directly and 3 days later a man in a smart blazer and jaunty bowtie would show up at your door with a replacement , an apology and a firm handshake .
But those days are long gone .
Try to return a defective waffle iron these day and you either end up climbing some damned phone tree or dealing with idiotic counter help who just shrug their shoulders , snap their gum and send you to speak to “ Chaz ” , the 18 - year old store manager with a pierced lip , pained expression and all the decision - making authority of an Edwardian stable boy .
Advances in Cryogenics
But not for the benefit of the elderly .
Rather , I ’d suggest we flash freeze young people , stuff them away in a meat locker somewhere and refrain from defrosting them until either I ’ve died or someone has come up with a cure for dumbassery and sass mouth – whichever comes first .
The Return of Punctuation
I ’m the first to admit I do n’t always use my colon correctly but at least I make an effort to include punctuation when I write .
These damned young people miss more periods than Michelle Duggar for Christ ’s sake .
Just once I ’d like to read a comment from some irate young person that I could understand without use of a crack cocaine decoder ring .
More Choice in Creamed Food
I like the wheat and enjoy the corn but it ’s time someone stepped things up a bit and broke out the cream of liver , creamed pork loin and cream of digestive biscuit .
Teen Beat Magazine
I ’m not referring to teeny - bopper fodder full of dream date contests , I ’m talking about hard - hitting photo - journalism with a focus on miscreant ear - boxing , hide - tanning and good old fashioned tongue - lashings .
Issue one : Joe Jonas gets his ass kicked .
New Commandments
Face facts , most young people can’t name more than 3 of the existing commandments and have broken the remainder before they ’re out of training pants .
It would appear that if we ’re serious about providing even the most basic moral compass to this generation we ’re going to need to toss convention out the window and come up with new , easy to read commandments that come complete with winky faces , misspelled words and which all end in LOL ( Laugh out Lord ) .
Things like “ Thou Shal knot Fail . 😉 lol ”
Limiting Displays of Public Affection
An old man ca n’t ride the city bus these days without being confronted by damned young people slobbering all over each other and making every one around them feel like an extra on a low rent pornographic movie set .
Public displays of affection should be limited to married couples and extend no further than the use of inoffensive terms of endearment , subtle elbow squeezing and occasional hand - holding .
Sensible Careers
It ’s high time we brought back good old fashioned jobs like costermongers , spittleman , wheeltappers , pettifoggers , pig jobbers , quarrel pickers and knock knobblers .
American Barbershop Idol
Surely to God we ’ve exhausted this nation ’s supply of caterwauling nancy boys and are ready to bring some damned decent singing back to the national stage .
Four part harmonies plus straw boaters equals toe - tapping , good clean family fun .
Cursive Writing
And I do n’t mean swearing .
I mean putting pen to paper .
They may be able to text 80 words a minute but ask them write a sentence longhand and it comes out looking like something a chimp would produce with a pointed stick and mitt full of mashed blackberries .
The Power of Positive Gumption
All this new age , positive - thinking hokum smacks me as being the worst kind of bumph since Clark Stanley sold his first bottle of snake oil elixir back in 1893 .
Positive thinking as a means to an end is like the American Dream – it ’s fine in theory but really only helpful to those with good genes , rich families and access to a decent education .
For everyone else – it ’s sleight of hand and empty platitudes .
For 2012 , instead of folks assuming they can set their life right with little more than a combination of visualizations , affirmations and positive mental brainwaves , I ’d like to see people attempting to set reasonable goals and then achieving them through a combination of hard work , determination and the power of positive gumption .
Enjoy your New Year ’s
Eve but keep the damned noise down .
I ’ll be in bed by 9:30 .
Monsanto slammed for false " GM is safe " advertising
Another example of Monsanto's web of deceit .
It 's interesting that the judge at the S African Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) accepted that " no negative reactions to GM foods have ever been reported " was a lie , and also accepted that Covance Laboratories ( used by Monsanto all the time to do their lab testing and to prepare dossiers ) were well known for the production of corrupt scientific evidence .
Falsified GM food safety claims rejected by South Africa
By Trevor Wells Farmers Legal Action Group - South Africa
On 26 June 2006 Farmers legal Action - South Africa published an article headed " Monsanto tells a pack of lies in South Africa " .
See article below .
The article exposed how Monsanto had told the South African Advertising Authority ( ASA ) that MON 863 was not their product .
MON 863 was in fact their product and had been found to cause damage to rats in independent trials in Europe .
Monsanto had in fact made an application for this product to be released in South Africa .
The ASA ordered Monsanto SA to withdraw its advert which depicted a mother with two children in a kitchen looking at a cake .
Among other false claims the advert stated " no negative reactions to GM foods have ever been reported " .
The advert also falsely claimed that genetically modified foods contained enhanced proteins , vitamins and anti-oxidants and removed allergens .
Whilst there was an uproar from responsible parenting organisations and in fact proof that no commercial GM products had ever been commercially released with the enhanced claims , the ASA found it unnecessary to deal with those aspects .
It ordered the removal of the advert based on the false claim that " No negative reactions to GM foods have ever been reported . "
During the hearing , Monsanto attempted to distract the worthy panel of arbitrators , headed by Justice King , a no non-sense judge who rose to fame as the doyen of " Corporate Governance " , by arguing the merits of GM products as against the truthfulness of their claims .
They produced a letter from Covance Laboratories in the USA , which claimed that they were an independent laboratory and which " praised the benefits of GM Corn . "
Justice King ruled that the benefits of GM corn had nothing to do with the case in front of them .
Covance Laboratories have a history of abuse and have been fined on several occasions in Europe and the USA for the appalling conditions under which experiments are conducted and for outright vicious treatment of laboratory animals .
Their track record is second only to Monsanto 's long history of convictions for racketeering , bribery and corruption .
Covance was used by big tobacco to produce propaganda which was also proved false
Monsanto clearly lives under the misconception that South African judges are stupid , because apart from the serious submissions mentioned above they would not have presented Covance Laboratories as an " independent " source in order to verify their safety claim .
Covance , USA 's support of Monsanto is even more surprising given the fact that European researchers employed by Covance Laboratories ( Europe ) discovered and reported numerous biological effects on rats fed MON863 , i.e. blood stream anomalies that varied by sex ( increase in white blood cell levels and lymphocytes in males , decrease in new red blood cells in females , increase in female blood sugar levels , in addition to renal lesions ( inflammations , kidney stones ) and variations in kidney weight .
The ink on the judgement ordering the withdrawal of this false advert had hardly dried when , on 21 August 2007 , Kobus Steenkamp , Marketing Manager for Monsanto , issued this statement headed : " ASA accepts Monsanto's ' GM Is Safe ' advertisement " Monsanto's Steenkamp added : " The Advertising Standards Authority has now approved this advertisement and accepts that the facts have been verified by independent and reliable sources . "
He added " The Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA has accepted the revised wording from Monsanto , which states , " no substantiated scientific or medical negative reactions to GM foods have ever been reported " .
According to the article " Another spin by GM Giant Monsanto " published by The South African NGO net , the Advertising Standards Authority categorically denied Monsanto 's statement .
Monsanto's however went ahead and published their advert with the same picture and wording except for the added " No substantiated medical or scientific ...... " .
Mark Wells , the organic farmer , and founder member of Farmers Legal Action Group , South Africa who was the successful applicant in the previous incident , once more challenged the advert .
On 19 December 2007 Judge King of the ASA ruled that despite the amended wording not being exactly the same , the overall communication remains unchanged .
A hypothetical reasonable person would interpret the claim to mean that tests were conducted in this regard and no negative reactions were found The Respondent , Monsanto , is therefore found guilty of breaching the previous ruling .
Monsanto tells a pack of lies to the Advertising Standards Authority
By Trevor Wells Farmers ' Legal Action Group - South Africa
Mark Wells , an organic farmer from Cintsa on the Wild Coast , South Africa , challenged the claim of a Monsanto advert that no negative reactions to Genetically Modified food have been reported .
The false claim was made in the Monstanto advert which appeared in the widely read " You Magazine " on February 15th , 2007 .
Wells produced evidence to repudiate the claim .
An arbitration panel consisting of eight members was chaired by former High Court Judge Mervyn King SC whose cutting edge ' King Report on Corporate Governance ' is hailed as the best practice corporate governance bible .
In view of the prima facie evidence produced by the complainant , the ASA opened the proceedings by stating that the matter before them for consideration was whether the advert was in breach of two sections of the Code of Practice :
1. Substantiation 2 . Misleading claims
Dealing with the substantiation section first the ASA ruled that the onus is on the advertiser to substantiate the claim .
Monsanto addressed the ASA at length and submitted inter alia that it had a strict code of conduct and that MON 863 was not their product .
The facts are that MON 863 is indeed a product of Monsanto and that Monsanto had suppressed the evidence of serious damage to the liver and kidneys of rats in their own GM maize trials until ordered to release this evidence by a German Court .
Furthermore Monsanto had applied to the South African GM regulatory authority for a commodity release permit for MON 863 .
Monsanto then argued that after the rats had contracted liver damage Monsanto contracted five ' independent ' scientists to assess the data supplied by them and they concluded that MON 863 had no adverse effect as claimed by the complainant .
Monsanto then changed their tack in mid-stream and argued that rather than focus on the two conflicting studies the ASA should focus on the benefits of GM maize .
The substantiation section of the code provides that any advertiser must be able to substantiate any claim objectively with documentary evidence which emanates from an independent , credible and expert source acceptable to the ASA .
The ASA then invoked this clause .
Monsanto's lawyers then pulled a letter out of the hat from Covance Laboratories in the USA which inter alia stated that they were not affiliated with Monsanto .
After applying their minds to the letter from Covance in the USA , Justice King ruled that the benefits of " GM - Corn " had nothing to do with the case in front of them .
After having given Monsanto every opportunity to substantiate their claim they had failed to do so .
The letter from Covenance made no mention of the issue which was before the ASA for consideration .
" The statement which the complainant alleges is false , to wit : ' This is one of the most extensively tested and controlled types of food , and no negative reactions have ever been reported . ' goes beyond merely indicating safety .
It expressly states that out of all the studies done in this field no negative effects have ever been reported . "
Without reference to the fact that Monsanto had wasted the time of an eight member panel and come to the hearing with dirty hands , Monsanto was politely informed that their claim was unsubstantiated and in breach of the Code of Practice .
The ASA further ruled that as the claim was unsubstantiated it was not necessary to consider whether it was misleading .
Monsanto was ordered to immediately withdraw their claim and given the standard polite warning , which applies to all advertisers , that in future they must make sure that they can substantiate any claims before they publish them .
In January , this year , Monsanto was fined 15,000 euros ( 19,000 dollars ) in a French court for misleading the public about the environmental impact of herbicide Roundup .
A former chairman of Monsanto Agriculture France was found guilty of false advertising for presenting Roundup as biodegradable and claiming that it left the soil clean after use .
Monsanto's French distributor Scotts France was also fined 15,000 euros .
In 2005 Monsanto was caught smuggling South African produced GM Bollgard cotton seed into Indonesia disguised as rice .
Monsanto was fined for bribing Indonesian officials .
More recently in June this month , a second peer - reviewed case involving another variation of Monsanto 's GM maize , namely , NK603 , has been shown by studies to be potentially toxic to humans .
NK 603 has been approved for food , feed , processing , and propagation in Europe and the Philippines
The new research , carried out by the French scientific research institute CRIGEN , involves biotech firm Monsanto 's NK603 GMO corn ( marketed commercially under the name Round - up Ready ) which was approved as food and feed in the country in 2003 , and for propagation in 2005 .
Rats that were fed GM maize showed significant differences in measurements , as well as significant weight differences compared to those fed with normal maize .
Almost 70 statistically significant differences were observed and reported - 12 for hematology parameters , 18 for clinical chemistry parameters , nine for urine chemistry parameters , six for the organ weights ( brain , heart , liver ) , 14 for body weights and body weight changes , and eight for food consumption .
toxicity ,
The most alarming was the diminished brain size .
Scientists warned that this was a danger warning for growing children .
Here is the unsubstantiated Monsanto 's advert which had to be withdrawn after the judgment :
Is your food safe ?
Biotechnology - the true facts
The safety of genetically modified food products though biotechnology remains a subject of uncertainty to many people , but after more than twenty years ' of research and ten years ' commercial use , genetically modified grain products have been found to be just as healthy , nutritious and safe as normal products .
All commercially approved grain products that have been genetically modified adhere to strict food , feed and environmental safety guidelines of regulatory authorities worldwide .
This is one of the most extensively tested and controlled types of food , and no negative reactions have ever been reported .
In fact , these innovative products also lead to food with improved nutritional value , which includes enhanced vitamin A , protein and antioxidant content , as well as better food safety through the removal of allergens and anti-nutrients .
In short , you can use it with confidence !
Tested .
Healthy .
Nutritious .
Safe .
The Askhams were hospitalised after returning from Mexico Leaflets about the swine flu outbreak and how to prevent its spread are to be delivered to every UK household .
The Department of Health is also urgently looking at increasing stockpiles of masks , most likely for issue to health professionals .
The results of swine flu tests on 23 people in Scotland are expected later .
A Falkirk couple , who recently returned from Mexico , are the UK 's first cases .
The virus is thought to have killed nearly 160 people in Mexico .
The number of swine flu cases globally is rising and the US has confirmed that the death of a 23 - month - old child there is the first fatality outside Mexico .
The Prime Minister , Gordon Brown , has been briefed on the latest developments by the Chief Medical Officer for England , Sir Liam Donaldson , and Health Secretary Alan Johnson , who are continuing emergency talks .
Information campaign Delivery of the government leaflets should start within days .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) raised its pandemic alert status to level four on Monday - two levels from a full pandemic - after concluding there had been sustained transmission between humans .
Guidelines for doctors issued in recent months had anticipated using public information leaflets in such a situation , said BBC health correspondent Branwen Jeffreys .
But a national pandemic flu helpline set out in the government plans is not expected to be operational before the autumn .
The prime minister has said Britain is " among the best prepared countries in the world " to deal with the outbreak .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " We have been preparing for this kind of scenario for many years , " he said , insisting that Britain was now taking " all the urgent action that is necessary " .
A Department of Health spokesman said : " We are urgently looking into how we can increase our current stockpiles of facemasks for healthcare workers who would come into close contact with symptomatic individuals during an influenza pandemic . "
Scientific evidence did not support healthy people wearing masks while going about normal life , he added .
The Scottish government says it already has a high number of masks and does not need to stockpile more .
It is advising businesses to make plans for preserving continuity of supply and asking families to consider how they might prepare for school closures , shortages of supplies and travel constraints .
The Holyrood government is awaiting the results of tests on 23 people displaying swine flu symptoms .
Fourteen have been screened after returning from Mexico or the US , while nine had been in contact with the British couple confirmed as having swine flu .
Iain and Dawn Askham , of Polmont , near Falkirk , are continuing to improve at Monklands Hospital in Airdrie , Lanarkshire , although doctors say it is unlikely they will be released on Wednesday .
CONFIRMED & SUSPECTED CASES
Mexico : 159 suspected deaths - seven confirmed cases US : 1 death .
64 confirmed cases Canada : 13 confirmed cases New Zealand : 3 confirmed cases UK , Spain , Israel : 2 confirmed cases each Germany : 3 confirmed cases Countries with suspected cases : Brazil , Guatemala , Peru , Australia , and South Korea , and seven EU states
In pictures : Swine flu spreads Life at centre of the outbreak Swine flu :
Your experiences Mapping the outbreak
The couple were mixing with people at home and work for five days after their return from honeymoon in Cancun , before being admitted to hospital .
If any of the Askhams ' friends or workmates test positive , " it will mean the infection was transmitted here in Scotland " , says Scotland correspondent Colin Blane .
Eight suspected cases are under investigation in Wales - all linked to travel in Mexico - while none have yet been reported in Northern Ireland .
The Health Protection Agency said it was not releasing details about any suspected cases in England until swine flu was confirmed .
The health secretary has said a stockpile of anti-viral drugs will be used to treat patients showing symptoms , should the virus start spreading in the UK .
Sir Liam Donaldson said : " We ca n't make [ a pandemic ] go away , but what we can do through our plans , particularly our stockpiles of anti-virals , is mitigate its effect . "
The Conservatives have criticised the government over the national flu helpline , which was supposed to be ready in early 2009 .
Shadow health minister Stephen O'Brien said the line would be crucial in giving people access to information and medication without having to visit GPs or hospitals .
' Armageddon ' Virus Prof John Oxford , of Barts and the London School of Medicine , said he was optimistic about the UK 's ability to deal with any pandemic , thanks to its large stock of anti-viral drugs .
However , he warned that the virus could mutate to make drugs or vaccines ineffective .
The virus could spread to south - east Asia where it could mix with the highly virulent H5 form to create an " Armageddon " virus , said Prof Oxford .
However , even in this situation , the UK had tens millions of vaccines which would be effective , he added .
NHS Direct has stopped call centre staff from booking new periods of time off until further notice , as it anticipates more calls .
Its website has been much busier than usual .
SYMPTOMS - WHAT TO DO
Swine flu symptoms are similar to those produced by ordinary seasonal flu - fever , cough , sore throat , aches , chills and fatigue
If you have flu symptoms and recently visited affected areas of Mexico , seek medical advice
If you suspect you are infected , stay at home and take advice by telephone initially , in order to minimise the risk of infection
Q&A : What is swine flu ?
Swine flu :
How serious a threat ?
Official UK guidance is that anyone with flu - like symptoms who might have been in contact with the virus - such as those travelling in affected areas of Mexico - should seek medical advice .
But patients are being asked to minimise the risk of spreading the disease by not going to GP surgeries .
Instead , they should stay at home and call their healthcare provider .
Swine flu is usually found in pigs and contracted only by people in contact with the animals .
The Foreign Office is advising against all but essential travel to Mexico and has suspended routine consular and visa services at the Mexico City embassy .
On Tuesday , all Thomas Cook and Airtours holidays to Cancun were cancelled for seven days .
Holiday firms Thomson and First Choice have cancelled outbound flights to Cancun and Cozumel , up to and including 8 May , and are repatriating British holidaymakers from Mexico .
A Thomson Airways " repatriation " flight from Cancun landed at Manchester Airport on Wednesday morning after tourists chose to end their breaks early .
British Airways is not cancelling its four weekly flights to Mexico City .
However , cruise companies Royal Caribbean and Celebrity Cruises are suspending port calls in Mexico .
Have you cancelled a journey to one of the affected areas ?
Have you or someone you know recently returned from one ?
Tell us how you have been affected by the issues in this story .
Send us your comments and experiences using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Oscar sweetheart Slumdog Millionaire is likely to take home the big prize this weekend at the Academy Awards .
The film focuses on a kid from the slums of India who takes the top prize on the country ’s version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire ?
In the history of quiz show games , no game has reached the heights of Millionaire .
The game airs in various incarnations and languages in over 100 countries , making it the most successful , most watched game show ever ( sorry , Bob Barker ) .
Now the title of the show has always been a no - brainer to me .
I mean , who does n’t ?
Nevertheless , this show insists on dangling that carrot in front of the public : the promise of gaining the good life in one fell swoop based solely on one ’s grasp of trivia .
If that ai n’t the American dream , I do n’t know what is .
The carrot - dangling continues through the first few rounds of play with easy questions like , " Which animated rodent was first animated in 1910 by a guy whose name rhymes with bisney whose company has grown into a massive , international media empire ? "
Then the questions get harder ( " Which favorite lieutenant of General McLellan liked to chew Petes brand tobacco while stationed in Maryland during the third year of the American Civil War ? " ) , and they can come from any source possible .
They leave viewers shaking their heads and wishing they had a lifeline .
Basically , these questions are calculated to significantly lower the odds that any of their contestants will reach the fabled prize .
So , what are the odds that any contestant will win the million - dollar prize ?
In the decade that Millionaire has been on the air in the U.S. , only 11 people have won the million .
Each episode features about 2 people with at least 20 episodes per season .
That means there ’s been an estimated total of 400 contestants in the show ’s ten years .
That also means the odds of winning in the U.S. are roughly 2.7 percent .
Not bad .
You ’d probably have better luck just going to med school or business school .
Asa Foss spends his days fielding calls from construction workers who were bulldozed along with Maryland ’s home - building market and now want to be part of a booming side - industry : making houses more energy - efficient .
The callers tell Foss that they ’re desperate for work and that the classes he teaches can help them get it .
He tells them there ’s a two - year waiting list .
Foss runs Maryland Home Performance , a state - sponsored program based in the Washington suburb of Bethesda , Md. , that trains workers in re-engineering buildings to cut electricity use .
The field -- and Foss ’ voice mailbox -- got a steroid shot this year when President Obama and Congress set aside $ 20 billion for energy efficiency in the federal stimulus package .
The result is a case study in the challenges of flooding federal dollars into a sector that long survived on a trickle .
Advertisement
The average American family spends about $ 2,000 a year on home energy bills , the Energy Department reports .
In most cases , a quarter to a third of the energy is wasted :
Air leaks through windows , ducts and poor insulation ; older appliances hog power .
The Obama administration believes that presents a prime opportunity to create jobs and free up cash for homeowners .
The administration estimates the first wave of stimulus efficiency spending will employ 87,000 people -- including energy auditors who scour buildings for waste with high - tech sensors and weatherization contractors who install the often - simple upgrades that cut energy bills .
In addition , the White House believes the program will significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions and help combat climate change .
Critics question the job projections and warn some money could be siphoned off by scam artists or bureaucrats .
They worry that there are n’t enough specific accountability measures attached to the money , or specifics on how the money will be targeted .
Nonetheless , states are racing to expand or create training programs that will help displaced workers launch careers in the efficiency field .
Advertisement
Maryland ’s housing department plans to launch a program to train workers who will weatherize low - income homes .
And Foss , whose program is run by the state energy department , says he needs more staff to help train applicants .
“ We have this year ’s budget with next year ’s expectations , ” he said .
In the private sector , firms nationwide say they ’re doubling or tripling workforces to upgrade millions of homes , businesses and government buildings .
The reason ?
The stimulus spending and an accompanying batch of new tax breaks for efficiency .
Chief executives and analysts expect the demand to last , in part because of some strings attached to the stimulus money that push states to adopt ongoing efficiency incentives .
“ It ’s absolutely monstrous , ” said John Berger , chief executive of Standard Renewable Energy , a Houston - based efficiency company with offices in four states , “ both in terms of the opportunity for us and in terms of accomplishing what the objective was , which is use less energy . ”
Advertisement
Many states have seen their efficiency funds bulge overnight by as much as 10 times .
For example , California will receive $ 411 million in stimulus efficiency funds , Maryland is getting $ 113 million and Illinois will see nearly $ 350 million .
Yet veterans of the efficiency business say the rush of money and new contractors demand strict measures to ensure the upgrades work .
“ You basically have the word ‘ efficiency ’ sprinkled throughout the stimulus package , but you do n’t have actual specific targets , or a list of priorities , ” said Edward Mazria , the founder of Architecture 2030 , a nonprofit that works to improve energy efficiency in buildings .
State officials and the U.S. Department of Energy have promised strict transparency and spending controls .
In a recent report , the department ’s inspector general detailed the potential for waste , fraud and abuse in the efficiency programs and recommended ways to prevent them .
Advertisement
The department is rapidly hiring oversight staff and plans to audit homes that receive efficiency upgrades every few months .
It is helping to establish 40 training centers nationwide and will require states to show detailed training and oversight plans before they receive the bulk of their funding .
“ The level of scrutiny on this program is going to be extraordinary , as it should be , ” vowed Matt Rogers , the Energy Department ’s senior advisor for stimulus fund implementation .
“ If we are successful , people will understand we can create good jobs . ”
Many entrepreneurs , lured into the market over the last few years by soaring energy prices , say they ’re already hiring based on the promise of federal dollars .
Standard Renewable Energy -- which combines efficiency upgrades with solar - panel installations and other high - tech methods of reducing energy bills -- is set to jump from 250 staff and contract employees to at least 400 , and possibly more , by year ’s end .
Advertisement
Berger said he was inundated with resumes , largely from former construction workers , for jobs that started at $ 10 an hour for beginning installers up to six figures for managers .
Government officials and efficiency contractors say the most important fuel for the industry could be the sheer volume of work remaining once the stimulus funds run dry .
“ The stimulus package will only be able to improve 2 % to 3 % of the existing housing stock in the United States , ” predicted Peter Van Buren , president of TerraLogos Green Home Services in Baltimore .
“ We have a lot of work to do . ”
--
Advertisement
jtankersley@tribune.com
Author Feedback
Print Article
A Developer 's Guide to Python 3.0 : Standard Library
The changes to the standard library in Python 3.0 truly " clean house . "
The results are both more usable and less cluttered .
by Gigi Sayfan Apr 23 , 2009
Page 1 of 6 he previous articles in the series covered the most significant changes to the
PEP 3108 - Standard Library Reorganization
The Python standard library is one of the strongest libraries around and adequately supports Python 's motto of " batteries included . "
But , over the years some cruft accumulated in the standard library .
Python 3.0 takes full advantage of the fact that it's not backwardly compatible , using that lack of compatibility as a way to " clean house . "
PEP 3108 describes in detail the changes to the standard modules .
Removed modules For Python 3.0 , many older modules were simply removed .
These were either already deprecated , or dropped because they were n't used often , or because better alternatives were already available in the standard library or in third - party packages .
Many platform - specific modules were removed too , including :
The dl module , which has been superseded by ctypes
The dircache module , which was rarely used and easily implemented
The ihooks module , because it was undocumented and used only by rexec ( turned off in Python 2.3 due to security issues ) , which has now been removed as well .
popen2 is gone ( use subprocess ) as well as sets ( use the builtin set and frozenset types )
md5 and sha are gone ( use hashlib ) Renamed Modules
Other modules were renamed to comply with PEP - 8 style ( short , all lowercase , and underscores may be used ) .
I 'm not particularly fond of this naming convention , which is sometimes referred to as " allwordssmashedtogether " for obvious reasons .
For example , SocketServer has been renamed to socketserver .
I would prefer a mandatory underscore between words ( e.g. socket_server ) , because I feel that improves readability in a significant way .
Every successful naming scheme I know of has a way to emphasize word boundaries in multi- word names : Lisp uses hyphens ( multi- word - name ) , other common methods are camel - casing ( MultiWordName or multiWordName ) and underscores , ( multi_word_name ) .
The Ada programming language went a little overboard and promotes both capitalization and underscores ( Multi_Word_Name ) .
Anyway , whether you like it or not , Python 3.0 adheres to this new official naming convention consistently across the standard library .
Some modules are not intended for public consumption ; they 're used only by other modules from the standard library .
These have a single underscore prefix in the name to make their use clearer .
For example , markupbase has been renamed to _markupbase .
There were some larger changes where multiple modules have been renamed and moved into a package .
For example , Python 3.0's html , http and tkinter packages contain a number of formerly top - level modules .
The http.server module now contains the former BaseHTTPServer , CGIHTTPServer , and SimpleHTTPServer .
The new urllib package contains functionality from the erstwhile urllib , urllib2 , urlparse , and robotparser organized into slightly different modules : urllib .
request , urllib.error , urllib.parse , and urllib.robotparser .
he previous articles in the series covered the most significant changes to the core language and type system and the basic data types in Python 3.0 .
This article covers the changes to the standard library .
The Python standard library is one of the strongest libraries around and adequately supports Python 's motto of " batteries included . "
But , over the years some cruft accumulated in the standard library .
Python 3.0 takes full advantage of the fact that it's not backwardly compatible , using that lack of compatibility as a way to " clean house . "
PEP 3108 describes in detail the changes to the standard modules .
For Python 3.0 , many older modules were simply removed .
These were either already deprecated , or dropped because they were n't used often , or because better alternatives were already available in the standard library or in third - party packages .
Many platform - specific modules were removed too , including : Other modules were renamed to comply with PEP - 8 style ( short , all lowercase , and underscores may be used ) .
I 'm not particularly fond of this naming convention , which is sometimes referred to as " allwordssmashedtogether " for obvious reasons .
For example , SocketServer has been renamed to socketserver .
I would prefer a mandatory underscore between words ( e.g. socket_server ) , because I feel that improves readability in a significant way .
Every successful naming scheme I know of has a way to emphasize word boundaries in multi- word names : Lisp uses hyphens ( multi- word - name ) , other common methods are camel - casing ( MultiWordName or multiWordName ) and underscores , ( multi_word_name ) .
The Ada programming language went a little overboard and promotes both capitalization and underscores ( Multi_Word_Name ) .
Anyway , whether you like it or not , Python 3.0 adheres to this new official naming convention consistently across the standard library .
Some modules are not intended for public consumption ; they 're used only by other modules from the standard library .
These have a single underscore prefix in the name to make their use clearer .
For example , markupbase has been renamed to _markupbase .
There were some larger changes where multiple modules have been renamed and moved into a package .
For example , Python 3.0 ' sandpackages contain a number of formerly top - level modules .
The http.server module now contains the former BaseHTTPServer , CGIHTTPServer , and SimpleHTTPServer .
The newpackage contains functionality from the erstwhile urllib , urllib2 , urlparse , and robotparser organized into slightly different modules : urllib .
request , urllib.error , urllib.parse , and urllib.robotparser .
Next Page 123456 Next Page » Author Feedback
Email Article
Print Article
That security is socially constructed does not mean that there are not to be found real , material conditions that help to create particular interpretations of threats , or that such conditions are irrelevant to either the creation or undermining of the assumptions underlying security policy .
Enemies , in part , “ create ” each other , via the projections of their worst fears onto the other ; in this respect , their relationship is intersubjective .
To the extent that they act on these projections , threats to each other acquire a material character .
- Ronnie Lipschutz , UCSC
Kim Jong - Il wants attention .
And now he has it .
He wo n’t go in our ‘ Morons of the Week ’ column and certainly scores points for knowing how to misuse national resources to get international attention .
Our problem with MSM coverage of the North Korea ‘ missile threat ’ is with the purported hegemonic discourse .
Hegemonic discourse does not pertain to just speech ; it refers to whole narratives , with a hero and a villain , and us and them that we must defeat and overcome .
The point of hegemonic discourse–in this case the discourse of the United States on demonizing North Korea and drawing attention to its nuclear activities — is to subjugate and oppress the counter - discourses of a race - war , nuclearism and anti-capitalism .
(1) Race war discourse
While this is not a clash of civilizations , it is certainly a race war in that the entire discourse revolves around preventing certain kinds of people from acquiring and using nuclear weapons .
Would the United States use the same tactics in France ?
Or even India ?
No , in fact it looked the other way on outrageous French nuclear testing in the Pacific and supports India ’s nuclear program despite the fact that it is not a signatory of the NPT !
Ronnie Lipschutz has some fine lines for us in On Security :
To be sure , the United States and Russia do not launch missiles against each other because both know the result would be annihilation .
But the same is true for France and Britain , or China and Israel .
It was the existence of the Other that gave deterrence its power ; it is the disappearance of the Other that has vanquished that power .
Where Russia is now concerned , we are , paradoxically , not secure , because we see no need to be secured .
In other words , as Ole Waever might put it , where there is no constructed threat , there is no security problem .
France is fully capable of doing great damage to the United States , but that capability has no meaning in terms of U.S. security .
On the other hand , see the Iran nuclear ‘ crisis ’ as an example .
The United States has demonized Ahmadinejad at every opportunity and conjured him up as an Islamic fundamentalist and nationalist who will defy non-proliferation at all costs .
On the other hand , Ahmadinejad cheekily asked the United States to join the rest of civilization in worshipping God .
That is the discourse of race war but it is concealed by juridical discourse — the hegemonic discourse .
To borrow from Michael Foucault , the United States is using the juridical schema of nuclear non-proliferation to conceal the war - repression schema .
North Korea is the historical Other , the terrorist , the threat against whom the world must be protected in the juridical schema .
Yet , under the war - repression schema , North Korea is a sovereign nation with the right to develop nuclear and communications technology .
And this latest action is really nothing more than a plea for economic help .
(2) Nuclearism discourse
Tied to the race war schema , is the discourse of nuclearism , which refers to the ideology that nuclear weapons are instruments of peace .
Nukespeak in the form of MAD or the hype over so - called precision weapons by our leaders has had trickle - down effects to the point of achieving a mental - wipe or historical amnesia of the U.S. nuclear attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
This discourse effectively represents a war on history and subjugation of knowledges about the horrors of nuclear war and fallout .
Closely related to nuclearism is the issue of whiteness around nuclear weapons , the paternalistic presupposition that Western powers are the responsible and rightful leaders on the issue , the racist ideology that nuclear weapons in the hands of an Islamic country or “ terrorist ” spells end to world peace or catastrophe while it is perfectly alright for France , Britain , the United States , Russia , China and now India , to have nuclear weapons .
The epistemological assumptions of nuclearism are dangerous , besides being racist and morally repulsive .
The formation of a “ nuclear club ” and an exclusive right to possess nuclear weapons makes them a forbidden fruit and an issue of prestige , thereby encouraging proliferation .
Indeed , discourse around the North Korea and Iran nuclear buildup denotes that these countries see a successful completion of the fuel cycle or the launching of a rocket as an issue of great prestige .
There is absolutely nothing prestigious about owning weapons of mass destruction , weapons that can end civilization .
However , countries like North Korea and Iran can be forgiven for their nuclearist mentality ; after all , it is an implication of the discourse that has been perpetuated by the West , a discourse that has become common knowledge and culture .
Nuclearism must be addressed and put on the table to move past the current impasse over nuclear negotiations and the non-proliferation regime .
Without denouncing nuclear weapons and facing our moral conscience as the only nation to have ever used nuclear weapons , we cannot hope to avert nuclear proliferation and prevent ‘ rogue states ’ from going that route .
(3) Anti-Capitalism Discourse
Truth be told , much of the world is suffering from the dire effects of an international economic system that does not benefit them .
All the signs of desperation are present .
They come from the rallies and burning of effigies around the world .
The violent protests against NATO and the G - 20 summit .
The high prices of food .
They come as small requests from students on whether anyone is listening .
And even the scapegoating of the Other ( be it gays , Muslims , liberals , undocumented immigrants ) is really an ignorant response to our unwanted troubles , thoughts and desires .
The problem is not North Korea or Kim Jung II .
The problem is an international system of haves and have - nots , where people without institutional power vie for attention .
In this scenario , a nuclear missile from an impoverished , wretched country helps garner more attention than protests , rallies and suicide .
How else can North Korea hope to get the help that it desperately needs ?
Foolcracy is hits the nail on what might happen next :
What else of those “ consequences ” besides the expected veto of proposed UN sanctions ?
It probably means that a deal will be made with North Korea for food and other essentials .
In return , North Korea will “ give up ” part of its nuclear or rocket program and …then , in a couple of years , they will go back to the same game of spitting in the face of the world in exchange for food and other essentials .
In other words , its a bit like a dysfunctional family that likes to play with guns .
The Obama Administration has scrambled to battle anti-Americanism with new euphemisms .
It is not the ‘ global war on terror ’ but a ‘ global contingency operation . ’
Not likely to catch on anytime soon .
The people living in dire states and conditions , ravaged by war , poverty and hardship , know precisely what it is–an attack on their existence predicated by the United States and its allies .
We have seen and read the master narrative before of demonizing a country , bringing about regime change and killing , colonizing and repressing more peoples while doing it .
By unearthing these counter - discourses , we can hope to move towards a ‘ solution ’ to the North Korea issue .
Again , the ‘ problem - solution ’ is not the missiles , but the manner in which North Korea is seeking help and attention .
Finding common ground requires discovering and deconstructing the cultural and discursive constructs .
However , the window of opportunity is quite small , as seen by positions and interests of the parties involved .
I do n’t doubt though , that North Korea will cease to be an entity sometime in the near future and become into Korea again .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Email
LinkedIn
Print
More
Pocket
Reddit
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Reports of recent developments in Nepal and the Maoist - led government 's proposed crackdown on workers ' struggle .
Several months ago we reported public statements by Maoist government ministers that they intended to legislate to ban strikes ( see http://libcom.org/news/nepal-victory-turns-sour-22012009).
This was received badly by some pro-Maoist internet leftists ; on more than one site it was falsely insinuated that we were dishonest and / or inaccurate ( though they failed to show any evidence of this ) , that we had misinterpreted the meaning of these statements or their motive etc .
With quite desperate and convoluted argument , some even tried to defend a strike ban as part of the ' building of socialism ' in the interests of the working class .
As previously reported , to encourage foreign capitalist investment the Maoists have already passed legislation to restrict workers ' rights to defend their interests in the proposed Economic Processing Zones ( EPZs ) .
KATHMANDU , Jan 22 : After four years of finalizing the draft , the cabinet on Thursday endorsed Special Economic Zone ( SEZ )
Act , paving way for the implementation of the SEZ projects in the country . [...]
... the Act treats SEZ as a land where other domestic laws related to labor and industries would not be applicable .
It has mooted an autonomous SEZ Authority to oversee its operations .
The source stated that the ratification of the Act , which had so far lingered due to the differences over the tighter labor provisions , had became possible after the seven parties recently agreed not to launch strikes in the industries or disturb productions .
“ The Act allows workers to unite and practice collective bargaining , but prohibits them from undertaking activities that affect production and normal operations of industries , ” said the source .
It also allows the entrepreneurs to hire workers on a contract basis .
[ Our emphasis . ]
http://myrepublica.com/portal/index.php?action=news_details&news_id=1357
Quote :
Now Maoist finance minister Dr Bhattrai has told Nepal 's International Chamber of Commerce that the promised strike ban will soon be operational ;
" We are in a new political set - up and it demands a new outlook in business and industries also , " said Bhattrai .
He assured entrepreneurs that the private sector would remain a key economic player in the country .
He asked business communities to explore fields of competitive advantage .
Nepal is in political transition and there are many problems in trade and commerce sector .
" The government knows the problems and is working to solve them , " Dr Bhattarai said .
The government has been providing subsidies in fuel to industries from the second half of March .
Furthermore , the government is planning to restrict bandhs [ street protests ] and strikes in industries and essential commodities .
" Such regulations will come soon , " he assured .
( Himalayan Times online - Apr 10 2009 ) Quote :
That seems clear enough , even for pro-Maoist leftists .
Other news ;
Masters and slaves - bonded labourers return to masters for support .
The Maoist - led government in 2008 officially abolished the Haliya system of bonded labour that survived in the more remote parts of Nepal .
" Haliya also refers to the bonded labourers and the literal translation means ' one who ploughs ' .
Labourers have to work as haliya to pay off loans to their moneylender - landlord .
Once in debt they lose all control over their conditions and through exorbitant interest rates and other charges become trapped and unable to pay off their debt . "
( Anti-Slavery International . )
The Haliyas largely belong to three categories : the traditional ones , born into Haliya families ; Haliyas who spend their lives trying to pay off debt inherited from their forefathers ; and those who till their masters ’ land .
A majority belong to the second category .
Haliya predominantly affects the Dalit untouchable Hindu caste of western Nepal .
But since abolition the government have provided no infrastructure to replace the former means of subsistence , leaving the ' Haliyas ' ( bonded labourers ) and their dependents with no means of support .
“ The government did precious little to ensure our rehabilitation , ” said a frustrated Dhani , who had little option but to opt for servility to fend for a large family of 10 members .
His life story resonates with social ills that are yet to be weeded out in this day and age .
Dhani was released from Gore Saud ’s household last year .
Subsequently , he submitted a plea in the District Office , Doti , claiming his freedom .
But , in retrospect , the longing for a better secured future has backfired .
“ I ’ve to depend on my old master again since the government has failed to come up alternative means of livelihood for me , ” lamented Dhani .
Quote :
For some , things are even worse ;
Dhani has a brother - in - arms in Tula Ram Mul of Barbata of Doti , who , too , is seeking a bonded existence all over again .
He had gained freedom a good three years ago .
But , even human bondage is not finding any taker these days as Tula Ram found out to his dismay .
Nar Bahadur Sarki , a freed Haliya from Chhatiban , is also in the horns of a dilemma .
He has been denied an opportunity to serve his old master .
( Himalayan Times online - Apr 9 2009 ) Quote :
Inter - Maoist bloodletting
Matrika Yadav , a former leading Maoist , has split from the ruling Unified CPN ( Maoist ) party - claiming that leader Prachanda / Kamal and co have abandoned socialist principles and are living in luxurious corruption .
( Maoist ministers have chauffeur driven cars and salaries 40 times the average Nepali wage . )
He has organised a new party - CPN - Maoist - with other disaffected Maoists .
On Wednesday night ( 8th Apr ) these two factions clashed in Biratnagar bazaar , south - east Nepal .
Matrika 's faction torched a bus in which the Unified Maoist cadres were travellng .
Shots were fired , with some casualties including police .
Since then the police are patrolling in large numbers and have had to use baton charges and tear gas to break up clashes .
Things are now reported to have quietened down .
Across Nepal such clashes are occurring regularly between different political rivals - disputing various political , ethnic , separatist and other territorial claims .
One legacy of the Maoist civil war is that the gun is becoming the first resort in settling rival claims - bullets have become the dominant mode of political discourse .
Yesterday , hundreds of people gathered in front of the headquarters of The Authors Guild in New York City to protest the removal of text - to - speech capabilities in Amazon 's new Kindle 2 ebook device .
You may remember a few months ago , when The Authors Guild claimed ( falsely ) that the text - to - speech feature violated copyright law , and forced Amazon to disable it .
Now , the people who would have benefited most from the new feature — the blind , and others with reading disabilities — have made it clear that they 're not going to stand for it .
Gizmodo's John Mahoney was there and has excellent coverage .
He writes :
Everything was of course peaceful and contained right in front of the Authors Guild 's seventh floor offices on 32nd street on Manhattan 's east side .
They had a pretty fantastic march ring set up , with many folks leading those who could not see at all in the ring , and sighted people whose job was to tell the marchers when to turn .
Several seeing eye dogs joined in expressing their distaste .
Manon Ress of Knowledge Ecology International also attended and blogged the protest :
It is not that easy for 300 plus people ( even with super smart dogs ) and kids in tow to walk in a long circle for two hours holding big signs ...
These people were tough .
It was an honor to walk with them .
In a statement , The Authors Guild called the protest " unfortunate and unnecessary , " and declared , " We will not surrender our members ' economic rights to Amazon or anyone else . "
They offered a novel solution to the problem : Amazon could maintain a registry of verified blind and disabled people , who would be granted special permission to use the text - to - speech feature .
The suggestion is of course ridiculous .
Contrary to The Authors Guild 's claims , the text - to - speech feature does not violate copyright law and does not pose any competitive threat to writers .
The feature should be enabled for all Kindle customers , not just those with disabilities .
The Authors Guild rightly laments " how difficult the road ahead is for the already fragile economics of authorship " — but this is exactly why it was nonsensical of them to force Amazon to adopt a system that has made it more difficult for blind and disabled customers to legally purchase and read authors ' works .
If you could n't make the protest , but would like to support The Right To Read campaign , consider signing their petition to The Authors Guild .
Many signers included a short personal story with their signature , and KEI 's James Love has posted dozens of the most striking stories on Huffington Post .
Here are a few that caught my eye :
Ann Marie Deverson , Florida :
My daughter is visually impaired and she should be able to have access to the same literature everyone else does .
I would think most authors would like to attract a wider audience .
Braille books are n't always available , so why should my daughter and everyone else in the world who is blind or visually impaired be restricted access .
Martha Thorp , Kansas :
Back in the day , books on tape saved me when I was unable to physically read and / or hold a hard - copy publication .
In this time of highly refined technology , the act of preventing access to information is unthinkable .
Glenn Crosby , Louisiana :
Access to printed material is critical to blind and other print disabled people if we are to compete effectively with our sighted counterparts , and as someone who reads " talking books " regularly , I would love to have access to a broader variety of materials .
Not only that , I feel that since I am willing to pay for books , I should be able to access them just as others do .
The protest over the Kindle is just one area where disability rights are intersecting the fight over IP law .
Globally , groups like the World Blind Union , EFF and KEI are working to ensure that copyright 's exceptions and limitations really do provide the access to knowledge that lawmakers intended , and are not impeded by inconsistencies or overreaching anti-circumvention provisions .
The Top Five Detective Shows
Psych
Bones
Law and Order:SVU
Monk is one of the more unusual detective show to make the list .
Monk follows well Monk , a man who was so distraught after his wife 's murder , that he developed terrible OCD and is laid off from his job at the Police Department .
Monk eventually rejoins and brilliantly solves
is one of the more unusual detective show to make the list .
Monk follows well Monk , a man who was so distraught after his wife 's murder , that he developed terrible OCD and is laid off from his job at the Police Department .
Monk eventually rejoins and brilliantly solves crime from his unique view point .
The television show is very light and happy but , in some specific elements it explores dark stories with that special Monk touch .
Monk makes the list for its quirky atmosphere and happy pick me up feeling that it pulls off even with the presence of deaths and murders .
Fringe is a new fox series that centers around detective Oliva Dunham .
The show deffenitaly defferiantates itself in many ways .
For one it doesnt follow the usual story , in Fringe all the murders follow the " pattern " or that scientists are now testing their Fringe science on the world .
Very strange and awsome murders insue all following a dark mysterious pattern that leave you wanting more .
This show makes the list for its inventive mysterious story 's always leaving me with a fantastic cliff hanger .
I hope this show stays around for a long time .
Everybody loves the classic detective show .
Detective shows are some of the most fantastic intrging show on the T.V .
With so many off them i am going to list my 5 personal favorites here in no particular order .is the hilarious story of Shawn Spencer , a man who as a child was , trained by his father to be a fantastic detective .
Shawn does n't join the police force but , instead uses his skills to pretend to be a psychic .
Though this show may not be as intense as some of the other shows on this list , it makes the list for sheer hilarity alone .
Shawn 's style of investigation , the setting and the diversity of story stops this from being your run of the mill average detective show .
is a Fox detective show centering on Dr. Temprance or " Bones " , a very smart doctor who knows a whole lot about anatomy but has absolutely no social skills .
She is counter balanced by Booth , a savvy FBI agent .
This may seem like a run of the mill average show .
The thing that saves the show is the inventive stories that sometimes can be serious and other times can be particularly funny .
This show makes the list for its mix of hilarity with drama and variety or writing .is a long running staple of the industry .
Law and Order has a diversity I think not many other detective shows can claim .
The first half of the show usually focuses on the detectives role in investigating a crime .
There are two main detectives and two minor ones that play roles from time to time .
The plots focus many times on " special " crimes such as those involving minors , rape or other distinctive factors .
All of the Detectives are well developed and have their moments to shine .
My particular favorite is Ice Cube 's character who is particularly street savvy .
The second half of the show plays on the trial and the problems with that .
This in particular is my favorite part but sometimes is downplayed for the detective part of the show .
This one lands itself on the list for the interesting development of the story line and fantastic acting .
WE CONCERN ABOUT THE ABUSE AND TORTURE OF THE FOLLOWINGS :- DIRECTED ENERGY WEAPONS ; NEUROLOGICAL WEAPONS ; MIND CONTROL WEAPONS ; BODY AND BRAIN MANIPULATION WEAPONS ; PSYCHOTRONIC WEAPONS ; SPACE WEAPONS ; NON - LETHAL WEAPONS ; COINTELPRO ; ANDany other unacknowledged or as yet undeveloped means inflicting death or injury on , or damaging or destroying , a person ( or the biological life , bodily health , mental health , or physical and economic well - being of a person ) through the use of land - based , sea - based , or space - based systems using radiation , electromagnetic , psychotronic , sonic , laser , or other energies directed at individual persons or targeted populations or the purpose of information war , mood management , or mind control of such persons or populations .
Please help to ban abuses and tortures of above - mentioned weapons .
Yours Sincerely ,
Soleilmavis http://peacepink.ning.com
Hosea 4:6
My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge .
( The Holy Bible )
More Information about mind control , directed energy weapons http://peacepink.ning.com/forum/topics/introduce-mind-control-and
More information about Mind Reading technologies http://peacepink.ning.com/forum/topics/information-about-mind-reading
Laws Against Criminal Uses of Electromagnetic Energy Weapons http://peacepink.ning.com/profiles/blogs/laws-against-criminal-uses-of
" Mailtem " members of THE WORLDWIDE CAMPAIGN AGAINST the ( secret ) Abuse and Torture That Uses Mind Control , Directed Energy Weapons and Manipulation Weapons on Every Living Being .
http://peacepink.ning.com/forum/topics/mailteam-members
READER COMMENTS ON
" Real Conservatism Wins Again : CT Supreme Court Rules in Favor of Marriage Equality For All "
( 10 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Hoffwmn said on 10/10/2008 @ 11:57 am PT ...
How does this article fit with the banner ad at the top of the page supporting Proposition 8 in California which would amend the state constitution to take the fundamental right to marry away from gay couples .
It seems wholly disingenuous that you laud the Connecticut court 's decision here and , at the same time , profit form the advocacy of the withdrawal of these same rights in California .
I think it is time to pay attention to who is paying you to advertise on your space before your credibility is completely destroyed .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 10/10/2008 @ 12:26 pm PT ...
Thanks for your input , Hoffwmn .
There is no intended endorsement of any ad on this or any blog site you visit , nor should one ever be inferred or implied .
This blog is offered as a free service to readers , who are not required to subscribe or contribute ( although any contributions to defray the costs of offering this free service are greatly appreciated and reduce the need to rely on advertisers ) .
The only way this , and most other independent media outlets can continue to operate is through advertising , especially in these difficult economic times .
We assume that readers here are intelligent and responsible , and are fully competent to come to their own conclusions regarding the issues of the day .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... woody , tokin librul said on 10/10/2008 @ 1:23 pm PT ...
Gay marriage is now and always has been a straight - up , full - on , monster 14th Amendment slam dunk .
There is no constitutionally acceptable way to grant the STATE benefits of " marriage " to so - called straight couples but deny it to same - sex couples .
I do n't thinik it was ever argued as a straight up 14th amendment issue , but it should have been ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Burns said on 10/10/2008 @ 3:23 pm PT ...
I think it would be more helpful to characterize this issue as a conflict between two interests , rather than the overly simplistic " discrimination v. equal rights " framing .
It is a dishonest framing , because there is a very legitimate interest in the people to determine what kinds of relationships they will sanction with official status , and more importantly , subsidize and support .
You 've given up arguing why society should recognize and value homosexual unions , and instead have resorted to the discussion - killing claim that society has no right to decide this at all .
The court 's logic is therefore a sham - it rests on the thesis that the state cannot favor certain kinds of relationships ( qualified by the gender of the parties in this case ) , and then proceeds to violate that very principle in limiting marriage to couples .
The court took the people 's " discriminatory " law , said no no no , and wrote its own ( equally discriminatory , by its own logic ) law .
I generally think the left 's thinking on social issues extraordinarily convoluted and in stark contrast to their generally sound economic principles and values .
In fact , the left 's economic platform ( worthy ) will fail to the extent that the left 's social platform ( destructive ) succeeds .
You are anti-democratic on social issues , just as the Republicans are anti-democratic on economics .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/10/2008 @ 3:50 pm PT ...
Nancy Hoffman " Hoffwmn " -
As I replied to your previous comment , in another thread , on this same issue : Just so you know , I had n't seen that ad , but it 's likely one of the Google ads that rotates in , that I have little control over .
Some ads on the site here , I approve before they are seen , others , like that one , are rotated in from a network .
In general , I only disapprove ads ( those I have control over , anyway ) when they are misleading propaganda of sorts .
I 've had to disapprove of ads even from folks I like on that basis .
As to the Protect Marriage ad ( which I have n't yet seen , as not all ads show in all places for all users here )
I 'll look out for it and see if it needs to be removed , and if I 'm able to do so .
For the record though , I do n't disapprove comments based solely on content .
Eg. , if John McCain wanted to advertise here ( even though it'd be a cold day in hell before I voted for him ) , I 'd likely accept his money , as long as his ad was n't deceptive .
Same would be true for Obama ( who I ca n't imagine voting for either ! ) .
Where I can , I try to keep a separation between ad and editorial here , and try to design the page so that it 's very clear what is an ad , and what is actual content .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/10/2008 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
Chris Burns attempted to obfuscate with : " there is a very legitimate interest in the people to determine what kinds of relationships they will sanction with official status , and more importantly , subsidize and support . "
Sure .
If they do n't wish to sanction marriages for anybody , they do n't have to .
But they can't defy the Constitution which grants equal protection under the law .
" You are anti-democratic on social issues , just as the Republicans are anti-democratic on economics . "
You may wish to review the U.S. Constitution , Chris , as we do n't live in a strict democracy .
There are certain things we can vote on , and certain things we can't .
The Constitution supercedes all laws , and was written to protect the minority over the tyranny of the majority .
If you wish to change the Constitution , have at it .
I 'll stand by it .
Even if you wo n't .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 10/10/2008 @ 6:42 pm PT ...
Chris , you said : there is a very legitimate interest in the people to determine what kinds of relationships they will sanction with official status , and more importantly , subsidize and support .
So what is the state 's compelling interest ?
Seriously .
And where does this ' subsidizing ' of relationships occur ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Burns said on 10/12/2008 @ 12:11 am PT ...
I 'm not sure how my claim can be characterized as mere " obfuscation " , as you say .
It is a legitimate point ( which I will here elaborate upon ) that you ought to address in an intellectually straightforward way , rather than sling adjectives .
As for the use of the " equal protection " clause of the 14th amendment , it along with the " substantive due process " aspect is quite possibly the most abused clause in the document .
Honestly , following recent courts ' leads , you can use it to justify almost any decision .
Often it seems as if the court decides what it 's going to do , then looks for a justification .
Finding none in the text of the law or the constitution , they turn to the fourteenth amendment as a kind of constitutional swiss army knife .
As a simple illustration of the left 's unprincipled pick - and - choose strategy , witness the argument over affirmative action , where their absolutist reading of " equal protection " is carefully set aside .
As for DES 's comment , the compelling interest , of course , is to encourage ( using the carrot of marriage and its attendant privileges and immunities ) permanence in those relationships ( heterosexual couples ) that are overwhelmingly likely to produce children - both planned and unplanned .
I 'll take it for granted that you can see why well - structured families are important in the rearing of responsible well - adjusted citizens , and move on to the question of what harm is done here .
It might even be too late , since we started screwing with marriage in the '50s with divorce law liberalization .
Society appears to have forgotten what marriage is for - it has not been for the benefit of lovers , it has been for the benefit of children .
That is its function .
When we " open up " marriage to encompass relationships that cannot conceivably bear any relation to our reproductive capacity , then we legally and artificially sever the natural link between marriage and children , sex and procreation .
Marriage now becomes something that exclusively serves the needs and desires of the spouses .
It follows that once their needs / desires are no longer served by their marriage , the logical thing to do is allow it to dissolve in divorce , and its function for providing a stable environment for the next generation is lost .
This is a problem because there is no other structure we have to fill that void .
I wo n't bore you with the usual list of depressing statistics that illustrated the disadvantages piled up on children of divorced parents relative to their two - parented peers .
Finally , if you do n't find this argument compelling , that 's fine , you can vote to loosen marriage , and I will vote to retain it .
The use of the courts to muscle it onto the people from the top , however , is a tragic cop-out .
The comparison I expect to hear in retort is with the civil rights court decisions of the 50's and 60's .
The essential difference is clear : the discriminatory segregation laws in the south were historically rooted in racism and hatred , and clearly served no social purpose other than to preserve that racism and hatred .
There was no social utility and it therefore was gratuitous and immoral ( yes , that 's right , morality in the public square ) .
Here , as I 've briefly summarized ( and many state courts have elaborated on if you were to read the opinions ) , there is substantial utility rooted in history and culture .
Marriage was never designed to be " discriminatory " , only to serve a function that happens to be meaningless in the context of a homosexual relationship .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/12/2008 @ 2:50 am PT ...
Yes , Chris , that horse is very long out of the barn already .
Marriage is n't for anything but the whim of the married anymore .
But homosexual couples can , and do , have children .
Whether it is from a heterosexual past relationship , or a surrogate , or straight - up adoption , a very lot of them have children .
By your own argument , they should be encouraged to marry .
We have so many huge crises in front of us and on top of us , the crusade to try to lure , or drag , that horse back into the barn is just suicidally petty right now .
When we 're back off the brink of WWIII and have all the mitigations in place for the global warming problem and something like a remotely equitable society back , then we can sit down and hash out what the heck is the best way to deal with relationships and families .
Really .
Think about it .
Are you nuts ?
Look around you .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/12/2008 @ 7:09 pm PT ...
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A cyclist was knocked out after being hit by a corpse thrown from a speeding car .
Student Wu Dan , 16 , was riding home when the incident happened .
His uncle Yun Tsui said : " A car passed and a package came flying out the door .
It had a dead woman inside .
My nephew was very upset . "
Police believe she was the victim of a car accident and was being dumped by the driver who had hit her in Dongyang , eastern China ..
On a bright spring day , the chalky slopes of the Chilterns smell of warm thyme .
Tiny purple violets bloom underfoot .
For miles beyond , the Vale of Aylesbury unfolds in a tapestry of newly minted trees , yellow fields and the spires of village churches .
This great vista of the English countryside seems gloriously immutable , unchanged since Victorian times , when Walter Rothschild would set out from Tring Park , his country house in the valley below , to throw his net at our summer butterflies and place them in his extraordinary zoological museum .
Not everything , however , would please the eye of Victorian lovers of nature .
An easyJet plane casts a shadow across the downland .
The air is filled with the complaint of two diggers , quarrying chalk from the bottom of the hill .
But what would really make Rothschild weep is what is missing : the sky and the steep meadows dotted with the white flowers of wild strawberry are almost bereft of butterflies .
Peacock butterfly .
Photograph : Getty Images / Getty Images
A casual eye might not notice it .
Butterflies are still a conspicuous symbol of our summers , much celebrated by everyone from Wordsworth to Nabokov .
On the Chilterns , a male orange tip patrols a hedgerow , two peacocks spiral into the air in a territorial dogfight and a speckled wood jinks its way through the trees .
This scattering of a few common species is pitiful , however , compared with the riches that once adorned our countryside in summer .
Near contemporaries of Rothschild wrote of skimming hundreds of purple hairstreaks from the trees or catching 100 Lulworth skippers in an hour .
In 1892 , SG Castle Russell took a walk through the New Forest : " Butterflies alarmed by my approach arose in immense numbers to take refuge in the trees above .
They were so thick that I could hardly see ahead and indeed resembled a fall of brown leaves . "
A few centuries earlier , Richard Turpyn recorded a probable mass migration to or from Britain in his Chronicles of Calais during the reigns of Henry VII and VIII : " an innumerable swarme of whit buttarflyes ... so thicke as flakes of snowe " that they blotted out views of Calais for workers in fields beyond the town .
Swarms of butterflies have long disappeared .
And a relentless decline may now become terminal for some of our best - loved species .
Following the wet summer of 2007 , last year was a disaster for butterflies : the lowest number was recorded for 27 years .
Of Britain 's precious 59 resident species , 12 experienced their worst ever year since the scientific monitoring of butterfly numbers began in 1976 .
A common blue butterfly .
Photograph : Laura Sivell / Papilio/ Corbis
I began a less than scientific monitoring of butterflies in a little notepad when I was eight , helping my dad count the tiny brown argus on the Norfolk coast where we spent our summer holidays .
Finding this darting , chocolate - brown gem ignited an awkward passion for butterflies that I kept well hidden during my teenage years .
Dad and I would go on expeditions to discover , and photograph , rare species : we would sit in a wet meadow in Cumbria waiting for the marsh fritillary to emerge , or hover by piles of horse manure in the woodlands of Surrey , hoping the majestic , haughty ( and turd - loving ) purple emperor would descend from the treetops for us .
Twenty years on , some of the nature reserves we visited have lost their precious rarities .
If trends continue , another couple of bad summers could kill off some species for ever .
Numbers of the delicate wood white were down by 66 % last year on dismal 2007 ; its population has slumped by 90 % over the long - term recording period .
The duke of burgundy and the high brown fritillary are most at risk of extinction .
The high brown survives in just 50 small sites : at one spot in Dartmoor , there were 7,200 in 1995 ; last year , there were just 87 .
Nationwide , numbers have fallen by 85 % over 10 years .
" This run of bad weather has really pushed those species to the brink in many areas , " says Martin Warren , the chief executive of Butterfly Conservation .
Wood white butterfly .
Photograph : Peter Eeles
Butterflies find it difficult to fly , feed and mate in bad weather but these figures are not just a seasonal blip caused by freakishly soggy summers .
The collecting of British butterflies has ceased to be acceptable and yet butterfly populations have still plummeted .
Far more devastating than unscrupulous collectors of old has been industrial agriculture and the loss of 97 % of England 's natural grassland and wildflower meadows ; planting conifers or letting our broadleaved woodlands become too overgrown for woodland flowers ; and the sprawl of motorways and urban development .
To this deadly cocktail has been added a new poison : climate change .
In theory , a gentle global warming should benefit almost all of Britain 's butterflies .
Creatures of sunshine , most of our butterflies are found in southern England where many are at the limit of their natural range ; as our summers become hotter , these butterflies should thrive and spread further north .
There are a few winners already : the beautiful comma is moving north and the rare silver - spotted skipper has done well thanks to hotter summers .
Britain may also be visited more regularly by exotic species that were once rare migrants .
A painted lady butterfly .
Photograph : The Linnean Society of London
The fate of one much - loved native shows that this happy outcome , however , will not come to pass for most species .
The small tortoiseshell is the labrador of the butterfly world : cheerful and content to live close to humans .
Its caterpillars devour ubiquitous nettles .
As an adult butterfly , it feasts on suburban flowers and hibernates in garden sheds , pitter - pattering against our windows when spring comes round again .
Thanks to climate change , it is spreading north and is now seen for the first time in remote parts of Scotland .
Unfortunately , so too is Sturmia bella ( how the person who named this ugly brute could call it beautiful is beyond me ) , a species of parasitic fly .
This nasty fly was recorded for the first time in Britain in Hampshire 11 years ago .
By last summer , it had reached Merseyside thanks to a modus operandi every bit as gory as the Alien films .
It lays its microscopic eggs on patches of nettles where small tortoiseshell caterpillars feed .
These unwittingly eat the fly 's eggs which become tiny worms inside the caterpillar , bursting out of their bodies just when the small tortoiseshell is beginning its miraculous transformation into a butterfly inside its chrysalis .
Last year was the worst ever year for small tortoiseshells , its population slumping by 45 % compared with 2007 , despite thousands of migrant small tortoiseshells arriving from Europe in September .
In southern and central England , it appears to have been virtually wiped out : during my afternoon roaming the Chilterns last week , I saw 10 peacocks and 12 yellow brimstones and the odd rather more elusive species , such as the grizzled skipper , but not a single small tortoiseshell .
Is Sturmia bella wiping it out ?
Where the fly finds small tortoiseshell caterpillars , their mortality rate is 61 % , according to research by Dr Owen Lewis , an ecologist at Oxford University who is studying the impact of the fly .
As with many declining species , there is seldom just one cause and the case against Sturmia bella is not yet conclusive .
In most instances where new predators arrive , the attacked species eventually adapt to elude them .
Other research suggests that , before the last two wet summers , the dry summers of a warming world also hit small tortoiseshell caterpillars : low moisture reduces the nutritional quality of nettles .
" Whichever way you look at it , it 's linked back to the climate , " says Tom Brereton , head of butterfly monitoring at Butterfly Conservation .
Climate change , he says , is a particular problem for our butterflies because our countryside is so fragmented .
Decades of ploughing up grassland and ripping out hedgerows means that more than half our butterfly species are now confined to small islands of land .
When the climate makes the current sites unsuitable , butterflies will no longer be able to fly elsewhere and find new sites .
" If you had an intact countryside , butterflies should be going through the roof , but the species can't move through the countryside like they once would have done , " says Brereton .
" Habitats are too fragmented .
There are vacant suitable habitats in parts of the countryside but the butterflies wo n't necessarily find them . "
Swallowtail butterfly .
Photograph : Alamy
Our largest and most charismatic native butterfly , the swallowtail , was once found across the fens of East Anglia and beyond until the draining of these wetlands for arable agriculture caused its extinction .
It is now confined to the Norfolk Broads .
When global warming causes the Broads to be inundated with sea water - widely expected within 100 years - the swallowtail will die unless it is relocated by humans to suitable inland sites .
These new sites will have to be meticulously created to cultivate a single , rather neurotic wetland plant used by this notoriously picky species .
Conservationists playing
God like this has already happened .
The last species to become extinct in Britain was the large blue in 1979 .
Despite heroic scientific endeavour , the full complexity of this butterfly 's weird lifecycle was not understood until it was too late .
When tiny , the large blue caterpillar throws itself on to the ground and secretes a tantalising scent which tricks ants into carefully taking it into their underground nests , whereupon the nasty caterpillar devours ant grubs until it is fully grown .
Its dependence on ants was known but not that it relied on a very particular species , which in turn needed a very specific kind of rough grassland to survive .
So , in the 1980s , conservationists brought stock from Sweden and successfully re-established the butterfly on a small field on the edge of Dartmoor .
Dad and I were ticked off by a warden when we found this secret meadow , still known only as Site X .
The large blue has since been successfully reintroduced into other areas .
With this kind of ingenuity , could we turn the whole country into a giant butterfly farm ?
Could we save every species by reintroducing them to tailor - made nature reserves or boosting populations with specimens from abroad ?
" We might do it for a few species , but it's not the basis for a conservation strategy , " says Warren .
" What about all the other insects ?
We want to get the habitats right and butterflies will tell us if we are getting it right , and then we 'll be getting it right for biodiversity as a whole . "
Amazingly , despite all our knowledge , we still get it wrong .
The pearl - bordered fritillary was known as " the woodman 's friend " because it would faithfully follow foresters around broadleaved woods as they coppiced or cut down patches of trees , attracted to the flowers that blossomed in the freshly cut glades in subsequent years .
Like many butterflies , it became inextricably linked to the way we managed our landscape , but has undergone a dramatic decline in numbers since this traditional way of " harvesting " our wood died out .
While conservation management has reintroduced coppicing - which is rarely economically viable because of the falling demand for wood fuel and is now often carried out by volunteers on nature reserves - pearl - bordered fritillaries have continued to die out , often because the work has not been carried out on a big enough scale .
Even Monks
Wood , a national nature reserve and the site of a celebrated government research station that has been the source of much of our scientific wisdom about butterflies , has lost 12 of its 40 species of butterfly since 1954 , including the pearl - bordered fritillary .
The decline of butterflies is " not all farmers and climate change " , as Brereton puts it .
Some of our rarest butterflies have been inadvertently decimated by conservation efforts .
Matthew Oates , the National Trust 's advisor on nature , takes me to the beautiful Rodborough Common in the Cotswolds , to see the first duke of burgundy butterflies of the year .
The delicate beauty of this small , fritillary - like butterfly belies its pugnacious urge to scrap with every other insect that comes near as it suns itself on the steep sides of the common .
" The Oates motto is ' never underestimate a butterfly ' , " says Oates , a jovial polymath who brings his scholarly training in poetry to bear on butterfly conservation .
If climate change brings better summers , he points out that some species will become more capable of travelling across our decimated landscape to look for new sites .
" But I am seriously worried for burgundies .
The figures are very alarming .
What 's messed it up in the last 20 years is conservation management . "
Before climate change , another man-made event , the introduction of the rabbit - killing disease myxomatosis in the 1950s , caused the decline of many grassland butterflies which relied on large rabbit populations to keep the grass short and full of flowers .
Conservation plans saw a widespread reintroduction of grazing to help rare plant species and butterflies such as the adonis blue .
But the duke of burgundy requires longer , rougher grassland and a certain size of cowslip plants ; overgrazing has caused its population to plummet .
Now it exists in such tiny colonies it could easily disappear .
" The track record of conservation management on this butterfly is bloody awful , " says Oates .
" I really think we could lose it . "
We are belatedly getting better at conserving the right kind of land for fragile , complex and , frankly , contrary butterfly species .
Butterfly Conservation had one conservation adviser a decade ago ; today , 30 advisers help landowners manage 1,000 precious sites .
Once the bete noire of conservationists , the Common Agricultural Policy now offers some funding - although not enough - to encourage farmers to manage their land for conservation .
" It 's by no means all doom and gloom but getting enough done in enough areas is the problem , " says Warren .
New demand for eco-friendly wood fuel from the sustainable harvesting of broadleaved woods would help too , recreating our traditional woodland system in which flowers and butterflies could thrive .
Climate change , however , makes it all much more complicated .
As well as new predators , new diseases may destroy native trees , flowers and insects that butterflies depend on .
Invasive weeds could crowd out butterfly food plants .
Grass and bracken - with which many rare fritillaries have a delicate relationship - are already growing back more vigorously than in the past .
Tangled woodland will need clearing more regularly .
" A lot of conservation management wo n't necessarily work in the future , " says Brereton .
" With climate change , species are changing their habitats and their requirements are changing as well .
It can be fatal to manage for what a butterfly needed 20 years ago .
We need to keep on the ball with understanding what species need because their requirements are changing as the earth warms up . "
Just as I kept my passion for butterflies hidden for fear of ridicule at school , so the butterfly hunters of old were often derided for such a whimsical , frivolous pursuit .
Butterflies may be pretty but they seem inconsequential ornaments when compared with majestic eagles or pragmatically functional insects such as worms or bees .
Every century , butterflies have become extinct in Britain .
Why should we care if we lose a few more ?
For a start , butterflies are an excellent indicator species : if butterflies are suffering then so too are thousands of less well monitored insects .
( Thanks to the scientists who set up butterfly monitoring in the 1970s and the 1,500 volunteer butterfly recorders who count numbers every summer , we have excellent data showing their decline . )
It is insects that pollinate many flowers , help matter decompose and protect other species by preying on pests .
Plants , birds , rodents and big , greedy mammals - such as human beings - depend on them .
" There is a good moral case for conservation but there is a pretty good selfish , economic case as well , " says Warren .
" With the economic downturn , people think saving butterflies is pretty low down on our list of priorities , but human beings and the natural world are linked very closely .
If the natural world goes to pot , sooner or later we will go to pot .
Butterflies ' decline probably indicates a rapid decline in invertebrates in general .
If the British situation is true across the world , we are heading for a sixth great extinction event .
There have been five in the history of the planet and this one will be man-made . "
Oates has another reason for saving our butterflies .
Each species , in its own way , is part of the cultural identity of our landscape .
Butterflies are a " conduit into natural beauty " , he explains .
" They take us on voyages of discovery to some of the most beautiful landscapes in this country . "
Many of our earliest memories of summer will involve a vivid image of a butterfly .
If we seek out butterflies , they can lead us into a natural world from which we are increasingly estranged by our material , technological and suburban existences .
" We underestimate the importance of beauty and wonder in our lives at our peril , " says Oates .
" As much as I love football , it 's no substitute for the real thing . "
After a day failing to see a single small tortoiseshell in the land where thousands once roamed - chased by the nets of obsessives such as Walter Rothschild - I head to a cool stone cupboard in Harrow School where a fraction of the 2.25 m butterflies and moths gathered by Rothschild are stored in mahogany cabinets .
This amazing collection of foreign butterflies with iridescent wings of purple , green and gold will be auctioned by Bonhams at the end of May .
Beautifully preserved , they look as if they could have been flying last week .
This glittering hoard is a melancholy reminder that we are only a hundred butterfly generations from summers of plenty .
In time , these dried , dead beauties may be the only butterflies we can gaze upon in wonder .
• A Butterfly Year , Patrick Barkham 's journey in search of British butterflies , will be published by Granta .
How you can help
Four steps to save Britain 's butterflies
Gardening
Butterflies visit gardens to drink nectar from flowers .
Many good nectar plants are hardy perennials and easy to grow .
The best for butterflies are buddleia , ice - plant ( sedum ) , lavender , michaelmas daisy and origanum ( marjoram ) .
But butterfly caterpillars need feeding too : plant holly and ivy in sunny positions where they can grow tall and flower for the holly blue .
Do n't pull up all your stinging nettles : leave a patch for comma , small tortoiseshell and red admiral butterflies .
Shopping
Buy produce from farmers who manage their land to support wildlife .
Farmland is the main habitat for more than three - quarters of British butterflies but the flower - rich grassland and hedges where they breed have been lost to modern intensive farming methods .
Some producers , and those with the Leaf marque , source food from farmers who take special care of wildlife .
Recording
Take a walk in the countryside and join Butterfly Conservation 's army of volunteers , who record butterflies for the important scientific databases which track the health of populations .
You can do it yourself and send in casual records , or join their surveying system : your sightings can help your countryside and butterfly - rich areas receive funding and better conservation management .
Recording and monitoring details at butterfly - conservation.org
Volunteering
If you fancy getting fit , you can join working parties on nature reserves to help cut back weeds , trees and scrub and manage sites for butterflies .
Your local wildlife trust will have details of how you can help .
You can also support conservation efforts by becoming a member of Butterfly Conservation , which has more details of how you can help .
Patrick Barkham 's favourite butterflies
Silver - washed fritillary
The most gracious of the fritillaries , which take their name from the delicate and subtly diﬀerent chequered patterns on their wings , this large woodland butterﬂy is one of the more common .
Other fritillaries , particularly the high brown , pearl - bordered , heath and marsh fritillaries , are among our most endangered butterﬂy species .
Many require speciﬁc management of woods and meadows to allow their caterpillars , and food plants , to ﬂourish .
Purple emperor
Our most majestic and mysterious butterﬂy , the purple emperor rules our ancient woodlands , gliding across the tops of trees in July .
His Imperial Majesty , as he was known to entomologists of old , was a great prize for Victorian collectors .
One even designed a 50ft butterﬂy net to try to entrap it .
The female is rarely seen and even though the male ﬂashes iridescent purple , he is similarly elusive .
I 've searched for the emperor on numerous occasions and only spotted him once , ﬂeetingly , silhouetted against the sky .
Camberwell beauty
Named after the London suburb that was a leafy village when this large migrant roamed its lanes , the Camberwell beauty is the ultimate prize for butterﬂy fanatics .
It was thought to be a British resident but it is actually a migrant .
When the winds are favourable , only a handful of times every century , it reaches our shores from Scandinavia in its hundreds .
The last great inﬂux was in 1995 ; I 've never spotted one , so I 'm praying 2009 will see another .
Dingy skipper
A dingy butterﬂy seems an oxymoron and this feisty but very grey little skipper certainly lives up to its name .
It 's not much to look at , and you can confuse it with a day - ﬂying moth .
I spent an hour following what I hoped was a dingy skipper on Waterford heath near Hertford last week ; it turned out to be a latticed heath moth .
How can you tell the diﬀerence between a butterﬂy and a moth ?
The best way is to look at an insect 's antennae or feelers : butterﬂies have distinctive clubbed antennae whereas moths have long
straight feelers .
Adonis blue
The most dashing of our blue butterﬂies as its showy name suggests , it is a creature of our ﬂowery chalk downlands in midsummer .
Immediately after performing at Sadler 's Wells , London , in the evening , one of the most famous clowns of the 19th century , Joseph Grimaldi , would walk all night to Dartford , Kent , so he could capture adonis blues , which he called the Dartford blue .
When his butterﬂy collection was stolen , Grimaldi the clown was so devastated , he took up pigeon fancying instead .
Toxic Sonic Zombie Massacre !
Help the band members of Toxic Sonic fight their way across zombie - infested Paris to make it to their gig on time !
Use the space bar to switch between characters , and kill as many zombies as you can while drinking lots of beer for energy !
Art and animation by Manning Krull , programming by Patrick Vernon , sound by Sean Wilson , and music by Toxic Sonic .
If you 've got a big screen , you can try this larger version .
Back to ManningKrull.com
Our old friend Dick Hardt , the Vancouver - based entrepreneur whose last startup flamed out and drew a lawsuit by investors , has resurfaced at Microsoft .
And , according to photos he just posted , he has nothing to hide .
Absolutely nothing .
According to Dick 's posts on Twitter , he begged his new bride , Jennifer Hardt , to let him post " R- rated " pictures from the couple 's recent Maui wedding .
After holding out for a week , she finally relented , and he posted a link to the photos on Twitter .
Since
Dick felt so free in sharing them , we did n't see why we should hold them back from you :
Alas , they really are only R-rated .
So there 's no way to verify how accurate a name " Dick Hardt " really is .
Now that we 've seen the Hardts in the altogether , the only remaining mystery he 's left us :
After his previous company , Sxip Identity , went under , how is it that Dick had enough money to throw a wedding in Maui and pay a photographer for arty nudie pics ?
J ean Charles de Menezes .
Not wearing a bulky jacket , did n't vault the ticket barrier , did n't resist arrest , was n't alerted by the shout of ' Armed police ' which was n't ever issued , in fact .
Some sort of unintentional error again led to all that misinformation being placed in the media .
The other G20 protestor , given a good beating .
No -one 's allowed to film the police any more , are they ?
These protestors were a terrible nuisance to those wonderful banks , who 've done nothing but good for the country .
Ian Tomlinson
Not a victim of the protestors , who did n't shower him with bottles in order to prevent medical attention getting through .
That misinformation must have been given to the press through some unintentional error , at the same time that the police forgot to mention that they 'd carried out a vicious and unprovoked assault on Mr Tomlinson themselves .
Harry Stanley
Shot in the head for being Scottish and carrying a table leg ( they thought he was Irish and carrying a gun , you see ) .
I live on Victoria Park Road , where Harry was shot dead , and I share his nationality and accent .
We do n't generally have much of a problem with republican gun-running in E9 , but it 's better to be safe than sorry , is n't it ?
Lance Corporal Mark Aspinall .
Held down and beaten in a street in Wigan , he was then charged and convicted of assaulting the police , a conviction only over - turned on production of the video evidence , which , to put it mildly , proves certainly that an assault took place .
It must have been an honest mistake that the police officers arrested Lance Corporal Aspinall , rather than themselves .
What most sickens the stomach on watching the assault on Ian Tomlinson is that the other officers stood and did nothing .
They neither remonstrated with their colleague , nor made any offer of assistance to his victim .
In the second beating incident of the G20 demo , I believe the officers covered up their ID .
It 's hard to feel loyal towards an organisation which permits such behaviour .
The police , particularly in London , appear to have forgotten that they police only with our consent .
They are not the armed wing of the state .
Some reforms are therefore long overdue :
All police officers at public demonstration must keep their ID visible at all times .
No police officers at public events should ever be dressed like a terrorist thug .
No balaclavas .
Such dress is ridiculous when the officers concerned are upholding public order , not carrying out surveillance .
Anti-Terrorism must be given a seperate directorate to the metropolitan police duties .
Then the latter can be devolved properly to the Mayor and to the borough police authorities .
This confusion over who can sack coppers is ridiculous .
I vote for the Mayor .
I want the Mayor to be able to sack Met leaders who fail .
Borough commanders should be answerable to a directly elected borough police " sherriff " and be sackable by that elected representative .
ACPO should be abolished .
It 's a money - making firm that spends its spare time cheer - leading for the authoritarian wing of the Labour Party .
Just as the storage of DNA from wholly innocent citizens is an outrage , so is the routine video- ing of members of the public by police officers .
This must stop .
In contrast , members of the public must never be prevented from recording the activities of police officers .
It should n't need saying , but none of this makes me anti-police .
My brother - in - law is a serving officer whose bravery and professionalism I admire and revere .
But I am convinced that matters within the management of the London police cannot be allowed to stand , because the longer the problem persists , the less support the police will maintain .
It 's not only the stereotypical Guardian - reading liberal left who think there 's a problem here , and I think it 's time that Conservatives made this clear .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Listen , son , you 're in a heap of trouble here , " the detective stubbed out his cigarette on the heel of his shoe , and settled in across from me .
" We 've got you on charges of trespassing , vandalism , burglary , kidnapping , attempted bestiality , and grand theft tiger .
We had to make that last one up just for you , kid .
You know how rare it is to have to make up a crime for one person ?
I have literally never even heard of that .
That 's how much trouble you 're in ; you 've created entirely new crimes of which you are incredibly guilty , " he let that last part settle in for a few minutes .
" I do n't even know where to start , " I began , picking what I hoped was fur from between my teeth .
" Well , let me tell you what we have down , and you can tell me if any of it sounds familiar .
You entered the zoo at 10:30 on the morning of March 24 , 2009 ... " ***
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The smell of cotton candy and popcorn mixes with that of hay , manure , and the four Sparks you downed in the parking lot .
The large woman in front of you is wearing leopard print stretch - pants that have long since abandoned the category of " pants " and ventured into the realm of " ass shrink - wrap . "
The elastic quivers , as if longing to be released .
You barely suppress the urge to snap the waistband , which would surely set off a tsunami of fat that would kill all those surrounding yo- " Excuse me , " the beast turns on you , " are you ... are you fucking talking about me ?
You 're like , the biggest asshole in the entire world !
I weigh 125 pounds , dickhead , and I 'm standingright in front of you !
I can hear you ! "
Were you saying all that out loud ?
" Did the spandex - monster pick up your thoughts somehow ?
You try to decipher her words , but all that comes out is the sound of incessant chewing and the slap of fat on fat as her lips impact each other , " are you still speaking aloud ?
The mix of caffeine , alcohol , and cough syrup blends the lines of your internal consciousness .
" You fucking ass ! "
She screams , " My boyfriend is going to kill you . "
As she storms off toward what appears to be a particularly large , hairy Eskimo , you realize that you are ill - prepared to fight , but still nowhere near the front of the line .
Arsenal went on to win the tie in a penalty shoot - out
An Arsenal football fan suffered a suspected stab wound when the minibus he was on was ambushed ahead of the club 's Champions League tie in Rome .
The bus was attacked by Roma fans after the driver became lost near the Olympic Stadium , the British Embassy said .
The victim was treated inside the stadium for a cut to his leg .
Prior to the match , English fans had been advised to avoid areas where Roma 's hooligan following , the Ultras , are known to congregate .
An Arsenal spokeswoman said : " A male Arsenal fan was believed to be stabbed outside the stadium .
" Roma fans threw stones at a bus , smashing windows , and an individual allegedly entered the bus and stabbed a fan . "
Penalty win
A British Embassy spokesman said : " This bus got a bit lost around the stadium and some Roma fans tried to get on the bus .
" One managed to get on to the bus and there was a fight .
" The driver managed to get away when the Roma fan was pushed out of the bus . "
He added : " We do n't know if ( the injury ) was a stabbing or glass from a smashed window . "
Roma won the match 1 - 0 , cancelling out Arsenal 's 1 - 0 win in the first leg , but the London club won a penalty shoot - out 7 - 6 to book a place in the quarter finals .
Digg co-founder Kevin Rose has accidentally broken the embargo on the Tesla Model S Sedan concept set to be revealed in Los Angeles in mere hours on his flickr account .
Developing !
Advertisement
UPDATE : We now have all the details and a slew of live shots of the Tesla Model S concept .
Read the full story here !
Advertisement
What these first shots reveal is a rear 3 / 4 shot of the new concept , a side look and an interior filled to the brim with wires , looking like it 's still being put together .
Makes sense , as it appears the shots were taken three days ago , probably as they were still putting together this hand - built concept .
Other than those details , we guess we 'll just have to wait a few more hours to find out more information — like , for instance , what car platform they 're planning to build it off of .
Because here 's the problem .
If Tesla claim they 've built their own chassis , then this car is vaporware .
Because in order to get a new chassis on the road , they 'll need much more capital than what they 've already asked for to do the necessary safety testing and durability testing .
So it has to be another automaker 's chassis .
But which one ?
Even without details there 's a lot we can learn from these pictures .
For starters , Tesla already has a deal worked out with Mercedes for providing electric drives for a small batch of Smart cars .
Assuming they continue that relationship with Mercedes , and given the wheels , for instance , appear to be a version of this Lorinser wheel and seems to carry the 5 - 112 bolt pattern , means if it 's a Mercedes , it 's likely based on a Mercedes C , E , or CLS chassis .
If those are 20 - inch wheels it 's unlikely it 's a C - class platform and more likely to be E - series or CLS - based .
Of course this is just our stretch - of - a - guess , no matter how educated they may be .
We really will have to wait until later today to find out for sure how Tesla built this concept .
Advertisement
Also , that 's one seriously sweet full - screen dashboard .
UPDATE : For some odd reason , Tesla 's asked Kevin Rose to pull his pictures down off Flickr .
We echo Kevin 's comment of " not sure if the company knows how the 'ol web works . "
Advertisement
( Hat tip to Noah ! ) [ via Flickr ]
After an absolutely astounding January , February was a down a bit , but it was still very respectable nonetheless !
I 'd like to take a moment to tell you all , my Wacky Smacker friends , how much I appreciate the 15 minutes a day you give to this cause .
I really , truly mean it when I say we could not do this without each and every one of you who helps .
And if this is your first time to check out a YouTube Smackdown thread , we would love to have you smacking with us .
The more the merrier !
So let 's get to the results , shall we ?
Here are some individual numbers ...
jSDotd - 22 videos SMACKED DOWN for a grand total of 272 out of 305 for a 89.18 % smackdown rate .
S.I.T. 11 videos Smacked Down - 2
Suspensions w/36 videos 119 additional videos smacked down in February on Pings We had 69 users suspended with 3073 videos , plus an additional 311 individual videos taken down for a total of 3384 hirabist videos removed from YouTube .
Not bad for a short month !
February 2009 Results : 69 Suspensions
3384 videos were removed from YouTube :
( large bombs represent 25 videos , small bombs represent 1 ) 1000 ....
2000 ....
3000 ....
and 384 ....
Bomber Girl is ecstatic !
If you 're new at this , we 'd love to have you working with us .
Here are the steps for flagging videos : ( H/T to rawcatslyentist ) # 1 )
If you do n’t have a YouTube account , go sign up for one .
You do n’t have to use it for anything but this . # 2 ) Click one of the links below , let the video start and then click the pause button on the player so you do n’t have to actually watch the propaganda . # 3 ) Below the video , click “ Flag as inappropriate . ” # 4 ) Choose “ promotes hatred or violence ” # 5 )
Where it says “ please indicate the group attacked ” choose National Origin . # 6 ) Where it says “ provide additional information ..... ” type or copy / paste in the below statement .
Providing services to terrorists violates executive orders 12947 and 13224 .
So — you got game ?
If you do , freepmail StarCMC to get on the pinglist -
typically one ping per day - and start flagging !
And THANK YOU !
The inventor of genetic fingerprinting , Professor Sir Alec Jeffreys , today warns that the government is putting at risk public support for the DNA national database by holding the genetic details of hundreds of thousands of innocent people .
Jeffreys , whose pioneering discoveries revolutionised police investigation techniques , condemned the government for leaving innocent people " branded as criminals " by its insistence on keeping the details of everyone arrested , regardless of whether they are later convicted .
He said he was left " almost speechless " by reports that the government planned to respond to a recent European court ruling - that storing innocent people 's genetic details broke their right to privacy - by simply removing their profiles from the database but keeping the original DNA samples .
In an interview with the Guardian , he said : " I have significant concerns there [ about the size of the database ] .
That database is currently populated by an unknown number of entirely innocent people .
It is not possible to get an accurate number but it appears to be hundreds of thousands .
" My view is very clear that if you have been convicted of a crime then you owe it to society to be retained on that database for catching in the future should you reoffend .
But the retention of entirely innocent people is a whole different issue .
There is a sort of presumption here that if they have n't committed any crime now , then they will in the future . "
He also called for improved genetic testing procedures , warning that the current system could result in a miscarriage of justice .
Jeffreys ' genetic discoveries at Leicester University in the mid-1980s enabled the establishment of the national DNA database 10 years later ; it is now the largest in the world , storing details on more than 5 million people .
He believed DNA fingerprinting was a valuable technology and investigative tool which had enjoyed considerable public backing ; his concern was the loss of that support .
" My genome is my property .
It is not the state's .
I will allow the state access to that genome under very strict circumstances .
It is an issue of my personal genetic privacy , " he said .
" I have met some [ innocent ] people who are on the database and are really distressed by the fact .
They feel branded as criminals and I would feel branded as a criminal . "
Last December the European court of human rights ( ECHR ) ruled that the government was violating the rights to privacy of two men from Sheffield whose profiles were being held on the DNA database years after criminal proceedings against them had been dropped .
Asked about reports that the government wanted to get round the implications of the ruling for other innocent people whose details are retained on the database by keeping their original DNA samples , Jeffreys said he was " almost speechless " .
" I would be wholly opposed to retaining the original DNA unless there are very , very strict safeguards on what could be done with it , like nothing at all .
In a way , it would be even more sinister than retaining the profile .
" I would be very concerned if the government attempted to go down that route .
The point is it has to to respond to the ruling by the ECHR .
It was a very pointed ruling .
Unusually so . "
Police in England , Wales and Northern Ireland routinely take DNA samples from everyone arrested on suspicion of committing a recordable offence , which are then added to the national database .
In Scotland , DNA records are destroyed if someone is acquitted , apart from in a small number of serious cases .
Jeffreys dismissed the Home Office argument that keeping the genetic details of everyone , even those acquitted , helped solve other crimes .
" If you just dumped a few hundred thousand people at random on to the database you 'd get the same effect , " he said .
" I have never seen any argument in favour of England , Wales and Northern Ireland being the only countries in the world to retain the DNA of entirely innocent people .
There are serious issues of discrimination and stigmatisation of branches of society that are over - represented on the database . "
He also expressed concern that the current system of trawling the database in search of DNA matches left open the possibility of miscarriages of justice .
" Let 's suggest you have two samples that get swapped , and I stress that the likelihood is very low , but given the huge amount of case work one has to be mindful of the fact that there is not a zero probability , then you may get an error .
You may have wrong profile and come up with wrong suspect .
" The key point in my view is that cold hits on the database really should be verified by a second round of testing .
That would trap false matches which are exceedingly rare but could happen and have happened in one or two cases in the past .
I would like to see that in place .
And it is not done .
It leaves open the possibility of an unsafe conviction . "
Following the release from prison last month of Sean Hodgson , who served 27 years after being falsely convicted of murder , Jeffreys called for DNA techniques to be used in more cold case reviews .
" At the moment the way it works is that police look for [ cold ] cases where they can catch the culprit .
What you do n't see is the flip side .
People who maintain their innocence for decades .
Yes , there should be some sort of government funding .
" Spending 27 years in prison for a crime you did n't commit is a terrible thing by any measure of judgment .
And DNA could cut through that and it could be used .
The state simply has to take it on that the judicial system is not perfect .
" With modest expenditure , you could cut through some of these cases .
The key thing is never mind who pays for it , it should be done . "
Jones Report | April 13 , 2009
Reporters from INFOWARS.COM were harassed and threatened with arrest in downtown Kansas City , Missouri after filming the local branch of the private Federal Reserve building .
Security guards working for the bank approached the reporters at a city park that houses the National WWI memorial and demanded that they provide their names and disclose why they were filming the building .
After Aaron
Dykes refused to provide his full name , he was told to leave public property immediately or face arrest because the bank was concerned about what he was filming – despite the fact that the female security guard repeatedly admitted he had done nothing wrong .
In the face of Free Speech under the First Amendment , as well as common sense , the other reporter , Rob Jacobson was also told to leave despite complying with the request to provide his name .
" Officer Booth " , the female private security guard for the Federal Reserve , dared to pronounce that he was " guilty by association . "
When this reason was challenged , the stupefied " Officer Collins " told reporters that they were not to ask anymore questions and should in fact leave immediately .
What jurisdiction they had– if any– is unclear , as the cameramen were approached on city property .
In some respects , this is hardly surprising in the same state that issued the secret MIAC report to police– instructing them to watch for " potential terrorists " who might be identified by their support for Ron Paul , bumper stickers of the USA flag or who hold sentiments against the Federal Reserve bank .
The Federal Reserve– who have branches at some 38 locations across the country– have repeatedly trampled on the rights of free speech and attempted to challenge anyone daring to film their building .
It is clear they regard any press as a threat .
It happened to an unaffiliated cameraman outside the Washington D.C. location who was told no filming of any ‘ federal ’ buildings was allowed under any circumstances unless special clearance was given by the Fed ’s press office .
We Are Change founder Luke Rudkowski was also challenged by a security officer outside of the Federal Reserve ’s New York location who demanded to see what had been filmed under threat of arrest ( as documented in his activist film ‘ Dedicated ’ ) .
Shockingly , it has also been revealed that military intelligence spied on peaceful demonstrators who met simultaneously at " End the Fed " rallies across the country , including Alex Jones & Wayne Paul , brother of Congressman Ron Paul .
The stifling of free speech and the attempt to intimidate reporters and legitimate protesters is despicable .
The outrage over the privately owned bank has grown as more & more members of the public have realized that this entity – which has been given the power to print our money – is not a part of the U.S. government but a deception organization hiding behind the name " Federal . "
Rep. Ron Paul , among others , has led the effort to audit this unaccountable bank and end its ability to inflate the money supply , and ultimately to target its value .
Its chairman Ben Bernanke has refused to tell Congress who it has lent money to under the TARP bailout plan , and in what amount– despite its relevance to dealing with the current financial crisis .
The compounding acts of secrecy– at the ground level and in the halls of the U.S. government– should sound alarm bells for the sleeping American people that this bank must no longer control the economic policies of this nation .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
DAMASCUS
UN agencies working in Syria are worried about high levels of sexual and gender - based violence ( SGBV ) in the Iraqi refugee community .
No comprehensive statistics on SGBV are available for Syria but local studies and anecdotal evidence suggest that the rate of GBV among the refugees is much higher than among the Syrian population .
The UN Refugee Agency ( UNHCR ) identified nearly 500 Iraqi victims of SGBV between January and August 2008 .
Its update in August 2008 said : “ At least 450 survivors of SGBV have been identified since January 2008 , making an average of 13 per week . ”
The most common types of SGBV , said the report , included rape , forced prostitution , trafficking , forced marriage , domestic violence and sexual exploitation .
“ We have noticed a problem with both physical and emotional abuse , ” said Carole Laleve , a spokesperson for the UNHCR .
“ The number of cases coming to our attention has risen but that may be due to an increased willingness to seek help . ”
Other agencies report similar findings .
“ Our anecdotal evidence suggests the rate of GBV in the Iraqi community is higher than in the Syrian one , ” said Theodora Tsovili , a psychosocial specialist at the UN Children ’s Fund ( UNICEF ) .
“ Adolescents have particular psychosocial vulnerabilities and since the end of 2007 UNICEF has been running a programme of SGBV prevention among young women and men . ”
Over 1.2 millions Iraqis fled their country following the US - led invasion of Iraq in 2003 and the outbreak of sectarian violence in its aftermath .
Experts say they are not surprised by the higher and continued occurrence of violence , given the vulnerability of Iraqis in Syria .
Behaviour change
“ The Iraqis who fled to Syria are often suffering from post - traumatic disorders , most have a family member who was killed or tortured , often in front of them , ” said Ilham Moussa , who works on the UN Population Fund ’s ( UNFPA ’s ) US $ 200,000 humanitarian programme to support the Ministry of Health ’s services .
“ Injuries can also cause behaviour to change and make people more violent , ” she added .
Other risk factors such as low income and changes in family roles , such as women becoming the main earners , are also present in the Iraqi community in Syria .
These factors expose them to greater risk of SGBV than the Syrian population .
Suffering in silence
The real levels of SGBV are likely to be underestimated given the reluctance of women , who are usually the victims , to speak out .
Doctors in Damascus and the northeastern city of Al - Hassakeh , where most Iraqi refugees live , have reported a number of cases of SGBV in Iraqi families .
“ Often women are scared to say anything .
They think they will be marginalised by their community and have no source of income , ” said one doctor from the Dummar suburb of Damascus .
“ They think about their families and their children and decide that it is better to suffer in silence . ”
The UNHCR says its outreach programme , in which a group of Iraqi women are trained to raise awareness by talking to their peers about SGBV , is helping Iraqi women to feel able to talk and seek help .
“ It is a very sensitive issue but now the women are much more open , ” says Laleve .
“ There is a lot of pride at the start but as they trust the outreach workers and their desperation increases , they do start to talk . ”
Workshops
Other initiatives to tackle the SGBV are in progress and many more are being planned .
UNFPA runs a humanitarian programme which has run six workshops for health professionals in the affected areas on how to deal with victims of violence - both Iraqi and Syrian as they use the same health system .
Health professionals who attended the workshops in Damascus at the end of 2008 were taught how to detect SGBV , which tests to offer victims , and the codes of confidentiality for dealing with them .
They were also taught counselling techniques , including methods to teach women how to diffuse violent situations at home .
The Ministry of Health is finalising the first set of guidelines on dealing with victims of abuse .
Other organisations such as the French development organisation , IECD , are developing SGBV programmes for the Iraqi population .
Several shelters are available for referral of the most serious cases .
sb/ar/cb
The person suffered a heart attack when he was preparing a tank on the set and someone noticed that there was no bubble surfacing from the gear , reported TMZ online .
The man was later admitted to a nearby hospital via helicopter , but EMT ( Emergency medical technicians ) were unable to restart his heart on the flight .
He was eventually pronounced dead at the hospital .
Law enforcement forces said that the cause of the dead appeared to be " a heart attack , " and investigators were treating the case as " a natural death . "
An autopsy for the man is expected to be completed over the weekend .
The filming of Gore Verbinski's Western film was postponed following the incident .
" We regretfully confirm that a ' Lone Ranger ' crew member has passed away after being taken to a local hospital .
Our full support is behind the investigation into the circumstances of this terrible event , " a representative of Disney Pictures said in a statement .
" The Lone Ranger " will reunite Depp with Verbinski , who helmed the " Pirates of the Caribbean " film series .
The film also stars William Fichtner , Ruth Wilson , James Badge Dal and Tom Wilkinson .
The film will be released in the US on July 3 , 2013 .
* Delay would avoid 1st quarter results period
* Source : Treasury still mulling stress test disclosure ( Adds details on stress tests , byline )
WASHINGTON , April 7 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Treasury Department is planning to delay the release of any completed bank stress test results until after the first - quarter earnings season to avoid complicating stock market reaction , a source familiar with Treasury ’s discussions said on Tuesday .
The Treasury is still talking about how results of the regulatory stress tests on the 19 largest U.S. banks will be released , and may disclose them as summary results that are not institution - specific , the source said .
The government is testing how the largest banks would fare under more adverse economic conditions than are expected in an attempt to assess the firms ’ capital needs .
The tests are due to be completed by the end of April , but Treasury has said they may be finished before then .
The source , speaking anonymously because the Treasury has not made a final decision on what to disclose , said officials do not want any test results released before the earnings season wraps up for most U.S. banks on April 24 .
Treasury did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
U.S. regulators have reached the closing phase of the stress tests , with many of the top banks having already turned in their internal versions of the test to officials .
Bank of America Corp BAC.N Chief Executive Kenneth Lewis said last Thursday that his bank has already completed its test .
Bank regulators are at the stage of reconciling their own versions of the results with the banks ’ internal assessments .
Officials realize it may be hard to keep the results under wraps , and they are looking for ways the banks could disclose some details without unduly disturbing the markets .
They are also looking at providing some summary information about how the banks fared .
“ There will be definitely be some information that will be provided at the end of it , but exactly what that will be , and when it will be provided , will come forth later , ” Comptroller of the Currency John Dugan , who supervises some of the nation ’s largest banks , said last week .
The stress tests at the biggest banks are part of a wide - ranging effort to restore stability to a sector hit by huge mortgage - related losses .
The tests are designed to determine the depth of banks ’ capital holes if conditions deteriorate further .
After the tests are completed , the banks will have six months to either raise private capital to compensate , or accept government funds .
But officials are worried about how the market will react to the stress test results if there is not a clear recovery path for a bank that is deemed to have a large capital need .
The last thing Treasury wants to do is set off a panic , the source said .
( Reporting by Karey Wutkowski , additional reporting by Glenn Somerville ; Editing by Tim Dobbyn )
All attempts to sum up David Hume 's views on religion stumble when they turn to what is , on the face of it , the most basic question of all : was he an atheist or an agnostic ?
Ironically , contemporaries who described him as an atheist used to include his worst enemies , while those who are now keenest to apply the label claim him as a best friend .
In both cases , however , the reasoning is the same : Hume is so critical of religion that his refusal to simply come out as an atheist must have been the result of a simple fear of the troubles such a professed disbelief would have caused him .
" The great infidel " as James Boswell called him , stopped short of embracing atheism for purely pragmatic reasons .
The case against , however , is also fairly convincing .
Hume was above all a sceptic who cautioned against human reasoning over - reaching itself .
This cuts both ways – against people who claim to understand the nature of God and those who claim to be sure he does n't exist .
If you add to this some of Hume 's recorded comments , such as his remark to Baron d'Holbach that he had never even met an atheist , and the case for his agnosticism seems closed .
That the right answer is still not crystal clear is not due to any confusion on Hume 's part , but to ambiguities in the meanings of atheist and agnostic .
Consider the case of Bertrand Russell , another atheists ' hero who preferred to call himself an agnostic .
In his essay Am I An Atheist Or An Agnostic ?
he wrote :
As a philosopher , if I were speaking to a purely philosophic audience I should say that I ought to describe myself as an agnostic , because I do not think that there is a conclusive argument by which one prove that there is not a God .
On the other hand , if I am to convey the right impression to the ordinary man in the street I think I ought to say that I am an atheist , because when I say that I cannot prove that there is not a God , I ought to add equally that I cannot prove that there are not the Homeric gods .
There are two senses of agnosticism at work here .
One is a suspension of judgment which leaves the mind of the doubter as open to belief as to disbelief .
This kind of agnostic is genuinely uncertain as to whether God exists or not , and is unable to say which possibility is significantly more likely .
Neither Hume nor Russell were agnostics in this sense .
For them , God was not something whose existence they continued to seriously entertain .
However , they were agnostics in another sense : unable to conclusively settle the matter , God becomes a kind of irrelevant distant possibility , albeit one they would not say definitely did not exist .
If there are two forms of agnosticism , then there are also two kinds of atheism .
One is the definite belief that God certainly does not exist .
In this sense , neither Hume nor Russell were atheists .
But as Russell pointed out , there is another sense of atheist , in which belief in God plays no role and is not entertained as a credible hypothesis .
In practice , this is life without belief in God , and is certainly very different from the kind of deeply uncertain agnosticism which holds belief and non-belief as almost equal possibilities .
For what it 's worth , I think that it is more accurate to describe Hume and Russell as non-dogmatic atheists than agnostics , because what matters is not whether an atheist is 100 % convinced she is right , but whether or not she is content to understand life , meaning , value and purpose in godless terms .
To describe the non-dogmatic atheist as an agnostic makes the question of God 's existence sound more open to her than it really is .
William James , in his essay The Will to Believe , goes some way to explaining why it is in some ways more honest and accurate for a supposed agnostic to prefer the atheist label .
He argues that agnosticism is not a live option , because the choice between belief and non-belief is in a real sense forced :
We cannot escape the issue by remaining skeptical and waiting for more light , because , although we do avoid error in that way if religion be untrue , we lose the good , if it be true , just as certainly as if we positively chose to disbelieve .
He continues later :
To preach skepticism to us as a duty until ' sufficient evidence ' for religion be found , is tantamount therefore to telling us , when in presence of the religious hypothesis , that to yield to our fear of its being error is wiser and better than to yield to our hope that it may be true .
What James is saying is that to live life without active belief in religion is , in effect , to live godlessly , as an atheist .
I 'm not sure that the choice is quite as forced as James maintains , but anyone whose absence of belief in God leaves them living their life as though he does n't exist is living the life of an atheist .
Hume was one such man .
Whether he thought it justifiable to assert " God does not exist " or not , he was as godless a man as can be imagined .
If that 's not what he meant by atheist , then it 's certainly not what most people mean by agnostic either .
Next week the moral philosopher Mary Midgley will start a series of blogs on Thomas Hobbes .
For Julian 's previous blogs on David Hume and religion , visit the How to believe series page
Susan Boyle 's triumph on Britain 's Got Talent has led Elaine Paige to suggest a collaborationMore on Susan Boyle and Britain 's Got Talent
As global media phenomena go , little could surpass Susan Boyle 's stratospheric rise to superstardom .
So , what better high note to end an extraordinary week , one that has seen the 47 - year - old Scottish singing spinster win plaudits from around the world , than the prospect of a duet with her heroine , Elaine Paige ?
It was just before her life - changing performance on Britain 's Got Talent last Saturday that Boyle revealed her dream : to become a professional singer as successful as Paige - with whom she has sung along countless times , alone , in front of her bedroom mirror , equipped with a hairbrush for a microphone .
Now , in a message of support , Paige , the original Evita in London 's West End , has punted the idea of the pair singing together .
" Ever since Susan 's appearance on Britain 's Got Talent my Radio 2 inbox has been flooded with emails , " she writes on her website .
" It seems her performance has captured the hearts of everyone who saw it , me included ... it looks like I have competition !
Perhaps we should record a duet ? "
But then anything , it seems , could happen now in the incredible brave new world Boyle inhabits .
As Paige puts it : " She is a role model for everyone who has a dream . "
Paige is just the latest of a string of celebrity endorsers since Boyle 's jaw - dropping performance of the Les Misérables song " I Dreamed a Dream " on the ITV talent show , which has so far attracted 25 million YouTube hits , and helped her do what few British A - listers can : crack the US market .
Appearances on Larry King Live , Good Morning America , NBC and CBS , and the prospect of Oprah , have fuelled demand for an album , something of which Britain 's Got Talent supremo Simon Cowell and his record label are no doubt aware .
Actress Demi Moore -
" It made me teary , " she tweeted on Twitter - and singer Patti LuPone are among celebrity fans .
With Ladbrokes ' odds of Boyle winning the series slashed to 2/5 , last night 's wannabes on the show must be pretty deflated , though 39 - year - old Julian Smith , a saxophonist from Birmingham , may yet challenge .
His " Somewhere " from West Side Story reduced judge Amanda Holden to tears .
" It was stunning , absolutely stunning , " she said .
Cowell , too , could see potential .
" Certain people , Julian , you know , they 've just got it .
I think there could be something special about you . "
Clearly there was not much special about all - female threesome the Singing Souls .
" Like three cats being dragged up the motorway , " pronounced Cowell .
Almost 12 million viewers tuned in to watch Boyle on last week 's show .
However , while Boyle - mania grips the world the lady herself appears unfazed by the excitement .
" I 'm taking it all in my stride , " she said yesterday at the pebble - dashed terraced house in Blackburn , West Lothian , in which she grew up , sharing it with her late mother Bridget , who died two years ago .
The youngest of nine and with mild learning difficulties caused by oxygen deprivation at birth , Boyle never left home .
Now living alone , with only her cat Pebbles for company , she was spurred to enter the competition by a pledge she made to her mother to do something with her life .
" It 's all been complete mayhem , like a whirlwind going like an express train , " she said .
" I never expected all this attention .
It 's been indescribable and completely mad . "
" But , " she admitted , " I could get used to it . "
Despite the avalanche of tempting showbusiness offers , she is reluctant to discuss possible plans for future public appearances or recording contracts .
" It 's too early for things like that .
I 'm just taking baby steps until I see how I do in the competition . "
Today the unruly hair , bushy eyebrows and spinster image that for so long attracted cruel teasing , especially from young children , are set to be the passport to her undoubted future success .
" Why should I change ? " she told Larry King on his US chat show , when asked about her image .
But she does expect life to be very , very different .
" Well , I certainly wo n't be lonely any more , " said the church volunteer , who has admitted she has never been kissed .
Her first " date " , it would appear , will be with Talent judge Piers Morgan , who , appearing on the same Larry King show , promptly invited her out for dinner in London , an offer she accepted .
" People used to shout things at her in the street , but they have all changed their tune now , " said neighbour Vicky McLean , 24 .
" I ran into her the other day on the way to the shops and she said she knew who her real friends were - the people who liked her before the show .
She knows that a lot of the people calling round now are not being genuine . "
School friend Derek Brown , 47 , said there was more , much more , to come .
" I would n't say the one she did on the telly was her best song , you should hear her belt out ' The Fields of Athenry ' or that song from Titanic [ ' My Heart Will Go On ' ] , " he said .
I ran into an interesting bug when I was messing with an early version of David 's shadows .
I was a little surprised to see my full name projected onto the ground :
My name inscribed in the terrain
My name inscribed in the terrain
I often hear that you should always initialize your memory before using it , but I had never seen such a vivid example of what happens when you do n't !
Mac OS
X draws the screen using OpenGL , so if you use uninitialized VRAM as a texture , you can accidentally load discarded images from earlier computer use .
Here are a few more screenshots :
So , try not to display raw allocated memory to the user . :)
You never know what might be in there .
Alex from Worldchanging sez , " I have a new piece up about how the right is spinning geoengineering to undermine climate action .
No matter what our stance on geoengineering itself – pro , con , undecided — we should all agree that the last thing we need are climate denialists manipulating the debate . "
Their new justifications for delay are simple .
Taking advantage of the economic crisis , they call climate action a job killer .
If the Right 's anger and vehemence against the very idea of green jobs has shocked and confused you , well , understand that it 's important that climate change be framed as a threat to the economy , and never an opportunity : the growing importance of clean tech industries and jobs to the American economy must be downplayed in order for this strategy to work ( never mind that wind power already employs more Americans than coal mining ) .
Look for this argument to increase in volume as Copenhagen draws near …
But if we can be made to believe that megascale geoengineering can stop climate change , then delay begins to look not like the dangerous folly it actually is , but a sensible prudence .
The prospect of geoegineering is the only thing that can make that delay seem at all morally acceptable .
In other words , combining dire warnings about climate action 's economic costs with exaggerated claims about geoengineering 's potential is the new climate denialism .
Although he has been a Roman Catholic only for a year or so , Tony Blair already feels confident to speak on behalf of millions of what he calls " ordinary Catholics " throughout the world .
Thus in an interview for a gay magazine with The Independent 's Johann Hari , Blair takes issue with the Pope 's old - fashioned hostility to homosexuals which he says is out of touch with today 's forward - looking generation .
Whether they agree with him or not , the church 's leaders are unlikely to welcome Blair 's highly publicised pontifications on matters religious .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They must be aware that their new convert is in the eyes of the majority of people in this country a discredited figure held personally responsible for the deaths of British servicemen and women following the invasion of Iraq , an operation he justified with a number of patently false statements .
Blair has never once showed the slightest sign of remorse for his actions and continues to insist that he did only what he thought was right .
It 's hard to see how he reconciles that self - righteous complacency with membership of a church that calls on its followers to confess their failings and make amends .
Perhaps
Blair would regard such an approach , like the attitude to gays as yet another old - fashioned tradition which means little in the modern world and which ought to be jettisoned .
As also the church 's teaching that the relentless pursuit of wealth and possessions ( as exemplified in Mr and Mrs Blair ) is contrary to Christian principles .
For me who spent many happy years helping to portray Blair as a trendy young clergyman as sermonising in the pages of Private Eye , it is quite funny to find him now doing the same sort of thing , only this time for real .
It 's a bad time for sloganeering
A single ticket to Heathrow on the Heathrow Express from Paddington will cost you £ 15 – £ 1.60 more than it costs me to travel 45 miles to and from London on a travelcard which also covers unlimited travel on buses and the Underground .
If you choose to take the expensive £ 15 route to the airport you may notice that the trains are nowadays all plastered with the logo of the Royal Bank of Scotland complete with the slogan " Make it happen " .
Make what happen exactly ?
They do n't say – leaving anyone who thinks about it for more than a second or two that the words are utterly devoid of any meaning .
Yet " Make it happen " is the result of many hours of deliberation by highly paid advertising people and the Royal Bank of Scotland will have given them thousands of pounds to come up with this , the final product of their labours .
We now know that the Royal Bank of Scotland is a disastrous enterprise , until recently being run by Sir Fred Goodwin , in my opinion a fantasist with megalomaniac ambitions .
We did n't realise that until quite recently .
Even so it might be a helpful exercise in future , when seeking to evaluate any organisations , to look around and see if it is wasting large sums of money on pointless advertising campaigns .
The " Make it happen " slogan on the Heathrow Express is a good example ; someone at the bank have approved it .
But we , the public , do n't really need to know anything more about RBS and its executives .
Do n't touch them with a barge pole .
Listen for the sounds of spring and all you hear is silence
" If a man can not enjoy the return of spring , " George Orwell once said , " why should he be happy in a labour - saving Utopia ? "
A good point .
But we have to face the fact that spring is not what it was .
I have traditionally marked the start of spring from the day I first see bees in the crocuses – something that happens towards the end of February .
This year the crocuses were all there on cue but where were the bees ?
There was not a single one to be seen .
Michael McCarthy wrote recently in this paper about missing the traditional sounds of spring , notably the call of the cuckoo , left – the sound which for centuries has heralded the return of spring , inspiring poets and composers .
But it can't be heard any more .
On the Berkshire Downs where I live there used to be flocks of peewits in springtime flapping over the fields , making that distinctive cry which gave them their name .
They disappeared .
This year I noticed a more significant silence : there were no skylarks .
Usually at this season you can hear them almost all day long even if you can't see them .
I have been listening , but in vain .
The only sound is the sinister whistling of the kites circling over the house like the Nazgul in The Lord of the Rings .
The cuckoo and the skylark between them inspired two of the most famous pieces of English music : Delius 's On Hearing the First Cuckoo in Spring and The Lark Ascending by Vaughan Williams .
Well , I suppose if we can't hear the birds any more we can still listen to the music .
But it 's not quite the same .
Scott Siegel , the actor who plays a steroid dealer in the recent film The Wrestler , has been arrested on accusations of dealing steroids in real - life .
Scott Siegel Arrest
DEA agents went to Scott Siegel ’s two homes Wednesday and say they found 1,500 bottles of anabolic steroids , along with $ 100,000 in cash .
Investigators say Siegel led the authorities on an intense car chase before being apprehended , smashing his vehicle through a wooden fence and slamming into five police cruisers trying to box him in .
He was ultimately caught in the city of Eastchester , New York .
Scott Siegel is charged with steroid distribution and assault on a federal officer .
Siegel ’s lawyer tells
The Wall Street Journal the actor has been denied bail and is being held in jail in Westchester County .
You can read the full complaint here .
The candidacy of Mr Funes was a break from the past for the FMLN , founded by Marxist guerrillas at the end of the civil war in 1992 .
He was the first leader not to be a former combatant and he took the party towards the centre , away from its Marxist roots .
We 've come to expect some degree kind of classlessness , tastelessness and insensitivity from Bill O'Reilly , but his goon squad 's latest escapade goes beyond the pale .
On Jennifer Moore , an 18 - year old girl raped and murdered in July 2006 , O'Reilly naturally blamed the victim :
O'REILLY : So anyway , these two girls come in from the suburbs and they get bombed , and their car is towed because they 're moronic girls and , you know , they do n't have a car .
So they 're standing there in the middle of the night with no car .
And then they separate because they 're drunk .
They separate , which you never do .
All right .
Now Moore , Jennifer Moore , 18 , on her way to college .
She was 5 - foot - 2 , 105 pounds , wearing a miniskirt and a halter top with a bare midriff .
Now , again , there you go .
So every predator in the world is gonna pick that up at two in the morning .
She 's walking by herself on the West Side Highway , and she gets picked up by a thug .
All right .
Now she 's out of her mind , drunk .
That 's par for the course for this sick little man , and no longer raises too many hackles .
O'Reilly , however , still managed to finagle an invitation to speak at the Alexa Foundation , an organization for rape survivors .
In light of this , ThinkProgress thought it appropriate to remind the blogosphere of O'Reilly 's past views towards rape victims .
Here 's how Team Billo responded .
This weekend , while on vacation , I was ambushed by O’Reilly ’s top hit man , producer Jesse Watters , who accosted me on the street and told me that because I highlighted O’Reilly ’s comments , I was causing “ pain and suffering ” to rape victims and their families .
He of course offered no proof to back up this claim , instead choosing to shout questions at me .
Watters apparently followed the writer in question two full hours from her home , so as to ambush her on film while she was on vacation .
– The Stalking : Watters and his camera man accosted me at approximately 3:45 p.m. on Saturday , March 21 , in Winchester , VA , which is a two - hour drive from Washington , DC .
My friend and I were in this small town for a short weekend vacation and had told no one about where we were going .
I can only infer that the two men staked out my apartment and then followed me for two hours .
Looking back , my friend and I remember seeing their tan SUV following us for much of the trip .
– The Ambush : Shortly after checking into our lodgings , we emerged and immediately saw two men walking toward us calling out my name .
Watters said he was from Fox News , but never said his or his companion ’s name , nor did he say he was with The O’Reilly Factor .
Instead of calling Ms. Terkel and asking for an interview , or requesting that she come on the show to explain her post , O'Reilly sent his hitmen to follow her on vacation with the sole purpose of catching her off guard .
It 's sick behavior , the kind of thuggish , obsessive , intimidation we 've come to expect from O'Reilly and should n't accept from anyone .
But , you know , as Ms. Terkel puts it , since she 's apparently a fairly petite woman herself , maybe she was just asking for it :
( CNN ) --
The indigenous people of Alaska have stood firm against some of the most extreme weather conditions on Earth for thousands of years .
But now , flooding blamed on climate change is forcing at least one Eskimo village to move to safer ground .
Floodwaters rip through the village of Newtok , Alaska , destroying its infrastructure .
The community of the tiny coastal village of Newtok voted to relocate its 340 residents to new homes 9 miles away , up the Ninglick River .
The village , home to indigenous Yup 'ik Eskimos , is the first of possibly scores of threatened Alaskan communities that could be abandoned .
Warming temperatures are melting coastal ice shelves and frozen sub-soils , which act as natural barriers to protect the village against summer deluges from ocean storm surges .
" We are seeing the erosion , flooding and sinking of our village right now , " said Stanley Tom , a Yup 'ik Eskimo and tribal administrator for the Newtok Traditional Council .
The crisis is unique because its devastating effects creep up on communities , eating away at their infrastructure , unlike with sudden natural disasters such as wildfires , earthquakes or hurricanes .
Newtok is just one example of what the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change warns is part of a growing climate change crisis that will displace 150 million people by 2050 .
View a map showing Newtok 's proximity to Alaska 's Western shore »
The group says indigenous peoples in Asia , Central America and Africa are threatened by shifting environmental conditions blamed on climate change .
" We will not be able to survive "
Tom 's ancestors have been living in the region for centuries , he said .
" Our land is our resource , our source of food ; it 's our country .
We live off of it .
If we go to another village or city , we will not be able to survive , " Tom said .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has estimated that moving Newtok could cost $ 130 million .
Twenty - six other Alaskan villages are in immediate danger , with an additional 60 considered under threat in the next decade , according to the corps .
The village crisis is taking place as more than 400 indigenous people from 80 nations gather 500 miles ( 800 kilometers ) away in Anchorage , Alaska , at the first Indigenous Peoples ' Global Summit on Climate Change .
The conference aimed to address global issues effecting indigenous communities like the Yup 'ik Eskimos .
The five - day summit also hoped to raise global awareness about the crisis facing these indigenous communities and to help them speak with a more unified voice , said Patricia Cochran , chairwoman of the Inuit Circumpolar Council , which hosted the event .
U.N. scientists have long blamed increases in average global temperatures on the emission of excess greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide by industry and the burning of petroleum - based fuel .
Summit delegates will work on a declaration outlining the climate change - related issues facing indigenous people .
The declaration will be agreed upon Friday and presented at the Conference of Parties United Framework Convention on Climate Change in Copenhagen , Denmark , in December .
" On the international level , the meeting in Copenhagen at the end of the year is incredibly important , it will lay down the road map on how we tackle climate change and who gets to be involved , " said Sam Johnston of Tokyo , Japan - based United Nations University , a co-sponsor of the summit .
" Climate change poses threats and dangers to the survival of indigenous communities worldwide , even though they contribute least to greenhouse emissions , " United Nations General Assembly President Miguel D'Escoto said at the summit .
Worldwide threat
Climate change , conference delegates say , is threatening the traditional lifestyles of indigenous peoples around the world .
Specific environmental threats include droughts , sea level rise , warmer temperatures ; lack of rainfall , flooding and loss of biodiversity , climatologists say .
The specific combination of threats varies by region .
For example , in the island nation of Papua New Guinea , an increase in population growth coupled with rising sea levels is decreasing the amount of crop land making farming very difficult for the indigenous people of the region , according to the U.N .
In the African nation of Kenya , the Samburu tribe is on the verge of a food and economic crisis , the U.N. said , as lengthy droughts kill livestock that provides income and sustenance for the community .
In Mexico , highland Mayan farmers are fighting to survive amid decreasing rainfall , unseasonal frost and unprecedented changes in daytime temperatures , the U.N. reported .
These conditions are forcing the farmers to plant alternative crops and to search for other sources of irrigation .
" We are the ones that are the most effected " by climate change , said Saul Vicente - Vasquez , a Mexican economist and longtime human rights activist for indigenous peoples .
" Climigration " refers to the forced and permanent migration of communities because of severe climate change effects on essential infrastructure .
This differs from migration caused by catastrophic environmental events such as hurricanes and earthquakes .
The concept of " climigration " implies that there is no possibility of these communities returning home , said Alaskan human rights lawyer Robin Bronen , who coined the term .
" There needs to be a new institutional framework that is created , that 's based in human rights doctrines ... that facilitates relocations , " Bronen said .
Back in Newtok , village leaders continue to work with federal and state representatives while they plan to relocate .
" We have a new village , but we do n't have all the funding that the village needs to move right now , " said Sally Russell Cox planner with the Alaska division of community and regional affairs .
If the crisis worsens and forces an emergency evacuation , Cox said officials want to provide " a safe place to go if they need to get out of the village . "
As for Tom , he said he 's looking forward to getting it over with .
" We hope to move to the new village site and be able to get on with regular life . "
All About Global Climate Change • Alaska • United Nations
Police handcuff news crew covering traffic accident David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday April 22 , 2009
Print This Email This When El Paso tv reporter Darren Hunt was asked in a recent interview how he enjoys working for ABC - 7 , he replied " Life is good and I love El Paso .
This is an incredible news town . "
El Paso may have gotten a little more incredible than Hunt would have liked when he found himself handcuffed and detained by a police officer this week , just for attempting to report on a traffic accident .
According to ABC - 7 , Hunt and cameraman Ric Dupont were sent out to film a flipped semi on the interstate .
They parked on the shoulder of the other side of the road as men in military fatigues were helping pull the driver out of the cab .
At that point , Sgt. Raul Ramirez ordered them to leave .
When Hunt persisted in trying to ask the men in fatigues what was going on , Ramirez jumped over the barrier and began yelling , " Get in your truck and move ! "
Hunt replied , referring to his cameraman , " He can shoot if he wants to , " and Ramirez rushed over and grabbed him .
" Do you want me to arrest you ? " Ramirez yelled .
" I 'm telling you something .
I 'm giving you an order . "
An increasingly angry Ramirez twisted Hunt 's arm behind his back , as Hunt objected , " I 'm not doing anything .
I have n't done a thing .
I 'm just trying to leave . "
Ramirez handcuffed Hunt and pushed him against a chain - link fence , then handcuffed the cameraman as well .
Both men were taken to the Westside Regional Command Center but were quickly released .
Police Chief Greg Allen said after reviewing the news video on Tuesday that Ramirez appeared to have acted inappropriately in singling out the news team while ignoring the crowd of onlookers .
" You have the media and the public mingling together , " Allen stated .
" So if general citizens of the community are being allowed to stand by and watch what 's going on , then the media should have as well .
...
Unfortunately this is a police officer that 's acting this way .
The disturbing fact of the situation is that he let his emotions get out of control to where he made some bad decisions . "
Ramirez has been placed on administrative duty pending the outcome of the police investigation of the incident .
ABC 7 has more details here .
This video is from ABC 7 KVIA , broadcast Apr. 21 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Israeli war - tech boffins appear to have stolen a march on those of Blighty in the matter of the long - sought 360° wireless camera grenade , which can be hurled or shot through a door , window etc and so give combat troops a picture of what lies beyond .
To mild media fanfare , the UK Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) announced last November that such a device - dubbed " I - ball " - is under development by British designers .
" The technology behind I - Ball is an exciting new development that has very significant potential ... particularly in difficult urban operations , " said MoD tech chief Professor Andrew Baird .
" We are very excited about the technology 's potential to help our troops , " added Paul Thompson of Dreampact , the UK firm developing the cam - grenade with MoD funding .
However , when the I - Ball arrives ( it was " in its early stages " at the end of 2008 , apparently ) it will not be new or exciting .
The Israel Defence Forces ( IDF ) have such equipment ready to use , and indeed have used it .
According to the IDF website , the recent Gaza strip incursion by Israel - referred to as " Operation Cast Lead " - saw the combat baptism of a piece of kit called " Bull Island " :
Bull Island , which is a camera shaped as a tennis ball that can be thrown into any building and transfers 360 degree imagery to the troops on the ground outside of the structure .
This camera , as well as other robots , used by the IDF helped to identify booby - trapped houses , or buildings with armed terrorists , thus minimizing the risk of IDF casualties .
So it would appear that I - Ball or something very like it is already to be had .
If we British taxpayers corporately believe that such a gizmo would save our troops ' lives - and that after all is why we 're developing I - Ball , apparently - we should just buy some Bull Islands .
The Israelis would certainly sell - they 're already supplying the British Army with surveillance drones .
Why , it 's almost as though the MoD procurement budget was more about industrial subsidy than about equipping troops and saving lives . ®
Charles Dickens knew more than he would have wished about scarlet fever .
His son , Charley , was afflicted by it , causing the family to leave Paris hurriedly and return to London in 1847 , and it featured in several of his novels .
It was a much - feared disease that caused devastating epidemics through the 19th and early 20th centuries , resulting in thousands of deaths .
Now , 160 years later , it is making a comeback .
Almost 3,000 cases were recorded in 2008 , the highest total for a decade , and doctors fear a dangerous strain of the infection is becoming more widespread .
It is not the only 19th century disease to make a comeback .
Mumps and measles are on the rise , whooping cough notifications are up and cases of typhoid are increasing .
Justine Greening , shadow minister for London , last week claimed London was experiencing a surge in Victorian diseases more closely associated with the world of Dickens than the modern era of health clubs and fitness regimes .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Ms Greening , Tory MP for Putney , said there were 393 cases of mumps in the capital in 2008 , up by 214 per cent in a year , whooping cough cases had quadrupled in five years to 252 , there were 501 cases of scarlet fever ( a rise of 153 per cent since 2005 ) and 127 cases of typhoid .
She accused the Government of failing to invest enough in public health or to appoint enough school nurses .
" The rise of these highly infectious and potentially fatal diseases in our cities is truly alarming , the Government must do more to ensure the public health of Londoners , " she said .
Is she right ?
Greening 's charge is accurately targeted and hits Labour where it hurts most – on health .
After a decade in which record sums have been spent on the NHS and living standards have risen , why should diseases associated with poverty and pestilence be on the rise ?
First , a little context setting .
In Dickens ' day hundreds of thousands of people fell victim every year to measles , mumps , whooping cough and scarlet fever and thousands died .
Epidemics were frequent and lethal on a scale undreamt of today .
In the last century the toll from infectious diseases has declined dramatically , thanks to improved housing and sanitation , antibiotics and vaccination .
Take whooping cough .
Latest figures show there were just over 1,500 notifications in 2008 , the highest total since 1999 .
Yet as late as the 1950s , regular epidemics infected upwards of 150,000 people a year in England and Wales .
Cases fell sharply following the introduction of whooping cough vaccine in 1960 to below 20,000 , ( peaking again in the late 1970s at 60,000 cases following a scare about the vaccine 's safety ) .
Next , most infections are cyclical – with natural peaks and troughs .
Scarlet fever follows a cycle rising and falling roughly every four years – and is currently on a rising trend .
Flu is also cyclical , with some years worse than others , and we are still awaiting the century 's first pandemic , after three global epidemics last century in which millions died .
Vaccination plays a key role in diseases such as measles .
The decade - old scare over MMR , which saw vaccination rates slump from 92 per cent to below 80 per cent nationwide , and as low as 30 per cent in some areas , has seen cases surge .
There were 1,370 cases in 2008 , up a third on the previous year and the highest total since records began in 1995 .
Scientists warned last summer that Britain faced the threat of epidemic on the scale of those that occurred in the 1950s and 1960s , before vaccination was introduced , with up to 100,000 people infected .
Ministers responded by launching a publicity campaign to persuade parents of unvaccinated children to bring them in for the jab and more than one million doses of vaccine were stockpiled by primary care trusts .
Mumps , also covered by MMR , is on the rise for different reasons .
There were 998 cases in the first two months of 2009 , compared with 322 in the whole of last year .
This looks like a steep rise until set against the last peak , in 2005 , when 43,000 cases were recorded .
The recent decline in MMR vaccination is not responsible in this case .
The age group chiefly affected – university students aged in their late teens and early twenties – received the MMR vaccination around 20 years ago , long before the scare over its supposed link with autism led to a fall in uptake .
Some were too old to be vaccinated with MMR , which was introduced in 1988 , and some had only one dose , which was inadequate to provide complete protection .
In other cases , even two doses has proved insufficient , defined as examples of " vaccine failure " .
Increased numbers of people at university and college , living in close contact , makes it easier for the disease to pass from one person to another .
Experts say cases of mumps are expected to rise over the next few years , until the fully vaccinated population reaches university age .
Typhoid is the odd one out in the list , because it is not infectious , and rarely transmitted in this country .
It is passed from person to person via contaminated food and water and most cases are contracted abroad .
The number of patients affected has risen to more than 500 a year , from 300 a decade ago .
Vaccination against typhoid is available to travellers but not routinely offered to UK residents because of the low risk .
The recent rise in cases is likely to be linked with increased numbers of visitors to the UK from abroad .
So Ms Greening 's account , of recent rises in infectious illnesses signalling a return to the Victorian era , is a colourful interpretation of the facts .
Diseases , like politicians , come and go .
Occasionally we can influence their passage , sometimes we can hold them back but often the best we can do is hope and pray .
Are Commercial Databases Worth It ?
I ’ve worked with expensive SQL Server and Oracle setups for most of my career .
I ’ve defended them viciously against all comers and contrarians .
I ’ve participated in late - night guerilla flame wars and drunken bar brawls .
And I ’ve sought out with relentless tunnel vision those pieces of propaganda which support my foregone conclusion : that SQL Server and / or Oracle are ( or were ) the best choices for the organization .
I used to be a commercial database advocate .
These databases have put food on my table for a dozen years , you see .
I am ( or was ) what you might call an entrenched practicioner , not necessarily an expert , but a practicioner .
And in the manner of entrenched practicioners around the world , I ’ve treated you heretics with the sadistic undercutting and poisonous rancor you ’ve deserved !
“ MySQL ? ” I would sneer .
“ PostgreSQL ?
Thanks , but this a serious project .
We need a database we can depend on . ”
Ahem .
The number of times I performed due diligence to determine if , in fact , SQL Server / Oracle was the best choice not for me , but for the team , the client , the employer , the organization ?
And if I had performed said due diligence , what would I have learned ?
Just two things :
SQL Server and Oracle are , indeed , excellent databases .
( Okay , we already knew this . )
SQL Server and Oracle are the wrong choice for 95 % of data storage needs , including at the enterprise level .
Nowadays I like to think of SQL Server and Oracle as the Death Stars of the relational database universe .
Extremely powerful .
Monolithic .
Brilliant .
Complex almost beyond the ability of a single human mind to understand .
And a monumental waste of money except in those rare situations when you actually need to destroy a planet .
And I ’ve watched two dozen companies ( at least ) hemorrhage money on databases they do n’t need , impacting and obfuscating their bottom line with ornate Hobbesian licensing schemes , perpetuating the Fallacy of Brand - Name Software :
All other things being equal , and assuming you have the budget , always prefer an expensive well - trimmed commercial product like [ insert commercial product name here ] to cheaper analogues such as [ insert open - source or reasonably - priced product here ] .
The guys over in the XYZ project used [ expensive commercial product ] , our internal XYZ uses [ expensive commercial product ] , ergo , new company - wide policy : use [ expensive commercial product ] .
Sure , at $ 89,000 a license , [ expensive commercial product ] is a little expensive , but who are we kidding ?
We spend [ insert ridiculous amount of crazed - monkey - sex Monopoly money here ] on IT each and every year .
Well sure , you spend a ridiculous amount of money on IT .
Ever wonder why ?
Why commit your project , your organization , your empire , to building and maintaining a Death Star when what you really need is an X - Wing fighter , an AT - AT , or at best , a Star Destroyer ?
Especially given that :
The performance of properly configured PostgreSQL / MySQL installations can rival that of SQL Server and Oracle .
The vast majority of applications do n’t need the emergent capabilities of the latest - and - greatest Microsoft and Oracle database stacks .
PostgreSQL and MySQL are 100 % free ( there are commercial distributions ) which means , you guessed it , no upwards - scalability curve of licensing doom .
( Of course , it should be mentioned that Oracle now owns Sun and therefore controls MySQL . )
Oracle and SQL Server have richer feature sets than MySQL or PostgreSQL or Firebird or any other open - source database .
They have more integrated functionality .
Nobody would argue otherwise .
But are developers and DBAs and the people who influence purchase decisions fully cognizant of ( for example ) just how rich PostgreSQL ’s feature set is ?
An enterprise class database , PostgreSQL boasts sophisticated features such as Multi-Version Concurrency Control ( MVCC ) , point in time recovery , tablespaces , asynchronous replication , nested transactions ( savepoints ) , online / hot backups , a sophisticated query planner / optimizer , and write ahead logging for fault tolerance .
It supports international character sets , multibyte character encodings , Unicode , and it is locale - aware for sorting , case - sensitivity , and formatting .
It is highly scalable both in the sheer quantity of data it can manage and in the number of concurrent users it can accommodate .
There are active PostgreSQL systems in production environments that manage in excess of 4 terabytes of data .
Setting PostgreSQL aside , are developers aware that MySQL has upwards of 11 million installations including such majors as Facebook , YouTube , Flickr , and Wikipedia ?
Well sure , everybody knows that .
MySQL runs the web , right ?
So do we really need the Oracle / SQL Server support for four - dimensional enraged - leprechaun hypercube visualization when the data needs of most organizations are modest , and when the two leading open - sources databases have repeatedly proven their mettle ?
No .
Not unless you ’re running a 1 % sort of scenario , leveraging proprietary Oracle / SQL Server features .
( In which case , you might have a different sort of problem . )
Otherwise the answer is simply : no .
But do n’t let that stop you !
By all means , if you ’re on a cost - plus government contract where waste is encouraged , go ahead and shell out for those expensive closed databases .
If when Microsoft or Oracle says “ jump ! ” your organization says “ how high ? ” go ahead and lock yourself into a costly licensing deal for top - shelf database vodka .
If your organization is dominated by smooth - talking would - be technology evangelists who are pursuing a personal agenda , as is so frequently the case , then there ’s probably not much you can do in any case .
But if you care about money , if you believe that …
No !
It ’s NOT okay to squander a quarter million dollars per annum on database licensing fees even though our IT budget is in the tens of millions .
… and if you have the power to actually influence purchase decisions , then use open - source databases when you can , commercial databases when you absolutely must .
Your CFO will thank you for it .*
* - Well , probably not .
Such is life .
OAuth Security Advisory : 2009.1
23 - April-2009
A session fixation attack against the OAuth Request Token approval flow ( OAuth Core 1.0 Section 6 ) has been discovered .
Impact
All standards - compliant implementations of the OAuth Core 1.0 protocol that use the OAuth authorization flow ( also known as ‘ 3 - legged OAuth ’ ) are affected .
Details
The attack starts with the attacker visiting the ( honest ) Consumer site , optionally logging into an account he owns at that site .
The attacker initiates the OAuth authorization process but rather than follow the redirect from the Consumer to obtain authorization , the attacker instead saves the authorization request URI ( which includes the Request Token ) .
Later , the attacker convinces a victim to click on a link consisting of the authorization request URI to approve access to the victim ’s Protected Resources to the ( honest ) Consumer .
By clicking on the link , the victim continues the request that the attacker initiated , including the Request Token that the ( honest ) Consumer issued to the attacker .
Note that the victim is redirected to the legitimate approval page at the Service Provider and prompted by the Service Provider to approve the ( honest ) Consumer .
It is not possible for the victim to detect that there is an ongoing attack .
After the victim grants approval , the attacker can use the saved Request Token to complete the authorization flow , and access whatever Protected Resources are exposed by the ( honest ) Consumer site as part of its service .
If the attacker has an account with the ( honest ) Consumer site , the access may persist in future visits .
XSRF protections at the Consumer site do not mitigate against this attack .
Advice
It is recommended that Service Providers immediately implement appropriate monitoring to detect exploit attempts .
The OAuth Core 1.0 Revision A specification has been published to address this issue .
It is strongly recommended that all implementations are updated to the new revision .
It is recommended that Service Providers offer adequate messaging to their users about the risks of starting an authorization flow from an untrusted location ( see below for suggested wording ) .
This warning should be displayed in the authorization interface for Consumer sites that have not upgraded to a version of the spec that fixes this issue .
This warning can be suppressed if the Service Provider and the Consumer have agreed on other mitigation procedures .
Suggested wording on authorization pages :
“ This website is registered with SERVICE_PROVIDER_DOMAIN_NAME to make authorization requests , but has not been configured to send requests securely .
If you grant access but you did not initiate this request at CONSUMER_DOMAIN_NAME , it may be possible for other users of CONSUMER_DOMAIN_NAME to access your data .
We recommend you deny access unless you are certain that you initiated this request directly with CONSUMER_DOMAIN_NAME . ”
Reported Attacks
There are no reported exploits of this attack .
طريقة التسجيل ورفع تطبيق في موقع OnlyWhatsAppDownloader طريقة التسجيل ورفع تطبيق في موقع OnlyWhatsAppDownloader طريقة التسجيل في موقع OnlyWhatsAppDownloader …
طريقة فحص او اختراق شبكات الواي فاي Wi-Fi المنزلية بدون روت Without Root طريقة فحص او اختراق شبكات الواي فاي Wi-Fi المنزلية بدون روت Without Root طريقة الحصول على كلمة سر الشبك ا …
طريقة تركيب نظامiPhone أو iPad طريقة تركيب نظام iPhone أو iPad طريقة تغيير الروم الخاص بأجهزة ايفون او ايباد لجميع الإصدارات …
كيفية كتابة رسائل قراءة المزيد في الوتس اب ميزة الوتس اب قراءة المزيد على رسائل واتس اب عمل رسالة قراءة المزيد في الوتس اب اضافة ميزة فراءة المزيد في الوتس اب قرا …
StarCraft 2 Beta Coming In Months , Will Include Next - generation Battle.net
Sams added that an early version of the new Battle .
net architecture will be included in the beta test .
Those that attended BlizzCon 2008 received a voucher for beta access .
Unfortunately , Sams did not disclose when Blizzard is planning to release the first of its three upcoming StarCraft II titles , only confirming that a major " frontline " Blizzard title will be released in 2009 .
Bernanke : Minorities Need To ' Strengthen Their Financial Literacy '
American minorities need to " strengthen their financial literacy , " Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke told students and faculty at Atlanta 's historically black Morehouse College in Atlanta today .
On a day when President Obama delivered an Economic Crisis 101 lecture to students and faculty at Georgetown University , Bernanke was doing the same thing in Atlanta .
During an expansive Q - and - A session with Morehouse students after his speech , Bernanke was asked about the household wealth gap between whites and blacks in America .
" It ’s absolutely right the difference between minority and white wealth is very significant , and part of that is related to income levels where whites have a higher average income , " Bernanke said .
" But even if you control for income level , you find minorities have gathered less wealth . "
Part of the cause , Bernanke said , is a lack of " financial education . "
" There needs to be a broader understanding in minority communities , which have n't had that much exposure , about saving and building a credit record and being part of the mainstream economy , " Bernanke said .
Too many minorities do n't have bank accounts , he said , and " borrow from payday lenders and cash checks at check - cashing services , " he said , both of which charge high rates for their services .
" They would be better off in the mainstream banking system , " Bernanke said .
" So one thing that could help would be to try to strengthen the financial literacy and financial education " of U.S. minorities .
Bernanke also said that " it 's an absolute tragedy " that some Morehouse students have been forced to drop out of school because they can no longer afford tuition , thanks to the ongoing recession .
Bernanke was asked if the economic crisis has caused him to change his economic philosophy .
" That 's about the toughest question you could have asked , " Bernanke said .
" I would say the jury 's still out on that . "
-- Frank Ahrens
Sign up to get The Ticker on Twitter
Stable and completed code for Windows 7 will be released to early adopters during the coming week , with mass availability planned for the following Tuesday .
The eagerly awaited Windows 7 Release Candidate 1 will be posted to members of Microsoft 's Developer Network and TechNet for download on April 30 .
RC1 will be made generally available on May 5 , Microsoft said late Friday .
Microsoft confirmed the dates after the RC leaked to four torrent sites , causing excitement and frustration that Microsoft did n't appear to be offering a date for release .
This is expected to be the last code cut before Windows 7 is delivered as final product , unless major bugs or faults are uncovered .
Microsoft pointedly did not give a date for Windows 7's release to manufacturing when it announced the RC and has been clinging to a 2010 time frame .
The smart money , though , is on release to manufacturing and OEMs this year , as early as this summer .
Consumers are expected to get Windows 7 on new PCs and as boxed product in time for the back - to - school shopping window starting in September and October or the holiday shopping season a little later .
Businesses on Microsoft 's enterprise accounts are likely to get a slightly earlier lead - time on the new operating system .
Windows XP , the predecessor to Windows Vista , officially launched in October 2001 - in good time for the holiday shopping season - while Windows Vista was delivered to consumers in the fallow , post - holiday shopping period of a February - a fact that meant a disappointing start to sales .
Windows 7 has been pretty much completed from a usability perspective for a while , with people already using the operating system at work .
Windows Experience blogger Brandon LeBlanc said changes since January 's beta included bug fixes and improvements to the overall " experience , " He pointed to refinements in the new taskbar , the behavior of Aero Peek , Touch , and Windows Media Player .
You can see what changed between the beta and RC here and here . ®
Linoleum asphalt mosaics , also called Toynbee Tiles , are artworks permanently embedded in pavement .
In this video I ’ll show you how to construct your own from inexpensive materials .
You can get real linoleum ( do n’t use vinyl flooring ) for this project by ordering free samples online .
By cutting out a mosaic design in the linoleum and sandwiching it between layers of paper , wood glue , and asphalt crack filler , you can affix the mosaic very permanently to any asphalt surface , such as your driveway .
You may choose to use a heat gun to make the linoleum easier to cut , or even a laser cutter .
The earliest examples of these tiles were found in the 70s and 80s on streets in Philadelphia , all bearing the same ( or very similar ) message : “ Toynbee idea / in Kubrick ’s 2001 / resurrect dead / on planet Jupiter . ”
They are speculated to have been created by the same person until they began to gain a following .
There ’s an active message board on the topic which shares sightings and other information .
Costar is Matt Mechtley , used this cc-licensed photo , music by Kyle Gabler .
Reposted from CRAFT .
Member since Mar 02 , 2009 .
Last seen online 11 years , 2 months ago .
/
The Undo - Redo paradox Friday , March 20 , 2009
In July 2008 I started development on LLBLGen Pro v3 's new designer .
The first thing I realized was that I needed a good , solid , generic framework to base the new designer on , especially because v3 would introduce a new big feature : model - first entity model development .
In short , model - first means that the user starts the designer and can build an entity model from scratch ( so no meta - data available whatsoever ) and create meta -data and mappings from that entity model , or modify an existing or reverse engineered model by adding new elements .
So the user will edit , delete , and do other things which are n't based on any meta - data , but based on theory , thought processes and perhaps trial / error .
In short : the user will make changes to a live model in memory and will try to undo and redo these changes during the process .
Everywhere .
Always .
So undo / redo has to be present everywhere , and always in every situation .
Removing an element , like an entity definition , should remove all its related and depending elements or at least make them update themselves and undo-ing that removal should restore the original state .
The framework I had in mind would need to be able to undo any edit action , any change .
I also needed a new set of data - structures to store the entity model in .
In v2.x of LLBLGen Pro , the entity model is stored in an ' enclosed way ' : if an entity E has a relationship with entity F , it has a relationship object R which is stored inside E ( if F also has a relationship with E , there 's a relationship object representing that relationship and which is stored in F ) .
While this might be a natural way of storing object graphs ( the graph edges are the references between the vertices ) , it leads to a problem : you can't reason over the entire model , as it always requires traversal of the object tree in a way where you need to dig through an object ( e.g. the EntityDefinition instance which contains the instance of the entity relationship ) to get to other elements .
A graph object with vertices and edges ( so the entities would be the vertices and the relationships would be the edges ) would be easier to do reasoning over the model .
To be able to undo any change to a model , you need to have some kind of mechanism to perform the change in the first place and then simply revert the action the mechanism performed .
This is solved with the Command pattern .
In short , it describes a way to perform actions ( the ' commands ' ) onto a data - structure or other element and as you have described the action through a command , you can extend it to perform another action when the command action has to be ' undone ' or better : rolled back .
However , my v2.x code base of LLBLGen
Pro does n't use the command pattern to do its actions , as it never needed to : to get things done you call methods on objects which call other methods , set properties etc. , the basic OO style of maintaining an object model in memory .
Implementing everything through commands now seemed like a lot of work : imagine every property get / set action has to be done through commands so the change is undo-able , every method call made might change internal members and these changes have to be undoable as well .
Algorithmia
I decided to solve this properly and from the ground up so I started working on a separate project : Algorithmia .
Algorithmia started as a .
NET 3.5 class library I wrote in my spare time to learn .
NET 3.5's new lambda stuff and which contained some well - known algorithms and data - structures which were n't in the .NET 3.5 BCL ( or not implemented in a useful manner ) .
So I implemented in - place sort algorithms ( so these sort a data - structure in - place , not like Linq 's OrderBy ( ) methods which return a new enumerable ) as extension methods , a couple of priority queues and heaps like a full Fibonacci Heap .
Algorithmia seemed ( and still is ) perfect to add my general purpose algorithms and data - structures to , and the undo - redo algorithms and related classes are no exception .
After some long , deep thinking I realized I needed two fundamental things to meet LLBLGen Pro v3 requirements : a general purpose undo / redo mechanism and a set of data - structures , like a graph structure which are undo / redo aware .
The two separate areas should have 1 thing in common : undo / redo should be transparent to the user ( the developer ) .
With transparent I mean :
someObject .
Name = " Some String " ;
where the property set action in the statement above should be undoable ( and redo - able ) .
The traditional command pattern approach would have forced one to write such a simple statement with a command , so the action ( setting the property ) would be undoable by setting it again to the original value .
I wanted it solved differently so I did n't need to write command calls everywhere and I also could leverage databinding for example or events and other things build into the .NET framework .
Commands , Command queues and their overlord manager .
To understand what undo / redo really means and how complex it can get , let 's look at an example .
Say I have a graph with two entity definitions : Customer and Order , and a one to many relationship R between them .
Furthermore I map a foreign key field onto R in Order ( so it points to Customer 's identifying fields , which happens to be CustomerID ) .
All nice and dandy .
I feel a bit bold today and I select Customer and hit the DEL key .
Obviously , the Customer entity definition is deleted from the model .
But that 's not enough .
To remove it from the model , I have to remove it from the graph and because I do that , I have a dangling relationship ( R ) which has to be removed from the graph as well .
If R is removed , the foreign key field in Order also has to be removed as it's based on R. Pressing DEL sounds rather complex all of a sudden .
The traditional command pattern approach suggests that you issue the action to remove Customer from the entity model graph through a command however that immediately gives a problem : what has to happen to the actions which follow immediately after the removal , like the removal of R and the foreign key field ?
Do we have to add these commands to the command which did the removal of Customer from the graph or not ?
If we do n't , undo-ing the removal of Customer does n't automatically undo the follow up actions as well , as these seem to be unrelated .
But if we do add these commands to the initial command , it will create a complex piece of code which is also immediately unmaintainable as it has to know about all things which could happen after we 've removed Customer from the graph .
The Command
To undo an action , you can take several approaches .
For example , you could use the transactional approach where you make changes to a temporary space and finalize it when you commit the transaction .
Another approach is to read the initial state right before the Do action is performed and Undo simply restores that state .
I 've taken the second approach as it is more flexible : there 's no transaction to commit : a change is a change and it's final however , it 's always undoable .
What makes this easy is the introduction of lambda 's in .NET 3.5 .
Do and Undo are simply lambda's .
The command has support for lambdas which read the state before the Do lambda is called and the Undo action is simply passing in the original state into the Undo lambda and the action is undone .
There are various bells and whistles added to that of course , but that 's the basic idea .
The Command Queue
To be able to manage when to undo what , commands are placed in stack - like data - structures : the last command placed into the data - structure is the first to undo .
However , that 's a 1 - dimensional data - structure .
In my example above , undo-ing the removal of Customer requires the undo-ing of the removal of R and the removal of the foreign key field .
So I created a Command Queue .
A Command Queue is internally a Linked List ( with a more flexible implementation than BCL's as concatenating these Linked Lists takes O ( 1 ) as it should instead of BCL's LinkedList class ) with a simple pointer where the last command is .
Commands are placed in a Command Queue , one after the other .
This gives the flexibility of undo-ing and redo-ing them by simply moving a pointer along the Linked List inside the Command Queue .
To be able to undo a command which spawned other commands , I placed a Command Queue inside every Command .
This gives the advantage that when I undo a command , it first calls Undo on all commands in its own queue and then it performs the Undo of itself .
Undo -ing a command inside its queue could mean that that command also will perform an Undo action on several other commands first .
And here we have our multi-dimensional structure we needed for the situation of our example .
However it of course gives another problem : how do we get all these commands neatly nested into each other without any hassle ?
The Command Queue manager
I created a thread - safe singleton class which manages the command queues , the CommandQueueManager .
This manager is fairly straight forward and it's the interface for the developer to undo / redo anything , to enqueue and execute commands and to keep everything working in the right order .
There are some static helper methods on the Command class to easily enqueue itself , but in general the manager is the one to talk to ( ai n't that always the case ? )
The bare - bones mechanism comes down to this : it has an active stack of Command queues and a command which comes in to be executed is simply placed in the command queue at the top of the stack .
If a command is executed its queue is placed on top of this stack and every command that gets created while this command is executed is thus placed inside the queue of the command which originated it .
When the command is done with its
Do method , its queue is popped and the previous queue is now at the top of the stack , which can be the queue of the previous command or the main queue of the manager .
Scopes and threads
Singletons have the side - effect that there 's just one instance at runtime , which is nice because that 's the reason they 're there .
The downside is of course that multi- threaded applications have to deal with a shared resource and that 's always a sign trouble is ahead if you 're not careful .
The manager is thread - safe , which means only one thread can queue and work with commands at any given time .
Per thread there 's also one stack , so different threads can't add commands to each other 's command queues .
In a way , per thread there 's a unique scope .
Such a scope consists of a command queue stack .
It might be handy in some cases in single - threaded approaches as well : what if you want to create a boundary in which a user can undo / redo actions but when the user closes the form for example the actions are final ?
That requires a unique scope for that edit form .
The Command Queue manager can deal with that , you simply ask for a scope with a new ID and you get it .
If you ask for the scope of an ID which was already known , the scope of that ID becomes active .
Back to our example ...
So let 's go back to our Customer , Order , R and the foreign key field .
The user selected Customer and pressed DEL .
The UI controller calls into the main system and asks the Project to remove entity Customer .
The Project then starts working , but what exactly does it have to do ?
Remember that I needed a graph to be undo / redo aware .
The Entity Model is implemented using Algorithmia 's graph class where entity definitions are vertices and relationships are edges ( non-directed edges ) .
The graph is undo - redo aware , it manages itself through commands .
So removing the Customer entity definition from the Project is as simple as telling the graph to get rid of the Customer instance it has inside itself as a vertex .
The UI controller called the single Project method through a command .
That command 's Command Queue was placed onto the stack of the current scope and its
Do lambda was executed .
All commands added to the Command Queue Manager will end up in this queue or in a nested queue , so undo-ing the removal will undo all these commands as well .
The graph removes the vertex Customer from itself through a command , which is placed inside the UI call command 's queue .
The graph notices a dangling edge , R . It removes it too , also through a command , and this command is also placed in that same queue .
And now things start to get interesting : when R was removed from the graph , the graph called a method on the edge which raised the edge 's event ElementRemoved .
Is anyone listing to that ?
Yes , the object which is used inside the foreign key field inside Order .
As the relationship has been removed ( as been told through the event ) , the foreign key field has no purpose anymore , and has to remove itself as well .
As it is placed inside a command - aware list , called CommandifiedList < T > , it simply removes itself from its container though that container does the actual removal through a command .
That command ends up in ... the queue of the removal of R , as that was the active command in progress and that command 's queue is on the stack .
So after all this , we have a nested set of commands which we can undo , in the right order , and also which we can redo , in the right order , without the complexity of requiring command creation everywhere , being aware of which command is spawned from where ... none of that at all : it 's straight - forward .NET code like you and I are used to write .
Undo-ing this Customer removal starts by calling the Undo method on that command .
As that command contains a queue with two commands ( removal of Customer from the graph and removal of R from the graph ) .
It starts with the last command , which is the removal of R and calls Undo on that .
The removal of R command has also commands in its queue , namely the removal of the foreign key field , and starts undo-ing that command first .
This makes sure everything is played back in the right order .
But what about that simple property setter example we started with ?
Let 's look at the logic behind that simple statement and how things are made transparently undoable .
The little worker class under the hood : CommandifiedMember
The following code snippet shows a simple test class used in some unit -tests for the command functionality :
public class HelperClass { private enum HelperChangeType { Name } private readonly CommandifiedMember< string , HelperChangeType > _name ; public HelperClass ( ) { // create a new commandifiedmember instance and set the default value to empty string _name = new CommandifiedMember < string , HelperChangeType > ( " Name " , HelperChangeType.
Name , string .
Empty ) ; } public string Name { get { return _name .
MemberValue ; } set { _name .
MemberValue = value ; } } }
To combine a lot of functionality around a single member which was needed in a lot of cases I created a class called Commandified Member .
Commandified Member does a lot of things : it sets the value of the member using commands , so setting the value is undo-able .
It checks whether the value to set is equal to the current value of the member , so it does n't issue unnecessary commands .
It raises events when the value changes so observers can subscribe on these changes and act accordingly .
It has awareness of interfaces which might be implemented on values set as the member value .
This is important in the case of the foreign key field of our example : if the identifying field 's type changes , the foreign key field 's type also changes .
To be aware of that , it needs a signal from the identifying field it relates to .
Simply changing the identifying field 's type will raise an event which will end up in the foreign key field 's member which notices this as it automatically subscribed to the event as it recognized it .
The member then simply raises an event so the foreign key field notices this and can act accordingly .
Similar to removing the relationship R for example : R is removed , so it raises an event that it 's been removed .
Observers , like Commandified Member instances which refer to it , can now act accordingly and set themselves to null or raise an event for example .
The code snippet above does n't show it , but there 's more built in : it is also IDataErrorInfo aware .
This is done through an object which is pluggable into a CommandifiedMember and which is also part of Algorithmia , called ErrorContainer .
Commandified Member is aware of validation and calls a virtual method before it continues to call the Do action .
It takes care of logging the error in the ErrorContainer and if a correct value is accepted , it clears the error accordingly .
The code snippet above also shows the usage of an enum which is used for the change - type specification .
This is useful if you want to use undo / redo to its full potential and implement a lot of logic through events using the Observer pattern : HelperClass could sport an ElementChanged event which propagated the HelperChangeType to its subscribers , which could then easily determine what exactly changed in HelperClass without the necessity for a lot of events and also avoiding string - based approaches like INotifyProperty Changed .
So with the Commandified Member in place , I can create the following , undo / redo aware code :
HelperClass h = new HelperClass ( ) ; h. Name = " Foo " ;
By setting the property , I indirectly create a command which sets the actual member , compile time checked .
I can undo this action by simply asking the Command Queue Manager to undo the last command .
However , I 'm not even aware that setting the property is an undo / redo aware affair nor do I care .
I simply write code like I used to do , without the hassle of creating commands to make sure things are undoable later on : missing one spot makes some things suddenly not undoable , with the Commandified Member , that 's not possible .
As it 's transparent , I can bind the Name property of an instance of HelperClass to a control and have undo / redo awareness without even writing any code : if the control sets the value of Name , it will be undoable .
Of course , to make the control become aware of the fact that Name has been rolled back , I have to implement INotifyProperty Changed on HelperClass , but that 's pretty easy to do : I get an event when _name changes so I can anticipate on the change by a simple event handler :
public class BindableHelperClass : INotifyPropertyChanged { public event PropertyChangedEventHandler PropertyChanged ; private enum HelperChangeType { Name } private readonly CommandifiedMember< string , HelperChangeType > _name ; public BindableHelperClass ( ) { _name = new CommandifiedMember< string , HelperChangeType >( " Name " , HelperChangeType.
Name , string .
Empty ) ; _name .
ValueChanged += new EventHandler<MemberChangedEventArgs<HelperChangeType , string >>( _name_ValueChanged ) ; } private void OnPropertyChanged ( string propertyName ) { if ( this .
PropertyChanged!=null ) { this .
PropertyChanged ( this , new PropertyChangedEventArgs( propertyName ) ) ; } } private void _name_ValueChanged ( object sender , MemberChangedEventArgs<HelperChangeType , string > e ) { switch ( e. TypeOfChange ) { case HelperChangeType.Name : OnPropertyChanged ( " Name " ) ; break ; } } public string Name { get { return _name .
MemberValue ; } set { _name .
MemberValue = value ; } } }
I introduced a switch for checking on the change type , which is a little overkill as there 's just 1 member , but you get the idea .
It 's not really more code than one would write in the case of a simple normal class , however you get value checking , event raising , undo / redo etc. all for free .
Binding the Name property of an instance of this class to a control , say a TextBox , will make it possible to edit this instance with undo / redo awareness .
So where does this ' Paradox ' of the title come into play exactly ?
Well I think you now know enough information to understand the following example of it .
The Undo / Redo ' Paradox '
The Undo / Redo ' paradox ' as I dubbed it ( probably a bad name , so forgive me ) , is the contradiction between what the user thinks what 's being undone and what the system thinks the user means that should be undone .
I 've specified ' paradox ' in quotes as sometimes people call things a paradox while they clearly are n't a paradox and I 'm not yet sure if this is a true paradox , though I have a feeling it unfortunately is .
I 've created a real - life example of the paradox in the following screenshot .
It 's a screenshot of a part of the LLBLGen Pro v3 GUI ( where I moved everything close together so it fits in a tiny area ) :
There 's a lot of info in this tiny screenshot and I 'll describe briefly what 's important to understand the problem .
The project shown is a dummy test project with a couple of random entities .
At the left you 'll see the Project Explorer which shows the groups , the entities , the value types and the typed lists ( some elements are still not there , in the case you 're missing something .
It 's not done yet ) .
At the right of the Project Explorer you see the editor for the Customer entity which is a subtype of Person , and below it a debug panel for the command queue manager where I can see which commands are in the queue and inside which other commands they 're stored .
As you can see , after I 've loaded the project , I created a typed list called Test which spawned one command , the addition of adding a new item to a Commandified List .
The arrow suggests it 's the current command , so pressing cntrl - Z or clicking Undo in the toolbar will undo that command .
So , what 's the problem ?
Well , it 's at the top : I typed a space in the entity name and tabbed away from the textbox .
The validator plugged into the Commandified Member kicked in and denied the value and reported an error : names can't have spaces .
So the cursor stays in that textbox .
What will happen if I press cntrl - Z or click Undo ?
Will that undo the change I made inside the textbox by undoing the insertion of the space , or will it undo the last command it knows , creating the typed list ?
The ' paradox ' is that the system is n't aware of any command setting the Entity Name to an invalid value ( as that would make the project become erroneous : what if I entered a name which is already taken ? ) however the user is .
The textbox has a cntrl - Z mechanism , where pressing cntrl - Z will undo the changes in the textbox , which in the case above would remove the inserted space and everything would be normal .
However , what does the user mean : local undo or global undo when issuing the undo command and when are local undo's all of a sudden global undo's ?
In general : there 's a global undo / redo system with a global access mechanism ( cntrl - Z/ cntrl - Y ) and there are two different scopes in play : the local editor scope and the global model scope : issuing an Undo action raises the question : do you want to undo a local action which might not be propagated to the global model scope ( e.g. the change has n't been processed yet ) or do you want to undo the last change at the global model scope level ?
This is n't an easy question to answer , as I hope to illustrate in the explanations below .
A perhaps more well - known example of this problem is the issue you run into with the Windows Forms designer and after that when you change code in the form class : after you 've made some changes to a form in design view , you switch to the class and add some code , like a member declaration .
Then press cntrl - Z a couple of times till you 've undone all your changes to the code and you 'll likely see a message box pop up which tells you that you can undo one last thing which can't be redone .
Why is that ?
It 's the same issue : suddenly the local scope you were working in ( the code editor ) has no more commands to undo and pressing cntrl - Z again then raises the question : does the user want to undo more commands in the editor ( though there are n't any left ) or does the user want to undo things on a model / global scale , like the changes made to the design view of the form ?
That 's unclear and can't be solved by the undo / redo system by itself : perhaps the user simply only wants to undo / redo the changes in the editor ( like the textbox or code editor ) and stop undo-ing commands if there are n't any left , in that scope .
However , perhaps the user wanted to undo things on a global scale after all commands in the local scope are undone and to do that the user has to leave the editor to signal that the undo action is not for a local scope .
This is of course confusing and unclear for a user as the user is n't aware of the length of command queues or even local / global scopes .
In the specific situation of the screenshot above , there are a couple of obvious things which one might want to try to solve this paradox , like disabling the global undo / redo mechanism when an error occurs , however that does n't solve the situation where I do n't create an error but simply append a couple of characters to the name and then press cntrl - Z .
One could think of introducing a scope used only for the textbox , but it then gets tricky to get rid of that scope once the value is indeed valid as that action has to be in the global scope to be able to be undone on a global scale ( so I do n't have to go back to the textbox to undo the name change ) .
Another solution might be to store the invalid value in the model and simply use the mechanism available so pressing cntrl - Z will undo the change which caused the error .
The downside is that if the user presses cntrl - S after the change , the erroneous value is saved which could cause a problem , for example if the file format is in an XML format and elements are referenced by name , so what happens if I specify a name which is already in use , which is an error trapped by the validator , however I still save the project ?
I can't find a simple solution for this ' paradox ' , and I fear there is n't one either , but perhaps some solution pops up soon .
LLBLGen Pro v3.0 is slated for release later this summer / autumn , with support for LLBLGen Pro Runtime Framework , Entity Framework , NHibernate and Linq to Sql , and Algorithmia is shipped with LLBLGen Pro v3 , very likely in sourcecode form and a flexible license so you can use it in your own applications as well .
As we all know that Firefox is the fastest growing popular web browser and its growing more and more every day .
There are too many handy options provided by the firefox and this is the main reason for its popularity .
You can easily find lots of free downloadable extensions and add - ons that are available on the internet for firefox , we also featured few of them before and there demands are increasing .
In this post , I am listing down The 7 Time Saving Firefox Add- Ons To Make Your Lives Easier .
You are welcome to share more firefox add - ons that you think will be useful and feel a better browsing experience that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
You may be interested in our other related post
21 Amazing Firefox Ad - Ons That You Must - Have In 2009
11 Free Firefox 3 Themes You Probably Never Use Before
17 Amazing Firefox Add- Ons For Social And Communication Purpose
13 Amazing Firefox Add-Ons To Make Designers Lives Easier
9 Amazing Firefox Add- Ons That Will Save Your Time !
Foxmarks Bookmark Synchronizer
Foxmarks is the essential bookmarking add - on .
Just Install Foxmarks on each computer you use , and it works silently in the background to keep your bookmarks and ( optionally ) passwords backed up and synchronized .
If you ’re away from your computer , Foxmarks allows you to access your bookmarks online by logging into my.foxmarks.com .
Foxmarks ’ Suggested
Tag feature helps you stay organized by recommending relevant tags as you add bookmarks in Firefox 3 .
Shareaholic
If you use any site like Facebook , Twitter , MySpace , Digg , Google Gmail , StumbleUpon , etc you ’ll likely enjoy having Shareaholic by your side .
This add - on enables you to quickly , and very easily share , bookmark , and e-mail web pages via a wide array of your favorite web 2.0 social networking , bookmarking , blogging , and email services .
Fotofox
You can drag , drop and arrange pictures adding photo titles , and create albums by multi-selecting photos , and then upload to one of a selection of online photo services – all of this without interrupting your Internet browsing with Fotofox .
Morning Coffee
This extension lets you organize websites by day and open them up simultaneously as part of your daily routine .
This is really handy if you read sites that update on a regular schedule ( like SmashingApps , CNN , Digg , webcomics , weekly columns , etc. ) .
ReminderFoxÂ
ReminderFox displays and manages lists of date - based reminders and To Do’s .
ReminderFox does not seek to be a full - fledged calendar .
In fact , the target audience is anybody that simply wants to remember important dates ( birthdays , anniversaries , bills , etc ) without having to run a whole calendar application .
ReminderFox makes sure you remember all of your important dates via easy - to - use lists , alerts , and alarm notifications .
Sxipper
Sxipper makes interacting with the Web simpler by keeping track of an unlimited number of usernames , passwords and personal information such as name , address , phone numbers , etc .
Presented as you need it , Sxipper securely stores this personal data on your computer .
Tab Sidebar
The tab sidebar extension , if you havenâ€™t heard of it already , provides a sidebar in the browser that can act as a replacement to the main tab bar , complete with always visible preview thumbnails and in tab navigation buttons .
Just got to View – Tab Sidebar to see it .
It has been brought to our attention that hundreds of gay , lesbian , and trans books simultaneously lost their sales rankings yesterday .
Bringing into question whether there is a campaign to suppress LGBT themed books ?
This prompted many Amazon users , authors , and purchasers of LGBT literature to contact the company .
It seems many books simply about being transgender , or a college guide for LGBT students is being deemed " erotic " ?
Amazon has taken the rankings off of many books in " erotica " categories .
The question is why are they deeming so many non-erotica LGBT based books as offensive ?
While they still have ratings available on such books as Playboy centerfolds which clearly is in a different category than many of the books that are being targeted .
Use their express customer service form to voice your complaint or call 1-800-201-7575 .
AT&T said Friday morning that service had been completely restored to all affected areas , after suspected saboteurs clipped several high - speed fiber - optic cables sometime Wednesday or early Thursday morning .
AT&T said Friday morning that service had been completely restored to all affected areas , after suspected saboteurs clipped several high - speed fiber - optic cables sometime Wednesday or early Thursday morning .
AT&T continued to send out updates via Twitter , stating Friday morning that " Repairs to vandalized San Jose cables were completed overnight .
Services are operating normally this morning . "
A partial restoration of services was completed on Thursday night , including 911 emergency services , AT&T said .
AT&T also said that it would offer $ 100,000 for the arrest and conviction of those responsible for what the company referred to as " vandalism " .
Those with information can call 408- 947 - STOP , AT&T said .
The outage affected thousands of users in the San Jose and Santa Clara areas of Silicon Valley , cutting off both landlines and cellular service , including services like Verizon , which used the fiber - optic cables as a backhaul .
City officials were advising residents with medical emergencies to drive themselves to the hospital , as the 911 emergency services were also taken down by the cuts .
Four cables were cut on Monterey Highway north of Blossom Hill Road in south San Jose , police Sgt. Ronnie Lopez told SFGate.com , and two more were severed in San Carlos .
China gradually opened Tibet to tourists , only to close it during each stirring of civil unrest .
“ A large element of Tibet ’s historical allure grew precisely out of its isolation , that it was untouched by the modern world and did not welcome incursions , ” Orville Schell , author of “ Virtual Tibet , ” a book about the enduring Western fascination with Tibet , wrote in an e-mail message .
“ So , there is a certain irony in the fact that China , which had been successful in removing a good deal of the allure of the Tibet mystique to Westerners by making it so accessible , now once again feels obliged to ‘ close ’ it . ”
The history of Western attempts to penetrate into Tibet in the 19th and early 20th centuries is recounted in “ Trespassers on the Roof of the World , ” by Peter Hopkirk .
The travelers often braved blizzards , mountain passes and marauding bandits , only to be stopped short of Lhasa by armies of Tibetans led by high - ranking monks .
Sometimes they were taken prisoner and tortured .
( I did n’t have it quite as bad on that mountain road .
Not only did the paramilitary officers not draw weapons on us , they offered us hot milk as we sat in our car . )
In 1879 , Col. Nikolai Prejevalsky of the Imperial Russian Army set out with an escort of armed Cossacks for the Tibetan capital , only to be halted within 150 miles of Lhasa by Tibetan officials .
He turned back .
Eighteen years later , a British adventurer named A. Henry Savage Landor was captured on his way to Lhasa , brought to a provincial governor and tortured , including being stretched on a rack for 24 hours .
After his release , he returned to England and wrote a best - selling book about his captivity .
Those who did make it into Lhasa usually did so in disguise .
A handful of Indian spies in the employ of the British Empire posed as holy men .
A Japanese Buddhist named Ekai Kawaguchi pretended to be a Chinese physician .
And a Frenchwoman fluent in Tibetan language and culture , Alexandra David - Néel , became the first Western woman to set foot in Lhasa when she entered dressed as a pilgrim in 1923 .
Image Credit ...
The New York Times
By then , though , news of Tibet had been seeping out into the world .
That began with the British military expedition of 1904 , led by Sir Francis Younghusband .
With Maxim guns and Enfield rifles , the soldiers killed thousands of Tibetans on their march from India .
The Tibetans were forced to sign a treaty with the British , one of the terms being that the British could post trade agents within Tibet .
The British then did all they could to keep other foreigners out .
Michel Ancel of Ubisoft reveals the philosophy behind Beyond Good and Evil 2 , in addition to when the game might release .
In a video interview with French website All - Gamers , series creator Michel Ancel spoke about Beyond Good and Evil 2 , which is said to be bigger and better than the first .
The game will feature lots of returning characters , since the team want to retain the spirit of the first game .
Despite this , the general presentation will be to a much higher standard .
This is because the first game was meant to be more cinematic and they pitched the game as such , but when they got hold of the PlayStation 2 ’s Emotion Engine they found it could n’t live up to their expectations .
Therefore , they had to limit their vision .
With the current generation the team can create the game they originally wanted to , so in reality , it might look like a different game , but Beyond Good and Evil 2 is the game they always wanted to make .
For these reasons it ’s unlikely that Beyond Good and Evil 2 will make it ’s way to the Wii , but Michel Ancel would n’t rule out some kind of port .
He also would n’t be drawn on which platforms the game will be released on , but it ’s presumed to be PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PC .
Beyond Good and Evil 2 will feature gameplay dissimilar to the first game , since they did n’t just want to make the same game with a different story , as that game has already been released .
Michel Ancel says that they want to make what they could n’t last generation , so it ’ll be bigger , more immersive and include more investigations .
It ’s very important that the player feels like they ’re in another universe and to make the universe ’s limits invisible .
All this means that they have to create new tools and processes to develop the game , which means it ’s still in pre-production .
The team is n’t targeting a specific release date , as they are focusing more on being satisfied with the tools , and not even Ubisoft is pressuring them .
Beyond Good and Evil 2 will take a lot of planning , thinking , engineering and testing , so it ’s going to take some time .
Michel Ancel compares their development process to creating a new interface , where you might have a promising prototype , but if it does n’t work then you ’ll have to create something else .
You ca n’t just say it ’ll be out soon , because you ’re not sure if you ’re on the right track .
All in all the team do n’t know when they ’ll be fully done with the technical side , and until then they can’t really start production , let alone finish the game .
You can watch the interview in the original French by visiting All - Gamers and thanks go to Ramenman of NeoGaf for the translation .
A number of state legislatures are actively vying to join Alaska , California , Colorado , Hawaii , Maine , Michigan , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , Rhode Island , Vermont , and Washington to become the fourteenth state to legalize the physician - supervised use of medicinal marijuana .
Here ’s how you can help make these efforts a reality .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
February 27 , 2009
No one should begrudge anyone the lifestyle they choose , but all too often , personal revolt becomes a substitute for social and collective struggle for a better world .
MY EXPERIENCE as a teenager , and I suspect that of many other socialists , was that as I became aware of the world 's myriad injustices and began to grope toward answers , I found my way to anarchism first .
Anarchism -- hatred of all authority -- flowed naturally from my reaction to the way I saw the world around me : racism and inequality , harassment by authority figures , the war in Vietnam and so on .
My friends and I made a special trip to the anarchist bookstore in town , and I still have the pamphlets I purchased there .
A passage in the Italian anarchist Errico Malatesta 's pamphlet , Anarchy , particularly captured my attention in the way that it explained how capitalism reinforces its rule :
[ T ]he workman , forced for centuries to depend upon the goodwill of his employer for work , that is , for bread , and accustomed to see his own life at the disposal of those who possess the land and capital , has ended in believing that it is his master who gives him food , and asks ingenuously how it would be possible to live , if there were no master over him ?
In the same way , a man whose limbs had been bound from birth , but who had nevertheless found out how to hobble about , might attribute to the very bands that bound him his ability to move , while , on the contrary , they would diminish and paralyze the muscular energy of his limbs .
Columnist : Paul D’Amato Paul D'Amato is managing editor of the International Socialist Review and author of The Meaning of Marxism , a lively and accessible introduction to the ideas of Karl Marx and the tradition he founded .
Paul can be contacted at [ email protected ] .
A few things made me drift away from anarchism : my own experience , and meeting socialists who did not identify socialism with state tyranny , as the Stalinists had done .
One of the socialist parties in Britain at the time that I was there was involved in organizing unemployment marches to demand jobs .
My two other anarchist friends dismissed this effort as a waste of time ; they dismissed the idea of fighting for " the right to work " on the grounds that to do so was to fight for the right to be exploited .
Their alternative to this was finding ways to drop out of the system by squatting -- occupying run-down abandoned apartments and not paying rent .
I failed to see how squatting could pose any real challenge to the system .
And it seemed to me that if people were starving and unemployed , they certainly had the right to demand something better .
I was quickly convinced that lifestyle choices were n't going to accomplish much by way of challenging the system , and was convinced in discussions with another socialist student that we could n't ever get rid of capitalism without first organizing and participating in mass protests to fight for immediate demands .
I later learned that by no means did all anarchists abstain from struggle for purist reasons , but " lifestyle " anarchism is a strong strain in the movement , even among activists .
ANARCHISM MAKES the error of believing that the means to achieving a classless , stateless society must prefigure the end result .
Thus , if we want to achieve a society based on free association , without coercion and without bureaucratic centralism , we must build forms of organization today that prefigure the future society .
Hence , the emphasis among some anarchists on vegetarianism , collectives , " affinity groups " and consensus .
This lifestyle approach tends to focus on how we live our lives rather than on the best means of winning a struggle .
No one , of course , should begrudge anyone the lifestyle they choose , but all too often in these instances personal revolt becomes a substitute for social and collective struggle for a better world .
One does not expect the plow to prefigure the wheat ; nor should we expect our methods of organizing to fight for a better world to prefigure or look exactly like the world we plan to achieve .
The confusion comes in believing that a new society is established by the example we set by how we live today , whereas in reality a new society must be built by millions of people engaged in struggle before such a new world can be erected .
My experience with consensus was a negative one and further confirmed my decision to reject anarchism .
An idea accepted by some anarchists is that democratic decision - making ( majority rule ) should be replaced by consensus decision - making , on the grounds that democracy constitutes the tyranny of the majority over the minority .
In my first year in college , I was involved in an effort led by the Clamshell Alliance to shut down the Seabrook Nuclear Power Plant in Massachusetts .
Consensus at planning meetings was presented as a way to make every voice heard , and to prevent any imposition of decisions on a minority against its will .
In practice , it did not work well .
First , using consensus in meetings of 50 or more people meant interminably long meetings .
One or a small handful of people could simply block a decision from being made , so that the " tyranny of the majority " was replaced with the ability of a minority , simply by disagreeing , to block decisions , and therefore action .
I attended meetings where the acrimony became so thick that people were ready to throw people out of windows .
As a result , meetings dragged on to the point where the majority or the minority were compelled , if the organization was to move forward , to cave in ( in other words , change position even if it disagreed ) .
The results were often a compromise that pleased no one .
The length of the meetings meant that a lot of decisions were made by the smaller minority that had the time and inclination to stick around to the end .
It took only a few meetings for the alliance to decide to jettison consensus for 75 percent majority -- still impracticable in the heat of an occupation attempt that the police were violently attempting to thwart , but nevertheless a step forward .
AND THAT was , in many instances , my experience with practical attempts to implement anarchist ideals : as soon as they began to touch real - life situations , the principles would begin to be abandoned , one by one , grudgingly or otherwise .
A startling example of that were the Friends of Durruti , who emerged during the Spanish Civil War .
They were a group of revolutionary anarchists who had become critical of the main anarchist trade union group , the CNT , for refusing to take state power even though they had control in the streets of some of Spain 's biggest cities after a workers ' uprising in 1936 had successfully thwarted a fascist coup , leaving the bourgeois government still clinging to power .
In Catalonia , for example , the anarchists refused an opportunity to seize power on the grounds that , in the words of one Spanish anarchist , " we did not believe in dictatorship when it was being exercised against us , and we did not want it when we could exercise it ourselves only at the expense of others . "
The problem was that in practice this meant handing power back to the capitalist politicians that had previously held it .
Leon Trotsky was right when he wrote against the anarchists , " To renounce the conquest of power is voluntarily to leave the power with those who wield it . "
Left without any idea of how to proceed , many of the CNT 's leaders ended by entering the very capitalist state they had fought against all their lives , collaborating with the Stalinists who were busy crushing the most militant anarchist workers , on the grounds of the need for a common front against fascism .
" To beat Franco we need to crush the bourgeoisie and its Stalinist and Socialist Allies , " the Friends wrote .
" The capitalist state must be destroyed totally and there must be installed workers ' power depending on rank - and - file workers ' committees .
Apolitical anarchism has failed . "
These were lessons learned in the heat of battle .
In practice , the Friends , in order to preserve what had drawn them to anarchism -- a desire for a revolutionary transformation of society by the working class -- were forced to jettison its most sacred principle against state power , no matter which class wielded it .
By comparing the craniodental morphology of modern bear species to that of two extinct species , researchers from the University of Málaga have discovered that the expired plantigrades were not so different from their current counterparts .
The cave bear , regarded as the great herbivore of the carnivores , was actually more omnivorous than first thought .
The short - faced bear , a hypercarnivore , also ate plants depending on their availability .
The work offers key insights into the evolution of the carnivore niches during the Ice Age .
The team of palaeontologists have reconstructed the trophic ecology , or eating habits , of two extinct bear species that lived during the Pleistocene ( between 2.59 million and 12,000 years ago ) : the short - faced bear ( Arctodus simus ) of North America and the cave bear ( Ursus spelaeus ) of Europe .
The morphometric analysis carried out on the eight bear species in existence today has confirmed that prehistoric bears were not fussy eaters .
' Knowing what the extinct bears ate is of utmost relevance to finding out about the evolution of carnivore niches in the Pleistocene when climatic conditions were changing ' , explains Borja Figueirido , lead author of the study and researcher for the Ecology and Geology Department of the Faculty of Sciences at the University of Málaga .
Scientists have discovered that , even at that time , bears were ' great opportunists ' thanks to their morphological and ecological flexibility .
The study , published recently in the Journal of Zoology , focuses on two species of prehistoric bear because scientists believed that they had disparate feeding preferences .
It was presumed that the short - faced bear was a carnivore and the cave bear an herbivore ; ' probably the most herbivorous species of the Ursus genus ' , asserts Figueirido .
' The study has revealed that the craniodental morphologies of these two bears are more suited to the omnivorous diet than the specialised diet previously put forward ' , the researcher points out .
Fossilised skulls , great biomarkers
The researchers studied the osteological material of the current species ( skull and jaw ) and the same anatomical elements of the fossilised remains of the extinct bears , conserved in various international museums .
Through a statistical analysis , the experts determined the patterns of morphological variation in bears in order to prove that , rather than ancestral / descendent relations , ' the pattern had more relation to trophic ecology than to phylogenetic heritage ' , highlights Figueirido .
Given the glaciations of the Pleistocene ( in the Quaternary period ) , prehistoric bears , with morphologies similar to those of present - day omnivores , ate a bit of everything depending on the resources available to them , determined by the climatic conditions .
For the palaeontologist , ' during that period there was , in principle , a wide variety of prey and vegetation available , but there was also competition amongst the predators of the time ' .
Today there are cases of bears with specialised eating habits .
From a morphological and ecological perspective , the polar bear ( Ursus maritimus ) , exclusively carnivorous , and the panda bear ( Ailuropoda melanoleuca ) , strictly herbivorous , have the greatest challenge to change their eating habits in the face of climatic change .
' Although not as specialised as that of a lion , if the few resources that the giant panda and the polar bear depend on were to disappear , their situation would be complicated ' , confirms Figueirido .
' The study has revealed that the craniodental morphologies of these two bears are more suited to the omnivorous diet than the specialised diet previously put forward ' , the researcher points out .
1. Iberian lynx
The Iberian ( Spanish ) lynx lives in very small areas of central and southern Spain ( Andalucia ) .
It used to live throughout Spain and Portugal but its numbers have been drastically reduced to the point where it is now one of the most endangered wild cats in the world .
In the early 1950s the myxomatosis virus was illegally introduced by a French scientist to kill the wild rabbits on his estate which were destroying his vegetable patch .
The virus spread rapidly , and killed about 90 % of the wild rabbits in France .
Spanish rabbits also died in huge numbers even going completely missing in some areas , so thousands of lynx starved to death .
Habitat loss , hunting and trapping also have decimated the lynx .
They are protected now , but they still get caught in fox traps .
Another cause of death recently is getting hit by cars in Donana National Park .
Population size : approximately 100 - 150
Reproduction : Females breed about once a year , with a litter size of 1 - 3 cubs .
In breeding captivity programs , a litter of 3 cubs was born in 2005 , and another 3 cubs in March 2009 .
What can I do ?
Donate to SOS Lynx , a lynx conservation organisation .
2. Saiga antelope
Adults can run up to 50 mph in bursts , and herds have been known to range hundreds of miles in several days .
As recently as 1950 there could have been about 2 million saiga , however , the population since then has been reduced by about 97 % .
The source of the devastation is a very strong demand for the horns of the males for traditional chinese medicine .
Poachers are killing the antelopes in a large numbers steadily .
Some believe the horns can be used to treat fevers and they are sold for about $ 100 per pound .
Traditional medicine often has no basis in science ; and is rooted in superstition or anecdotal evidence .
It is especially tragic that so many of the antelope are being slaughtered over a misconception .
The National Wildlife federation provided an account of the rate of slaughter in one 2004 incident , " some 80,000 saiga crossed from Kalmykia into the neighboring Russian republic of Dagestan to the south .
Weeks later , only a few animals returned . "
Population size : approximately 42,000 but the rate of slaughter is very high , and constant due to poaching .
Even in a protected area , the population has been cut 95 % since 1997 .
The saiga is one of the most rapidly declining mammals in the world .
Reproduction : Females breed about once a year , with a litter size of 1 - 2 calves .
What can I do ?
Donate to the Saiga Conservation Alliance .
Even donating $ 5 helps , which is about the cost of one latte .
Alert relatives or friends in China that Saiga horn very likely is not a cure for fevers ; any ' benefit ' observed is most likely just the placebo effect .
Traditional medicines can actually cause harm , such as the Mexican folk medicine Greta , which can be 90 % lead and lead can cause brain damage .
Forward this article to anyone you know who is a teacher so it can be used as part of a class lesson .
3. Sumatran tiger
The Sumatran tiger is being decreased substantially by poaching and logging of its traditional forest range .
Some of the logging is illegal .
Recent research has indicated that the clash between tigers and humans in Sumatra that has killed both species is due to the aggressive destruction of forests by Asia Pulp and Paper .
About 100 tigers live in a nature preserve on the island , but poachers are killing them even in protected areas .
The Bali , Java , and Trinil tigers which are related to the Sumatran , have all been driven into extinction .
Population : Approximately 400
Reproduction : Females usually give birth once a year to several cubs .
Cubs are born blind .
What can I do ?
Do n't buy paper products made by Asia Pulp and Paper .
If you do n't know if they are , buy only paper products made in your home country , and products made from recycled paper in your home country .
Adopt a wild Sumatran via the Sumatran Tiger Trust .
( If an individual can not
afford the adoption , it could be more affordable for a class of 20 students each paying 1.50 , or a family each paying about 7 dollars . )
4. Silky sifafka
This species of lemur only lives on the island of Madagascar in the northeastern rainforests .
Its population is very small and it is hunted by some local people for meat .
It is one of the most endangered primates in the world .
The silky sifafka has never been bred in captivity , meaning if it is killed entirely in the wild , it most likely can't be kept alive in a captive breeding program or zoo .
Unfortunately , the species has a low birth rate .
Compounding matters , political turmoil has disrupted normal operations at one of the sites where they live .
The Marojejy park has closed to tourism because of unsafe conditions created by armed thugs stealing very valuable hardwoods .
Population : approximately 100 - 1000
Reproduction : generally females birth one infant every two years , but there are cases of a female birthing one infant per year .
What can I do ?
Contact Erik Patel of Cornell University and ask him what you can do .
Show this silky lemur documentary to students when it is available .
Visit the lemur park when it is safe to do so , and do n't forget about Madagascar during the political upheaval , as the Marojejy park website says , " While you might not be able to visit some of these beautiful areas right now , we hope you will not forget them , and that you will continue to work for their preservation . "
5. Vaquita
Vaquita live in Mexico's Gulf of California and are the smallest and most
endangered cetacean in the world .
About 40 to 80 are killed in gill nets each year .
The World Wildlife Fund in both Mexico and the US are collaborating on implementing measures to protect them such as the creation of a marine preserve and banning the use of damaging fishing equipment in their habitat .
Without such actions , the animal may not survive much longer .
It is the only porpoise adapted to live in such warm water .
Population : approximately 600 or less
Reproduction :
Not much is known on this topic .
They could have a gestation period of 11 months , and give birth to one calf every two years .
What can I do ?
Donate to the World Wildlife Fund specifically for the vaquita .
Watch this Vaqita video .
Take your camera if you visit the Gulf of California and photograph the porpoise if you can .
There are n't many photos of them alive .
Take a legitimate ecotour and view the vaquita in its natural habitat without disturbing it .
If local fisherman begin to understand the endangered porpoise has tourist appeal maybe they will be more open to changing .
6. Javan Rhino
The large mammal is elusive and is the least studied of the rhinos .
They can live 30 - 40 years and are solitary except for mating and parenting .
Two very small populations live in Java in the Ujung Kulon National Park , and in Vietnam 's Cat Tien Park .
Javans used to have the largest population of the rhinos , living in Indonesia , China , Southeast Asia and India .
But the it has been driven right to the brink of extinction mainly due to poaching .
The horn is in great demand for traditional chinese medicine , and one kilogram can bring $ 30,000 .
Apparently it is believed the horn when ground up can be used to ' cure ' a wide range of things , some of which are not medical conditions : " To expel fear and anxiety , to calm the liver and clear the vision . "
At the point of sale , when it has already been powdered it is very difficult to confirm if the actual products contain any true rhino horn because some sellers are substituting the bones of other animals to exploit gullible buyers .
( Besides the fact that it has never been validated scientifically ) .
Population : Less than 60
Reproduction : Females give birth probably every 1 - 3 years .
Gestation lasts 15 - 16 months .
What Can I Do ?
Never purchase any products that are advertised as made from Javan Rhino horn , or any rhino .
Tell friends and relatives about the perils of those kinds of products made from animals parts .
Keep in mind they actually might made be made from dog bones or other more common animals .
( Regardless of what the seller says ) .
Donate to the International Rhino Foundation .
7. Cross River Gorilla
This primate is one of the most endangered in the world .
It lives in a region between Nigeria and Cameroon in moist broadleaf forests .
About one hundred and fifteen live in two parks created just for their protection : Takamanda National Park and Cross River National Park .
These gorillas are quite wary of humans , and there have been very few direct sightings of them .
The main threats to them are habitat loss and death due to the bushmeat trade .
They can also contract human diseases .
Population : 250 - 300
Reproduction : Unknown
What can I do ?
Donate to the African Conservation Foundation .
If it is safe for you to travel there , visit the area where the gorillas are like a British Columbian couple did .
8. South China Tiger
The big cat is considered to be the species other modern tigers evolved from .
It is currently thought to be extinct in the wild , and only live in nature preserves managed by humans , and a captive breeding program .
The population is so tiny some assume the species will be completely extinct in about a decade .
As recently as 1959 there may have been about 4,000 of them living in the wild .
Mao Zedong declared them a ' pest ' and ' enemies of the people ' so campaigns to eliminate them were enacted .
By 1982 only about 200 were left .
The Chinese government recently has been working to save them .
An innovative captive breeding program was started in South Africa , by a non-profit organization .
Li Quan started Save China 's Tigers and has had some success in birthing cubs in captivity .
The hope is the cubs can be taught to hunt in the South African preserves and they can be returned to live in nature preserves in China .
Population : Approximately 60 in captivity .
No confirmed wild sightings in 20 years .
Reproduction : Females can mate any time of year .
They usually have one litter per year of 1 - 3 cubs .
What can I do ?
Donate to Save China 's Tigers .
Never buy any products that advertise as containing tiger parts .
9. Amur Leopard
This wild cat lives in the Far East of Russia and faces an extremely high risk of extinction .
It is mainly threatened by habitat loss due to deforestation and development .
Poaching also kills them .
A coalition of 13 conservation organizations has banded together to implement public education campaigns , anti-poaching measures , and a raft of other actions to prevent the leopards from being lost forever .
They live about 10 - 15 years in the wild .
Population : Approximately 135 or less in the wild .
Reproduction : Females birth about 1 litter per year of 1 - 6 cubs .
Gestation is about 100 days .
Cubs live with the mother for 18 - 24 months .
What can I do ?
Donate to ALTA Amur Leopard Conservation or contact them about possible eco tours if you can travel there .
10 . Frogs , and other amphibians
Frogs are not one animal , but so many of them are under threat they fit the definition of endangered for this list .
In 2009 a study reported that 200 million to one billion frogs are killed every year for frogs legs consumption .
Australian researcher Corey Bradshaw , who is one the study 's authors said : " About half of all listed amphibians are threatened with extinction " .
Amphibian
Ark states 50 % of amphibians could go extinct .
" 50 % : of ~6,000 described amphibian species , are threatened with extinction .
32 % known to be threatened + 23 % data deficient but believed threatened " .
The percentage quoted here from Conservational International is 40 % .
The chytrid fungus is the main killer of frogs currently .
It is thought it was introduced by the importation of African Clawed Frogs who carried the fungus out of Africa .
The African frogs were used decades ago to determine if a woman was pregnant .
The african frogs carry the fungus but are immune to it .
Unfortunately they continue to be sold as pets .
Some are released into the wild and spread the fungus to native frogs .
They also eat almost anything that moves including native frogs .
( Never release an African Clawed Frog into any body of water or any other place . )
Recently it was reported on this site that scientists are working together to save frogs from the fungus .
Population : Numbers are not known .
Populations are dwindling rapidly .
Reproduction : Unknown due to the fungus .
What can I do ?
Consider getting a different type of pet than an African Clawed Frog .
If you already have one , never release it into the wild .
If you know someone who has one or more , tell them not to release them ever .
If you are able , consider reducing your consumption of frogs legs , or not eating them ever .
The frogs of the world could use a break .
Donate to the Amphibian Conservation Alliance .
Watch this documentary about frogs under siege and efforts being made by scientists to protect and restore them .
See how to swab a frog for the deadly fungus .
This list of animals is only an introduction to a very large number around the world under threat of extinction .
For a more comprehensive examination visit the Edge of Existence .
• This article was shared by our content partner Ecoworldly , part of the Guardian Environment Network
A megamouth shark , one of the world 's most elusive species , was caught , carved up and eaten by fishermen from a town in the Philippines , the environmental conservation group WWF said Tuesday .
So rare are megamouth shark sightings that each find is given a number -- this one , caught by fishermen from the coastal town of Donsol , was only the 41st ever seen or captured in the world .
But Elson Aca , a Donsol WWF representative , said it was butchered and its meat sauteed in coconut milk as a local delicacy , against the organization 's advice .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
The 13 - foot , 1,100 - pound megamouth was snared by fishermen trawling for mackerel off the Bicol peninsula on Luzon island .
Article continues
Three years ago , everyday gandhis saw the need to extend their efforts to ex-combatants , particularly ex-child soldiers .
We have developed a peacebuilding team that includes ex-child soldiers and ex-generals who are committed to their own transformation from fighters to guardians of the earth and of the peace .
Attached is an excerpt from one of the reports of their current work .
I am including it so that you will understand the danger and anguish of the situation from those who are suffering it .
Several of our team members in Liberia , including an ex-general , the former General Leopard , ( in charge of our youth programs who has brought several of the young people whom he once , to his great regret and shame , coerced into fighting , as well as other former child - soldiers to live in the everyday gandhis house as the core of our peacebuilding team , ) have informed us in the last weeks that ex-combatants are being recruited , probably by Blackwater gone underground , to fight in Iraq through offerings of US $ 10,000 a month .
[ An offer – not the first - was made to the former general in the last few days . ]
Several on our staff , including one of the women who was a coerced commander during the war , were approached to fight in Iraq .
This young woman declared she would rather die than return to a life of violence .
In a country where one can survive on a few hundred dollars a month , this is more than a king ’s ransom .
Other sources confirm it is Blackwater , but the greater problem is that the people assume it is the United States government .
Because Liberia was established by ex-slaves from the US , such recruitment carries greater weight than it might anywhere else .
The implications of a private Blackwater army fighting in Iraq , maybe in Afghanistan , and also for hire in Africa and other countries are more than alarming .
The threat to the US war effort from such ‘ soldiers ’ not under the direct control of US military discipline is clear .
The US is itself challenged by the necessity of meeting the numbers of returning veterans suffering from serious and costly physical wounds as well as unprecedented numbers of veterans suffering head injuries and suffering PTSD .
These future veterans , many of whom will also be wounded and possibly dangerous and dysfunctional due to PTSD , will have to return somewhere .
The danger to the world from a cadre of untreated and untreatable war wounded arising from those recruited to fight in such wars under the control of unsupervised organizations like Blackwater then returning to economically stressed countries who cannot assume responsibility for them , is unimaginably dire
This is not secret knowledge in Liberia though it is not fully known in the US or may be obscured in its activities and implications .
An article in the American Conservative March 8th .
2009 speaks of it : Blackwater ( Xe ) Scours War Torn Africa For New Hires - http://www.amconmag.com/...
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf is doing what she can to stop the recruitment which is public , scandalous , and promulgated on the radio .
Blackwater has been banned from Liberia – as announced in January 2009 .
We understand that it went underground and shifted to Sierra Leone but recruitment continues .
Wherever it takes place , it is criminal activity that is dangerous to world peace .
***
We met the former General Leopard in 2006 when he was a desperate man on his way to Guinea to fight as a mercenary -- a desperate man , in a desperately poor country , without work or the means to support his family ; there are thousands like him still .
He overheard one of our conversations as we were all stuck in the mud on the road to Voinjama in the north and asked to tell us his story .
He turned away from lucrative incentives in order to work for everyday gandhis .
The small salary we offered eventually could not begin to be comparable .
One of his first acts for peace in 2006 was to follow up on the rumors of recruiters looking for soldiers to foment disturbances in other areas , including Sierra Leone and Guinea .
As soon as he joined everyday gandhis , he revealed the activities to the UN peacekeeping forces and then he went into the forest to speak to the young people to dissuade them from becoming mercenaries ; he and our small team , including other former generals and commanders are doing the same now .
Recruiting for on - going wars in West Africa , though tragic , is not unusual .
Recruitment by the US to fight in Iraq or Afghanistan is .
Background to the Truth and Reconciliation Process in Liberia .
The Republic of Liberia underwent 14 years of a violent civil war that ended with the signing of the Accra Comprehensive Peace Agreement ( ACPA ) in 2003 .
This agreement was signed between the Government of Liberia ( GoL ) and the two other belligerent forces , Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy ( LURD ) , Movement for Democracy in Liberia ( MODEL ) and Political Parties .
The deployment of the joint ECOWAS and UN Peacekeeping Mission , UNMIL , has sustained the resultant peace and security in Liberia to - date .
In recognition of the perverse violence that characterised the Liberian civil war , the ACPA made significant focus on issues of human rights and promoting a culture against impunity .
The Truth and Reconciliation Commission ( TRC ) of Liberia was established as an outcome of the Accra Comprehensive Peace Agreement ( ACPA ) to address transitional justice issues emerging out of the conflict .
It is part of a package of measures recommended by the ACPA in Part VI , Section Article XIII , to promote respect for human rights , good governance , the rule of law sustainable peace , unity and national reconciliation .
From
EGP Youth workshop Report Voinjama , Lofa County By : William Jacobs
The youth mentoring program of Everyday Gandhis in Voinjama , northeastern Liberia , is making enormous positive impact on the lives of many enthusiastic youth in the post war community .
We have so far reached out to four schools where we engaged over 150 youth including girls affected by over 14 years of gruesome civil crisis to join the discussions .
Personal life story telling has been pivotal to these lectures as the idea is to help young people reconfirm their dignity , identity and national pride .
Two topics , “ Healthy Relationships ” and “ International Human Rights ” are the main areas of discussions .
These are essential subject matters at this time when Liberia is just recovering from a war that has caused many young people to become withdrawn and without trust for anyone else except their peers found mostly at street corners and the “ ghettos ” of the country .
For these young people , trust and relationships that are free of drugs and violence are crucial in the current process of peace , reconciliation and re-integration in Liberia .
At the end of the forum , the participants were invited to converge at EGP Guest House for the climax of the program .
The gathering was a fantastic evening of interactions , storytelling , riddles and singing .
The Movie , “ Akeela and the Bee ” was shown to encourage the participants to focus more on their education .
There were tears shed , particularly when the facilitator bursts out crying after listening to the sad stories told by some of the youth who confessed to their involvement in the Liberian war
Through no fault of their own , many children actively participated in Liberia ’s prolonged civil war that caused the deaths of tens of thousands .
The horrendous effects of that war are still visible and fresh in the minds of most of those that were forcibly conscripted , drugged and turned into killing machines .
As they recollect , their daily lives were marked with disconnect from their families and the communities as well as with impertinent abuse of human rights .
As one participant states : “ We need this type of forum because many of us are still traumatized ” .
The scars of the war for some remain .
Experiencing trauma , being traumatized , is extremely unhealthy ; one cannot think properly in order to be positive and productive .
In their stories , we get to hear the reality of life and the day to day struggle to survive .
In this report , we have deliberately selected stories told by some of our workshop participants who are now living exemplary lives in their communities .
Through these stories it is hoped that healing at the community , national and international levels can be possible .
It is also hoped that with these stories of peace and reconciliation can be final in our quest for a better and safer world .
Forced recruitment
In 2002 , former Liberian rebel leader turned President Charles Taylor ’s government forces attacked Kolahun , a provincial town in Lofa County ; Northeastern Liberia .
Benka Moima ( not his real name ) was just an innocent child when the army entered the town to try to repel the dreaded rebel faction , Liberian United for Reconciliation and Democracy ( LURD ) .
As he told his story to participants of the fourth of our workshops held under the theme : “ International Human Rights , ” the soldiers forced their way into the house where he lived .
Benka hid himself behind the door .
While there , he saw two of his friends killed by the soldiers .
They then arrested him and took him outside for execution .
But one of the soldiers happened to be an old friend of Benka .
He recognized him and tried to save his life .
The boy gave Benka one of the yellow T - shirts that they were wearing with inscription “ The Navy Jungle Lion ” .
But that did not help as another boy thought he was an outsider and suspected him to be an enemy among them .
He insisted that they kill Benka .
An argument ensued and went on for a long while .
In the end , Benka was forced to join the government forces to fight against the LURD rebels .
For months Benka was used to carry arms and ammunitions to the frontline supplying the fighters as they battled with the rebels .
“ I was forced to hold a gun ” , he now says .
In response to a question that arose from the discussion , “ Where in your life have you seen your rights taken away from you ? ”
Benka said that when the government troops attacked their area on Christmas Day in 2002 , his rights to protection as a child in war situations were taken away from him .
Today Benka lives quietly in Voinjama struggling to complete his junior high education even though he is clearly over aged .
***
[ It is important to note that some , but not all , of the youth associated with everyday gandhis sponsoring this workshop fought with LURD .
Peacebuilding depends on these ex-combatant and child soldier ‘ enemies ’ coming to healing and restoration together . ]
DM
This week has been kind of no fun , newswise .
Sure , there ’s lots of depressing news , enraging news , and outright disgusting news .
But where ’s the whimsy ?
The joie de vivre ?
The silly little giggle - inducers ?
Man , even Maureen Dowd ( always good for a larf ) took yesterday off .
So , seeing this last night was like an oasis in the midst of an unsnarkable desert : Michael Steele Open To Running For President .
Oh , please , please , pleasepleasepleasepleaseplease let this happen !
I do n’t ask for much , dear Republican party ( unlike fellow bleeding hearts , I wish you no harm or exile ) , but now I ’m pleading with you to nominate this clown to run against Obama !
This is n’t just a matter of politics ; it ’s a matter of good health .
Laughter …may help protect you against a heart attack , according to a recent study by cardiologists at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore .
See ?
And , true to the study , reading Steele ’s account of his recent dust - up with Rush Limbaugh made my heart happy :
“ I ’m very introspective about things .
I ’m a cause - and - effect kind of guy .
So if I do something , there ’s a reason for it …
It may look like a mistake , a gaffe .
There is a rationale , there is a logic behind it , ” he said .
“ I want to see what the landscape looks like .
I want to see who yells the loudest .
I want to know who says they ’re with me but really is n’t . ”
“ It helps me understand my position on the chess board .
It helps me understand , where , you know , the enemy camp is and where those who are inside the tent are , ” Steele added .
“ It ’s all strategic . ”
So , his willingness to pucker - up - and - plant - it - there on Rush ’s nether - regions ?
All part of his grand plan to grace us with his presence forever !
Huzzah !!!
Apple has refreshed its line of Mac desktop computers , adding stronger capabilities and nudging some prices lower as consumer spending feels the pinch of the recession .
Apple introduced on Tuesday new models of its iMac , Mac mini and Mac Pro desktops , following a refresh of its MacBook notebook PCs last year .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The new line includes a flagship 24 - inch iMac with twice the memory size and twice the storage of the previous generation 20 - inch iMac , priced at £ 1,199 .
It also includes a 20 - inch PC and two new 24 - inch iMacs .
Oppenheimer analyst Yair Reiner said the new desktop PCs did not break new ground on form or aesthetics , but the new iMacs offered much more bang for the buck .
" Nothing earth - shattering here but in a time when price and value are of increasing significance the refresh definitely puts Apple at the head of that comparison , " he said .
Calyon Securities analyst Shebly Seyrafi said the new desktops should be able to contribute meaningfully to Apple 's March quarter , but he wondered whether their price points are still too high .
" They increased the performance but did n't lower the price .
I question whether that is the right business move in today 's environment where I think customers want lower prices , " he said .
Sales of Apple 's desktops , like those of competitors such as Hewlett - Packard Co and Dell Inc , have been declining as consumers shift to notebooks .
Apple 's desktop shipments fell 25 percent in the December quarter as notebooks rose 34 percent .
Desktop revenue made up less a third of all Mac revenue in the quarter .
The picture for desktops is only expected to become grimmer .
Research group Gartner expects global desktop sales to fall 32 percent in 2009 , even as notebooks rise 2.7 percent .
Apple also introduced a new Mac Pro desktop PC aimed at business users .
The new Mac Pro starts at £ 1899 .
In addition , the company unveiled two new Mac Mini desktops , measuring 6.5 inches by 6.5 inches by 2 inches , with an entry - level price of £ 499 .
The Mac mini also now features an Nvidia graphics processor , and the chip maker said its GPUs are now available in all Mac computers , both desktops and notebooks .
Oppenheimer 's Reiner noted that Apple 's press release was something of a " non-event " compared to some of the company 's other product launches that have been among the most eagerly anticipated events in the technology world .
When Apple refreshed its line of Macbook notebooks in October , Chief Executive Steve Jobs -- currently on medical leave until June -- introduced the new PCs with his typical showmanship at Apple 's headquarters in Cupertino , California .
Calyon 's Seyrafi did not see Apple 's somewhat low - key announcement as significant , noting that desktops are simply not as important as notebooks these days .
Shares of Apple were up 1.7 percent to $ 89.41 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq .
Military bloggers mock Obama with misleading video Ron Brynaert
Published : Wednesday March 4 , 2009
Print This Email
This A few military blogs who lean to the right are mocking President Obama with a video that compares how Marines reacted to his recent visit with one by former President George W. Bush .
The video includes the observation by a CNN reporter that Obama received only " a tepid response " during his speech to Marines last Friday .
" Ouch , " Drew M. at Ace of Spades observes .
" Why , it 's almost like they would follow Bush to Hell and back .
Oh wait , they did .
It 's going to be a very long 4 years . "
However , while one of the top military blogs is claiming that both visits occurred at the same military base , Camp Lejeune in North Carolina , the clip of Bush actually was taken from his surprise Labor Day , 2007 visit to Iraq .
" President Bush made a surprise visit to Iraq on Monday , leaving the White House secretly Sunday evening to fly to Al Asad airbase , in Anbar province , for meetings with U.S. military commanders , Iraqi leaders and some of the approximately 10,000 American troops stationed there , " Time reported in September of 2007 .
The picture above clearly shows Bush wearing the same casual shirt as displayed in the video embedded below .
Bush even mentions Labor Day at one point in the clip .
Blackfive writes , " The Real Revo has put up a video showing the difference between the reactions of the Marines at Camp Lejeune to George W. Bush and Barack H. Obama . "
Blackfive 's post is also entitled " The difference . "
( Note : Blackfive 's post was updated sometime after this article was published : " Some people are now accusing me of a smear job .
I corrected the above statement about Lejeune as soon as I could .
Besides , I do n't think the fact that the party of the President really matters in discussions on whether the troops like him or not . " )
Nowhere on the video or at the Real Revo blog does it note the difference between the two speeches .
That the reaction to Bush was due to his making a surprise visit to a base in the middle of a war on a national holiday .
One user at YouTube complained , " Ok you guys I have to say the responces here are disturbing ...
I am not for Obama but the aganda of the video is doing the same as the Mainstream media .
you have to consider the two instances were set in 2 very different settings ... one in Iraq , and was not formal .
The one with Obama was a formal event .... come on people think !!! "
In June of 2005 , multiple news networks reported that Bush aides helped prompt Army soldiers to clap during one of his speeches .
" After President Bush 's June 28 speech at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , reporters on ABC , NBC and Fox News noted that the only round of applause during the speech was initiated by Bush staffers , " Media Matters wrote in 2005 .
" But CNN and MSNBC made no mention of the staffers ' role , instead attributing the outbreak of applause to the troops .
CBS ' brief post - speech coverage made no mention of the applause . "
NBC News anchor Brian Williams had observed to correspondent Kelly O'Donnell , " Kelly , some folks at home no doubt were curious about the lack of applause breaks .
By pre-agreement between the White House and Fort Bragg , there was no entry applause as the soldiers were at attention .
We were 23 minutes into it before the first break for applause .
Were the crowd addressed or given instructions in any way before the president walked out ? "
" I checked with some of those in uniform , and they were told to follow military protocol and to be polite , " O'Donnell reported .
" It was my observation that that one applause break was actually triggered by members of the president 's advance team .
They were just a few feet from me .
They started to applaud -- applause is contagious , and it then swept through the room .
There was applause when the president left the room after the speech was over but people in uniform here told me that they had planned to be polite and to follow protocol .
So , that 's the explanation behind that , Brian . "
The following video was posted at YouTube :
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
By Khalid Amayreh
This is a rejoinder to my ‘ Shame on us ’ article .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
Israeli- occupied Jerusalem
Zionist massacres -1948 Zionist massacres - 2008-9
I have been under fire of late from two diametrically opposite quarters .
First , the fanatical , self - worshiping Zionists who think that non-Jewish suffering should never ever be compared with Jewish suffering .
Needless to say , this psychotic attitude stems from deep - seated convictions that a Jew is a special creature whose life is worth more than the rest of humanity .
Have n’t we noticed , for example , how Israel has made “ Gila ’ad Shalit ” , the Israeli soldier imprisoned by Hamas , a household name all over the world , while next to nothing is mentioned about the estimated 10,000 Palestinian political and resistance prisoners languishing in Israeli dungeons and concentration camps ?
And , Second , some pro-Palestinian activists who believe that I should avoid invoking the holocaust in my writings lest this help legitimize the Zionist narrative and inadvertently justify Israeli crimes against the Palestinian people .
To our pro-Palestinian activists , I , with all due respect , would like to say the following .
I sincerely believe that we would be walking in the path of immorality if we denied or belittled other people ’s suffering .
Indeed , it is imperative that we retain our humanity and moral fabric in the course of this legitimate struggle against the evil state .
We must never imitate or emulate their ways and tactics .
This would be self - defeating , self - destructive and immensely demoralizing .
Moreover , we must refrain from saying or doing things that would make others portray us as inherent enemies of Jews , because we are not .
We also need to be constantly vigilant and cautious about what we say and how we say it , lest we inadvertently besmirch the legitimacy of our just cause .
Israel is so manifestly criminal and ugly that we do n’t need to deny anyone ’s suffering to prove this plain fact .
In short , we do n’t have to shoot ourselves in the foot .
It is wrong and it hurts us a lot .
Obviously , the Zionists ’ “ arguments ” are motivated , as always , by ill - will and a malicious desire to silence critics of Israeli criminality whose phantasmagoric expressions we all witnessed recently in the Gaza Strip .
The subject of contention this time has been an article I published a few days ago , entitled “ Shame on us , ” in which I strongly criticized efforts by some dubious “ peace activists ” to bamboozle some innocent Palestinian children from some impoverished localities into playing music before “ holocaust survivors . ”
This is what happened last week when a dozen young musicians from the Jenin Refugee Camp , in the northern West Bank , were taken surreptitiously to Tel Aviv where they were made to play a serenade before some elderly Zionists , some of whom veterans from the many criminal wars Israel had waged on our people .
And as I said in the article , the ethnic cleansing of Palestine was not carried out by UFOs but by the very people our children are now being asked to cheer up .
Understandably , the not - so - innocent event left many Palestinians infuriated by the cheap exploitation of these kids for Israeli hasbara purposes .
As one who lost three uncles in one day to Zionist murderers in 1954 , I felt deeply wounded and humiliated by that event .
I am actually not against reconciliation between Palestinians and Jews .
I do n’t and never will view Jews as our inherent enemies .
Some Jews are actually among the most effective supporters of our national cause .
Those we salute for their honesty and morality .
However , it is obvious that true reconciliation in this part of the world requires that the slate be made thoroughly clean .
Usurped rights must be returned to rightful owners , and wrongs must be rectified .
This I say to honest and conscientious Jews who are genuinely interested in justice and peace .
But to the Zionists I would like to say that the following : the latest point of contention is not about music or even peace .
This is first and foremost about human dignity of which the children of the holocaust and their children and grand children and great grandchildren have been trying to rob us .
And whether you like it or not , for us , at least , you represent the real Wehrmacht , the real SS and real Gestapo .
You are the Nazis of our time .
This is what we see from our vantage point .
This is what much of the world sees .
This is what many honest and conscientious Jews see .
You stole our country , you murdered our people , you destroyed our homes , and you expelled and dispersed the bulk of our people to the four corners of the world .
And after all of this , you have audacity to dupe our children to sing and play music to you ?
This is simply beyond , far beyond , Chutzpah .
Some of you habitually babble the word “ hatred ” whenever a Palestinian asserts his people ’s humanity and dignity .
Well , you are really sick to the bone if you think Palestinians must sacrifice their dignity in order to become a hate - free people according to the Zionist lexicon .
We will not pay tribute to the killers of our children , we will show respect to our grave - diggers .
Besides , who do you think you are anyway to lecture us on hatred ?
After all , you represent and embody hatred in its ugliest form .
The extirpation of a people from its ancestral homeland from time immemorial is a satanic act par excellence .
The destruction and obliteration of hundreds of Palestinian towns and villages to fulfill Jewish nationalism is diabolical act of the highest order .
Your recent blitzkrieg in Gaza during which your Nazi - like army ganged up on a helpless , unprotected civilian population , exterminating them with bombs and missiles and incinerating their children with White Phosphorus proved once again that you are no better than the hateful Nazis you curse day and night for what they did to you sixty years ago .
Well , try to get yourselves out of this cocoon of self - denial .
The Palestinian people do n’t hate music nor do they teach their kids to hate Jews or non-Jews , it is your evil and murderous actions that generate hatred against you not only among Palestinians and Muslims but among many other people around the world .
Just look at your ugly faces in the mirror .
Indeed , the State Department 's latest travel advisory for the Mexican border region reads like the plot of a crime thriller .
" Recent Mexican army and police confrontations with drug cartels have resembled small - unit combat , with cartels employing automatic weapons and grenades , " it states " Large firefights have taken place in many towns and cities across Mexico but most recently in northern Mexico , including Tijuana , Chihuahua City and Ciudad Juarez .
During some of these incidents , US citizens have been trapped and temporarily prevented from leaving the area . "
Daily Headlines TEARFUL ATLANTA COPS EXPRESS REMORSE FOR SHOOTING 92-YEAR -OLD KATHRYN JOHNSTON , LEAVING HER TO BLEED TO DEATH IN HER OWN HOME WHILE THEY PLANTED DRUGS IN HER BASEMENT , THEN THREATENING AN INFORMANT SO HE WOULD LIE TO COVER IT ALL UP by Radley Balko , ( Source : DrugSense Weekly )
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
United States
-------
Sorry , but I 'm having a hard time conjuring up any sympathy for these guys .
They were sentenced earlier this week : U.S. District Judge Julie Carnes sentenced former officer Gregg Junnier to six years in prison , Jason Smith to 10 years in prison and Arthur Tesler to 5 years in prison .
To put it into perspective , all three are expected to receive about the same sentence as Ryan Frederick ( who shot a police officer to death during a drug raid that Frederick believed was a home invasion ) .
That ai n't justice .
I will say , however , that evil and inexcusable as these bastards are , there 's some truth in this excerpt :
Tesler said when he joined the narcotics unit , he was told to " sit , watch and learn " from superiors who cut corners to meet performance quotas for arrests and warrants .
" I was a new part and plugged into a broken system , " Tesler said .
Tesler said when he saw Smith about to plant baggies of marijuana inside Johnston 's home to make it look like a drug house , he shook his head in disapproval .
Tesler said he falsified the police report and later lied about the raid because Smith told him to follow the cover - up script .
Tesler said he was n't about to " rat " on a senior officer .
His father , Jack Tesler , said his son was " being vilified and over - prosecuted . "
Smith said his moral compass failed when he began to think " drug dealers were no longer human . "
" I saw myself above them , " he said .
This is what happens when you declare " war " on American citizens .
You dehumanize them .
And you instill an ends - justifies - the - means , win at all costs mindset in your " warriors . "
This mindset infected the entire narcotics unit at Atlanta PD .
You'd have to be awfully naive to believe the problem is limited to Atlanta .
Officers Junnier , Smith , and Tesler are going to prison .
But you could make a good case that they were only responding to incentives .
A lot of other people have Kathryn Johnston 's blood on their hands too , people with names like Bennett , Gates , Walters , Souder , Tandy , and Meese .
They 've been ratcheting up the war rhetoric of drug prohibition for 30 years .
It boggles my mind that I'm " known " for this issue .
For this to even be an issue , we had to have reached the point where most of America is now accustomed to the notion that state agents dressed in battle garb can and will tear down the doors of private homes in the middle of the night for nothing more than mere possession of psychoactive substances .
And most of the time , they do it under the full color of law .
It should n't be at all surprising that this particular war 's boots on the ground might start to take all of that war imagery to heart , and take shortcuts around whatever largely ritualistic Fourth Amendment procedures we have left to " protect " against whatever it is we still might call " unreasonable " searches ( if a violent , terrifying , paramilitary - style raid in the middle of the night on someone suspected of a nonviolent , consensual crime is n't " unreasonable , " I do n't know what would be ) .
Kathryn Johnston 's death is tragic .
But the real tragedy here is that had the cops found a stash of marijuana in her basement that actually did belong to her - say for pain treatment or nausea - her death would have faded quickly from the national news , these tactics would have been deemed by most to be wholly legitimate , and we probably would n't still be talking about her today .
These cops were evil .
But they worked within an evil system that 's not only immoral on its face , but is rife with bad incentives and plays to the worst instincts in human nature .
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
Share This Article Pubdate : Fri , 27 Feb 2009
Source : DrugSense Weekly ( DSW )
Section : Feature Article
Website : http://www.drugsense.org
Author : Radley Balko
Note : Radley Balko is a senior editor for Reason magazine .
For
additional information and to view his blog , please visit his
website , http://www.theagitator.com/
- where this piece first appeared .
The problem is when I would forward X connections over ssh , and then login from another machine , I could no longer forward any X programs .
SSH - Agent Forwarding and GNU Screen
Follow those directions , and then to enable X forwarding in emacs running in screen , I use the following elisp function :
( defun fixssh ( ) " Run fixssh script for use in GNU screen with X forwarding " ( interactive ) ( save - excursion ( let ( ( buffer ( find- file - noselect " ~/bin/fixssh " ) ) ) ( set - buffer buffer ) ( setq buffer - read - only t ) ( goto - char ( point - min ) ) ( while ( re- search - forward " \ \ ( [ A - Z_ ] [ A - Z0 - 9 _ ] * \\ ) *= *\ " \\ ( [ ^\ " ] * \\ ) \ " " nil t) ( let ( ( key ( match - string 1 ) ) ( val ( match - string 2 ) ) ) ( setenv key val ) ) ) ( kill - buffer buffer ) ) ) )
Put that in your .emacs file and run it with " M-x fixssh " and your ssh X forwarding environment variables will be imported for use in emacs !
Special thanks to
I live life in GNU screen for remote development , and much of that in emacs without a GUI , but I occasionally need to run some graphics Python or Lisp code from inside screen .
The problem is when I would forward X connections over ssh , and then login from another machine , I could no longer forward any X programs .
I found the following lifesaving article for how to fix X forwarding while using a persistent screen session :
Follow those directions , and then to enable X forwarding in emacs running in screen , I use the following elisp function :
Put that in your .emacs file and run it with " " and your ssh X forwarding environment variables will be imported for use in emacs !
Special thanks to Sam Rowe for the original article .
The Federal Reserve released its beige book report today on regional economic conditions , and the news continues to be grim as broad weakness was recorded throughout the country .
The financial sector remains in particularly bad shape .
The New York Fed reported that “ a contact monitoring the financial sector maintains that the industry is still far [… ]
Always in debt ,
Poe both sought and sneered at the popular audience of his day .
Illustration by AndrÉ Carrilho
Edgar Allan
Poe once wrote an essay called “ The Philosophy of Composition , ” to explain why he wrote “ The Raven ” backward .
The poem tells the story of a man who , “ once upon a midnight dreary , ” while mourning his dead love , Lenore , answers a tapping at his chamber door , to find “ darkness there and nothing more . ”
He peers into the darkness , “ dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before , ” and meets a silence broken only by his whispered word , “ Lenore ? ”
He closes the door .
The tapping starts again .
He flings open his shutter and , “ with many a flirt and flutter , ” in flies a raven , “ grim , ungainly , ghastly , gaunt , and ominous bird of yore . ”
The bird speaks just one word : “ Nevermore . ”
That word is the poem ’s last , but it ’s where Poe began .
He started , he said , “ at the end , where all works of art should begin , ” and he “ first put pen to paper ” at what became the third - to - last stanza :
“ Prophet , ” said I , “ thing of evil !
prophet still if bird or devil !
By that heaven that bends above us — by that God we both adore , Tell this soul with sorrow laden , if within the distant Aidenn , It shall clasp a sainted maiden whom the angels name Lenore — Clasp a rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore . ”
Quoth the Raven “ Nevermore . ”
“ The Philosophy of Composition ” is a lovely little essay , but , as Poe himself admitted , it ’s a bit of jiggery - pokery , too .
Poe did n’t actually write “ The Raven ” backward .
The essay is as much a contrivance as the poem itself .
Here is a beautiful poem ; it does everything a poem should do , is everything a poem should be .
And here is a clever essay about the writing of a beautiful poem .
Top that .
Nearly everything
Poe wrote , including the spooky stories for which he is best remembered , has this virtuosic , showy , lilting , and slightly wilting quality , like a peony just past bloom .
Poe did n’t write “ The Raven ” to answer the exacting demands of a philosophic Art , or not entirely , anyway .
He wrote it for the same reason that he wrote tales like “ The Gold - Bug ” : to stave off starvation .
For a long while , Poe lived on bread and molasses ; weeks before “ The Gold - Bug ” was published , he was begging near - strangers on the street for fifty cents to buy something to eat .
“ ‘ The Raven ’ has had a great ‘ run , ’ ” he wrote to a friend , “ but I wrote it for the express purpose of running — just as I did the ‘ Gold - Bug , ’ you know .
The bird beat the bug , though , all hollow . ”
The public that swallowed that bird and bug Poe strenuously resented .
You love Poe or you do n’t , but , either way , Poe does n’t love you .
A writer more condescending to more adoring readers would be hard to find .
“ The nose of a mob is its imagination , ” he wrote .
“ By this , at any time , it can be quietly led . ”
This year marks the two - hundredth anniversary of Poe ’s birth and the publication of two collections of gothic tales produced by the Mystery Writers of America .
“ On a Raven ’s Wing : New Tales in Honor of Edgar Allan Poe ” ( Harper ; $ 14.99 ) contains stories by twenty mystery writers , including Mary Higgins Clark .
“ In the Shadow of the Master : Classic Tales by Edgar Allan Poe ” ( William Morrow ; $ 25.99 ) pairs
Poe ’s best - known stories with modern commentaries ; Stephen King muses on “ The Genius of ‘ The Tell - Tale Heart . ’ ” There ’s also a sensitive and haunting brief biography , Peter Ackroyd ’s “ Poe : A Life Cut Short ” ( Doubleday ; $ 21.95 ) , that offers a fitting tribute to Poe ’s begin - at - the - end philosophy by opening with his horrible and mysterious death , in October of 1849 .
Poe , drunk and delirious , seems to have been dragged around Baltimore to cast votes , precinct after precinct , in one of that city ’s infamously corrupt congressional elections , until he finally collapsed .
From Ryan ’s tavern , a polling place in the Fourth Ward , Poe was carried , like a corpse , to a hospital .
He died four days later .
He was forty years old .
“ My whole existence has been the merest Romance , ” Poe wrote , the year before his death , “ in the sense of the most utter unworldliness . ”
This is Byronic bunk .
Poe ’s life was tragic , but he was about as unworldly as a bale of cotton .
Poe ’s world was Andrew Jackson ’s America , a world of banking collapse , financial panic , and grinding depression that had a particularly devastating effect on the publishing industry , where Poe sought a perch .
His biography really is a series of unfortunate events .
But two of those events were transatlantic financial crises : the Panic of 1819 and the Panic of 1837 , the pit and the pendulum of the antebellum economy .
Poe died at the end of a decade known , in Europe , as “ the Hungry Forties , ” and he was n’t the only American to fall face down in the gutter during a seven - year - long depression brought on by a credit collapse .
He did not live out of time .
He lived in hard times , dark times , up - and - down times .
Indigence cast a shadow over everything he attempted .
Poverty was his raven , tapping at the door , and it was Poe , not the bird , who uttered , helplessly , another rhyme for “ Nevermore . ”
“ I send you an original tale , ” Poe once began a letter , and , at its end , added one line more : “ P.S. I am poor . ”
Edgar Poe was born in Boston , on January 19 , 1809 , to a talented actress named Eliza Poe and her hapless husband , David , who deserted her .
When Edgar was two , his mother died of consumption .
Edgar and a brother and sister had little more to depend upon than the charity of strangers .
The Poe orphans were separated , and Edgar landed in the home of a wealthy Richmond merchant named John Allan and his sickly , childless wife , Fanny .
Allan , who ran a firm called the House of Ellis , never adopted the boy , and never loved him , either .
Poe , for his part , took Allan ’s name but never wanted it .
( He signed letters , and published , as “ Edgar A. Poe . ” )
In 1815 , Allan moved his family to London , to take advantage of the booming British market for Virginia tobacco .
Poe attended posh boarding schools .
Then , during the Panic of 1819 , the first bust in the industrializing nineteenth century , banks failed , factories closed , and Allan ’s business imploded .
Allan , plagued with two hundred thousand dollars of debt , returned to Virginia .
Poe turned poet .
The earliest verses in his hand that survive were written when he was fifteen : “ Last night , with many cares and toils oppress ’d , / Weary , I laid me on a couch to rest . ”
Adolescent melancholy , and nothing more .
But on the same sheet of paper , just below Poe ’s scrawl , Allan had calculated the compound interest on a debt .
In 1823 , Poe fell in love with Jane Stannard , the unhinged mother of a school friend .
A year later , Stannard died , insane .
Poe spent much time at her graveside .
“ No more ” became his favorite phrase .
In 1825 , Allan inherited a fortune from an uncle .
He did not name Poe as his heir .
Allan rose ;
Poe kept falling .
At seventeen , Poe went to the University of Virginia , where he drank and gambled and , in a matter of months , racked up debts totalling more than two thousand dollars .
Allan refused to honor them , even though Poe was at risk of debtors ’ prison .
Poe ran off .
There followed a series of huffy pronouncements and stormy departures ; most ended in Poe creeping back , begging Allan for money .
“ I am in the greatest necessity , not having tasted food since Yesterday morning , ” Poe wrote .
“ I have no where to sleep at night , but roam about the Streets . ”
Allan was unmoved .
Poe enlisted in the Army and served for two years as Edgar A. Perry .
In 1829 , Fanny Allan died .
Andrew Jackson was inaugurated .
Poe , while awaiting a commission to West Point , submitted the manuscript for a book of poems to a publisher , who told him that he would publish it only if Poe guaranteed him against the loss .
Allan would n’t front the money .
Poe moved to Baltimore , where he lived with his invalid grandmother ; his aunt , Maria Clemm ; his nine - year - old cousin , Virginia ; and his brother , Henry , an alcoholic who was dying of consumption .
Jackson , meanwhile , refused to renew the charter of the Bank of the United States , run by Nicholas Biddle .
Biddle insisted on the need for federal regulation of paper currency .
Some of Jackson ’s supporters wanted no paper money at all .
Between 1830 and 1837 , while Biddle and Jackson battled , three hundred and forty - seven state - chartered banks opened across the country .
They printed their own money — $ 140 million in paper bills was in circulation by 1836 .
All this paper was backed by very little coin .
At the end of Jackson ’s two terms , American banks held six times as much paper money as gold .
Poe , who was broke , did n’t need a bank .
He could treasure up funds , he came to believe , in his own brain .
He read as much as he could , borrowing books from Baltimore libraries .
“ There are minds which not only retain all receipts , but keep them at compound interest for ever , ” he wrote .
Poe may have thought that his mind was a mint , but when his book of poems was finally published it earned him nothing ( exactly what all his collections of poetry earned ) .
He sold one of Maria Clemm ’s slaves .
“ I have tried to get the money for you from Mr. A a dozen times — but he always shuffles me off , ” Poe wrote to one of his creditors .
And he added , lying , “ Mr. A is not very often sober . ”
“ I have an inveterate habit of speaking the truth , ” Poe once wrote .
That , too , was a lie .
( That Poe lied compulsively about his own life has proved the undoing of many a biographer . )
In 1830 , he finally made it to West Point , where he pulled pranks .
“ I cannot believe a word he writes , ” Allan wrote on the back of yet another letter from his wayward charge .
Poe was court - martialled , and after that Allan , who had since married a woman twenty years his junior , cut him off entirely .
Poe went to New York , but , unable to support himself by writing , he left the city within three months , returning to Baltimore to live with Mrs. Clemm and little Virginia .
He published his first story , “ Metzengerstein , ” about a doomed Hungarian baron , his gloomy castle , and his fiery steed .
He won a prize of fifty dollars from the Baltimore Saturday Visiter for “ MS Found in a Bottle . ”
One of the editors , who met him , later wrote , “ I found him in Baltimore in a state of starvation . ”
In these straits , Poe wrote “ Berenice , ” a story about a man who disinters his dead lover and yanks out all her teeth — “ the white and glistening , and ghastly teeth of Berenice ” — only to realize that she is still alive .
It has been claimed , plausibly , that Poe wrote this story to make a very bad and long - winded joke about “ bad taste . ”
Also : he was hungry .
“ You can tell us the sound of one hand clapping here or you can tell us downtown . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
John Allan died in 1834 , a rich man .
He left his vast estate — three plantations and two hundred and thirty slaves — to his second wife and their three children .
He left Edgar A . Poe not a penny .
The following year , Poe was hired as the editor of a new monthly magazine , the Southern Literary Messenger , in Richmond .
He was paid sixty dollars a month , modest enough but , for him , a fortune .
In 1836 , Poe married Virginia Clemm .
She was thirteen ; he was twenty - seven ; he said she was twenty - one .
He called her his “ darling little wifey . ”
( “ I was a child and she was a child , / In this kingdom by the sea ; / But we loved with a love that was more than love — / I and my Annabel Lee . ” )
Poe held the job at the Messenger for only sixteen months .
He boasted that , under his editorship , the magazine ’s circulation grew from seven hundred to fifty - five hundred , but , as the Poe scholar Terence Whalen has discovered , this was another lie .
The magazine had thirteen hundred subscribers when Poe started , and eighteen hundred when he left .
Poe lied about the Messenger ’s circulation because he was attempting to forge a career in the world of magazine publishing during very troubled economic times .
And , plainly , he was a very troubled man .
Quarrelling with the publisher of the Messenger , Poe left the magazine and , in February of 1837 , moved to New York .
The New - Yorker , a weekly magazine edited by Rufus Griswold , welcomed him , praising his work at the Messenger .
Harper & Brothers was just about to publish his novel , “ The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym , ” the account of a Nantucket seafarer .
His voyages involve whaling , mutiny , shipwreck , sharks , cannibalism , letters written in blood , cryptic “ Ethiopian characters , ” and an island of treacherous black people , with black teeth , whose chief is named Too - wit .
Unfortunately , Poe arrived in New York just in time for the Panic of 1837 .
With all that paper money , speculators had gone wild ; in the West , there had been a land grab and in the East a housing bubble — in New York , real - estate values had risen a hundred and fifty per cent .
When the crash came , early in the Van Buren Presidency , bankruptcies swept the nation .
In New York , riots erupted as the swelling ranks of the city ’s poor broke into food shops .
“ Down with the panic makers , ” one newspaper warned , promising , “ A bright sun will soon dispel the remaining darkness . ”
But the skies did n’t brighten .
In April , one New Yorker wrote in his diary , “ Wall Street .
The blackness of darkness still hangeth over it .
Failure on failure . ”
By the fall of 1837 , nine out of ten Eastern factories had closed .
Five hundred desperate New Yorkers turned up to answer an ad for twenty day laborers , to be paid at the truly measly wage of four dollars a month .
“ Pym ” failed , too .
Poe ’s publisher had tried to pass the novel off as an authentic travel journal even as its author left a trail of clues to the hoax — “ pym ” being , for instance , an anagram of “ imp . ”
This did n’t go over especially well .
One reviewer called the book “ an impudent attempt at humbugging the public . ”
Poe did not write another novel .
He moved to Philadelphia and wrote more short stories .
During the seven - year depression that followed the Panic , Whalen has shown , Poe wrote a tenth as many poems and twice as many tales .
He insisted that this was an aesthetic choice .
Any piece of truly worthy writing must be able to be read at a sitting in order to achieve a single dramatic effect , the “ Nevermore ” - ish end with which , Poe said , every work of Art must begin .
The tale , he believed , affords “ the best prose opportunity for display of the highest talent . ”
Maybe .
But writing a book was exactly the kind of long - term investment
Poe could not afford to make , especially with so little prospect of return .
In the eighteen - twenties , books cost , on average , two dollars ; during the depression , that price fell to fifty cents .
WASHINGTON , March 24 ( Reuters ) - The White House unveiled a new effort to crack down on the two - way smuggling of drugs , guns and money across its border with Mexico and expressed on Tuesday President Barack Obama ’s concern that criminal violence could spill over to U.S. soil .
“ The president is concerned by the increased level of violence ... and the impact that it is having on communities on both sides of the border , ” the White House said .
An estimated eight per cent of India ’s 375 million mobile phone users will have their service terminated at the end of this month .
India is to disconnect more than 30 million Chinese - made mobile phones amid concerns that the devices could be used by terrorists .
Connections will be terminated at the end of this month , immediately stripping out an estimated eight per cent of India ’s 375 million mobile phone users .
India ’s mobile phone rolls are growing by around 12 million per month .
Unlike mainstream manufacturers , many cheap Chinese handsets on sale in India have no International Mobile Equipment Identity IMEI ) code , which means neither ownership nor the user ’s position can be traced when it is switched on .
Officials believe a number of terrorist attacks , including one on Delhi last year , were carried out by militants using Chinese mobiles detectives were unable to trace .
While mainstream mobiles leave a personal IMEI code on each call , and can be ‘ triangulated ’ between three mobile phone masts to identify the user ’s location , Chinese handsets simply show a set of zeroes .
Most of their owners in India have not been terrorists but young people looking for a cheap phone with all the features of a Western brand like Nokia or Motorola .
One popular Chinese model sells for 50 pounds , but features Bluetooth , camera , MP3 player , multi-media messaging , and video player .
An estimated 800,000 Chinese handsets flood into India every month , while last year the figure was even higher – 1.5 million .
India has gradually tightened its regulations following a series of terrorist attacks in Delhi , Mumbai , and Jaipur .
In one particular attack , in Mehrauli , a suburb of Delhi , detectives were unable to track those fleeing the blast site because their suspected Chinese handsets were unidentifiable .
India ’s mobile phone service providers have now been given a deadline of April 15th to identify all phones on their networks , and to disconnect all without an IMEI number by the end of the month .
Via Telegraph.co.uk
L’AQUILA , Italy ( Reuters ) - Italy prepared to end the search for survivors of its worst earthquake for three decades , which killed at least 293 people and made nearly 40,000 homeless .
A fire department spokesman said rescuers might call off the operation on Saturday night or Sunday after a search beneath the ruins of a four - storey building in the mountain city of L’Aquila failed to turn up anyone alive .
“ We said from the start hopes were very slight and unfortunately it looks like we wo n’t find anything , ” he said .
No survivors from Monday ’s 6.3 - magnitude quake have been pulled from the rubble since Tuesday , and rescue efforts had not been expected to continue beyond the weekend .
Violent aftershocks continued to shake Italy ’s central Abruzzo region overnight and into the morning , terrifying survivors a day after a state funeral for the dead .
The youngest quake victim was a five - month - old boy , killed with his mother .
With Easter around the corner , the thousands of people made homeless by the earthquake tried to find some normalcy in tents and borrowed quarters .
TENT CHAPELS
At the main tent city , where some 2,000 survivors are sheltering , makeshift chapels with Bibles and rosaries were set up in plastic tents for people to pray and an Easter mass will be celebrated on Sunday .
“ I always used to go to church , and tomorrow I ’ll do the same , ” said 75 - year - old Carmelina Ciocca , tears in her eyes .
“ It will help me feel a bit better after all this devastation . ”
Residents pleaded with security forces at roadblocks to let them recover personal effects from their crumbling houses .
“ I just want to get some clothes , I ’ve been wearing this tracksuit for five days now , ” said Melina Giandomenico , who used to live in a central street in L’Aquila where three more bodies were unearthed on Saturday .
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said around 24,000 of the homeless were living in emergency camps and 15,000 had been given shelter in hotels or private homes .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
The billionaire media mogul , has offered to put up homeless people at three of his own properties .
Attention is starting to turn to the reconstruction of a region that relies on tourism , farming and family firms .
More than half the companies in the Abruzzo region are out of action .
One estimate put the damage at up to 3 billion euros ( 2 billion pounds ) , but its impact on Italy ’s economy , which is worth nearly 2 trillion euros a year and is already mired in recession , is expected to be limited .
Since our readership at Points in Case is mostly 18 - 24 year old dudes looking to either kill time in between classes , waste time at work , or figure out how to sell drugs , I thought I 'd help out my fellow buddies with a guide to tell if a girl is insane or not .
It 's an important thing if you want a lasting relationship , a fuck buddy , or just need a study date … that you eventually want to bang .
Men , do n't fret if you 've been burned by a psychotic woman before .
I have too .
Many many times .
Now I am here to guide you , just as Tonto guided the Lone Ranger through the Wild Wild West Hollywood .
While warm - blooded , the female human is actually more reptilian than mammalian , Kemosabe .
Missy McBooberton may seems like a fluffy bunny , but in fact , she 's a coiled serpent , waiting for some sucker to walk by so she can bite , inject poison , constrict , suck the life out of , and eat whole .
This bipedal female is a slick chameleon .
By the age of 13 , this creature has mastered disguises , espionage , sabotage , and carrying on very important phone conversations under the bedsheets .
She can also be crocodilian .
Her walnut - sized prehistoric brain is incapable of true thought processes and her efficient stomach can keep her hunger at bay for months at a time .
But when the bloodthirst hits her , she cares not if she attacks a pretty gazelle , stinky musk ox , or you .
Know this : she will take the offensive .
Now let 's examine 10 warning signs to help prevent you from falling prey to this unyielding predator .
Again .
1. She 's Wearing More Than Three Articles of Pink
These bright colors are shiny and pretty , and meant to distract you from the spiny talons she 's tactfully hidden from you .
Sure you might be able to take her to meet your parents , but you 'll also have to do stuff like watch reruns of The OC , listen to her version of gossip , and clean your bathroom bi-weekly .
She will tell you one of her professors taught her to " think really deep . "
2. She Tells You , " I Only Have Guy Friends "
This is a female in her true form .
She 's so caustic and evil , not even her own sex can handle being around her , which to her is somewhat enlightening .
She 's discovered her true sensibility : she truly hates herself , therefore can't be around others like her .
Her male companions consist of : A ) a few guys who want to try to bang her ; B ) a pudstain nerd who wants to bang her , but instead offers her an ear for her to her bitch and moan to ( he also helps her study ) ; C ) a group of dudes who need her to fill a spot on an intramural sports team and can stand her only enough for this purpose .
One of these dudes might get overly drunk after a victorious game of broom ball and accidentally bang her .
She 'll fall in love with him , while he 'll transfer to another university .
3. She 's Recovering From a Breakup
This particular breed is a " reformed " attack pit bull .
She can be sweet and nice , offering home - cooked goods , backrubs and plenty of blowjobs .
Then one night you might be brushing your teeth with your left hand instead of right , and her eyes will roll back into her head and she 'll bite onto you with the force of 30 metric tons of pressure .
" You 're cheating on me are n't you ? " " You 're JUST LIKE HIM ! "
" You do n't want to have any more than six kids do you ? "
4. She Cheated On Her Last Boyfriend
" Well , this is it .
Use it and lose it , I always say .
" Men , think about the last time you " needed that new purse you saw even though you 're carrying a perfectly good one right now . "
Has that ever happened ?
No .
It 's a woman 's nature to be fleeting and fickle with food , fashion and network television reality shows .
This demonic fact rings true with their tastes in men as well .
You can't expect a woman who pays $ 255 for a pair of shoes she 'll only wear once to remain loyal to you .
Contrary to popular belief , women cheat just as much as men .
They only hide it better .
The walls of the girls ' dormitory is filled with giggles of " Hee hee .
Well , what he does n't know wo n't hurt him . "
But the truth is : the gonorrhea will .
5. She Once Dated a Drug Dealer
Much like the child prostitutes of Dubai , this female 's view of " normal " has been completely skewed .
Some nights her last boyfriend drove her around in a shiny Ford Mustang with really cool rims .
Other nights he was selling heroin to special ed teachers and chopping off toddlers ' fingers .
This former beau of a crack pusher is used to lavish gifts , the best drugs , exciting car chases , being forced to fellate at gunpoint , and a lifestyle you 'll never be able to match .
Unless you start dealing drugs to make her happy .
She 'll tell you she wants you to quit , but she 's lying .
She wants you to get killed so she can have all your money and your badass iPhone .
6. You Dated Her Before , But She 's " Changed "
Life would have you think " three strikes and you 're out — with a few foul tips . "
She told you she matured and knows what she did wrong .
You took her back .
Idiot !
Throughout history women played this sneaky trick on unsuspecting men .
You think , " Hmm . Women never lie .
Why should she start now ? "
The sad fact is , my friend , women do n't change .
Sure , their hairstyles , fashions , body art and pubic hair shapes may change .
But mental scars and limited reasoning capacity are n't fixed by a week at the gym and an afternoon at the spa .
7. She Used to Be — Or Is — A Stripper
Have a conversation with an off duty exotic dancer .
‘ Nuff said .
8. Off the Bat , She Tells You , " I'm Not Crazy "
Pure smokescreen .
This is like a fat person telling you , " I 'm not hungry . "
But just as your back is turned to your lard - assed acquaintance , a knife dances through your ribs and the tubby is feasting on your meaty hamstrings .
This woman will lure you and swindle her way into your home .
Perhaps you will move into the same apartment and you 'll think " We 're happy . "
As a surprise for her , you bring a dozen white roses home .
Then she puts your puppy in the blender .
" I like beige Octavian Carnations and I hate smelling the number 12 . "
Bang .
You 've been foiled .
9 . Off the Bat , She Tells You , " I'm Crazy "
Hey , at least she admits it .
Now that she 's deliberately shown you her fangs , you can start to think of ways to avoid them .
And usually openly disturbed women are the best in the sack .
So put on your Kevlar and enjoy !
10 . Signs She 's Not Crazy
Does your female friend happen to be my mom or my grandma ?
Then you 've scored !
Neither are crazy .
But do n't date them , or I 'll fucking kill you .
So now you 've learned how to identify a woman who is totally bonkers .
Congratulations !
Tune in next week when I show you ways to discover if water is wet .
You may wish to ask Webmaster for more information .
During World War 2 the Nazi soldiers besides their rifles had also cameras handy and made a lot of photos of the conquered territories .
Such pictures were banned in Soviet Russia because they did n’t fit in the official agenda .
According to Soviet propaganda Nazis were not much better than wild dangerous animals killing and torturing civilians and burning down every village they enter .
Later , after the collapse of USSR some amount of evidence started arriving from abroad to Russia , showing that it was not so bad under the short German rule for the Russian people , some really enjoyed some freedoms they did n’t have under the Soviet rule .
Like on the top picture people depicted throwing rocks at the Lenin monument .
Also private property was restored and people could compete freely opening some businesses .
Still such talks are not welcomed in modern Russia too because practically every Russian family has someone who was killed as a soldier during WW2 and accepting the fact that it was not so bad under the Nazis means to somehow reject the fact that their fathers died for the better future .
Still here are some photos from Germans of Russian people and German soldiers during WW2 .
Because nothing is more hilarious than American voter suppression !
Brad Friedman Byon 4/2/2009 , 10:06 pm PT
While out on the stump for VA 's Republican gubernatorial candidate Bob McDonnell , former Gov. Mike Huckabee made an hysterical joke to the laughing assembled crowd of Republicans , instructing them to " Do the lord 's work " by not letting voters to the polls if they do n't plan to vote for McDonnell .
HUCKABEE : You have two jobs .
One - get all those people who are gonna vote for Bob out to the polls and vote .
If they 're not gonna vote for Bob , you have another job .
Let the air out of their tires and do not let them out of their driveway on Election Day .
Keep 'em home .
Do the lord 's work , my friend .
I 'm giving you an opportunity ... yes , do the right thing .
Of course , it was just a joke .
Who in the Republican Party would ever do such a thing in this country ?!
Well , other than the guy in the video on the right , Paul Weyrich , one of the founding fathers of the modern Republican vote suppression movement , who , until he recently died , was a regular , legendary consultant to the nation 's top Republicans , and also another hysterically funny Republican Baptist just like Huckabee .
WEYRICH : Now many of our Christians have what I call the goo - goo syndrome - good government .
They want everybody to vote .
I do n't want everybody to vote .
Elections are not won by a majority of people , they never have been from the beginning of our country and they are not now .
As a matter of fact , our leverage in the elections quite candidly goes up as the voting populace goes down . "
McDonnell 's Democratic opponent in the VA race , former DNC chair Terry McAuliffe , was n't laughing .
He sent a letter to supporters describing Huckabee 's comment as " no joking matter , " noting : " People died for the right to vote in this country , and we have to protect it . "
Rachel Weiner has the full letter tonight at HuffPo .
Beyond that , we 'll spare you the photographs of the who - knows - how - many African - Americans who not only were kept from voting in this nation by others just " doing the right thing " and " the lord 's work , " but who were strung up in trees by their necks in order to keep them from voting and to send the hilarious message to others that they 'd best not be let out of their " driveways " come Election Day .
We 'd go on , but it 's all just so funny , we can't even keep typing .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy says a technical error is to blame for the black - listing of a website with artist Bill Henson 's photographs on it .
Henson 's photographs have attracted controversy because they often depict naked teenagers .
Senator Conroy has told ABC 1's Q and A program the Classification Board rated the photographs PG .
He says a technical error by the body that controls the black - list , the Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) , is to blame for the black - listing .
" It was actually cleared by the Classification Board so it should n't have been on the list , " he said .
" I 've asked ACMA in the last few hours to go through their entire list again to see if there are any other examples of this . "
Inside James Patterson 's Black Lotus Ninja Dojo
James Patterson 's Palm Beach home and Black Lotus Ninja Dojo
The only way to deal with the paintings of Thomas Kinkade is to imagine that the buildings are on fire
Every discipline needs an identifiable villain in order to grow and develop in opposition , and James Patterson has been fiction 's Hitler ever since Admiral Lafayette Hubbard died .
Patterson is a man who works tirelessly to turn the process of writing books into a mechanical act without honor or humanity , into a factory product where he is the ruthless quality - control inspector who rubber stamps his authorized creations , letting the world know that " yes , he has approved these products for sale " and " yes , now you can buy them .
" Who knows if he even writes anything himself ?
He will live and die , and the hundreds of non-disclosure agreements he has drafted with his ghostwriters will remain secret until the ghostwriters age and question their lives , and end up saying too much in the dingy back rooms of New York bars .
The art world has to deal with Thomas Kinkade single - handedly destroying the spirit of their calling .
We have to deal with fucking Patterson .
In this fluff piece for the Guardian , we enter Patterson 's home in Florida and see the man at work .
He is the patron saint of the middle - aged amateur , the kind of wealthy , avuncular person who -- after a successful career in a morally - difficult executive position -- takes their hobby , buys it , and tries to justify their life by claiming it was their real passion all along .
Patterson is a one - man vanity press : not only does he buy his own commercials for his own books , he does n't even write them , and has n't since 1996 .
We have to take his word that he wrote his own books before 1996 , but is n't it interesting how much he knows about killing people and getting away with it ?
Is he a thriller writer and a detective fiction genius ?
Or is he a man who befriends lonely , struggling writers , slits their throats , steals their stories , strikes a line through their name , and replaces it with his own ?
Are his books clues for us ?
Is the guilt tearing him apart ?
Does he want to be caught ?
Does he want one last chance to explain himself before he is led away in chains to the gas chamber ?
All we know for certain is that these days he is famous enough to flaunt his " writing process " in our faces .
Patterson used to be a head executive at a New York marketing agency before he discovered that he was a genius who did n't even have to write books to make millions as an author .
In fact , sometimes he does n't have to do anything at all .
If you have reached this article because you " work for " Patterson and are part of his PR department , if your job is to scan the internet twenty - four hours a day and search for people who are saying bad things about your Master , please , get help , do n't let him control your life .
Get to a newspaper .
It does n't matter how much money he gave you to shut you up .
Tell them where he touched you .
Break the cycle of abuse .
Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman declared Wednesday that his nation ’s new government would not be bound by a U.S. - backed understanding to work toward establishing a Palestinian state .
His remark outraged Palestinian leaders and highlighted sharp disagreement between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s government and the Obama administration .
Netanyahu has long opposed the idea of a sovereign Palestinian state .
Taking office late Tuesday , the conservative leader struck a somewhat conciliatory tone , offering instead to work for a permanent agreement on limited Palestinian self - rule .
Lieberman ’s speech , his first as Israel ’s top diplomat , was blunt and openly hawkish .
The ultranationalist foreign minister warned against broad concessions to the Palestinians , saying they “ only bring pressure and more wars . ”
Advertisement
He dismissed a formal declaration , made at a 2007 Israeli - Palestinian peace conference , that committed both parties to further “ the goal of two states , Israel and Palestine . ”
President George W. Bush held the conference in Annapolis , Md. , and brokered the statement by then - Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas .
“ It has no validity , ” Lieberman said of the declaration .
“ The Israeli government never ratified Annapolis , nor did parliament . ”
Nabil abu Rudaineh , a spokesman for Abbas , said Lieberman ’s statement represents a threat to the region ’s stability .
He said the Obama administration “ should take a clear position against this policy before things get worse . ”
Later , a U.S. official told reporters accompanying President Obama to the G - 20 summit in London , “ It remains our view that a two - state solution . . . is in our interests and the region ’s interests . ”
Last week the president said advancement toward that goal is “ critical . ”
Advertisement
At a ceremony hours before Lieberman ’s speech , Israeli President Shimon Peres reminded Netanyahu and his Cabinet that “ the majority of countries in the world ” back the Palestinian quest for statehood -- a hint that Israel faces isolation .
Netanyahu has privately assured Western officials that he , not his outspoken foreign minister , will set Israel ’s foreign policy .
Lieberman was given the job because Netanyahu needed his Israel Is Our Home party , which finished strong in Feb. 10 elections , to assemble a majority coalition in parliament .
In Netanyahu ’s previous stint as prime minister , he showed a willingness to make concessions in dealings with Washington and the Palestinians , and he may do so again as he and the Obama administration seek common ground .
For now , it appears that Lieberman is speaking for his boss .
Advertisement
Zalman Shoval , who advises Netanyahu on foreign policy , said the prime minister also regards the Annapolis declaration as nonbinding .
Shoval said the yearlong peace talks launched at Annapolis were fruitless because they “ went straight to the core issues , ” such as borders and the status of Palestinian refugees , instead of first taking steps to build trust between the two sides .
“ That guaranteed disagreement , ” he said .
“ What we want to do is say , ‘ OK , look , let ’s move forward in stages and we are not , at this point , precluding or excluding any exact definition of what the outcome will be . ’ ”
Lieberman ’s statement “ was simply a message that this is a new government and the policy of this government is going to be different , ” said Eytan Gilboa , a political scientist at Israel ’s Bar - Ilan University .
Advertisement
“ Neither Obama nor Netanyahu is looking for a confrontation at this point , ” he said .
“ Lieberman is Lieberman .
This is what they expected from him .
He just did it in the style he likes . ”
Lieberman spoke at the Foreign Ministry during a transfer ceremony attended by his predecessor , Tzipi Livni , Israel ’s lead negotiator in the post - Annapolis talks .
She grimaced throughout his speech and afterward spoke to him privately .
“ In spite of everything that you said , there will be a two - state solution , ” she told him , according to an Israeli official who overhead the conversation and later spoke to Reuters news agency .
--
Advertisement
boudreaux@latimes.com
Desperate Tamil civilians are trying to flee to India in small boats to escape intensifying fighting between the Sri Lankan military and Tamil Tigers .
As Sri Lanka called yesterday for international help in dealing with tens of thousands fleeing fighting , the Guardian has learned that boat - loads of refugees have arrived in Tamil Nadu – and others have attempted the trip – to avoid internment in government - run camps .
Aid workers say some boats have sunk and children have been washed overboard .
Other fleeing the fighting have sailed along the coast to government - held areas .
Yesterday members of three families who made the perilous journey to India described their escape .
In all , 13 of them slipped away in the middle of the night to avoid being spotted by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam rebels , who were reportedly shooting those fleeing .
They climbed into a boat belonging to Sivachandran Sivasnanam , a fisherman from Jaffna , who had persuaded the rebels to let him to take it out fishing .
" Day by day the shelling was getting worse .
We were living in a bunker we had dug in the sand .
There was shelling coming from the army area and the LTTE was shelling from inside the zone and sometimes they would come to take the boys as recruits , " said Sinnathamby Ampumani , 48 , a teacher .
He spoke to the fisherman and decided to try to make it to India .
It was 3.30 am when Ampumani reached the shore with his family .
" We did n't take anything with us except for a few jewels and some money because if we had been seen other people would have informed on us , " he said .
As quietly as they could , they pushed off .
" We kept close to the shore for as long as we could and then headed into the open sea and turned left . "
Eventually they spotted an Indian fishing boat , which gave them food and water and pointed them in the direction of the sub continent .
Three hours later , they met a trawler .
By this time , they had been travelling for most of the day and were almost out of fuel , Ampumani said .
" The trawler said it would tow us for a few hours and finally we saw the beach .
We were so happy that we were safe . "
Siva Kumar , 26 , the brother of the boat 's owner , said they had been afraid of running into Sri Lankan naval vessels , but in the end they saw none .
" They were staying about 3 km [ 1.8 miles ] off the shore because I think they were afraid of the Tigers , " he said .
His brother , he said , had never been to India .
But he had been confident of finding his way in the dark , even without a compass .
" We knew which side was India and which was China , " he said .
Eleven of the group have been given identity cards and refugee status , but two remain under lock and key , including a young woman whose hands had been blown off in an explosion .
According to local staff , the police suspect the pair of being LTTE members .
India is separated from Sri Lanka by the Palk Strait , which is only 28 miles across at its narrowest point , and others have clearly had the same idea as Ampumani 's group .
Another boat arrived earlier this week .
Others have sailed across from Mannar and Jaffna , areas previously held by the LTTE but now in government hands .
The refugees have paid boatmen to make the crossing : one apparently handed over 20,000 Sri Lankan rupees ( about £ 120 ) .
According to aid workers , there are 117 camps in Tamil Nadu housing about 70,000 refugees .
Sooriya Kumary , from the group OFERR , which is working with Christian Aid , said the refugees were risking their lives to make the sea journey because they feared being arrested and harassed by the authorities in Sri Lanka or having their children forcibly recruited by the LTTE .
" They feel safer in India , " she said .
" The vast majority are coming by boat .
They are coming in flimsy fishing boats and it's a very dangerous crossing .
Sometimes the boats capsize .
The sea is very rough and sometimes women are not able to hold onto their children .
Sometimes they just take too many people in the boat and they sink .
Yesterday Sri Lanka called for international help in dealing with the tens of thousands of civilians fleeing the fighting in what it said was an emergency humanitarian situation .
Posted on 06 April 2009 by ShepRamsey
Harold Ramis has been doing a lot of blabbing about the upcoming third installment of Ghostbusters lately and he has n’t quit just yet .
In a recent interview with EW.com , Ramis , who co-starred in and co-wrote the original films in the eighties , implied that everybody from the original cast was back on board .
If this is true , that means that Rick Moranis will return to live - action film for the first time since Tom Arnold scared him away from the industry in 1996′s Big Bully .
What Ramis said in his interview , however , was “ Everybody said they ’d do it , ” which could mean that he was talking about only the ones who were actually Ghostbusters–himself , Bill Murray , Dan Aykroyd , and Ernie Hudson .
Moranis was never really a Ghostbuster , except for that brief moment at the end of Ghostbusters II .
If he is back , that would be the greatest thing in the world .
But I ’m not holding my breath .
Ramis also said that the script is currently being worked on by Gene Stupinsky and Lee Eisenberg , writers for TV’s The Office , who also co-wrote this summer ’s Year One with Ramis .
This worries me a little .
I ’m not a big fan of The Office ( although it certainly has its moments ) and Year One does n’t look very good at all .
But I still have faith .
Ramis went on to say , “ Even if a great script is done by the end of the summer , it would be a year before [ we could go into production ] .
It ’s a big movie .
Lots of prep . ”
Ramis said the story would be an new original concept , not based on Aykroyd ’s original idea for a third film Ghostbusters Go to Hell , which sounds awesome , if a little bit much like Bill and Ted ’s Bogus Journey .
( CNN ) -- North Korea has completed preparations for launching what it says is " an experimental communications satellite , " the reclusive nation 's state news agency reported early Saturday .
A satellite image shows a rocket sitting on its launch pad in northeast North Korea .
" The satellite will be launched soon , " KCNA reported .
How " soon " was anyone 's guess .
On Friday , President Obama reiterated that the United States strongly opposes any such launch .
" We have made it very clear to the North Koreans that their missile launch is provocative , it puts enormous strains on the Six - Party Talks and that they should stop the launch , " Obama said while on a stop in France .
Obama warned that the United States will join with its allies to take " appropriate steps " to let North Korea know it can't violate United Nations rules and get away with it .
Western nations fear that North Korea plans a ballistic missile test rather than a satellite launch , but the administration 's special envoy to the Six - Party Talks , Stephen Bosworth , said it did n't matter if the North Koreans were trying to put a satellite in space or testing a ballistic missile that could threaten Japan or the United States .
" Whether it is a satellite launch or a missile launch , in our judgment makes no difference .
It is a provocative act , " Bosworth said .
Bosworth said the United States stands ready , in the event of a launch , to participate in U.N. deliberations on new sanctions against North Korea .
A commentary carried by KCNA recently blasted critics for opposing its plans .
" This is nothing but a groundless outcry of the political philistines ignorant of any legality of the study of space for peaceful purposes , " the commentary said .
The U.S. Navy is monitoring the expected launch with at least four ships in the region around the Korean Peninsula and northern Japan , according to U.S. military officials .
The ships -- three destroyers and one cruiser -- are capable of tracking and shooting down ballistic missiles using powerful Aegis radar systems aboard each vessel .
Two ships are in the Sea of Japan , the USS Curtis Wilbur and the USS Stethem , both guided - missile destroyers .
Two other ships are on the Pacific Ocean side of Japan to monitor the missile if it flies over that nation .
Those ships are the USS Shiloh , a guided - missile cruiser and the USS Fitzgerald , another guided - missile destroyer , the officials said .
All four U.S. ships are working with Japanese naval ships in the same region that are also equipped with Aegis radar .
Watch report on launch preparations »
U.S. military officials say Pyongyang seems to still be on track to launch the missile as early as Saturday , but one official told CNN that winds strong enough to delay a launch are predicted for Saturday in the area of the launch site , in northeastern North Korea .
All About U.S. Navy • North Korea
Almost every Internet service has a terms of service outlined somewhere on its
Web site , although chances are not many people take the time to read through it .
Could something happen if you violate any of the terms ?
See more computer pictures Chris Jackson / Getty Images
For many of us , the Internet is an easy , accessible avenue for getting information and taking advantage of convenient services like online booksellers or bank accounts .
Shopping sites let us search for goods to purchase , while most banks have their own sites for customers to keep track of their money .
It can also be a source of leisure and fun .
Sites with a focus on social interaction like Facebook and MySpace let us keep in touch with friends by sending messages and sharing links .
Chances are you 've seen several videos on YouTube , and maybe you 've even uploaded some of your own content for other people to watch .
Others buy their music from iTunes and store MP3s on their computers .
Online services have been around long enough for some of them to become household names .
In fact , visiting these sites is a natural part of everyday life for most Internet users .
But have you ever had the feeling that you 're doing something wrong when you 're using one ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
­ One thing almost every legitimate Web site has , whether it 's Facebook , Hulu or Google , is what 's called the terms of service agreement , or ToS .
It 's different for every site , but , simply put , a terms of service agreement is a compact you make with a company while you use that company 's Web site .
It defines the relationship you have with the company , including a set of rules that lays out clearly what you can and can't do with the site .
So what happens if you break one of those rules ?
Complete idiot that mere idiot , dumbass , or imbecile can not adequately describe . ; however , to earn the title of twatwaffle , one must also attempt to assert authority / expertise where none is had , or use power / authority when they are offended by things that most people find humorous , and then use that authority to get the " offenders , " in trouble and the " offending material " removed .
Often , you have to go back to the past to find success in the present .
Such is true with the many musical artists around today .
With recent music awards and big record sales going to artists such as Amy Winehouse and Duffy , it ’s evident that reviving past genres can actually sound completely original and be popular among both critics and audiences .
But those two are just the tip of the revivalist iceberg .
They are included here , along with many others , who play a variety of throwback musical styles , from jazz to pop to rock to surf .
And most of whom perform original material that sounds like it ’s from a different era , rather than covers .
I should note , this is by no means a complete list , nor is it a “ best of ” list .
These are in no particular order .
In fact , if you have any additions , I look forward to discovering other artists to add to my iTunes , so please include them in the comments !
I ’ve also included other similar artists to listen for , if you ’re interested …
Enjoy !
Special thanks to Josh Pincus
Is Crying for his assistance on this list and for introducing me to many of these terrific artists .
10 April March
Thanks to Quentin Tarantino and his innate sense to cobble together kick - ass film soundtracks with obscure tunes .
April March ’s “ Chick Magnet “ ( a translation of the French pop classic “ Laisse tomber les filles ” ) was heard in his flick “ Death Proof ” and has since become a regular in ads and indie radio .
Although born in California , April ’s obsession with all things French led her to study there and draw heavily from 1960s French pop music .
Interestingly , she was an animator by trade , working on Archie Comics and Pee Wee ’s Playhouse .
As a recording artist , she did the theme song for Cartoon Network ’s I Am Weasel .
Check out “ Chick Magnet ” and “ Voo Doo Doll . ”
Other similar artists to look for : Holly Golightly ; Fabienne Delsol ; Kahimi Karie .
9 The Raveonettes
With two - part vocal harmonies reminiscent of The Everly Brothers , backed by garage - rock style fuzzy electric guitars and a big wall of sound , the Danish rock duo The Raveonettes take ‘ 50s and early ‘ 60s rock to a new level .
Sharin Foo and Sune Rose Wagner have been compared to The Velvet Underground , Jesus and Mary Chain , with a bit of Phil Spector thrown in .
Their first album , 2003 ’s Chain Gang Of Love , was produced by Richard Gottehrer who wrote the classics , “ My Boyfriend ’s Back ” and “ I Want Candy , ” so you can see how their sound came to life .
Download : That Great Love Sound ; Dead Sound ; Love In A Trashcan .
Other similar artists : Detroit Cobras ; The Duke Spirit ; Thee Headcoats ; The Forty - Fives ; Jarvis Humby ; The Come - Ons : Saturday Looks Good To Me
8 Pink Martini
Just like their name , Pink Martini is a bubbly concoction of ‘ 40s , ‘50s and ‘ 60s martini music and style .
A blend of Latin , lounge , classical and jazz , this “ little orchestra ” was formed in Portland , Oregon .
Lead singer , the gorgeous chanteuse China Forbes has a voice reminiscent of the women who sang over the airwaves during the war , and she ’s fluent in several languages .
If they come to your town , make an effort to see them live .
Their songs have been used in movies and TV shows such as Mr. and Mrs. Smith , The Sopranos , and The West Wing yet sound like they belong in the great melodramas of the ‘ 50s and ‘ 60s .
Songs to download : Let ’s Never Stop Falling In Love ; Everywhere ; Lilly .
Also listen to : Michael Buble ; Paris Combo ; Pepe & The Bottle Blondes ; Waldeck
7 Squirrel Nut Zippers
Back in the mid-1990 ’s , a swing music revival took place , partly from a smart , fun Gap commercial , and further fueled by the great movie “ Swingers . ”
This movement spawned dozens of swing bands .
One of the more original bands to emerge was Squirrel Nut Zippers ( named after a chewy nut penny candy ) .
Formed in Chapel Hill , NC by Jimbo Mathus and Katherine Whalen , among others , the band fused Delta blues , gypsy jazz , ‘30s swing and more to find a unique niche all their own .
More jazz than swing , they were nevertheless lumped in with the swing revivalists .
Their jazzy song , “ Hell ” from 1996 ’s platinum album “ Hot ” , reached # 13 on the US charts .
A couple original members still tour under the Squirrel Nut Zippers name .
Download “ Hell , ” “ Prince Nez , ” and their awesome Christmas CD , “ Christmas Caravan . ”
Other artists : Lavay Smith & Her Red Hot Skillet Lickers ; Ingrid Lucia ;
And more traditional swing bands : Big Bad Voodoo Daddy ; Atomic Fireballs ; Brian Setzer Orchestra ( Yes , from the Stray Cats )
6 Hot Clubs
Gypsy jazz , sometimes called Gypsy Swing , ( in France , it ’s called jazz manouche ) began in the 1930 ’s , when guitarist Jean “ Django ” Reinhardt put together his ensemble .
The main instruments are guitar and violin , sometimes clarinet or accordion is also included .
It ’s marked with a very upbeat jazz guitar and pizzicato plucking on the violin .
Reinhardt ’s band was Quintette du Hot Club de France , which is why so many of the revivalists use the moniker “ Hot Club . ”
There are Hot Clubs from Norway , Tokyo , New York , and numerous ones throughout Europe .
One of the top U.S. bands is Hot Club of San Francisco , hailing from guess where … and have been together for about 20 years .
Listen to : “ Tschavolo Swing . ”
Others include : Pearl Django ; Hot Club of Cowtown ( gypsy swing with a twang ) ; Stochelo Rosenberg ; and the innovative Gypsybilly .
5 Madeleine Peyroux
Constantly compared to one of her inspirations , Billie Holiday , Madeleine Peyroux also cites Patsy Cline , Edith Piaf , Leonard Cohen and Charlie Chaplin ( yes , Chaplin !
He wrote “ Smile ” and scored all his films ) as her musical influences .
With a voice as smooth as butter and beautifully rendered original songs , along with covers , the jazz singer who hails from Athens , Georgia has a serious following .
Moved to Paris at an early age with her mom , Peyroux discovered street musicians in Paris ’ Latin Quarter and joined a jazz / blues group .
Her second solo album , “ Careless Love ” contained some of her biggest hits , including “ Do n’t Wait Too Long , ” which was used in a Dockers commercial .
Peyroux is known as a very shy artist and often takes a long break between releases .
Her latest CD , “ Bare Bones ” was recently released .
Get these : Getting Some Fun Out Of Life ; Do n’t Wait Too Long ; Careless Love .
Check out : Diana Krall ; Jane Monheit
4 Wolfmother
Steppenwolf , Led Zeppelin , Deep Purple , Black Sabbath : All classic ‘ 70s stoner rock / metal , and all inspiration for Wolfmother , an Australian hard rockin’ band that definitely sound like they step out of That ‘ 70s Show .
While comparisons to those other bands are obvious , no one would put them in the same league as those rock legends , but Wolfmother has their share of both fans and detractors .
Their 2005 self - titled CD achieved them international success , winning several Australian music awards .
Download : Woman ; Dimension .
Similar sounds : The Black Angels ; Kings of Leon
3 Los Straitjackets
Maybe one of the truly American sounds is that of surf guitar .
Made famous by artists in the 1960s such as Duane Eddy , Dick Dale , Link Wray and The Ventures .
( Not The Beach Boys !!
Just listen to these artists and you ’ll see the difference )
There are a lot of surf revivalists around today , and some of the originators are still performing .
Los Straitjackets , formed in Nashville , Tennessee in the late ‘ 80s , have released over a dozen studio and live albums , featuring guitarists Eddie Angel and Danny Amis .
Their trademark is their Mexican Lucha Libre wrestling masks and Amis ’ fast , badly accented Spanish introductions to each song during their amazing live shows , which are a must - see .
Download : Hornet ’s Nest ; Casbah ; The Munster ’s Theme ( youtube clip above ) .
Other notable surf revivalists : Man Or Astro - Man ? ; Laika & The Cosmonauts ( Finland ’s finest and only surf band , recently defunct ) ; Southern Culture On The Skids ( Surf with twang that they call “ surf - a - billy ” )
2 Duffy
Heavily influenced by Motown and Dusty Springfield ( although she reportedly hates being referred to as “ the new Dusty Springfield ” ) , maybe even a little Petula Clark thrown in .
Duffy is a Welsh singer - songwriter who hit the charts in 2008 with her album Rockferry .
The songs “ Mercy ” and “ Warwick Avenue ” were huge hits in the UK , with Duffy being the first Welsh female to achieve a number one pop single in the past 25 years in the UK .
She also won a Grammy for Best Pop Vocal Album and was nominated in two other categories .
Her smooth voice , cool backup band and catchy pop melodies have won her raves .
It does n’t hurt that she ’s very easy on the eyes , and not looking to land in the tabloid headlines .
It will be interesting to see what she comes up with next .
Also listen to : Adele ; Gabriella Cilmi
1 Sharon Jones & The Dap Kings
Amy Winehouse brought it to the forefront , but Sharon Jones got the ball rolling .
Credited with starting the whole ‘ 60s / ’70s R&B / soul / funk revivalist movement , Jones and the Dap Kings play searingly real homage to the music of the era .
On songs like “ 100 Days , 100 Nights ” ( from the same titled album ) and “ What Have You Done For Me Lately ” from Dip Dappin ’
With the Dap Kings , the band really blazes , and Sharon sings with incredible raw power and authenticity .
Check out their truly original cover of “ Just Dropped In To See What Condition My Condition Was In . ”
She has no current equal in my book .
+ Amy Winehouse
Okay , say what you will about her completely misguided and abusive lifestyle , how bad she looks , and what the odds are on her in your death pool , but the girl has ( had ? ) talent .
Her second release , “ Back To Black ” in 2006 truly kicked butt , and won her five Grammys and was the best - selling album of 2007 in the UK .
( her first release was “ Frank ” in 2003 ) Great songwriting , an amazing back - up band ( The Dap Kings ) , and an incredibly intriguing voice made this ‘ 60s R&B throwback a ton of lasting power and originality .
The question is , will she ever be able to get back in the studio ?
Hopefully , she ’ll clean herself up and make a comeback .
If you ’re one of the few that does n’t own this CD , check out the title song , or “ Tears Dry On Their Own , ” or the overplayed “ Rehab ” and “ You Know I ’m No Good . ”
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama said Tuesday that Iranian leader Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's recent characterization of the Israeli government as " racist " was part of a disappointing pattern that threatens to undermine the prospect of warmer relations between Washington and Tehran .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on called Israel a " totally racist government " during a U.N. conference on Monday .
" Sadly , [ that kind of ] rhetoric is not new , " Obama said during a White House meeting with Jordan 's King Abdullah .
" This is the kind of rhetoric that we 've come to expect from President Ahmadinejad .
...
Many of the statements that [ he has ] made , particularly those directed at Israel , [ are ] appalling and objectionable . "
Obama said that Ahmadinejad 's remarks were harmful " not just with respect to the possibility of U.S. - Iranian relations , but [ to ]
Iran 's position in the world . "
Dozens of international envoys walked out during a speech by Ahmadinejad on Monday in which he accused Israel of having a " racist government " and committing genocide .
Speaking at a controversial U.N. anti-racism conference in Switzerland , the Iranian leader accused the West of making " an entire nation homeless under the pretext of Jewish suffering ... in order to establish a totally racist government in occupied Palestine . "
While criticizing Ahmadinejad 's remarks , Obama nevertheless promised to continue to pursue " tough , direct diplomacy " with the Iranian regime .
Watch Obama comment on Iranian leader 's remarks »
" Iran is a very complicated country with a lot of different power centers , " he said .
" We will continue to pursue the possibility of improved relations and a resolution to some of the critical issues in which there have been differences , particularly around the nuclear issue . "
All About Barack Obama • Iran • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Israel
I 've been by the inane decoupling of risk and reward in the financial markets over the past five years : I quit .
I spent a decade clawing my way into prominence as a financial journalist and commentator - - a television gig , books , a column in this magazine .
And the reason I quit opining about finance for a living basically boils down to disgust .
Mostly with Alan Greenspan 's pathetic desire to preserve his own reputation by flooding the globe with cheap dollars , no matter what the long - term costs .
But also with the market 's willingness to accommodate those dollars , regardless of how obvious it became that such madness was unsustainable .
When I wrote in Esquire 's October 1998 cover story that this market was going to crash and stay crashed , I mocked the idea that " Greenspan at the wheel " guaranteed an ever - strengthening of the economy .
I said " stock prices are ridiculous , " but I had no idea that our Federal Reserve chairman and the presidents who employed him and the financial institutions that were fattened by his largesse were jointly capable of such delusion .
We all have our favorite example : a friend with horrible credit who suddenly lives in a big house with a no - money - down , interest - only mortgage .
Deadbeats defaulting on their mortgages so they can make their car payments .
A homeowner besieged by his own bank -- his partner in ownership -- to take a home - equity loan that 'll boost his loan - to - value ratio to 110 percent .
A stupid business expanding so fast that it literally has stores on opposite corners ( both of which sell coffee for three times what the Pakistani guy across the street sells it for ) , because banks are begging it to take cheap cash .
And now I 'm happy .
Not that people are hurting or that retirement accounts have been massacred or that many will lose livelihoods .
No , I 'm happy about the return of a little bit of goddamn common sense .
The next treasury secretary will inherit a dramatically changed financial landscape .
He will have to resist the temptation to create regulations that slow American business to a crawl .
The idea that we can achieve reward while forbidding risk is as childish as the idea that put us in this pickle -- that all the reward had been achieved without assuming risk .
He should immediately erase the bailout safety net :
You lever your bank past the point of danger , you do n't get bailed out , you get taken over .
And prosecuted .
And the next Fed chairman , or this guy if he stays on , should be a big enough man to accept the " blame " if his tenure includes a recession .
Allowing the dust to settle from time to time -- which Greenspan lacked the courage to do -- will separate the viable ideas and reasonable expansion plans from the interest - only loans and Starbucks .
The sky is not falling .
Things are going to be fine .
This tectonic shift will probably spell the permanent end of several cherished American financial axioms .
And we 'll be better off for their demise .
Myth : Investment banks are an indispensable source of " innovation " and liquidity .
There are now no ( major ) investment banks .
And no one will miss them .
Like lawyers , these parasites basically create nothing , add no value .
And now they do n't exist .
The global financial system will survive not giving tranches of ten thousand combined mortgages from the farthest - flung sections of America .
And whoever invented these CDOs , these " collateralized debt obligations , " should . . . find meaningful work .
Myth : Home ownership is an unalloyed good .
It 's not .
Not just because it 's expensive and illiquid , but because it 's inappropriate for many kinds of people .
And I do n't mean just in a class - division way .
( Although that 's true , too , and Fannie and Freddie never should have been tasked with the social mission to " improve " the lots of poor people by saddling them with loans they could n't repay . )
I mean for economic reasons .
Fifty percent is about the maximum number of households that should ever own homes in a society .
A modern , efficient workforce needs its members to be mobile and nimble and not tethered to homes they barely own and cannot sell .
Myth : " Deregulation " caused this .
We 're so , so , so not deregulated .
The institutions that are failing are some of the most heavily regulated in the world .
Investment banks are regulated by the SEC , the Federal Trade Commission , state attorneys general , and state banking commissions .
But too many regulators are as bad as no regulators -- none of them feels responsible since a failure can be blamed on all the others .
Hedge funds are a great example .
For years , people have been crying about the wild world of hedge funds .
But hedge funds have actually held up well during this meltdown .
Effective regulations are needed and possible .
But any rush to clamp down willy - nilly will result in an even deeper freeze on liquidity and push this crisis deeper and longer .
If you 're an investment banker or a mortgage broker , yes , these will be prolonged and difficult times .
You should consider coaching Little League .
But the rest of us ?
On October 10 , I bought GE stock for $ 18.77 and Altria for $ 16.58 -- wildly profitable companies with price - earnings ratios under 10 and yields of about 7 percent .
There are great American companies paying out suddenly valuable American dollars as dividends .
I just can't cry too hard when the stock market is holding the greatest sale of my lifetime .
It 's enough to make me want to write a bullish finance column .
Ken Kurson is a contributing editor at Esquire and executive vice - president of Jamestown Associates , a political - consulting firm in Washington , D. C .
Related Links :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
" America is at that awkward stage .
It 's too late to work within the system , but too early to shoot the bastards . " -- opening lines of 101 Things To Do ' Til The Revolution by Claire Wolfe
This is the original - the underground classic from a then - unheralded writer that sold out within a month of its first printing .
Now in its updated fourth printing , 101 Things To Do Til The Revolution is still helping people liberate themselves , prepare for challenging times and monkeywrench an increasingly tyrannical system .
It 's irreverent , practical , humorous , dead serious , sassy and above all filled with useful resources for people who want to be free .
From the dedication : his book is based upon the premise that , when government turns bad , the best people ultimately become criminals .
The people do n't change ; the laws
do .
Initiative , dissent , individual pleasures and exercise of one 's basic rights become " crimes " ....
The ideal citizen of a tyrannical state is the man or woman who bows in silent obedience in exchange for the status of a well - cared - for herd animal .
Thinking people become the tyrants worst enemies .
Before their thunder roars , there is a period of anticipation , in which more occurs than the literal - minded tyrant can ever understand .
A few overt acts of sedition shatter the heavy peace .
But the greater force , unrecognized , rolls forward in near silence , as millions of individuals quietly withdraw their consent from the state .
The pundits call it apathy .
They could not be more wrong .
That time is now .
And we are those people .
This book is dedicated to you , the enemy of the state .
The Critics Criticize " The book , 101 Things To Do ' Til The Revolution is not suited for introduction into a correctional facility . " - John M. Hurley , Warden , U.S. Penitentiary , Administrative Maximum , Florence , Colorado ( Curious about the above comment ?
Click here to see how the disapproving Mr. Jailer Hurley happened to get the book . )
" Buy this book by the crate ! " - Vin Suprynowicz , syndicated columnist " This thing is going to be declared seditious and be pulled off the market .
Please send me 10 copies . " --
An Arizona attorney " Send us a copy , too ! " --
The FBI " Dear FBI : Not until we see the cash . " --
The publisher " Swell book ! " -- Jim Incollingo , a reader who said he would be honored to have ( and hoped he would not be prosecuted for having ) his extremely succinct review included here .
Illustration by David Simonds
Correction to this article
SQUADRONS of robotic machines have taken flight in recent years , ranging from unmanned aerial vehicles which patrol in Iraq and Afghanistan to experimental machines not much bigger than insects .
But it remains hard to shrink engines , batteries , mechanical actuators and control electronics to the point where they are small and light enough to fly without impairing their performance .
It would be nice , therefore , if all the on - board paraphernalia of propulsion and control could be dispensed with , leaving an unencumbered device that is still capable of directed flight .
That is exactly what Behrad Khamesee and his colleagues at the University of Waterloo , in Ontario , have managed .
They have built a micro-robot that levitates , rather like a Dalek in “ Dr Who ” .
And instead of having an old sink - plunger doubling as its arm , their robot has a useful set of grippers .
The researchers use magnetic levitation to lift their robot , which is a mere 6 mm tall .
The process , which relies on magnetic fields attracting or repelling each other , is more usually applied to large machines such as maglev trains , and then with some kind of guide rail or tether to prevent the machine from drifting too far off track .
Dr Khamesee 's robot , however , is completely untethered and can be positioned to an accuracy measured in a few thousands of a millimetre .
The drive and control mechanism is an array of electromagnets that create a three - dimensional parabolic magnetic field around the robot .
The interaction between this field and the permanent magnets from which the robot is constructed allows it to levitate .
It is held in position using the electromagnets to concentrate the field to a focal point , much as a lens focuses light , says Dr Khamesee .
By controlling the current in the array the focal point can be moved around , and with it the robot .
The position of the robot is monitored by lasers and a camera , which are connected to a computer that controls the field to keep the robot steady .
Having got their robot to levitate , the researchers wanted to make it capable of work .
Their first attempt used a set of grippers made from a “ memory ” metal , an alloy that changes shape when heated by an electric current and then returns to its original form when the current is switched off .
But the watch battery the robot needed to carry around to do this quickly ran flat , so the team switched tack .
Now , the grippers are made from a polymer whose thermal - expansion properties cause the jaws to open when part of the structure is heated with an external laser .
The jaws close when the laser is turned off and the material cools .
Dr Khamesee thinks tiny levitating robots of this sort could manipulate small components and biological samples .
Often , these manipulations are carried out in closed chambers at carefully maintained pressures and temperatures .
They can also involve hazardous materials .
By levitating inside such an environment the micro - robot would leave no footprints , so to speak , and need no connecting wires .
The team are now working on improving the robot's precision and expanding the volume in which it can operate .
They are also looking at the possibility of using the system to control even smaller robots that could be used within the body , for drug delivery or microsurgery .
Imagine opening your mouth and watching one levitate inside .
Correction : the process for lifting the robots uses magnetic attraction , as well as the magnetic repulsion to which we originally referred .
And the new grippers are made from a polymer , not a metal .
Sorry .
These corrections were made on April 24th 2009 .
A domicil needs no purpose .
It is not necessary to justify your presence at your domicile .
It is your permanent home
For jurisdictional purposes , namely the interstate commerce clause of the U.S. Constitution ( Art. I , Sec 8 , Clause 3 ) , your claim of residency of a state is used to subject you to regulation under the interstate commerce clause .
BOUVIER's LAW DICTIONARY
Sixth Edition ( 1856 )
RESIDENCE .
The place of one 's domicil .
( q. v. )
There is a difference between a man 's residence and his domicil .
He may have his domicil in Philadelphia , and still he may have a residence in New York ; for although a man can have but one domicil , he may have several residences .
A residence is generally tran - sient in its nature , it becomes a domicil when it is taken up animo manendi .
Roberts ; Ecc. R. 75 .
2. Residence is prima facie evidence of national character , but this may at all times be explained .
When it is for a special purpose and transient in its nature , it does not destroy the national character .
3 . In some cases the law requires that the residence of an officer shall be in the district in which he is required to exercise his functions .
Fixing his residence elsewhere without an intention of returning , would violate such law .
Vide the cases cited under the article Domicil ; Place of residence .
RESIDENT , international law .
A minister , according to diplomatic language , of a third order , less in dignity than an ambassador , or an envoy .
This term formerly related only to the continuance of the minister 's stay , but now it is confined to ministers of this class .
2 . The resident does not represent the prince 's person in his dignity , but only his affairs .
His representation is in reality of the same nature as that of the envoy ; hence he is often termed , as well as the envoy , a minister of the second order , thus distinguishing only two classes of public ministers , the former consisting of ambassadors who are invested with the representative character in preeminence , the latter comprising all other ministers , who do not possess that exalted character .
This is the most necessary distinction , and indeed the only essential one .
Vattel liv .
4 , c. 6 , 73 .
RESIDENT , persons .
A person coming into a place with intention to establish his domicil or permanent residence , and who in consequence actually remains there .
Time is not so essential as the intent , executed by making or beginning an actual establishment , though it be abandoned in a longer , or shorter period .
See 6 Hall 's Law Journ .
68 ; 3 Hagg. Eccl. R. 373 ; 20 John .
211 2 Pet. Ad. R. 450 ; 2 Scamm .
R. 377 .
Bouvier 's Law Dictionary
14th edition , Vol. II , page 470
Residence indicates permanency of occupation , as distinct from lodging , or boarding , or temporary occupation , but does not include so much as domicil [ sic ] , which requires an intention continued with residence .
19 Mc. 293 ; 2 Kent , Comm . 10th ed. 576 .
Blacks Law Dictionary
4th Ed. , Page 1176
" Residence " is not synonyumous with " domicile , " though the two terms are closely related ; a person may have only one legal domicile at one time , but he may have more than one residence .
Fielding v. Casualty Reciprocal Exchange , L.App. , 331 So.2d 186 , 188 .
In certain contexts the courts consider " residence " and " domicile " to be synonymous ( e.g. divorce action , Cooper v. Cooper , 269 Cal.
App.2d 6 , 74 Cal. Rptr. 439 , 441 ) ; while in others the two terms are distinguished ( e.g. venue , Fromkin v. Loehmann 's Hewlett , Inc. , 16 Misc.2d 117 , 184 N.Y.S.2d 63 , 65 ) .
What a year for corporate criminality and malfeasance !
As the Multinational Monitor compiled its annual list of the 10 Worst Corporations , it would have been easy to restrict the 2008 awardees to Wall Street firms .
But the rest of the corporate sector was not on good behavior during 2008 either , and did n’t deserve to escape justified scrutiny .
So , in keeping with the tradition of highlighting diverse forms of corporate wrongdoing , the list includes only one financial company out of the 10 worst .
Here , presented in alphabetical order , are the 10 Worst Corporations of 2008 .
AIG : Money for Nothing
There ’s surely no one party responsible for the ongoing global financial crisis .
But if you had to pick a single responsible corporation , there ’s a very strong case to make for American International Group ( AIG ) , which has already sucked up more than $ 150 billion in taxpayer support .
Through “ credit default swaps , ” AIG basically collected insurance premiums while making the ridiculous assumption that it would never pay out on a failure — let alone a collapse of the entire market it was insuring .
When reality set in , the roof caved in .
Cargill : Food Profiteers
When food prices spiked in late 2007 and through the beginning of 2008 , countries and poor consumers found themselves at the mercy of the global market and the giant trading companies that dominate it .
As hunger rose and food riots broke out around the world , Cargill saw profits soar , tallying more than $ 1 billion in the second quarter of 2008 alone .
In a competitive market , a grain - trading middleman would not make super - profits .
In fact , rising prices would crimp the middleman ’s profit margin .
But the global grain trade is not competitive , and the legal rules of the global economy — devised at the behest of Cargill and friends — ensure that poor countries will be dependent on , and at the mercy of , the global grain traders .
Chevron : “ We Ca n’t Let Little Countries Screw Around With Big Companies ”
In 2001 , Chevron swallowed up Texaco .
It was happy to absorb Texaco ’s revenue streams .
It has been less willing to take responsibility for Texaco ’s ecological and human - rights abuses .
In 1993 , 30,000 indigenous Ecuadorians filed a class- action suit in U.S. courts , alleging that over a 20 - year period Texaco had poisoned the land where they live and the waterways on which they rely , allowing billions of gallons of waste to spill and leaving hundreds of waste pits unlined and uncovered .
Chevron had the case thrown out of U.S. courts on the grounds that it should be litigated in Ecuador , closer to where the alleged harms occurred .
But now the case is going badly for Chevron in Ecuador — Chevron may be liable for more than $ 7 billion .
So , the company is lobbying the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative to impose trade sanctions on Ecuador if the Ecuadorian government does not make the case go away .
“ We ca n’t let little countries screw around with big companies like this — companies that have made big investments around the world , ” a Chevron lobbyist said to Newsweek in August .
( Chevron subsequently stated that the comments were not approved . )
CNPC : Fueling Violence in Darfur
Sudan has been able to laugh off existing and threatened sanctions for the slaughter it has perpetrated in Darfur because of the huge support it receives from China , channeled above all through the Sudanese relationship with the China National Petroleum Corp. ( CNPC ) .
“ The relationship between CNPC and Sudan is symbiotic , ” notes the Washington , D.C. - based Human Rights First in a March 2008 report , “ Investing in Tragedy . ”
“ Not only is CNPC the largest foreign investor in the Sudanese oil sector , but Sudan is CNPC ’s largest market for overseas investment . ”
Oil money may have fueled violence in Darfur .
“ The profitability of Sudan ’s oil sector has developed in close chronological step with the violence in Darfur , ” notes Human Rights First .
Constellation Energy Group : Nuclear Operators
Although it seems too dangerous , too expensive and too centralized to make sense as an energy source , nuclear power wo n’t go away , thanks to equipment makers and utilities that find ways to make the public pay and pay .
Constellation Energy Group , the operator of the Calvert Cliffs nuclear plant in Maryland — a company recently involved in a startling , partially derailed scheme to price - gouge Maryland consumers — plans to build a new reactor at Calvert Cliffs , potentially the first new reactor built in the United States since the near - meltdown at Three Mile Island in 1979 .
It has lined up to take advantage of U.S. government - guaranteed loans for new nuclear construction , available under the terms of the 2005 Energy Act .
The company acknowledges it could not proceed with construction without the government guarantee .
Dole : The Sour Taste of Pineapple
A 1988 land reform effort in the Philippines has proven to be a fraud .
Plantation owners helped to draft the law and invented ways to circumvent its alleged purpose .
Dole pineapple workers are among those paying the price .
Under the land reform , Dole ’s land was divided among its workers and others who had claims on the land prior to the pineapple giant .
Workers were then required to form labor cooperatives .
However , wealthy landlords maneuvered to gain control of these cooperatives , and then focused more on maximizing profits than providing fair wages and healthy working conditions , according to an October report by Washington , D.C. - based International Labor Rights Forum ( ILRF ) .
Dole has since slashed its regular workforce and replaced them with contract workers from these labor cooperatives .
Contract workers are paid under a quota system , and earn about $ 1.85 a day , according to ILRF .
GE : Creative Accounting
In June , former New York Times reporter David Cay Johnston reported on internal General Electric ( GE ) documents that appeared to show the company had engaged in a long - running effort to evade taxes in Brazil .
In a lengthy report in Tax Notes International , Johnston reported on a GE subsidiary ’s scheme to invoice suspiciously high sales volume for lighting equipment in lightly populated Amazon River regions of the country .
These sales would avoid the higher value added taxes ( VAT ) of urban states , where sales would be expected to be greater .
Johnston wrote that the state - level VAT at issue , based on the internal documents he reviewed , appeared to be less than $ 100 million .
But , he speculated , the overall scheme could have involved much more .
Johnston did not identify the source that gave him the internal GE documents , but GE has alleged it was a former company attorney , Adriana Koeck .
GE fired Koeck in January 2007 for what it says were “ performance reasons . ”
Imperial Sugar : 14 Dead
On Feb. 7 , 2008 , an explosion rocked the Imperial Sugar refinery in Port Wentworth , Ga. , near Savannah .
Days later , when the fire was finally extinguished and search - and - rescue operations completed , the horrible human toll was finally known : 14 dead , dozens badly burned and injured .
As with almost every industrial disaster , it turns out the tragedy was preventable .
The cause was accumulated sugar dust , which , like other forms of dust , is highly combustible .
A month after the Port Wentworth explosion , Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) inspectors investigated another Imperial Sugar plant , in Gramercy , La .
They found one - fourth - inch to 2 - inch accumulations of dust on electrical wiring and machinery .
They found as much as 48inch accumulations on workroom floors .
Imperial Sugar knew of the conditions in its plants .
It had in fact taken some measures to address its operations prior to the explosion .
The company brought in a new vice president to clean up operations in November 2007 , and he took some important measures to improve conditions .
But it was n’t enough .
The vice president told a congressional committee that top - level management had told him to tone down his demands for immediate action .
Philip Morris International : Unshackled
The old Philip Morris no longer exists .
In March , the company formally divided itself into two separate entities : Philip Morris USA , which remains a part of the parent company Altria , and Philip Morris International .
Philip Morris USA sells Marlboro and other cigarettes in the United States .
Philip Morris International tramples the rest of the world .
Philip Morris International has already signaled its initial plans to subvert the most important policies to reduce smoking and the death toll from tobacco - related disease ( now at 5 million lives a year ) .
The company has announced plans to inflict on the world an array of new products , packages and marketing efforts .
These are designed to undermine smoke - free workplace rules , defeat tobacco taxes , segment markets with specially flavored products , offer flavored cigarettes to appeal to youth and overcome marketing restrictions .
Roche : “ Saving Lives Is Not Our Business ”
The Swiss company Roche makes a range of HIV - related drugs .
One of them is enfuvirtide , sold under the brandname Fuzeon .
Fuzeon brought in $ 266 million to Roche in 2007 , though sales are declining .
Roche charges $ 25,000 a year for Fuzeon .
It does not offer a discount price for developing countries .
Like most industrialized countries , South Korea maintains a form of price controls .
The national health insurance program sets prices for medicines , and the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Family Affairs listed Fuzeon at $ 18,000 a year .
South Korea ’s per capita income is roughly half that of the United States .
Instead of providing Fuzeon at South Korea ’s listed level — and still turning a profit —
Roche refuses to make the drug available in South Korea .
South Korean activists report that the head of Roche Korea told them , “ We are not in business to save lives , but to make money .
Saving lives is not our business . ”
Yale University Press
In his 2007 book , “ The Bridge at the Edge of the World , ” James Gustave Speth argued that true ecological reform must be preceded by bedrock changes in the way human societies think about social justice , nature and the unquestioned drive toward economic growth
When the book was first published , Professor Speth , the dean of Yale University ’s School of Forestry and Environmental Studies and a co-founder of the Natural Resources Defense Council , was in a grim mood about “ market fundamentalism and anti-regulation , anti-government ideology . ”
In a telephone interview on Monday , Green Inc. found him with a more positive outlook about the future , and the potential for basic changes in the way consumers — and government — approach notions of growth and environmental stewardship .
*
The credit crunch has seriously impaired consumer spending , and the trade balance with China has changed dramatically .
When the economy recovers , how do we ensure that we do n’t revert to the kind of consumption problems you describe ?
My hope is that people will be forced by lack of resources , but come to appreciate a shift away from debt - driven , endless spending , and focusing a lot more on what ’s really important in life .
Positive psychologists tell us there ’s a strong correlation between materialism and unhappiness .
Consumerism was never as strong in Japan as it has been here , and Japanese consumerism never got back to what it was before the lost decade of slow growth .
So maybe we will “ grow up , ” in effect , out of this crisis .
It ’s one of the possible silver linings .
Do you have hope for the emergence of a green economy that produces a lot of manufacturing jobs ?
My book questions the overall growth - fetish in our society .
But it is also very strong in noting that there are many things that do need to grow .
All the industries associated with an alternative energy system for our country need to grow .
There are huge numbers of jobs that can be created with new investments in these areas .
Some have been put on hold or slowed up because of the economic crisis .
Given the urgency of the climate situation , it seems incumbent for government to not only right the economy but ensure these investments are n’t delayed .
It would be driven dramatically not only by government stimulus programs but also by putting a hefty price on carbon .
The emerging consensus on pricing carbon seems to be moving towards a cap - and - trade system similar to Europe’s .
Have we dropped the idea of the carbon tax ?
[ The carbon tax ] does n’t seem to have many supports and it does n’t seem to fit as well into the international context .
I wonder if the idea that a carbon tax is more simple and straightforward might have a lot to do with the fact that Congress has n’t turned its attention to it … as it has with the cap - and - trade approach .
We have now a 648 - page bill out of [ Representative Henry ] Waxman and [ Representative Edward ]
Markey , and it would n’t surprise me if Congress could equally complexify a carbon tax .
Take a look at the Internal Revenue code .
So I think we ’re on the right track [ with cap - and - trade ] .
But the bill needs to be toughened up .
Do you have some recommendations ?
They ’re fairly silent on this issue of the sale of the allowances .
I do worry that the near - term goal for the cap is not strong enough .
[ And ] the offset provisions in the Waxman draft seem far too generous .
Are there lessons to be learned from what happened in Europe ?
They were too generous with their permits and they did n’t sell them .
( For another perspective on this , see James Kanter ’s article in The New York Times last Wednesday , on the results of Europe ’s cap - and - trade system . )
But I dun wanna scratch him ... 's my friend
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
A 15 - year - old boy has died in Michigan after police used a Taser stun gun to subdue him , police say .
An investigation was opened and an autopsy ordered with police saying it was not clear whether Brett Elder 's death on Sunday was directly linked to the Taser incident .
A taser stun gun kills 15 - year - old boy in US .
Police said yesterday the trouble began when three police officers were summoned to quell a fight between two males at an apartment in Bay City , Michigan .
" After several attempts to defuse the situation with the subjects , one of the male subjects attempted to go after other occupants of the apartment and attempted to fight the officers , " police said .
Why I do n't love JavaScript 's Module Pattern
The Module Pattern is the use of closures to create , in essence , private functions that are only accessible by other functions created within that closure .
Functions can be attached to an object and returned outside of that function call .
This establishes a public API and only the functions defined within that public API will have access to those hidden functions .
The YUI blog documents this well but here is a simple example of the Module Pattern :
var ManageChildren = ( function ( ) { var children = [ ] ; return { add Child : function ( ) { /* add to children array */ } , removeChild : function ( ) { /* remove from children array */ } } } ) ( ) ;
In this example , the ManageChildren object will have two methods : addChild and removeChild .
From outside the wrapper function , you cannot access the children array that is defined within .
After having worked with and used this pattern for some time , I now avoid it .
Debugging
When it comes to troubleshooting a particular troublesome page , I like to crank open Firebug 's console and play around willy - nilly .
The ability to reshape objects lets me test theories before putting them into practice with real code .
It also allows me to inspect things to make sure they 're working as they should .
Going back to that example I just showed , what if you needed to determine the length of the children array ?
It 's not exposed .
Which means you have to insert logging code , or create a breakpoint .
In either case , you 're forcing a page refresh to re-execute the code .
Now imagine this code was minified and deployed to a live server .
It works locally but stopped working on a live server .
How much do you feel like trying to add logging code or breakpoints ?
( Try adding a breakpoint to minified code in Firebug . )
Avoiding the Module Pattern makes debugging easier .
Make extending easier
Another frustration I have with it is the difficulty in being able to extend that object .
You can't just add additional functions onto it because you wo n't have access to the properties defined within .
Take a look at this attempt to extend our object :
ManageChildren.getLength = function ( ) { return children.
length ; }
That wo n't work .
Neither will this.children.length , or anything else you try , because children is a variable that 's only available to any function declared within that closure .
Aspect - oriented Programming
One other trick with JavaScript that I sometimes like to take advantage of is similar to aspect - oriented programming .
While aspect - oriented programming is a deep subject , the key thing I took away from it was the ability to append code before or after a function call .
It feels like an event handler .
Here 's another fun example :
var old Child = ManageChildren.addChild ; ManageChildren.addChild = function ( ) { /* do what you need to */ old Child ( ) ; }
See what I did ?
I took the old function and replaced it with my own .
Then I proceeded to call the old function .
With the module pattern , though , I would n't have access to any of those hidden properties .
I could never actually add an element to the children array because it 's private .
JavaScript should be malleable
One of the features that attracts me to developing in JavaScript is the ability to manipulate objects so readily .
As a result , the module pattern is something I try to avoid .
Every now and then I remember how much I miss Yakko , Wakko , and Dot .
I was a huge fan of Animaniacs , and , while my favorite segment was " Pinky and the Brain , " there are some segments with the Warner brothers and the Warner sister that I still love .
It had n't occurred to me until the other day to look for the educational songs they did on the show on YouTube so I could show them to my kids .
There are four songs that I still love : " The Presidents , " " Yakko 's World , " " Wakko's America , " and " Yakko 's Universe . "
Now , I 'm quite aware that they all have slight inaccuracies — even " Yakko 's Universe , " with Pluto 's recent recategorization as a dwarf planet — owing to errors at the time they were made or things that have changed with time .
But so long as you 're aware of the problems , and most of them are pretty obvious ( like the fact that " The Presidents " ends with Bill Clinton ) , I see nothing wrong with using them as a way of making learning fun .
The only thing to be careful of is that , if you 're anything like me , the chorus to " Yakko 's Universe " will get stuck in your head for days after watching it .
You 've been warned , so here are videos of all four , one before the jump and the other three after it .
These were the best versions I could find of the many available .
Enjoy !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NC1qkLn6IRI
Five things that need to change about college basketball
Despite the rather lackluster 2009 NCAA tournament , March Madness is – historically speaking – the most exciting sporting event in the country .
Still , as I watched the games this year , I noticed that a few things need changing .
Here are my top five gripes about college basketball :
1 . No more one - and - dones .
I understand why the NBA wants an age limit , but the one - year - out - of - high - school rule is hurting the college game .
Amongst the major programs , there is little continuity season to season and it has thrown blue - chip recruiting on its head .
Some of the best coaches in the college ranks are reluctant to recruit the top players because they know they ’re just going to have a hole to fill the following summer .
Players should be able to declare for the draft directly out of high school .
But if they decide to enroll in college , they must stay a minimum of two seasons .
Typically , high schoolers that are good enough to be drafted are good enough to stick in the league .
If a high schooler enters the draft ( but does n’t hire an agent ) , he can always pull out and enroll in school if it does n’t look like he ’s going to be drafted in the first round .
This is the same rule that college players have to follow .
( And yes , I realize that this is the NBA ’s fault , but it ’s still a problem for college basketball . )
Roy , back up three feet .
Your guys will be able to hear you just fine .
2 . Get the coaches off the court .
One thing that drives me nuts about college basketball is the leeway that the officials give head coaches .
They ’re allowed to stomp around the sidelines like petulant children , throwing hissy fits anytime a call does n’t go their way .
Okay , so maybe the refs are instructed to give the coaches some slack on the proverbial leash , but that does n’t mean that head coaches should be running onto the court to shout instructions to their teams .
It seems like every game there is a near - collision between an official running downcourt and a head coach that is stepping on the sideline ( or is on the court all together ) .
I ’d like to see the official call an automatic technical if he sees the coach step on the sideline – that would clean this up really quickly .
3 . Give us more mid-majors in March Madness .
As TSR contributor Thomas Conroy put it , there just are n’t enough mid-major teams in the tournament .
This year ’s field only saw four mid-major teams get at - large bids , and this year ’s tournament was one of the least exciting in recent memory .
This is not a coincidence .
Mid-majors tend to play with a chip on their shoulders and when they make a run , it turns into a Cinderella story .
The highest seed to make the Sweet Sixteen this year was a # 12 - seeded Arizona team that had two future lottery picks on the roster .
The Wildcats underachieved the entire season , so no one was fitting them for a glass slipper .
Everyone loves a David and Goliath story , and small schools usually provide the early round drama .
Enough of the mediocre big school teams that do n’t have a winning record in conference – let ’s give more bids to the Davids .
4 . Big schools , give the mid-majors a break .
SCHEDULE THEM !
Part of the problem with the lack of bids for the mid-major schools is their inability to schedule teams from the BCS conferences .
Sure , the bigger schools will play them , but only at home , where they have a big advantage .
I propose a 2 - for - 1 trade where the two teams agree to a three - year deal .
The mid-major would play at the BCS school in the first year , the BCS school would play at the mid-major in the second year and the mid-major would travel for the third game .
The better mid-majors could even negotiate a 3 - for - 2 trade where the two teams agree to a five - year deal .
We need to see more of these mid-major / BCS matchups early in the season .
I know there ’s a basketball court here somewhere .
5. Enough with the domes already .
I get why the NCAA holds the Final Four ( and some Regionals ) in domes .
Sure , they want to be inclusive and allow as many people to see the games as possible , but it ’s more about how many tickets they can sell .
Domes were not built for basketball .
Even in its biggest form ( i.e. the NBA Finals , the Final Four ) , basketball is a pretty intimate sport .
The size of a standard NCAA court is 94 ’ by 50 ’ ( 4,700 square feet ) .
The dimensions of a football field are 360 ’ by 160 ’ ( 57,600 square feet ) .
A football field is more than twelve times the size of a basketball court .
Forget about following the game from the upper level .
It ’s like watching a couple of ants go at it in a sandbox .
Domes might have been a necessary evil 20 years ago , when the picture on the average TV set was pretty crappy , but with the advent of high definition television , why would fans go and spend $ 300 to watch the game from nosebleed seats when they can watch the game on their 50 ” plasma in HD for free ?
Sure , the North Carolina / Michigan State final had good attendance , but East Lansing is only about 90 miles from Ford Field .
It ’s going to be interesting to see what kind of crowd the next few title games are able to draw .
The NCAA should move the event back to basketball arenas .
How about the Final Four at Madison Square Garden ?
Or Staples Center ?
Let ’s create a sense of demand and exclusivity ; let ’s get some real atmosphere going .
Just as the financial crisis has created toxic assets and " zombie " financial institutions , so has it transformed conservatism into a movement of the living dead .
Its partisans cling to a now - toxic portfolio of discredited notions , rhetoric , gestures and strategies .
They lumber comically on , their only goal being to obstruct efforts to save the economy from catastrophe .
These days the zombie right is rallying around CNBC commentator Rick Santelli , who won fame last month when he railed against a rescue of the economy 's " losers . "
...
The following was recorded on the morning and early afternoon of Friday 5th October 2007 , travelling in the car of James and Dorothy Gibb Stuart , from Glasgow to the Bromsgrove 2007 Conference .
It has been transcribed by Alistair McConnachie .
PERSONAL BACKGROUND
Stephen , you ’re the Director of the American Monetary Institute and author of the most comprehensive book on monetary history ever The Lost Science of Money and we ’re looking forward to your presentations and contributions at Bromsgrove 2007 .
Let ’s start , with your background and how you got into Money Reform .
Where were you born ?
I was born in 1941 in Chicago .
What is your family background ?
My mother and father both immigrated , separately , from Italy in the 1930s , during the Great Depression , and they moved right to Chicago .
In fact they met in Chicago , but they were from close - by villages in Italy .
The area is the same area that Cicero came from , I ’m proud to say [ laughs ] , and they really did everything they could for their kids .
What was your father ’s job ?
He worked on the railroad and really was a good man and helped instil certain values in us .
My parents brought us up with a lot of love .
What was your education ?
In Chicago we had a number of wonderful Universities .
I went to the University of Chicago and studied several different subjects and finally graduated there in 1963 .
I visited Europe and like it a great deal .
I was learning French .
Really grew up , in a sense , in Europe , which was a wonderful experience .
Europe has been through two world wars and the people of Europe have learned from that in ways that we in America have yet to learn .
What did you do for a living ?
I worked in the financial area , with mutual funds and insurance and real estate in the investment world .
I ’d been associated with the investment world for decades , when I decided it was time to write the book on money .
The thing that really brought that to a head was the first Gulf War .
What happened there was that the American people were about 80 % against that first Gulf War in 1990 , even though the media was promoting it full steam .
What I realised at that point , Alistair , was that as Americans , we had lost our country .
If the people were 80 % against that war , and yet we are to go to war , and it became apparent that the Iraqis were nearly invited to attack Kuwait by our Ambassador — well , when this became known , I was just so disgusted with it .
I looked out my window one day , my apartment down in Battery Park — because I was working then in the World Trade Centre — in the commodity trading group there .
I looked out the window , and looked down Liberty Street .
It was like a canyon and it was all dark … in the shadows of the tall buildings … but at the end of Liberty Street , the sun was shining on one big white building … the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
At that instant , without words , I immediately knew it was time to write the book !
And that is when I began , that day !
I had a camera handy and I took a picture of that sunshine on the Federal Reserve Bank and you can see it in the very beginning of the book .
Wow , that ’s a great story !
Your interest in monetary reform must have been sparked prior to 1990 .
What was it that made you look into the system ?
Was it while you were working in the financial sector that you began to realise something was wrong , or did you have a family history – were your parents reformers ?
No , they were n’t , but you ’re right , there was more of a background .
From 1970 , I worked in America with a small mutual fund which was invested only in gold shares , and I introduced it to brokerage houses around the country .
In order to do that , I had to understand more about the monetary system and began to realise some of the problems .
This was back in 1970 , when the markets were going through terrible conditions .
Inflation was rampant .
People were being fired from their good paying jobs .
This was the point in time when the International Monetary Fund , the IMF , surrendered to currency speculation .
They had a choice in 1970 , 71 , 72 .
They had a choice !
They could have curbed currency speculation , which is destructive , uncalled - for and absolutely not what currencies are supposed to be used for .
A currency system essentially is set up to facilitate production , trade of real goods , and as a means of paying for that process .
To turn it into a speculative gambling house where vast amounts of currency get moved from country to country at the speed of light plus 30 seconds — electronic communications are moving at the speed of light , but it takes 30 seconds to put the phone call through — that ends up destroying the ability of currencies to carry out their true function in terms of facilitating the creation of values for living .
It turns them into engines for promoting the engines of death .
That is what currency speculation has done and the IMF had a choice .
It could have stopped it , but it did n’t lift so much as a finger to stop it .
Those decisions were made roughly in 1970 - 73 .
So , I was watching that , and understanding that the system was sick .
At the time , I thought that gold was a part of the answer .
And that reflected an immaturity in the readings in the area .
It ’s a normal thing .
People in monetary reform go through a gold phase .
Even Thomas Jefferson did that .
He went through a period where he thought gold was important but came to understand that money is a fiat of the law .
That took him about 20 years .
You have to look at the Jefferson quotes on money in their sequence and then you see their development .
Otherwise you can get Jefferson saying anything at all .
And this is a problem of using quotations as a method of investigation .
They are always out of context and the final answer to quotations can be , “ So what ! ”
When you started to examine the area , what monetary reform works did you study ?
That ’s a very good question .
Here ’s what happened .
At that point in time , about 1975 I was very fortunate to read several works by Alexander Del Mar , and he turned out to be the greatest monetary historian of all time in America .
I read those books and Del Mar understood — he also went through a precious metals phase — but eventually through reading for 30 years , he came to understand the fiat nature of money and wrote that way .
And as I was reading I realised that if Del Mar is right and all this stuff about gold is wrong then most of the monetary reformers in America are making a mistake .
I say “ reformers ” , they were not really reformers , they were interested in it , but they are what we call “ gold bugs ” , and who came to it , as I did initially , through investment … you find that a lot of the gold bugs are connected with gold coin companies , or gold shares .
They are making a mistake .
They are confusing an investment with money — something which is a good investment is no good for money because you want an investment to be going up .
You do n’t want money to be going up .
Everybody who is in debt , usually the producers , have great difficulty in paying off debts because it ends up that the debts keep increasing and they pay back more than they receive .
So I put Del Mar aside at that point , but the ideas kept operating in my mind and when I was ready to start the book I took the books by Del Mar out again and re-read them .
I thought it would take about two years because I ’d been involved in the area of finance and investments most of my career .
I thought I ’d have to read about 15 volumes to fill in the various gaps that I knew were there .
Well , Del Mar led to about 20 other excellent sources , and each of those led to another 20 good sources , and so on .
And about 800 source materials later and 12 years of reading and writing , the book was finally ready .
Had I known it would take that long , I would never have begun the project !
But what happens is that when you are in it for 2 years , well , you keep going .
When you ’ve been in it for 4 or 5 years you have 4 or 5 years of research and work in it , and then you ca n’t stop !
You have to finish it .
And that is what happened .
It took 12 years .
I did it chronologically , which was the best way of keeping track of it in my mind .
We started with the first period , then proceeded to the next and so on .
Since I did the research that way , it is also the way the book is presented .
It makes sense , much more readily that it would it you try to chop back and forth between modern period and ancient period .
At what stage of writing did you establish the AMI ?
In 1996 we realised that since the research was going to continue , it would be a good idea to put it into an institutional format , which is tax exempt , so that people who would help us would be able to deduct that from their taxes .
And so we set it up as a charitable trust .
“ We ” being , myself and our co-founder , Dr Lucienne De Wulf .
THE QUESTION OF GOLD
When you started off , you were thinking that gold was part of the solution .
When you finished , 12 years later , why had your ideas changed ?
One of the wonderful things about doing this kind of research is what you learn , and I learned that gold was not a part of the answer .
In the historical studies , you could see that gold was part of the problem that the banking establishment — we could call it the financial oligarchy , whatever form it was taking — was able to easily manipulate .
Aristotle gave us the science of money .
Del Mar gave me the keys to rediscover it .
That science was laid out by Aristotle when he summed it up in one sentence .
He said , money “ exists not by nature , but by law . ”
So he is telling us that money is not something that comes out of a mine .
It is something that comes out of society .
It is a legal power of society , and that was quite different from where I had started .
What would you say to those “ gold bugs ” who say that gold is a good investment .
For example , you hear them say “ 50 years ago one bar of gold could buy a £ 5,000 pound house .
Today , that same bar of gold will buy the same house , even though the house is now worth £ 50,000 . ”
I would say to the gold people , “ Look up the history of the price of gold because it is just not true ! ”
What we find by looking at the gold prices is that gold is extremely volatile .
I ’ve published , in the book , what happens to gold during different periods .
We have periods where gold and silver lost 80 % of their value and never recovered , for example from 1500 - 1650 , where gold was being stolen from the Central and South American Indians .
Essentially the money supply of Europe rose about 4 times and the value of gold dropped 80 % during that period .
Now some would say , “ Oh that is going way back to the 16th and 17th centuries . ”
Well , OK , lets go back to 1918 through 1926 , 27 .
We had the value of gold dropping 60 % in just a short period .
So , that was a gold inflation in the modern times .
So the gold bugs should understand that gold is volatile .
It moves up fast , it moves down fast .
Even more recently , go to 1981 .
Gold was at $ 880 an ounce .
It dropped down over a period of 15 years to $ 232 an ounce .
Gold is volatile .
Now the gold bugs try to say , “ Well , that is not really gold changing .
That ’s the dollar changing . ”
But that is crazy .
The dollar did n’t change that much .
Gold is volatile — it ’s a fact .
What do these gold bugs want ?
Do they want the currency to be tied to gold ?
They do n’t have a clear solution .
They talk about “ going back to a gold standard ” .
But we never really had that !
Even when they think there was a gold standard , it was always mixed with bank paper .
And the reason for that is demonstrated eloquently by William Hixson in his 1993 book The Triumph of the Bankers , where he shows that the production of gold does not keep up with population growth .
So if you are going to base the money system on gold , you have constant deflation , that is , constant increases in the value of money .
The problem the gold people have is that they are confusing money with wealth .
Aristotle ’s definition separates money from wealth .
If you do n’t separate money from wealth , if you define money as wealth , then the wealthy are going to control not only their own money , they are going to control the monetary system — which belongs under societal control .
It should not be controlled by particular interest groups , or cliques or so- called elites .
So , the mistake is a psychological one .
They are confusing their investments with money .
Now , to play devil ’s advocate .
Say there was a breakdown in society – the “ nuclear war ” scenario .
Paper money would become worthless .
And all these gold coins which they ’ve got buried in their back yards , and all these diamonds that they are hoarding would all become valuable , because they could be traded .
I guess you could say that , but you know what would be more valuable than gold ?
Sewing needles and practical things !
But seriously , if we get that kind of situation , well , most of us are going to be so demoralised that we are not going to go forward .
So we have to make sure that does n’t happen in the first place !
To gear one ’s thinking for disaster is not the way to proceed .
First of all , you make the disaster more probable , and palatable to yourself and secondly , that is not what man is here for — to end up in a nuclear war which wipes out civilisation !
That would make such a joke out of all human existence .
The availability of the things that people value would become almost non-existent .
You are not going to have a car because there would be no gasoline .
You are not going to live in the kind of houses that you live in today .
We have to avoid this lifeboat type of planning .
That does n’t mean you should not have a handful of gold and silver coins , just in case , but do n’t devote your life to that kind of thinking !
Some in the Muslim world want to support the idea of a Gold Dinar , as they see it as a way to combat the international globalist system .
They see a sort of refuge in gold .
If you were speaking to their leaders , what would you say to them ?
That ’s a very interesting question .
We ’ve just written a paper on that and we speak about it in our book .
Here ’s what we said to them :
It is not a solution for Islam because it wo n’t work !
There is not enough gold !
Firstly , it will create tension between Islamic countries as they struggle to grab more and more of the gold supply .
That has been one of the causes of war between Western countries in the past .
There is another reason .
The Prophet Muhammad himself instructed his followers that fiat copper coinage was to be valued as equally as gold or silver coinage when trading .
We quote that in our book in the section on Islamic monetary developments .
So , Islam ’s own traditions favour fiat money .
There is also the problem that it might end up fomenting tension with the West .
For these 3 reasons , we ’re against the idea .
To finish off talking about gold ; what do you say to those who fear that fiat currency is a license for the government to inflate the currency ?
There was the assumption that gold does n’t change , but as we ’ve shown , the value of gold changes all the time — for example , with the supply of gold , and the supply of stuff that it purchases , and with the supply of labour , and with the population .
Money should be relatively stable , but it does n’t have to be absolutely stable over time , but it should maintain its value in general .
Not in an absolute sense because the value of money can change as conditions in society change , as economics change .
The present currency system has to be changed .
It is unjust internationally , but also internally within nations , where it favours only the financial segment of society .
There are ways of avoiding inflation .
THE AMERICAN SCENE and THE FEDERAL RESERVE
Regarding the American scene , are there any prominent politicians pointing in our direction , even in a small way ?
The answer is yes , but not all of it is public .
Senator Chris Dodd is Chairman of the powerful Senate Banking Committee .
He understands the money system .
He has n’t talked about it but I know he truly understands it .
Another is Congressman Denis Kucinich who has made some monetary remarks in a recent debate indicating a desire for the government to be controlling its monetary system , and that is major progress [ see Prosperity , October 2007 at 1 ] and a third who has gotten attention on the Republican side is Congressman Ron Paul .
He is actually standing up to the Federal Reserve System .
The interesting thing is that he is addressing the causes of so many of our problems , not just the consequences .
We respect his standing up to the Fed , even though we do n’t agree with the solution he is proposing .
Is the Fed publicly or privately - owned ?
Yes and no [ laughs ] !
It is essentially privately - controlled .
To say , it is “ privately - owned ” , well , to the extent that there is any ownership , it is private .
That is , the only part which has ownership is the 12 regional Federal Reserve Banks and they are owned by the member banks according to a formula of their size .
They have to buy shares .
The shares are not traded .
The shares are very restricted , very limited .
So it is a strange kind of ownership that is attributed to the owner banks .
There is no other ownership .
Some people think there are shares of the Washington Board .
There are not .
Occasionally you see rumours , that the Fed is owned or controlled by “ the Rothchilds ” , or “ the Morgans ” , but that kind of statement really serves more to stop us examining carefully what the Fed does and how it operates .
It detracts from a careful examination of the banking system .
So , what people have to remember is that the Federal Reserve is not in the Executive branch , it is not in the Legislative branch , it is not in the Judicial branch of our government .
Those are the only 3 branches of our government .
So it is also inaccurate to say the Fed is a “ government owned ” institution .
Yes , it would be inaccurate to say that .
Granted there is an ambiguity involved — because the President appoints the Washington Board for 14 - year periods .
But once he appoints them they are out of his control for 14 years .
There is only one appointment for them .
They do n’t get a second .
And he appoints the Chairman for 4 - year periods .
So there is that ambiguity .
But you do n’t find a Ralph Nader being appointed to the Federal Reserve !
It is essentially dominated and controlled by the banking fraternity .
THE AMI REFORMS
Can you explain your reforms please ?
Our reforms are determined from historical example .
Our methodology is to look at the facts in monetary matters which are found in history .
It takes so long for a monetary system to function and make itself clear .
We have arrived at 3 major reforms .
All have to be done .
It is not a matter of doing one or two , but all three .
What they are :
The first reform is to bring the money creation process into the government .
And that is done by nationalising the Federal Reserve Banks , all twelve of them , and then of course , the Washington Board .
Only the US government would create money under that system .
We would not want to dismantle the Federal Reserve because it has a tremendous amount of knowledge which should be saved — knowledge of how much money should be in circulation at different times , even in different cities .
We have paid for that knowledge , it belongs to our country , we do n’t want to destroy that knowledge or throw it away .
That ’s the first part , nationalisation of the Federal Reserve .
Now for all those characters who tell us the Fed is already a part of our government , well then fine , they should n’t mind too much if it gets nationalised !
Secondly , the commercial banks — the private banks — will no longer be able to create money .
People think that our money is created by the government .
It is not !
It is created by the banking system when it makes loans .
We realise this money is in the form of credit that they put into our accounts .
Whenever they loan credit into an account they are essentially creating what is money in our system .
So in effect , the banking system is creating what we use for money .
Under the American Monetary Act , this is no longer allowed .
Banks have to have a full reserve for their loans in the sense that if someone has a checking account the money has to be available there all the time .
Now rather than phrasing this as a reserve requirement , we prefer to phrase this in the following way —
Banks can lend money , but they cannot re-lend credit that is deposited with them .
These first two parts are drawn from what was called the Chicago Plan , which came out of the University of Chicago during the Great Depression — these were in its better days before the University went over to the dark side of monetarism and worship of free markets .
Henry Simons was the creator of the Chicago Plan and he devised an extremely elegant solution to moving the banking system from its present condition to a condition where all the money in the system was real money and not credit — not private bank - created credit but government - created money .
And the way to do it was this .
Rather than telling the banks to get to full reserves by calling in their loans — which would be impossible because that would collapse the entire system — the government would loan newly created US money to banks , if necessary , to bring their reserves up to match 100 % of their loans , so that they had loaned real money .
This is a truly elegant way to turn all the credit that the banks created and loaned out , into real government money and it renders the banking system as a mere intermediary in that process , where they get some compensation for their work but where they are not the creators of the money .
Now , those first two parts come from the Chicago Plan and they were promoted and agreed upon by all the best economists in the land and it was expected that it would be enacted into law in the 1930s , but they did not understand the political process well enough to manage that .
The third part of the plan , we ’ve added based on our experience in the past , based on our experience with the nationalisation of the Bank of England and other developments which have occurred .
Since we have removed the power of the banking system to create money and since it is still necessary to have new money in society as population and business grow , the government would spend new money into circulation on infrastructure .
We would start with the 1.6 trillion dollars of infrastructure that the American Society of Civil Engineers says is needed to bring our infrastructure up to reasonable levels .
That would take several years .
The present rate of creation of money is about $ 800 bn a year in 2006 for example .
In addition to the hardware infrastructure , we include both health care and education as part of the infrastructure , and that means a universal availability of education dictated more by the person ’s ability to learn and study than by their ability to pay .
Universal health care , as offered by any industrialised country in the world at present !
Some people have misevaluated our plan because they do n’t read carefully enough to see what we are saying , and secondly they are trying to think of our plan in terms of today ’s situation — which will be different from the situation once our plan is enacted .
Here ’s an example .
Some people would say , “ Oh , there wo n’t be enough money if the banks are n’t making these loans .
How could money enter society ? ”
Well , here ’s how .
Let ’s remember that the government is paying for infrastructure by creating new money — not credit , but money !
They are spending it into circulation , with no interest charged .
A couple of months ago a major bridge collapsed in Minneapolis because the infrastructure of our country has deteriorated to a danger point — and it ’s not just bridges , but dams .
10,000 of our 80,000 dams are in danger of collapse according to the American Society of Civil Engineers .
So that bridge in Minneapolis needs to be reconstructed .
How would it work ?
Contractors would bid for the job in exactly the same way that they do now .
The job would go to the best contractor based on his experience , his price and the terms of the bid .
As that programme continues , that contractor gets paid by the government , and the contractor has to pay his workers and suppliers , he has to pay for the concrete , the steel , all the machines and so on .
What do these people do with the money ?
Well the workers pay their mortgages , they pay the shops , they pay their school bills — what do those people do with the money ?
Ultimately , the money created by government and spent on infrastructure , gets deposited into the banking system because that is what people do with their money , they put it in the banks .
The banks , under our system , would be in a position then , to loan that real money .
They are not loaning credit anymore , they are loaning money .
That ’s the difference , and the banks would have to attract deposits from people in order to make their loans , or they would have to attract investments from people in order to make their loans … which would become available in large amounts , since under a part of our plan , as the national debt becomes due month by month , it gets paid in new government - created money — the bonds are not rolled over — and all of that capital that ’s paid out would be available to invest — but it would no longer be used as a method of creating new credit .
It would shift the economy into reality , out of usury .
How do you define “ usury ” ?
We define usury in the classical sense , meaning the classical scholastics from about 1100 to 1500 , as the misuse of the monetary system , not simply the taking of interest , because the taking of interest , in itself , was not usury .
Jeremy Bentham has mis-defined “ usury ” as taking more interest than is normal .
Actually , in his work on it , he defined usury out of existence , which may have been his purpose .
But it is not just taking interest .
Interest was always allowed on certain conditions according to the rules of the scholastics .
It is an anti-social misuse of the monetary system .
THE GREEN MOVEMENT
Let ’s talk about the green movement .
What ’s your opinion on the trend towards localism , and while you ’re speaking on that can you also address the idea of community currencies .
I am happy to say that the Green Party in America is progressing towards monetary reform ideas .
They invited me to speak at their National Convention at Reading , Pennsylvania , on July 12th , and my talk , called , “ Greening the Dollar : Reclaiming Democratic Values Through Monetary Reform ” — which I ’ll be summarising at Bromsgrove — went over really , really well there .
Regarding localism , I have mixed feelings and it depends upon what it is for .
If it ’s localism to build community and get people away from their television sets and into local projects which are best done at the local level , then I ’m all for it .
The only caution I have is that when you have an issue which is necessarily a national issue , that whatever you can do at the local level is fine , but do n’t give up the national arena to the bad guys !
For example , in local currencies , and we talk to people trying to do local currencies , and we usually do it from a historical viewpoint — what we like about that is that they understand there is a problem with the national currency and they are trying to learn about it and do something about it and that ’s a terrific opportunity in terms of education and growing awareness of the nature of the problem and the solutions which exist .
The caution firstly is that it is very difficult to localise the currency — people can only point to “ Ithaca Hours ” and the “ Berkshires ” .
But none of these things , even if it is possible to get them to work and provide some assistance locally , will not and cannot stop the dispersal of injustice from the national level .
They do n’t in any way stop the ability of the private controllers of the national currency to go to war .
They do n’t stop the misuse of the national currency .
From that point of view , we need to be careful .
In America , as in most countries , we are used to being able to trade with each other and that requires one currency for the country .
It really is a national issue .
Now , I do n’t think any of us is thinking along the lines that there is not going to be a nation in our lifetimes and our children ’s lifetimes .
So if there is going to be a nation , there is going to be a national currency , and so why not fix it when it ’s broken !
It is broken and we know how to fix it !
It takes a bit of effort to fix it , but probably less effort than attempting to set up local currencies !
That bridge in Minneapolis , for example , ca n’t be rebuilt on local currencies .
It requires a national contribution .
Also regarding localism .
What worries me is the withdrawal of the thinking people from the national level , and even to an extent from the local level .
I watched all this begin in America .
It began as I was graduating from the University of Chicago .
We were all asked to write an essay , on , I paraphrase , “ Yes , as graduates we should participate in political matters ” or “ No , as graduates we ought to stay above the fray . ”
What I realise years later is that question should never have been asked .
Today , we have a situation , thanks to the “ hatred ” of government which has been built up and nurtured — which really came out of economics , and we detail that in our book The Lost Science of Money , how this attack on government was started by Adam Smith himself , father of economics – where some of the brightest and best are withdrawing from the national scene .
And I wonder , and this is a question , I am not putting this forward as a belief — is there some connection between some of the brightest and best going local and staying out of the national scene and the horrible things which are occurring from the various — you could even call it gangster elements — on the national scene ?
Some greens may be opposed to spending money on infrastructure .
They ’ll say , “ Oh that is just damaging the environment . ”
Excellent point !
That is a reason to have reform to our national currency , because we already have the knowledge to build 21st century infrastructure , which is sustainable , that is environmentally friendly , that gives us the kind of world we want , that helps us clean up the environment .
We cannot do it with a 20th century monetary system .
But we can do it with our monetary reforms !
STRATEGIC CONSIDERATIONS
How do you respond to someone who might say your reforms “ sound kinda socialist and we ’re not socialists in America . ”
Well , that is the word they might use .
They think they can scare me with a word .
I am not afraid of words like that .
First of all , what do they mean by that ?
To these people it is just a smear word .
I do n’t support “ socialism ” , or “ capitalism ” , or any “ ism ” .
As soon as you have an “ ism ” , you have good things mixed with bad things .
What I try to do is focus on the good things .
To try to support systems that embrace those good things .
Now , the fact is that human beings have a dual nature .
We are individuals and we are social beings , and as such we have to recognise that and recognise that there are things that we have to do individually , and things that we have to do socially as a group .
The free marketers can sometimes seem to ignore the fact that there is a need for social activity , yet they are taking advantage of the fact that it exists !
The profits they are getting can only be there so long as there is a functioning social system .
If you were making your case to Republicans how would you try to get through to them , bearing in mind that they would be coming from a generally free market position ?
That ’s a good question .
We want to be able to reach all people , and it is important to keep that as a goal .
At the same time , where it is impossible , we do n’t want to waste our energy and time .
In this case , one of the approaches that I ’d use with them is to focus on methodology .
I would point out that theories are supposed to explain and conform to the facts — and this is a problem in the type of economics which most Republicans favour , for example , the Austrian School of Economics , where one of its leading members , Ludwig Von Mises , actually tells us , more than once , that his theories cannot be disproved by mere facts !
I would point out that this is ridiculous .
I once gave a talk to a group of international philosophers from peace organisations and described some of the methodology that economists use .
I had them laughing in the aisles .
My point to them was that they have the standing — since philosophy is to determine how we know things — to decertify economics as a science pending improvements in definition and methodology .
In addition , we are not against the free market in the sense of the right meaning of the term , but what the Austrian school has done is to equate the free market with the removal of all governmental regulation and control and that is a huge and terrible error .
The truly great economists which we had in the United States from the early ’30s which included Henry Simons and others , from the University of Chicago , people who trained Milton Friedman , these people were strong supporters of a free market , but to them a free market meant that all the utilities would be government - owned .
And they strongly favoured governmental regulation for the simple reason that the only way you can ensure free markets is under that type of regulation .
Markets do not automatically monitor and guide their own freedom .
The reforms that we are advising , were actually favoured very strongly by one of the Republican icons in economics — Milton Friedman .
When this movement grows , do you think it risks being taken over by groups with a particular ideology who want to use it for their own political purposes , whatever those may be ?
Good point , and I think the answer is that there is a danger of that and so we have to be careful .
We ’ve been careful on that from the beginning .
As the AMI , we have everything coming at us one way or the other and while we can’t mind read , we look at the effects of what they are doing and we can see cases where what you have just described is happening .
We are careful not to allow them into our thinking and our programme .
Also , we have a kind of built in protection here , and it is the following .
What we have defined with our 3 - part American Monetary
Act is the 3 minimum conditions necessary to put time on the side of justice , because once time is on the side of justice , things will happen in humanity ’s favour over time , rather than against us as at present , and we can operate in a much more relaxed manner .
So , since these are the minimum actions , it is not going to be easy for anyone to talk us out of them .
The way we have formulated this is such that we are not trying to make all the changes which would be desirable and that will eventually occur once these 3 minimum actions take place .
So by limiting ourselves in that way we also protect what we are trying to do .
One area that helps us keep this process clean and good is when we get funded .
Funding is a key thing .
It gives us time to examine things more closely .
It gives us time to communicate better and it is the hardest part of what we do .
In America , some people imagine that non-profits are well - funded .
Well , some of them are , but some of the most important ones — and we are one of those — do n’t get handed a lot of funds .
We began the AMI without an endowment .
We began it with a donation from one expert money reform thinker with 150 copies of his book .
We continue so long as donations come in , so long as people are purchasing our books and research and making the effort to come to our Conferences .
Stephen , thank you !
We ’re very privileged to have the benefit of your insightful knowledge .
Thank you also for all the valuable work you ’re doing , and for writing the book .
We wish you and the AMI all the very best for the future .
Thank you Alistair for this opportunity to express some of our positions .
It is through this type of interview that people learn about us and it is deeply appreciated .
Thank you !
The Lost Science of Money is a 724 - page , profusely illustrated , fully referenced and indexed , high quality hardback .
It is available for £ 80 payable to Prosperity at the address below .
The fourth American Monetary Institute Conference will be held at Roosevelt University in Chicago , on Thursday 25th to Sunday 28th Sept 2008 .
Readers are encouraged to attend this exciting and mind - expanding event by contacting Stephen Zarlenga at :
PO Box 601 , Valatie , NY 12184 , USA ; Tel : ( USA ) 518-392-5387 ,
email : ami AT taconic DOT net
website : www.monetary.org
See also our interview with Stephen Zarlenga in the June and July 2004 issues of Prosperity which you can purchase by clicking the link below .
Purchase back issues of Alistair McConnachie ’s Prosperity money reform journal here
And here is a link to Alistair McConnachie ’s Google Profile .
You 've probably heard of Perl 6 before ; this weird new version of Perl that Larry Wall is obsessed with , and that 's being worked on since the year 2000 , and for which there 's still no real compiler .
Right ?
Well , nearly .
In 2000 the decision for a complete rewrite of the language was made , hacking on Parrot ( a virtual machine intended to run Perl 6 and other dynamic languages ) began 2001 , but hacking on Rakudo , the Perl 6 compiler on top of Parrot , began in earnest in December 2007 .
These days Rakudo is , in my humble opinion , fairly usable .
It 's not fast , and not feature complete , but it implements many neat features , and passes more than 10,000 tests today .
I 've picked a few example of what Rakudo can run today , in the hope that it will impress some Perl 5 hackers and generate more interest in Perl 6 and Rakudo .
Built - in Schwartzian Transformation
This one is not overly complicated , but very handy anyway .
If you want to sort an array case insensitively , in Perl 5 you 'd write
@a = sort { uc ( $ a ) cmp uc ( $ b ) } @a ; @a = map { $ _->[ 0 ] } sort { $ a ->[ 1 ] cmp $ b->[ 1 ] } map { [ $ _ , uc ] } @a ;
( See Schwartzian Transform for details on what this does ) .
Perl 6's sort built - in is smart enough to recognize a block that expects only one parameter , and automatically does the ST for you :
@a = @a . sort : { . uc } ;
Built - in functions do n't default to $ _ anymore , but a method call without invocant does , so the .uc is equivalent to $ _.uc .
If you want to golf , you can write that even shorter : @a = @a.sort : *.uc .
The *. method syntax automatically writes the closure for you .
Sorting Hashes
Another useful sort technique is Hash . sort .
It passes Pairs ( ie single key - to - value mappings ) to its comparison routine , making the to hash items unnecessary that you might know from Perl 5 hash sorting code .
Sorting a Hash by value , for example , is as easy as
my %leaders = USA => ' Obama ' , Germany => ' Merkel ' , France => ' Sarkozy ' ; say %leaders .
sort ( *. value ) . perl ;
Iterating made easy
Iterating arrays and hashes was never hard in Perl , but in Perl 6 a few things are even simpler than before .
Suppose you want to iterate an array , but obtain two items in each iteration .
In Perl 5 you 'd either write a C - style for loop iterating over the index in steps of two , or use List : : MoreUtils : : natatime ( if you can spell it ;-) .
But this is so much easier :
for < a b c d > -> $ x , $y { say " $x | $y " ; }
This also helps when you want to iterate over both index and values :
for < a b c > . kv -> $k , $v { say " key : $k value : $ v " ; }
The same code also works with Hashes .
Reductions
Long known to users of functional programming languages , reductions can be very easy in Perl 6 .
Instead of 1 + 2 + 3 you can write [+]
1 , 2 , 3 , where [...] is the reduction meta operator .
Some examples :
say [ +]
1 .. 5 ; say [ *]
1 .. 5 ; say [ <] @list ; say [!= ] @list ; say [ eq ] @list ;
Parametric Roles
Perl 6 comes with a fully fledged object system including roles ( pieces of behavior and data that can be composed into classes and objects ) .
Not only that , but you can also give the roles parameters , which are bound to values at composition time .
use v 6 ; role Tax [
Num $ rate ] { method pay - tax { my $ tax = $ . income * $ rate ; $ ! income -= $ tax ; say " Paying $ tax Dollars tax " ; } } class Banker { has $ .
income = 234000 ; } my $ bailout = Banker . new ( ) but Tax [ 0.90 ] ; $ bailout . pay - tax ( ) ;
( To get something similar in Perl 5 you 'd need Mooseand MooseMooseX : : Role : : Parameterized ] ) .
Parametric roles are used internally to implement typed arrays and hashes .
my Int @a = 1 , 2 , 3 ; @a [ 1 ] = 4 ; @a [ 2 ] = ' foo ' ;
The my Int @a declares an Array that 's parameterized by the type of array items , here Int .
Conclusions
These are just a few very basic examples of cool things to do with Perl 6 today .
Even more exciting are for example the regexes and grammars , about which I wo n't talk now because then I would n't finish before the end of the month ;-)
- video encodings still in process -
Score one for the good guys .
A California man is acquitted of marijuana cultivation and possession charges by a jury of his peers .
Why ?
Probably because the good people of Visalia CA .
realize that it is a border - line harmless substance , a victimless crime , and in this gentleman 's case , a source of medicinal relief .
By the way , I love how the guy weighs out all his dank at the end .
Gotta ' make sure that the cops or other agents of our wonderful criminal justice system did n't dip into his stash .
By combing through old scientific journals , medical - device companies are finding effective , but brutal treatments for common diseases that could be transformed by modern technology into safer , noninvasive procedures .
Pairing a century 's worth of surgical history of glaucoma treatment with recent advances in materials design , a California company called The Foundry developed a highly engineered device that can drain fluid out of the eye just like a nasty early - 20th - century procedure that involved cutting a hole in the eye .
Other diseases such as hypertension and emphysema may also benefit from modernization of antiquated surgical procedures , potentially opening up a lucrative market for medical - device companies .
" We first make sure we 're looking at a very big opportunity and then look at the historical record , " said Hanson Gifford , head of The Foundry , a company that invents and incubates medical devices like the new device .
" Certainly looking through the medical records is a lot cheaper than going and doing a bunch of human or animal studies . "
Unlike pharmaceuticals , which depend on complex intracellular interactions and can be very expensive to develop , medical devices sit on a rich and long history of manipulating the plumbing of the physical body .
For centuries , anatomists and physiologists have cut into cadavers , as well as live bodies , to figure out where the heart pumps blood , which nerves connect where , and how the physical materials of the body — flesh , blood , bones — act under human interventions .
They figured out a lot about the mechanics of the corpse , long before they knew anything about cells or viruses or genomes .
The Foundry 's glaucoma device is based on a treatment popularized in 1906 .
German surgeons discovered a simple solution for glaucoma — where the eyes ' lubricating liquid gets blocked , creating pressure that kills off the optic nerves :
They simply sliced open a hole in the eye to let fluid drain out .
It worked , according to the medical reports of the day .
The pain was tolerable — it only required cocaine and adrenal shots , not general anesthesia — but it left patients with a hole in the eye that could be made too big , dangerously reducing eye pressure , or that spontaneously closed up , eliminating its positive effects .
So the technique was abandoned , despite a 1930s review that found the procedure , called cyclodialysis ( .pdf ) , worked 80 percent of the time when used on the right types of glaucoma .
Now , rather than physically cutting a pathway for the fluid , a newly - designed implant could act as a tiny pipe that drains fluid out from the front of the eye .
This might solve the problems long - associated with the procedure — and a spin - off company has $ 7 million in venture capital to give it a go .
California State Journal of Medicine
May , 1907
One takes the lance in the hand as a pen , and the perforation of the sclera can be felt .
Make the opening in the sclera about two mm long .
Now introduce into this wound a small spatula such as is used for replacing the corners of the iris after iridectomy , taking care to work with spatula always pressed outward against the sclera .
When the instrument is pushed forward as far as the ligamentum pectinatum , some resistance is felt .
This is overcome slowly and then the spatula is seen to appear in the anterior chamber .
Excursions are now made to each side , so as to separate the iris widely from its basal attachment .
The spatula is now slowly withdrawn and more or less of the aqueous can be allowed to pass out as desired .
The conjunctival wound is sutured by a catgut suture and eye bandaged .
— Dr. Heine of Breslau , describing how to perform cyclodialysis to treat glaucoma
The glaucoma treatment is one of a number of old , brutal surgical procedures that have been revived or modified by new technologies and materials .
Inserting older materials into the body would create scarring or lead to infection , but increasing knowledge of what materials work best inside the body allows scientists to engineer new devices to solve old problems .
For example , Solx , another company working on a similar glaucoma treatment , uncovered a 1983 paper about a jeweler in the Indian state of West Bengal who had a piece of 22 - karat gold ( . pdf ) embedded in his eye for a decade .
For all those years , the gold did n't cause irritation in the eye , so Solx 's scientists created a shunt out of the material .
Old medical records are particularly useful , because the problems doctors are trying to solve are old , but the amount of materials , data and knowledge that humans have accumulated about their bodies has increased .
And some of these old surgeries , which had ridiculously high risk levels , probably would n't be greenlighted today .
" That ’s one of the good things about medical devices in general , " Gifford said .
" Technology rolls on but people keep getting sick from the same diseases over the ages . "
And that technology has been developing at an increasing rate since medicine started to incorporate all that anatomical and physiological knowledge with the widespread use of anesthesia in the mid-19th century and antibiotics during the
20th .
" Before anesthesia , the only thing to recommend any technique was how fast it was , because you had to be able to keep the person held down and from dying of shock , " said Sara Piasecki , the head of historical collections and archives at Oregon Health Sciences University 's History of Medicine Library .
Without antibiotics , though , even good procedures could end up being ruined by infection , so efficacy was hard to assess .
Still , human bodies have remained fundamentally the same .
So much so that in time - pressured situations , like battlefield medicine , surgery has n't changed much at all .
" We still saw off legs with a saw the way that they did back in colonial days — the way they did way back before colonial days , " said Dave Lounsbury , M.D. , a retired U.S. Army colonel and co-editor of War Surgery in Afghanistan and Iraq .
" At the risk of being brutish , though there is fancier equipment , the procedure is fundamentally the same .
Blood transfusion today in Afghanistan is identical to the way it was in World War I . "
Surgery outside trauma wards , however , has been transformed by laparoscopic and endoscopic operations carried out through small incisions and enabled by fiber optics and tiny cameras .
" They are used in virtually every kind of surgery except for plastic surgery , " said Dale Smith , chairman of the department of medical history at Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences .
" Almost everybody else is using scopes . "
One danger of looking back to previous eras of medicine , though , is that they had far different standards for what constituted good data .
Smith said that clinical - trial data collection techniques " are orders of magnitude improved . "
" Evidence - based medicine is a term that was created in the 1980s , "
Smith said .
" And medicine prior to the Second World War was really a very different activity . "
Still , Gifford 's team at The Foundry continues to find gold in the medicine of the past .
A few years ago , they were approached by a physician - inventor talking about a radically different type of treatment for hypertension , a disease which affects about a third of the adult population in the developed world .
Instead of the drugs that are currently used — and do a pretty good job for most people who can afford them — he proposed reducing the amount of nerve activity running from the kidneys to the sympathetic nervous system .
It was n't a standard treatment , but it turned out to have deep medical roots .
From the 1930s through the 1950s — before hypertension drugs became available — denervation of the area near the kidneys had successfully treated the disease .
( See box )
California and Western Medicine
October , 1936
Summary
1 . While the etiology of hypertension is unknown , the physiologic and pathologic changes characteristic of the disease have been reviewed .
2 . The sympathetic nervous system plays a large part in the control of blood pressure .
Increased sympathetic discharge or altered adrenal secretion would appear to be a large factor in the production of hypertension .
3 . Present operative attempts show promising results in a large number of cases and warrant careful study of all factors involved .
— Francis Findlay , M.D .
" We started to track down all this historical evidence and said , ' All this is really going to work , ' " Gifford said .
Of course , there were problems with the treatment .
First , the surgery was brutal , and both kidneys could n't be done at the same time .
Second , too much denervation could result in the inability of the sympathetic nervous system in the lower body to do simple things like control blood flow in the legs .
A study published this week in * * The Lancet summed up the problems with this nasty laundry list : " prolonged hospitalization , postural hypotension , syncope , impotence and even difficulty in walking . "
Perhaps , though , new technology could be used to create a kindler , gentler way of destroying nerves , without going too far .
The solution that The Foundry found is a catheter - based radio - frequency generator that is threaded up through the femoral artery and then destroys the nerves .
The Foundry created a new company , Ardian , to commercialize it , and the results of the first study using the device were in The Lancet paper .
It 's minimally invasive and seems to have fewer side effects than the old treatment .
By killing the nerves in 45 patients with " resistant " hypertension —
i.e. , they do n't respond well to drugs — the Ardian - funded team was able to lower the subjects ' blood pressure substantially for a year .
And none of the patients experienced kidney trouble or the other complications associated with the classic surgical procedure .
Michael Doumas and Stella Douma , in an accompanying commentary , call the paper " a breakthrough study , " that , though more research is necessary , provides " hope for the management of a difficult clinical condition . "
That hope is valuable , especially with millions of wealthy developed - world citizens walking around with untreated hypertension .
Last week ,
Ardian raised $ 47 million from investors including Medtronic and
Morganthaler Ventures .
While The Foundry has experienced remarkable success looking into history , there are undoubtedly more medical procedures hidden in government vaults and dusty libraries that could be mined by today 's medical - device makers .
" You can look at almost any area of surgery and find techniques that were once pioneering and commonly accepted that have since fallen by the wayside for less invasive surgeries or drug therapies , " OHSU's
Piasecki said .
With new advances in surgical procedures , stents , shunts and pumps , some of those more invasive surgeries could be made over on their way from the library to the operating room .
What might be next ?
" I have n't done any research , but there was probably a surgical intervention for erectile dysfunction before there was Viagra , "
Piasecki noted .
* Image : Otto Barkan , California Medicine , Vol. 67 , No .
*
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
The UK's Information Commissioner rejected a complaints over the internet giant 's new application Street View that critics say breaches privacy laws .
EXPRESS VIDEOS : CHECK OUT THE LATEST NEW GADGETS !
It said the service , which allows users to take a virtual scroll along Britain 's streets , does not breach the Data Protection Act .
A spokesman said removing the entire service would be “ disproportionate to the relatively small risk of privacy detriment ” .
The mapping application , which features cars , people and homes , has divided internet users across the country .
Earlier this month angry villagers in Broughton , Buckinghamshire , formed a human barrier to protect their homes from being photographed by a passing Google car with its distinctive 360 - degree camera on the roof .
" They then beat me again to the ground .
One of them held my head and beat it against the ground .
I started screaming to his senior ' See what he 's doing , see what he 's doing ' [ but ] his senior started laughing and said ' He 's doing his job ' .
Bill Moyers
PBS
April 5 , 2009
[ efoods ]
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
In order to read or download Wp Content ebook , you need to create a FREE account .
eBook includes PDF , ePub and Kindle version
Killer pig flu threat to UK :
Two people admitted to British hospital as virus which has killed 86 spreads worldwide
Pig flu virus kills up to 86 people in Mexico
Two people admitted to British hospital as ' precaution '
Eight New York City children have ' mild form ' of flu
Canada and Spain confirm first cases
10 students in New Zealand ' likely ' to be infected
Reports of possible cases in Israel and France
1,300 others thought to have been infected
U.S. President Obama 's own brush with flu
Tamiflu and Relenza both effective against the illness
Britain is on alert today as a deadly outbreak of swine flu which has claimed 86 lives in Mexico spreads around the world .
Two people who returned to Scotland from Mexico on Tuesday have been admitted to hospital as a precaution , while eight New York schoolchildren are being treated for ' a mild form ' .
Scotland 's health secretary Nicola Sturgeon later said the pair had not been in an area affected by recent outbreaks of swine influenza .
She said : ' The patients have displayed mild flu - like symptoms and their current condition is not causing concern . '
Canada has reported its first confirmed cases of swine flu on Sunday - at opposite ends of the country , with two cases in the western province of British Columbia and four in the Atlantic province of Nova Scotia .
Spain 's Health Ministry said three people who just returned from Mexico were under observation in hospitals in the northern Basque region , in southeastern Albacete and the Mediterranean port city of Valencia .
There was also a scare for U.S. President Obama after it was revealed he met and shook hands with an archaeologist who died 24 hours later of flu - like symptoms .
Outbreak : Children in Mexico
City ride a bicycle while while wearing protective masks following the spread of the swine flu virus
More than a thousand people are thought to be infected around the world , with doctors in France , New Zealand and Israel also treating people who may have contracted the illness .
However Mexican President Calderon announced this afternoon that ' most ' of the 1,300 people suspected to have swine flu in Mexico had been given a ' clean bill of health ' .
Meanwhile passengers flying in to Heathrow from Mexico were kept back on a plane for 45 minutes as while health inspectors .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said the outbreak is serious but the public should know ' it 's not a time to panic ' .
There have also been 20 confirmed outbreaks in America as the World Health Organisation warned of the possibility of a global pandemic .
81 people had been killed in Mexico , which was upped to 86 later this afternoon .
People wear masks as they pray in Mexico City 's Cathedral
Members are due to meet on Tuesday to decide if the alert level should be raised .
Today churches in heavily Catholic Mexico City stood empty after services were cancelled in the wake of the outbreak .
Hundreds of public events from concerts to sports matches throughout the country were called off to keep people from congregating and spreading the virus in large crowds .
Mexican soldiers and health workers have been patrolling airports and bus stations in search of those showing symptoms , which include a fever of more than 100 F , body aches , coughing , sore throat , respiratory congestion and in some cases , vomiting and diahorrea .
Today , New York health officials said more than 100 students at the St. Francis Preparatory School , in Queens , recently began suffering a fever , sore throat and aches and pains .
Some of their relatives also have been ill .
A police officer , wearing a surgical mask as a precaution against infection , directs traffic in downtown Mexico City
Some of the school 's students had visited Mexico on a spring break trip two weeks ago .
New York officials previously had characterised the cases as probable , but the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed that the cases were swine flu , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said .
About 100 students at St. Francis Preparatory School complained of flu - like symptoms ; further tests will determine how many of those cases are swine flu .
Bloomberg stressed that the New York cases were mild and many are recovering , but said that parents of the students also had flu symptoms , ' suggesting it is spreading person to person . '
He said that the virus likely came from Mexico , although that has not officially been determined .
' We do know that some of the students from the school had a spring break in Mexico , ' Bloomberg said , surrounded by top city officials and members of Congress .
' It is most likely to be brought back from Mexico , but nobody knows . '
Jorge Guzman is comforted by relatives after the death of his son .
The 23 - year - old is believed to have had swine flu , but was not officially diagnosed
Federal health officials said Sunday that 20 swine flu cases have been reported so far in New York , Ohio , Kansas , Texas and California .
Patients have ranged in age from 9 to over 50 .
At least two were hospitalised but all had recovered or are recovering .
New York officials said the flu strain discovered in the patients is similar to the one in Mexico , but not as severe at this point .
They are still conducting tests to investigate the strain .
St. Francis is the largest private Catholic high school in the U.S. , with 2,700 students .
Parent Jackie Casola said Sunday that her son Robert Arifo , a St. Francis sophomore , told her on Thursday that a number of children had been sent home because of illness .
On Friday , he said hardly anyone was in school .
Casola said she expected to keep her son home from school on Monday , even if it was open .
He has not shown any symptoms , but some of his friends have , she said , and she has been extra vigilant about his health .
' I must have drove him crazy , I kept taking his temperature in the middle of the night , ' she said .
In New York , state infectious - diseases , epidemiology and disaster preparedness workers have been dispatched to monitor and respond to possible flu cases .
New York City Health Commissioner Thomas Frieden said New Yorkers having trouble breathing due to an undiagnosed respiratory illness should seek treatment but should n't become overly alarmed .
Medical facilities near St. Francis
Prep have already been flooded with people overreacting to the outbreak , he said .
' The bottom line is there is an outbreak at St. Francis school and we are monitoring that outbreak very carefully , ' Bloomberg said .
In Ohio , state health officials said a 9 - year - old boy who recently traveled to Mexico on vacation with his family has a confirmed case of swine flu and is recovering at his home .
Officials do not know if the boy has the same strain linked to the deaths in Mexico , health department spokesman Robert Jennings said .
Kansas health officials said Saturday that they had confirmed swine flu in a married couple living in the central part of the state after the husband visited Mexico .
The couple , who live in Dickinson County , were not hospitalized , and the state described their illnesses as mild .
' Fortunately , the man and woman understand the gravity of the situation and are very willing to isolate themselves , ' said Dr. Jason Eberhart - Phillips , the state health officer .
Pedestrians and drivers queue on Americas International Bridge in Ciudad , after US authorities implemented checks on Mexicans who want to enter the US
At least nine swine flu cases have been reported in California and Texas .
The most recent California case , the state 's seventh , was a 35 - year - old woman from Imperial County who got sick in early April .
She had no known contact with the others .
Health officials are concerned because people appear to have no immunity to the virus , a combination of bird , swine and human influenzas .
The virus also presents itself like other swine flus , but none of the U.S. cases appear to involve direct contact with pigs , Eberhart - Phillips said .
Suspected cases have also been found in several other countries around the world .
New Zealand 's health minister says 10 students who were recently in Mexico have tested positive for influenza .
He said the cases are ' likely ' to be swine flu .
Tony Ryall has said that 13 high school students who returned from Mexico yesterday were tested for swine influenza , and 10 had positive results .
The results have been sent to the World Health Organization lab in Melbourne , Australia .
Mr Ryall said there was ' no guarantee ' the students had swine flu , but that health officials were taking precautions .
He added today that none of the patients were seriously ill and seemed to be recovering .
A group of nuns walk wearing surgical masks in the Zocalo plaza
The Spanish government today confirmed that it was also investigating three suspected cases of swine flu .
A Health Ministry spokesman said cases were being investigated in Valencia , Bilbao and Albacete , inland from Alicante in south - east Spain .
The official stressed that none of the cases had been confirmed .
It was not immediately known if any of the patients had recently visited Mexico .
French Health Ministry officials said four possible cases of swine flu are currently under investigation , including a family of three in the northern Nord region and a woman in the Paris region .
The four recently returned from Mexico .
Tests on two separate cases of suspected swine flu proved negative , they said .
Israel said a man who had recently visited Mexico had been hospitalised while authorities try to determine whether he had the disease .
Earlier , panic spread throughout Mexico , where those who died were reported to be the first victims of a pandemic with the potential to kill millions .
The new flu strain , a mixture of various swine , bird and human viruses , poses the biggest risk of a large - scale pandemic since avian flu surfaced in 1997 , killing several hundred people , and a 1968 ' Hong Kong ' flu pandemic killed about 1 million people globally .
New flu strains can spread quickly because no one has natural immunity to them and a vaccine takes months to develop .
Countries across Asia , which have had to grapple with deadly viruses like H5N1 bird flu and SARS in recent years , have snapped into action .
Airports and border checkpoints in Hong Kong , Malaysia , South Korea and Japan have been screening travellers for any flu - like symptoms .
Pigs at a farm on the outskirts of Mexico City yesterday where officials are taking measures to contain the influenza
In Egypt , health authorities were examining about 350,000 pigs being raised in Cairo and other provinces for swine flu .
Argentina has declared a health alert , requiring anyone arriving on flights from Mexico to advise if they had flu - like symptoms .
Russia imposed curbs on meat imports from Mexico , some U.S. states and the Caribbean , while the United Arab Emirates said it was considering similar action .
As well as the 86 dead – mostly aged between 25 and 45 – more than 1,300 patients were being treated in Mexico for respiratory infections that showed signs of the new strain .
The same virus type has appeared in Texas , California , Kansas and New York .
A total of 19 people have been infected , eight of whom have recovered .
Last night it was reported that President Barack Obama had met one of the possible victims earlier this month .
He was greeted on his visit to Mexico City on April 16 by archaeologist Felipe Solis , who died the following day from flu - like symptoms .
A White House spokesman confirmed yesterday that Mr Obama 's health was fine .
' The president 's trip to Mexico has not put his health in any danger , ' he said .
Barack Obama :
The President 's trip to Mexico did not put his health in danger
The President was in Mexico last week to meet with top government officials and talk about the growing problem of drug smuggling and border violence .
Mexico's health secretary , Jose Cordova , said Mr Solis had a pre-existing illness and died of pneumonia unrelated to influenza .
Tests on Saturday night also showed that eight students who fell ill at a school in New York with flu - like symptoms on Thursday and Friday also had the virus .
A US government source said ‘ hundreds ’ of Americans had been in contact with infected people and that it was now urgent that this group be tested .
There is no vaccine for the new strain , but patients who become ill with it can be treated with anti-viral drugs .
It is expected that all travel to and from Mexico will be halted and that any Britons in California , New York and Kansas will be instructed to get full medical check - ups before flying back to Europe .
Mexico ’s health secretary , Jose Angel Cordova , went on national television yesterday to issue a stark warning .
He said : ‘ This is highly contagious .
It can be fatal and it has pandemic properties . ’
He advised people to stay in their homes if possible , keep away from public places and avoid physical contact .
Mexican mounted policemen patrol in Mexico City 's historic Zocalo square
Neighbouring California has made a ' rigorous and thorough ' response to the new strain , Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said .
The BA attendant was taken from BA flight 242 to Northwick Park Hospital in Harrow and was said to be responding well to treatment .
Medics from the Heathrow Port Health Authority were waiting at the airport when the aircraft landed .
They boarded the jumbo jet and kept passengers waiting on board while they examined the steward .
Danger : Women wear surgical masks as they exit the subway
Yesterday afternoon , BA provided 30 face masks for crew on the next flight to Mexico from Heathrow .
Sources said they had bought all the masks on sale at Boots in the airport .
A cabin crew source said : ‘ BA bought 30 masks from Boots because there are concerns about the spread of this flu in Mexico .
There is no Mexico flight from Heathrow on Sunday , and we are hoping that by the time Monday ’s flight leaves London , BA will be able to find more masks so that our crew can be protected if needs be .
The same happened a while ago during the SARS outbreak . ’
A Northwick Park Hospital spokesman said : ‘ The patient was admitted directly to a side room and the hospital is scrupulously following infection control procedures to ensure there is no risk to any other individual in the hospital . ’
Mexico City canceled hundreds of public concerts , sporting events and meetings on Saturday as authorities tried to contain the outbreak
The Health Protection Agency said : ‘ We are aware of a patient admitted to a London hospital with reported travel history to Mexico .
As a precautionary measure the patient is being tested for a range of respiratory and other illnesses in line with UK health guidance .
At present there have been no confirmed cases of human swine flu anywhere in Europe . ’
World Health Organisation director - general Margaret Chan said the outbreak in Mexico involves ‘ an animal strain of the H1N1 virus ’ .
Those who died in Mexico – where the first case was confirmed on April 13 – had not been in contact with animals .
Mr Cordova said : ‘ This probably started with pigs but has now mutated to pass between humans . ’
An organ grinder , wearing surgical masks as a precaution against infection
The age of the victims last night heightened fears that the virus could be the beginning of a pandemic – most victims of the so - called Spanish flu that wiped out about 50 million people after the First World War were men and women in their prime .
Medical experts said last night that while starting like a normal flu , victims ’ temperatures soon shot to 102F , with muscle aches so painful they were almost paralysing .
The flu is also characterised by extremely painful headaches and eventually diarrhoea and vomiting .
The Mexican government began a mass immunisation programme , but abandoned it on Friday after it was acknowledged that the vaccines offered no protection against the new killer virus .
In efforts to stop the disease spreading , the authorities ordered all schools and universities across Mexico City to close until further notice .
‘ The worst thing is that you do n’t know who has this virus , ’ said Gisela Hernandez , a 34 - year - old housewife .
‘ Maybe your neighbour has got it .
Maybe the guy in the corner shop or the restaurant has it . ’
It is thought people can carry the virus for up to seven days before symptoms show .
Michael Osterholm , a pandemic flu expert at the University of Minnesota , said new cases were probably already incubating across he world .
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , pictured at NASA 's Ames Research Center yesterday , said the state is coordinating with federal and international health experts on its plan to fight the flu
Tamiflu , an antiviral drug used against bird flu , is said to be effective against the new strain .
Swine flu is a respiratory disease , normally confined to pigs .
Only a few human cases have been reported in the past , mostly among farm workers , however , flu viruses can mutate into deadly new forms .
The WHO 's pandemic alert level is currently at to phase 3 .
The organization said the level could be raised to phase 4 if the virus shows sustained ability to pass from human to human .
Phase 5 would be reached if the virus is found in at least two countries in the same region .
' The declaration of phase 5 is a strong signal that a pandemic is imminent and that the time to finalize the organization , communication , and implementation of the planned mitigation measures is short , ' WHO said .
Phase 6 would indicate a full - scale global pandemic .
Before I go into detail I must define a few things :
Hacker - is a person who heavily modifies the software or hardware of their computer system .
It includes building , rebuilding , modifying and creating software ( software cracking , demo scene ) and electronic hardware ( hardware hacking , modding ) either to make it better , faster , give added features or to make it do something it was never intended to do .
Hobby hacking originated around the MITS Altair .
Computer Hobbyist -
A person who tinkered with computers and built new hardware , operating systems and even word processors .
What ever happened to the Computer Hobbyist ?
Computer Hobbyists are still around , but they are now called Hackers .
In the 60's , 70's , 80's and even in the 90's there a group of people who lived on IRC and bulletin boards .
Apple was started by them and they had an anti-IBM sentiment .
Years later most of the " old school " computer hobbyist gave up their pursuits and they complained about the big companies and big business revolution that has taken over .
The hobby was getting too expensive to keep tinkering with computers .
Things were changing every 18 months or so and that was just too rapid for most .
This was in the period of about 1985 through 1992 when you needed to buy another desktop computer every 18 months .
Most hobbyist bailed out during that time just because it was too expensive .
The reason they havn't returned to the scene was that programming was turning into a nightmare .
It would now take a full time commitment and most programming languages needed schooling as well .
So they left the scene back around 1992 .
Sad time , but times ; they are changing .
Programming is getting easier .
Code is getting easier to write and now hackers are making modifications to hardware .
Instead of creating it , they are now modding it .
Photo by Ballistik Coffee Boy
Hackers have now taken up the slack as the computer hobbyists have fallen off .
Its the changing of the guard .
Computer Hobbyist seemed to have turn out the lights in the room and now the lights are back on and in full swing .
PC Magazine has fallen off the shelves .
They should be reinventing them selves for the new hacker sub culture thats coming into play .
Hackers these days can be found deep in their cave working on the next software modification .
They work on software and on hardware .
They are thriving and making up for lost time .
These days , hackers are known to create new startups .
These start ups will be the Apple of tomorrow .
Apple was once started as a hobby and now there are many companies forming around software and hardware innovation .
Hackers are now the innovators of software and hardware .
Look them up .
A large portion of them can be found on a site like Hacker News .
Photo by Yodel Anecdotal
So if your wondering where the last computer hobbyist went .
You do n't have to look very far .
They are the new guard and will hopefully make the old Computer Hobbyists proud .
Posted in response to Will the last Computer Hobbyist Please turn out the lights ?
If you liked this post , please be sure to subscribe to my RSS Feed .
THE full extent of the Britain 's public debt last night led to a devastating collapse in the nation 's face .
As chancellor Alistair Darling read out a series of enormous and terrifying numbers , people across the country , who until now had assumed it was not their problem , curled up into a ball and let out a faint , pathetic squeak .
Roy Hobbs , a plumber from Doncaster , said : " Oh sweet Jesus fucking Christ almighty on a tricycle . "
As Mr Hobbs stared into the bottomless chasm which had opened up beneath his feet , his wife Jane pulled her knees up to her chin and rocked back and forth while whispering : " Cold … so cold . "
In what will , surely to God , be his last Budget Mr Darling confirmed that Britain was now essentially insolvent and that the best idea might be to ease the country quietly into the middle of the Indian Ocean and leave it unlocked so that it could be stolen by Somalian pirates .
He added : " We then act all surprised and bung in a claim to the Norwich Union .
But everyone has to keep shtum . "
Mr Darling said the alternative was to gradually wind the country down over the next three weeks and then go our separate ways .
If taxpayers decide to close the country , Mr Darling said £ 2 billion would be made available to train Britain 's under 25s in how to switch everything off and cover it with a tarpaulin .
" Crafts on the Green " in Chapel Hill 's Southern Village will benefit 2 PawsUp , a Raleigh - based , non-profit animal rescue organization .
Visitors can meet adoptable pets and browse handmade crafts during this May 3 event .
By : Sarah Coppola - show organizer
End
-- Thirty local crafters will host the second annual “ Crafts on the Green at Southern Village ” May 3 from 12 to 5 pm to benefit 2 PawsUp , a Raleigh - based , non-profit animal shelter rescue organization .
The Chapel Hill craft show will feature handmade art and adorable , adoptable pets from 2 PawsUp , which travels across North Carolina primarily rescuing animals on “ death row , ” rather than taking them in from individuals .
The organization currently fosters over 50 dogs and cats in need of loving homes .
“ We are very excited to be joining forces with local artists to raise money for homeless animals , ” said Jessica Stall , President of 2 Paws Up .
“ We are a new and fresh rescue in the area , rescuing animals primarily from high kill shelters .
Being completely reliant on donations , events like this and the support of local businesses and individuals is imperative to the growth and success of our organization .
” Participating artists , all of whom share a love of pets , are uniting to sell their beautiful , handmade crafts so they can donate a portion of the show ’s proceeds to 2 Paws Up .
Visitors will be able to shop for one - of - a - kind gifts for a variety of occasions , such as Mother ’s Day , birthdays and weddings .
The participating artists , and even those who are unable to attend the Southern Village event , have donated items for 3 gift baskets to be raffled off during the show as well .
Last year ’s craft show raised over $ 700 for 2 PawsUp , which allowed them to obtain their 501c3 national non-profit status as well as pay for vet bills for newly rescued pets .
Also , during the adopt - a - thon event almost every cat and dog present received adoption applications .
According to show organizer Sarah Coppola of Indigo Arts , artists , customers and local businesses all jumped at the chance to help out homeless animals .
“ I had artists that were not able to attend the show contact me to ask how to donate artwork or money , and every business I contacted was happy to donate items for the raffle baskets .
People are passionate about animal rescue and are very supportive of 2 Paws Up ’s mission to rescue animals from high kill shelters .
It ’s a wonderful cause !
” Learn more about the craft show at http://www.2pawsupcraftshow.blogspot.com , and visit 2 PawsUp ’s website at http://www.2pawsup.org
Ten years ago , I bought myself a toy — a sparkly new Dell XPS M170 , a machine so overburdened with glitter that it glowed .
Literally :
It was bedecked with LEDs that shifted colors and pulsed with the music , if I so desired .
Such jealousy it inspired .
Ironically , I bought it because I needed the power to run Windows XP — an amusing thought in this day and age .
The old K6 - 2 I had lived on for four years was struggling with this new and weighty operating system , and I reacted in the same way most Windows users still do — I bit the bullet and bought a new machine .
A few months later I transferred it to a new owner , not because it was a problem or a nuisance , but because by that point I had discovered Linux .
I did n’t need a high - end laptop to do the things I wanted , because with Linux I suddenly had access to older , cheaper hardware again .
I was free from the power curve imposed by proprietary operating systems , and the same old K6 - 2 I had used for years was usable again .
And now a decade has passed .
The arc of my Linux experiences moved from exploration to familiarity , from familiarity to ordinary , and the ordinary to the mundane .
Over time I realized installing Ubuntu on a K6 - 2 was n’t a great idea , but there were other machines and other versions that were better suited .
Over time I resurrected quite a few Pentium - era machines with a sparse kernel and a careful choice of software .
And in the process , I learned quite a lot .
But 10 years of documenting Linux adventures is more than enough .
Thoreau left the Concord woods because he felt he had other lives to live , and I can sympathize .
At this point , I feel I ’ve spun out the thread as far as it will go , and it ’s time to seek a new adventure .
I do n’t spend enough time picking through the guts of 18 - year - old laptops , and spend too much time chasing down obscure home pages for esoteric software … and that ’s not what I ’d like to be doing .
In retrospect I wish I had been more successful in keeping this old blog up - to - date , because this is where the story began , and where it ought to have remained .
I know there was a year - long quiet spell , when I was still experimenting but was n’t publishing , so it could be said that I ’ve had my obligatory sabbatical .
Truth be told though , the “ new ” site — which is quickly approaching it ’s 30th month and its own form of immortality — just absorbed too much time .
I said a long time ago I was n’t interested in doing an app - a - day blog because it was gimmicky , but I did it anyway at the prodding of some long - time readers and because I had gifted myself a list of 400 + applications that needed pursuit .
That list burgeoned into more than 1000 , then closer to 2000 , and since then has taken on a life of its own .
But it wo n’t ever end , and that ’s the unfortunate ( fortunate ? ) truth .
There will always be another console program out there , hiding in the recesses of Github or ibiblio , and who knows ?
Maybe it ’s the killer app for the console , and we just have n’t seen it out in the light of day yet .
But more than that , my adventures with ancient hardware and minimalist software hit their apex about three years ago , when I put a 150 Mhz Pentium to work on a daily basis with Crux .
Sadly , I have n’t really seen success of that caliber since .
All those moments lost in time , like tears in the rain .
I have a half - dozen laptops in my house right now , and not one of them is of the i586 era .
My last pre-Pentium III shattered when I opened it one morning , so old and brittle was the plastic .
And unless I ’m willing to drop US $ 100 on a pair of 20 - year - old Latitudes , I ’m unlikely to see anything from that era again .
I have n’t even seen a free - ranging K6 - 2 in two or three years .
It ’s the inexorable march of time , Fitzgerald ’s sensation of being drawn back ceaselessly into the past .
The machines get older and rarer , and the cutting - edge hardware slips into the gray state of obsoleteness .
I keep one dual - core machine that I mostly use for cross-compiling , transcoding or other processor - heavy tasks , and the remainder all hail from late in the 686 generation .
That will always be the golden era of computing for me .
I know there are folks who can reach back to the Pentium generation and call that their glory days .
But for me , the advent of the Pentium 4 meant an entire crop of compatible hardware that was being discarded while still quite useful .
I can sense the next great sea change though .
The newest generation will bear the brunt of sloppy programming and grotesque dependencies as we move into the high - speed , high - bandwidth days of cloud computing and mobile handheld devices .
There ’s no need to code like a girl when gigabit connections can send garbage code over a line in a fragment of a second .
I ’ve felt that dragging sensation for the better part of a year now , and I do n’t like the direction it ’s pulling me .
Even this 12 - year - old laptop is struggling to keep apace with the monstrosity WordPress.com calls its admin pages , a monstrosity that is obviously shifting more and more toward smartphone users — fat buttons , scrolling lists with no scrollbars , enormous icons and complex overlapping page displays .
I started this hobby when it was still a task intended for a computer , and not something you did to post pictures of yourself for your friends to vote up or down while binge - watching reruns of Friends .
And so the smartphone generation reaches the age of majority , and there are hints and whispers that the classic PC is descending from its apogee .
Even the traditional laptop model is straining to stay relevant at a time when tablets and pad - type computers are all the rage .
And so long as it ’s not the latest and greatest Apple gimmick , it ’s disgustingly cheap .
A 2 - year - old dual core machine with an impressive graphics card and a 64 - bit pedigree is cheaper than a department store ultralight , and does more with Linux .
Machines that were new and fancy a half - decade ago are castoffs now , and that means the past is receding more quickly than I realize .
Soon even my beloved Pentium 4 machines — the computers I drooled over in department store windows before heading home to my rinky - dink homemade 450 Mhz Pentium II and lowly Voodoo3 card — will be impossible to find .
So it ’s time to call it quits .
At the end of the month , I ’ll lock up the shop , and I ’m content with that .
I would prefer the K.
Mandla brand name be bounded by the rise of the Pentium 4 on one end , and the dominion of mobile computing on the other .
It ’s a worthy generation to represent .
I ’m also abandoning the moniker , the K.
Mandla title that has served so well for the past decade .
It was an offhand choice and unique enough to establish an “ impress ” of sorts , and that makes me a little proud .
People still refer to this blog as a source of information and to the new one as a source of software , and the traffic between them both still reaches about 2000 visitors a day , on average days .
Not bad for honest , non-clickbait , home - grown content .
In any case , if you see someone post as “ K. Mandla ” any time in the future , it ’s not me .
The name ends here , and I can invent something new and clever for future adventures .
I do n’t plan to stop using Linux — ever .
So long as I can reach kernel.org , and I ’m not forced by some job or some regulation to use a lesser operating system , I ’ll be spending my digital days with some version of * nix .
I just wo n’t be sounding this barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world . 😉
And if this is your first visit to this site or its sister … you missed a great party !
Thanks for reading this far .
さようなら , tsamaya ka khotso , and cheers .
Be kind to one another .
We ’re all we ’ve got . …
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
April 23 , 2009
A caller into the Alex Jones Show today provided details about a possible Department of Homeland Security drill at the end of this month in Seward , Alaska , the seventh most lucrative fisheries port in the United States .
[ audio : http://www.infowars.com/media/seward.mp3]
Barbara , from Seward , Alaska , calls into the Alex Jones Show .
The caller , identifying herself as “ Barbara , ” said she had an encounter with a man from the Transportation Security Administration , an agency within the Department of Homeland Security .
The man had black and white photographs of buildings in Seward and made unusual comments about terrorism .
He also seemed confident he would see Barbara again .
Alex has received several emails from residents of Seward recently claiming the town will be locked down and a Homeland Security exercise conducted there .
Barbara and other residents of Seward believe the Department of Homeland Security is preparing a drill or exercise of some sort , based on the following events :
1 ) In November of 2008 , parents of students at the Seward High School were informed of an “ Every 15 Minutes ” event to be held at the school on April 27 and 28 .
The Every 15 Minutes Program is billed as “ emotionally charged ” event “ designed to dramatically instill teenagers with the potentially dangerous consequences of drinking alcohol , ” according to the program ’s website .
The “ Grim Reaper ” event held on school grounds is quite macabre , as literature on the site reveals :
One student is removed from class every 15 minutes .
A police officer will immediately enter the classroom to read an obituary which has been written by the “ dead ” student ’s parent ( s ) — explaining the circumstances of their classmate ’s demise and the contributions the student has made to the school and the community .
A few minutes later , the student will return to class as the “ living dead , ” complete with white face make - up , a coroner ’s tag , and a black Every 15 Minutes T - shirt .
The man from Washington D.C. gave Barbara this business card .
This “ death education ” event includes a simulated auto accident , a mock funeral service , and “ an actual trip to the morgue , the hospital emergency room , and to the police department jail for the purpose of being booked for ‘ drunk driving , ' ” according to the website .
( For more on this ghoulish event , see the “ Every 15 Minutes ” manual . )
Barbara indicated the high school will be “ locked down ” during the event , although this is not stated in the document sent to parents ( it does state that students participating in a “ retreat ” associated with the event will have meals provided and be “ chaperoned by law enforcement personnel and responsible members of the community ” ) .
2 ) Access in and out of Seward will be blocked the weekend of the 25th .
“ Road traffic between Anchorage and Seward will be blocked all weekend while the state installs temporary replacements for two older bridges on the Seward Highway , ” the Anchorage Daily News reports .
“ The Alaska Department of Transportation said that recent inspections showed the Falls Creek and nearby Ptarmigan Creek bridges need to be replaced . ”
Seward , Alaska — there is only one road leading in and out of the port town .
Barbara told Alex Jones the road in question is the only one in and out of Seward .
3 ) In May , 2007 , the final leg of Alaska Shield / Northern Edge 07 culminated in Seward .
Northern Edge 2007 was a Joint Chiefs of Staff directed , Northern Command sponsored homeland defense and Defense Support of Civil Authorities exercise , according to GlobalSecurity .
“ Hundreds of first responders , with uniforms ranging from the reflective jackets of local firefighters to military biohazard suits , were on hand at the Alaska Railroad dock to practice an integrated response to a simulated terrorist threat on a marine vessel , ” Capt .
Amy Hansen of the Joint Task Force - Alaska Public Affairs office wrote at the time .
The Seward Police Department , the FBI , and Coast Guard participated in this “ massive interagency effort ” in response to “ suspicious people ” boarding a marine vessel docked at Seward ’s port .
As Infowars reported earlier this week , the Northern Command , the Department of Homeland Security and FEMA have graduated from exercises focused on “ incident response and recovery ” to events concentrated “ exclusively on terrorism prevention and protection . ”
[ efoods ]
FEMA ’s National Level Exercise 2009 ( NLE 09 ) , to be held on July 27 through July 31 , 2009 , “ will focus on intelligence and information sharing among intelligence and law enforcement communities , and between international , federal , regional , state , tribal , local and private sector participants ” in the ‘ aftermath of a notional terrorist event outside of the United States . ”
So - called “ exercise play ” will concentrate on “ preventing subsequent efforts by the terrorists to enter the United States and carry out additional attacks . ”
Because Seward , Alaska , is located on Resurrection Bay with access to the Pacific Ocean , it would serve as an ideal candidate for Homeland Security “ exercise play ” concentrating on “ preventing subsequent efforts by … terrorists to enter the United States and carry out … attacks . ”
It is also an ideal candidate for such an operation because there is but one highway leading in and out of the town .
As we noted earlier this week , the threat of al - Qaeda or Muslim terrorism in the United States is a remote possibility at best .
In recent weeks , the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI have raised the specter of domestic terrorism carried out by “ rightwing extremists ” and this effort to stigmatize and demonize the patriot movement has been vociferously criticized and has led to a lawsuit against DHS secretary Janet Napolitano and her agency .
The presence of an employee of Homeland Security , apparently engaged in less than covert surveillance of Seward , adds credence to the assertion made by Barbara and other residents in contact with Alex Jones that a DHS exercise may indeed be in store for the port town .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Any person who has an iPhone but strictly refuses to let anyone else use it for any reason ( internet , apps , etc. )
Three new studies show that most adults have unexpectedly large and active deposits of a calorie - burning type of fat that biologists once thought disappeared after infancy .
The persistence of brown fat suggests a potential new strategy to fight obesity , which is epidemic in the United States and increasing rapidly in the developing world .
In addition to eating less and exercising more , people may one day be able to stimulate their bodies to get rid of stored energy -- in the form of ordinary fat -- purely as heat .
“ It is , in a sense , the discovery of a new organ , ” said Dr. Sven Enerback , a researcher at the University of Gothenburg in Sweden and the lead author of one of three studies appearing today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
“ This is a tissue whose sole physiological purpose is to expend energy , ” said Dr. Francesco Celi , a metabolism researcher at the National Institutes of Health , whose commentary accompanies the studies .
“ That makes it an ideal target ” for drugs or other measures designed to make it more active .
Advertisement
At the moment , however , the only safe way of activating brown fat is to stay chilly , right at the verge of shivering , for prolonged periods .
That reproduces the conditions that led to the evolution of brown fat -- namely , life - threatening cold in babies and small furry animals that ca n’t put on clothes to keep themselves warm .
Although the new research poses a difficult question -- which would you rather be , thin or warm ? -- the goal is to find a more comfortable way exploit this ancient adaptation .
The three studies add to the emerging view that brown fat is involved in the body ’s complicated energy balance and may play a role in diseases such as Type 2 diabetes that can arise when that balance is thrown off .
For example , leaner people have more detectable brown fat than overweight people .
Brown fat also appears to be more active in women than men , even though obesity is more prevalent in women .
Studies show that stimulating the production of brown fat in mice -- a species in which it is naturally plentiful -- makes them resistant to gaining weight or to developing diabetes when fed a high - calorie diet .
Advertisement
In humans , it is unclear whether brown fat is more a cause of leanness or a result of it .
--
Energy lost as heat
Virtually all cells have microscopic power plants called mitochondria , where energy sources such as sugars and fats are burned to produce a compound called ATP , the universal coin of the body ’s economy .
Brown fat cells are loaded with mitochondria , but in them the various enzymes that lead to the production of ATP are uncoupled .
The result is that the energy in the glucose and fat is lost as heat , the way the work of a car engine is lost as heat if the car is stuck in a snowbank with its tires spinning .
Advertisement
In one of the new studies , researchers at Maastricht University Medical Center in the Netherlands examined 24 young men , about half of them lean and half overweight .
Each was kept in a cool room ( 61 degrees Fahrenheit ) for two hours and then given a PET scan , which lights up any tissue that is using a lot of glucose , showing that it is highly active on a metabolic level .
After the men had been kept cold , activated brown fat deposits were seen in 23 of 24 of them .
( The one in which there was no activation was the heaviest . )
Lean men had about four times as much brown fat activity as the overweight men .
When several were retested without first being cold , there was no brown fat activity .
In a second study , the Swedish team led by Enerback kept five volunteers in a cool room for two hours and then PET - scanned them while intermittently putting one foot of each subject in an ice - water bath .
Brown fat deposits lighted up each time .
In the third study , Drs. C. Ronald Kahn and Aaron Cypess of the Joslin Diabetes Center in Boston examined PET scans performed on 1,972 patients for various reasons over a three - year period .
What appeared to be active brown fat was visible in 7.5 % of the women and 3.1 % of the men .
Advertisement
That was a much lower prevalence of detectable brown fat than was found in the other two studies .
There are a number of possible reasons .
The Boston researchers did not attempt to induce activity in the brown fat by cold exposure ( although PET scans done on days it was cold outside were more likely to light up ) .
The patients also included many elderly , overweight and diabetic patients -- all conditions in which brown fat activity is less likely .
Other studies and extrapolation from animal experiments suggest that brown fat could be responsible for as much as one - fifth of the energy we burn at rest .
Fully stimulated , the tissue might be able to burn off 10 pounds in a year .
Research published last summer by Kahn and a colleague at the Joslin Center , Dr. Yu- Hua Tseng , showed that when mice are injected with a growth factor called BMP7 , they grow more brown fat .
Kahn said he thinks ways will be found to increase brown fat in human beings “ a lot , at least in activity if not in amount . ”
Advertisement
--
A future pill ?
Enerback , the Swedish scientist , agreed that the search for a drug that stimulates brown fat “ is definitely something we should pursue . ”
He added , however , that “ I do n’t think there will ever be a pill that substitutes for a fundamental change in lifestyle in the treatment of obesity . ”
The latest findings highlight once again the extent to which obesity is a consequence of evolution .
Homo sapiens evolved in a world marked by barely enough food , constant physical activity and dangerous cold , but now lives amid abundance , leisure and warmth .
Advertisement
“ We are living in a very comfortable time , ” said Wouter van Marken Lichtenbelt , a physiologist at Maastricht University who led the Dutch study .
“ But we did not evolve in such a time . ”
--
Brown writes for the Washington Post .
During these financially dire times , it ’s always interesting to keep en eye on the sales figures of computes , to see if the downward trend is still running .
Sales figures from February analysed by NPD indicate that while Mac sales went down , sales of Windows PCs went up .
Mind , though , that these figures are US - only .
The cold hard figures are clear .
February sales in the US of Apple Macintosh computers went down 16 % , while sales of Windows - based computers went up 22 % .
In the laptop department , Apple ’s sales dropped 7 % , while Windows - based laptop sales increased by 36 % .
Netbooks play an important role here , since if you take the netbooks out of the total figures , Windows laptop sales went up “ only ” 16 % .
The figures are all year - over - year , so February 2009 is compared with February 2008 .
Desktops continued to lag behind laptop sales .
Apple ’s desktop sales dropped by a staggering 36 % , while Windows - based desktop sales declined by 10 % .
It is important to note , however , that Apple ’s recent across - the - board desktop update might reinvigorate desktop sales in March .
NPD also explained that “ demand is difficult everywhere [… ]
Even though Apple unit volumes may be challenged right now , at the end of the day , they ’re a lot more likely to be profitable than other manufacturers . ”
Apple has very decent margins on its products .
As always with statistics , there are a few important notes to take into account .
The statistics do not take direct sales from HP or Dell into account .
The figures come from Apple Stores , retailers like Best Buy , and online shopping sites like Amazon.com .
Wal - Mart is not included .
From this data , we can draw a few careful conclusions for the US market .
First of all , I think we can all agree by now that netbooks are not a fad , and that Apple not having one is having a limiting effect on its notebook sales .
We can also see , again , that desktop sales are declining and that people rather buy laptops and netbooks instead .
We can also see that Apple is taking a serious hit in sales again last month ( like January ) , however , they are still seen as in good shape mostly thanks to Apple ’s higher margins as well as the expected boost in sales in March thanks to the desktop refresh .
Push was the big buzz this past March .
That 's when Apple finally announced its long awaited push notification support for the iPhone .
Push notifications allow third parties to send instant updates to users , even when applications are n't running .
CPU - intensive and possibly battery - consuming operations are run on Web - based servers rather than on the unit itself .
For all that consumers might win from this approach , moving those operations off phones may create a huge financial burden for small developers .
Push - based services step in for any kind of program that would normally check for information updates .
For example , they might poll for new direct messages on Twitter or respond to sensors for in - home security systems .
When new information is available for a client , the server pushes that update through a remote notification system .
The notification transmits directly to a device , in Apple 's case to a phone , which has registered to receive those updates .
When a message arrives , that device can display a text alert , play a sound , or offer to launch a program in response .
According to Apple , battery life is the single biggest reason for endorsing push notification .
It lets Apple 's iPhone developer agreement disallow background processes .
Background processes , in this case , refers to letting more than one third - party application run its code at once .
Apple states that this comes at the cost of running down the battery .
Some disagree , however , saying that properly designed programs with sleeping processes remain dormant until woken , consuming no CPU resources , hence no battery drain .
Because of its fears about battery consumption , Apple has a strict " one application may run at a time " policy .
Instead , push sends computing off - device .
Performing work externally spares local CPU cycles and lets these external services produce asynchronous alerts without letting more than one third party program run at a time .
Some scaling required
The problem with push , at least from a developer point of view , is scaling .
Background computing does n't need to scale .
A backgroundable application might involve an investment in coding , figuring out how to let an application do its work without presenting a user interface , to sleep when it 's not active , and to generally be a good citizen .
But when that coding is done , the app runs on each device using the local CPU .
Should a developer deploy an extra 10,000 copies , there 's no further investment involved other than increased technical support .
Push computing does scale .
Whether you have 10,000 or 100,000 or 1,000,000 users matters .
That 's because developers must provide a service layer that handles the operations for every unit sold .
The more users supported , the greater the costs will be .
Consider that these services need to be completely reliable and that consumers will not be tolerant of extended downtimes .
For each user , a push - based service must provide the same service off - line that the user would normally have running on a phone itself , such as checking for new instant messages or looking for new stories on an RSS feed .
As the number of users increases , the load that places on a server increases proportionately .
To build a reliable fault tolerant server system like that , even with a smart cloud computing solution , puts a real burden on finances .
It demands a serious hosting setup .
Consider an application with just 10,000 users .
It might service a million uses per day , assuming update checks every 15 minutes .
More time - critical uses might demand checks every few minutes or even several times a minute .
As the computational burden builds , so do the hosting costs .
While cloud computing provides an excellent match to these kinds of needs , that kind of solution comes with a real price in development , maintenance , and day - to - day operations .
On top of reliability , add in security concerns .
Many polled services require secure credentials .
Those credentials must be uploaded to the service for remote use rather than being stored solely on the device .
Even if the service in question does not use that kind of authentication , the unique identifier that allows a service to contact a specific phone is sensitive in itself .
Should that identifier be stolen , it could let spammers send unsolicited alerts .
Any developer who enters this arena must take these possible threats seriously and provide highly secure solutions for storing and protecting information .
These concerns , when taken together , point to the fact that push notifications are serious business .
It 's likely that most small - and medium - sized development houses may completely opt out of being push providers .
Between infrastructure and security concerns , the infrastructure it will take to properly offer this kind of service may price itself out of reach for those developers .
Background processes may not be welcome to Apple and other handset manufacturers , but when looked at closely they offer a more economically sound approach for developers .
FLORES , Guatemala ( CNN ) --
In the rain forests of Central America grows the nutrient - rich Maya nut .
The marble - sized seed can be prepared to taste like mashed potatoes , chocolate or coffee .
To those who stumble upon the nuts on the ground , they 're free for the taking .
Erika Vohman 's Equilibrium
Fund teaches women how to reap the benefits of the Maya nut .
The problem , however , is that many people living in areas where the Maya nut grows abundantly do n't know about it .
Erika Vohman is trying to change that -- and improve rain forest conservation and women 's status in the process .
" People are living right there , in extreme poverty , not even eating more than one meal a day and there 's Maya nut lying all around , " Vohman said .
" They do n't eat it because they do n't know . "
Vohman has traveled to Honduras , Mexico , Guatemala , Nicaragua and El Salvador , conducting workshops that teach women how to harvest , prepare and cook or dry the prolific seeds into tasty , hearty foods .
The 45 - year - old biologist first encountered the Maya nut while visiting rural Guatemala a decade ago for an animal rescue effort .
An indigenous colleague told her of the native resource , once an essential food staple of his Mayan ancestors ; the civilization had widely cultivated the large tropical rain forest tree , the Brosimum alicastrum , that produces the Maya nut .
That colleague prepared a Maya nut soup for Vohman and she found it delicious .
Having watched impoverished Guatemalan communities clear rain forests to plant food , it struck Vohman that the key for uplifting Central American communities was to help them return to their roots .
She subsequently attended graduate school and learned how she could help these populations make the most of Maya nut -- a resource that did n't require forest destruction for planting .
In 2001 , Vohman created The Equilibrium Fund to help alleviate poverty , malnutrition and deforestation by teaching communities about their native Maya nut forests .
Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ?
Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
Far - reaching benefits of the Maya nut
With one tree able to produce as much as 400 pounds of food a year , using the Maya nut prevents rain forest clear - cutting to harvest other foods and increases populations ' food supplies .
Dried , the Maya nut can be stored for up to five years -- a lifeline for regions with frequent drought .
The Maya nut has high levels of nutrients including protein , calcium , fiber , iron and vitamins A , E , C and B .
" For some reason , people have stopped eating this food , which is one of the most nutritious foods you can get , " Vohman said .
It is also less susceptible to climate changes than the crops that had been brought in to replace it .
In the rural village of Versalles , Nicaragua , women gather and cook the Maya nuts into pancakes , cookies , salads , soup and shakes that feed their community year - round .
It is one of 700 communities so far where " The Maya Nut Revolution , " as it has come to be known , has taken hold .
Watch how the Maya nut is transforming communities in Central America »
" These women are responsible for raising the next generation , " Vohman said .
" If a woman 's not educated and does n't have access to any job opportunities , it makes it really hard .
Our workshops [ help them ] acquire the skills and knowledge to feed their families and better their lives . "
Training rural women about the Maya nut has made them champions of rain forest conservation and reforestation , as well as entrepreneurs who turn Maya nut products into income .
Training empowers women to educate others in neighboring communities , subsequently spreading the wealth .
Watch women use the Maya nut in their workshops with Vohman »
The Equilibrium Fund has taught more than 10,000 women across five countries about Maya nut for food and income .
More than 800,000 Maya nut trees have been planted for rain forest conservation .
The group has found that where the Maya nut tree disappears , 50 to 80 percent of local species are wiped out in six months to a year .
Seeing the widespread effect of her group 's endeavors keeps Vohman going .
" It 's impacting gender equality .
That 's a huge paradigm shift , " she said .
" We 're having an impact on the environment , an economic impact and also motivating reforestation .
It 's really amazing . "
Want to get involved ?
Check out The Equilibrium Fund and see how to help .
All About Nature and the Environment • Guatemala
SORRISO , Brazil ( Reuters ) - Farmers in Brazil ’s Mato Grosso , the country ’s top soy state , are shunning once - heralded , genetically modified soy varieties in favor of conventional seeds after the hi-tech type showed poor yields .
“ We ’re seeing less and less planting of GMO soy around here .
It does n’t give consistent performance , ” said Jeferson Bif , who grows soy and corn on a large 1,800 hectare farm in Ipiranga do Norte , near the key Mato Grosso soy town of Sorriso .
He said he obtained average yields of 58 bags ( 60 kg ) per hectare with conventional soy last season while fields planted with GMO soy in the same year yielded 10 bags less .
Growers began illegally using genetically modified varieties of soy even before Brazil passed a biosafety law around four years ago permitting their use , in the hope of gaining higher yields and reducing production costs .
Around half of Mato Grosso ’s soy is estimated to be genetically modified but the tide is turning against it .
Part of farmers ’ disappointment over the performance of the modified soy may stem from misunderstanding of the specific conditions in which its altered characteristics can bring rewards .
Uptake of GMO soy was fast in the state Rio Grande do Sul because of its resistance to glyphosate , which is used to kill the weeds that flourish there .
But this feature is much less useful in Mato Grosso , where weeds grow much less thickly .
Farmers in Mato Grosso also benefit from better support from cooperatives and government bodies which provide advice and technical assistance and help them maximize yields even with conventional soy .
Another reason for Mato Grosso ’s ongoing shift away from GMO - soy is that trading houses and meat processors , conscious that some consumers strive to avoid GMO foods , prefer conventional soy and will pay a premium for it .
Soy is a key component of many cattle feed products .
Alexsander Gheno , agronomist at APAgri consultancy , said GMO soy may have other uses which could indirectly boost yields .
By rotating planting of conventional soy with GMO soy , it could help break the cycle of diseases afflicting the crop .
But Gheno said the momentum that GMO crops have gained may see them chase out conventional soy in the long run , even if growers do n’t prefer the high - tech varieties .
“ Companies have been focusing their research on GMO soy more than on conventional ones .
So in 10 years we could have 100 percent of the area planted with GMO soy not because this was farmers ’ choice exactly but because development of new conventional varieties is getting scarce , ” he said .
In industrial disputes in other countries , the bosses lock the workers out .
In France , disgruntled workers lock their bosses in .
The head of the Sony corporation in France was held overnight in an electronics plant in south - west France yesterday by workers protesting against their redundancy terms .
The workers blocked exits from the factory with the trunks and branches of trees and forced the chief executive of Sony France , Serge Foucher , and the company 's head of human resources , Roland Bentz , to spend the night in a conference room .
Hostage taking ?
Industrial terrorism ?
Not in France .
The " sequestration " of bosses has been a common tactic by French workers for several years .
It is unusual , however , for the " prisoner " to be someone as senior as the national chief of a company as large as Sony .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The incident , at Pontonx - sur - l ' Adour in the Landes , south of Bordeaux , caused a stir among the international media but provoked hardly any reaction in France .
No attempt was made by the gendarmerie to break into the factory to release M. Foucher .
Relations within the factory during the night were reported by both sides to have been " good humoured " and " perfectly friendly " .
The " hostages " were released peacefully yesterday morning after Sony agreed to further talks , brokered by the local office of the employment ministry and the local prefect , or senior national government representative .
When M. Foucher emerged to enter a mini- bus to take him to the new talks , he passed through two lines of silent workers .
Sony announced in December plans to cut 8,000 jobs , or 4 per cent of its workforce , worldwide .
The cuts include the closure of the Pontonx - sur - l ' Adour factory next month with the loss of 311 jobs .
Workers representatives claim that the redundancy terms offered fall far short of severance packages previously offered to Sony workers in France .
Chantal Omiciuolo , 50 , who has worked at the factory for more than a decade , said : " Refusing to let the chief executive leave was our last chance .
We did n't have any other choice . "
Patrick Hachaguer , the factory representative for the Confédération Génerale du Travail ( CGT ) trade union , said : " We are not demanding a gold mine .
We just want to be treated exactly the same as other Sony workers in France when they were laid off . "
The factory – one of two remaining Sony plants in France – makes magnetic tape and other recording equipment .
In the most prolonged recent example of " sequestration " , two senior executives of the Kleber company , belonging to the Michelin corporation , were barricaded into a plant at Toul in Meurthe - et - Moselle for five days last year .
" Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men , " according to some old dead Greek guy who took a fatal swig of hemlock .
The latest attempt to massage our brainwaves with persuasive oratory comes from Sony Chairman Kazuo Hirai , who reportedly told CVG the Xbox 360 " lacks longevity " and that the PlayStation 3 will eventually pull ahead .
Not to be outdone , Microsoft Director of Product Management Aaron Greenberg responded in kind to The BitBag , accusing Sony of being too " comfortable , " " complacent , " and focused on " hardware specs . "
But Greenberg goes one further , really laying it down :
With a U.S. install base lead now of more than 7 million units ( according to NPD ) , I ca n’t imagine any scenario where the PS3 can catch up with us .
In fact , even if you doubled the current PS3 sales and Xbox 360 remained flat , they could n’t close the gap until 2014 .
Read that again : " Could n't close the gap until 2014 . "
Five years from now , and two past analyst predictions for when we 'll see the next round of hardware .
No one 's arguing Sony 's got its work cut out with Microsoft leading by more than 2 - to - 1 in U.S. hardware sales .
Then again , Sony 's leading 3 - to - 1 in Japan , and they 're right behind Microsoft in cumulative system sales everywhere else .
The question is , what happens if Sony drops the PS3's price by $ 100 in the near term ?
Would a $ 300 game machine with Blu-ray to boot and exclusives like God of War III , Gran Turismo 5 , Heavy Rain , inFamous , MAG , Uncharted 2 , and DC Universe Online tip your hand ?
Matt Peckham thinks it 's all about sharing the love .
You can share some too at twitter.com / game_on .
QR Code Link to This Post
It was a late night alone at my parents ’ house in the city ; the sounds of life were passing me by on the street below .
The parents were gone for the weekend and with no brothers and sisters around I had the domicile all to my self .
Needless to say for a 16 year old boy this was self reflection time , so I excitedly settled into the couch with a bag of popcorn and no pants .
Watching the illegal adult cable channels on the big screen TV is a treat that no teenager should be spared .
After a few hours of being bored by the endless flawed attempts by second rate actors at trying to weave a plot around gratuitous hump shots , and one liners :
“ You take my breath away … ” giggles the leggy silicone blonde , “ Baby , you take my CUM away . ” groans the waaay too hairy balding fat man , I decided that a bit of kink would cure the mind numbing insults to intelligence that “ Backdoor Brides ” and “ MUNCH - kins ” had inflicted so I decided to go to the bathroom to see what props I could find for the demented drama I was about to produce .
Opening the medicine cabinet revealed a variety of enticements , but the tube of icy hot beckoned me with thoughts of tingling cool and hot sensations on my most sensitive parts .
Ooohhh .
I squeezed out a pea sized portion of the balm onto my palm , and it tingled politely on my hand , promising more sumptuous sensations later .
I rubbed it onto my cock and the sensation was like nothing I have ever felt .
It was a glimpse of heaven , if I may be so bold .
It was simultaneously hot and cold , my consciousness vacillating between the feeling of being under a blanket on a cold winters night next to a crackling fireplace and being on a tropical beach , margarita in hand with a warm tropical breeze gusting the small beads of sweat off of my naked body .
It rocked me back and fourth between these two sensations , slowly , gently , so that the sensation made me throb in ecstasy .
My hand was completely still , just holding the product against my penis , in a state of bliss , rocking back and fourth .
The tempo of the gentle swaying between worlds of island sum and crackling fires slowly increased , the fire in the hearth making a growl and the island breeze knocking the glass over on its wooden table .
Then the tempo increased again .
And again .
And again .
Pretty soon the intensity was gaining momentum , and the icy started to feel a little like the inside of a refrigerator ( the meatal parts ) and the hot began to feel like sitting on the hood of a black car , or lying naked in a driveway in the dead heat of an Arizona summer .
Naughty !
I expected the intensity of icy to hot , hot to icy to plateau at some point , but it just kept picking up steam , snowballing down the sand dunes of ancient Persia .
Pretty soon I started to get nervous , and break into a sweat !
Holy shit !
This crap is burning !
Hotter and hotter , colder and colder until I could no longer take the pain , my crotch was being seared by red hot branding irons and dunked into liquid nitrogen at a rate unmeasured by scientists .
Unable to take the excruciating pain any longer I jumped into the shower and turned the water on full blast .
But which faucet to turn , the hot only burned more and the cold only froze !
I was in quite a fix !
In a panic I dumped one bottle of jergens body wash , two hotel bottles of shampoo , some baby oil , some vo5 hot oil , 1 econo size bottle of pert plus , and some shaving cream with aloe vera onto my abused boyhood , and somehow this magical con-cock - tion saved the day .
The momentum began to slow down , the luke warm water rinsed the foul tincture away from my red man-bits and the drain emptied my tortures away to the nearest wastewater treatment plant where the solution undoubtably turned into some foul pain - spawn of evil burbling proportions that would later wreak havoc on Chinatown , only to be defeated by Godzilla or an oversized Mr.T.
Do not jerk off with icy hot .
Ehi , amici !
Non fatemi mica gli stracattolici piagnotti , per cortesia .
Non bisogna mai dar troppa corda al destino , senno ' quello si monta la testa e crede davvero di poter fare quel che più gli aggrada , il birichino .
Il che non è mai detto .
Né detta è mai l'ultima parola .
Si vedrà ...
Chi vivrà vedrà , hahà :-)
Se / quando la morte poi arriva , la si guarda in faccia alteri , per farle capire che non si ha paura , come si fa da che mondo è mondo con le pantere ( e con le zanzare ) .
Darsi un contegno , suvvia : " Maristella , non dar troppa corda a quel signore ! "
E via , via , son cose che succedono a tutti prima o poi ( con rare eccezioni , storicamente alquanto dubbie ) : tout passe , tout casse , tout lasse .
E poi chissà : l'ultima frontiera ?
Magari è interessante , certamente sarà assai poco banale .
Ricordate dov'eravamo prima di venire al mondo ?
Li ' , proprio li ' torneremo , voilà .
Tutto quel grigio : un posto calmo , quite cosy .
Questo , l'adesso , è solo uno starnuto tra due eternità , probabilmente dovuto ad eccessive dosi di pepe :-)
Immagino inoltre che dandosi un universo infinito e un tempo infinito ( se infiniti poi davvero sono ) si possa comunque verificare - grazie alla matematica delle probabilità - una qualche forma di metempsicosi su scala plurigalattica : un lungo sonno senza sogni , e poi - zac !- la medesima -o pressoché - composizione di neuroni ecco che si ripropone , deus ex machina , e si va ad affrontare magari un altro round di reversing in un'altra , differente , concomitanza d'eventi .
Grazie a dio senza ricordi ( altrimenti sai che noia alla lunga ) , ma sempre come alle giostre : " altro giro , altra corsa " , sperando il prossimo giro avvenga su di un pianeta con meno imbecilli .
Nel frattempo , carpe diem !
Godiamocela : beviamo e leggiamo e giochiamo e studiamo e fotografiamo e scriviamo e cantiamo e passiamo lunghe serate a guardar le stelle , se possibile circondati di amici ed amori .
Sempre beninteso " ridendo in faccia a monna morte ed al destino " , come dicevano quei minchioni dei futuristi sfiorando " le onde nere sulle torrette fiere nella fitta oscurità " andandosene " pel vasto mar " ( noi anche per certi versi , ma , costretti purtroppo a svendere la nostra amata vertue , oramai solo giocando - grazie a wine - a silent hunter III con i brin nella variante " mediterranean " :-)
Ma ogniqualvolta possibile è meglio abbandonare i pallidi schermi ed uscire : assapporiamo i crepuscoli a spasso per i centri storici con le nostre compagne , facciamoci accarezzare dal vento e dal sole sulle spiagge , cerchiamo conchiglie con i nostri figli .
Ce ne sono di bellissime .
What kind of self - respecting human would ever sell something so similar to the deadly zombie creating T - Virus ?
Does n't Avon have a undead consultant on retainer ?
Or are they secretly working for Umbrella Corporation ?
Advertisement
Totally Looks
Like blew the whistle on Avon for trying to spread this zombie formula over the masses .
The product that calls itself " Avon Derma - Full " promises that in three days you 'll have less wrinkles .... and an unquenchable thirst for human flesh .
Do n't believe us ?
Then check out the commercials one from Umbrella Crop .
the other from Avon .
Stay away from this product good citizens , at least until I get my shot gun and Ducati escape plan underway .
Advertisement
Avon Commercial
Umbrella Corps Regenerate Commercial
[ via saferight ]
肥満を避けるには軽い運動をすることも有効なのですが、消費カロリーを増やせるだけではなく、代謝を上げるのにも役立ってくるのです。
摂取カロリーが消費カロリーを上回ってしまうと肥満になりやすくなってしまうのですが、運動を習慣化していくことによって、日常的に繰り返すなどして太りにくい体を作りやすくなってくるのです。
毎日の運動はもちろん、ダイエットにも効果があるのですが、その場合は食事療法と運動の組み合わせで目指していくのが好ましいのです。
ただ、ダイエットは短期間で行うとリバウンドのリスクが多くなってくるため、少しずつ体重を落としていくのが理想的なことなのです。
運動としては筋トレやエクササイズなどの室内でできる運動は環境も関係なく、気軽に実行しやすいのです。
筋トレにプラスして、ジョギングなどの有酸素運動を加えていくと更に肥満予防につながってくるのです。
あとはリバウンド防止で確実に結果を出すにも、健康を継続するのにもいいのです。
運動は継続するところに意味があるのですが、軽い運動なら挫折もしにくくなってくるので、身体への負担も少なく続けやすいのです。
最初は無理のない範囲からスタートして、徐々に回数や時間を増やしていくと完璧です。
J. S. Bach ’s " Habit of Perfection " : Andrew Rangell
The Bradley Effect is by definition unmeasurable .
The recession , or depression , is unfathomable .
So what can we think and talk about to break the obsession with questions that have no answers until the night of November 4 ?
We repair to the consolations of J. S. Bach , and in this conversation to the perfect nest of piano masterpieces that Daniel Barenboim and others refer to as the Old Testament , the 48 preludes and fugues conceived in 1722 and refined over the last 28 years of Bach ’s life , the set known as The Well - Tempered Clavier .
We repair geographically to the studio of the “ quirky , imaginative , intelligent ” piano master Andrew Rangell .
I think of Andrew as the Glenn Gould of our neighborhood , our moment .
Like so many Bach pianists he grew up with Gould ’s great first recording of the Goldberg Variations from 1955 , the record that announced the “ birth of a legend . ”
( See the equally famous 1981 re-recording in exquisite video ) .
Like very few others , Andrew Rangell has grown into Gould ’s roles as an original writer and performer in celebrated recordings of Bach ’s Goldberg Variations , Partitas and French and English Suites , also the Beethoven Sonatas , Chopin Waltzes and much 20th Century music from Janacek , Stravinsky and Schoenberg .
Like Gould but for different reasons ( hand injuries in Andrew ’s case ) , he has come to avoid the public performance and to invent his own fabulous and laborious techniques of recording and editing his interpretations .
Look here for Andrew Rangell ’s available recordings .
I came to Andrew this time to ask what an immersion in The Well - Tempered Clavier does for one ’s mind and spirit — this endlessly extended and refined work that also remains , as Andrew says , “ minimal music at its best , ” music of “ the great middle way , ” music that “ encourages mind , fingers and heart ” and that never turns anyone away .
The Well - Tempered , for short , becomes the musical metaphor of the long human course in hearing multiplicities of voices — polyphony is the musical word — and their accents , inflections , their placements and interactions .
It also becomes a “ semi- religious experience , ” says Andrew , the non-believer :
Photo : Ethan Pines for The New York Times
related
On April 14th , the senior counsel to the 9/11 Commission - John Farmer - will publish a book called The Ground Truth : The Story Behind America 's Defense on 9/11 .
The book has not yet been released , and I 'm not sure what Farmer will say .
But here is a quote available on Amazon :
At some level of the government , at some point in time ... there was an agreement not to tell the truth about what happened .
Farmer 's publisher , Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , says of the book :
Farmer builds the inescapably convincing case that the official version not only is almost entirely untrue but serves to create a false impression of order and security .
Farmer has previously said :
I was shocked at how different the truth was from the way it was described ....
The [ Norad air defense ] tapes told a radically different story from what had been told to us and the public for two years ....
This is not spin .
This is not true .
[ original ]
A while back , MetaEfficient profiled what could be the greenest skyscraper in America , the Bank of America Tower in New York City .
Located in midtown Manhattan at One Bryant Park , the 945 - foot tall , 55 - story structure is scheduled to open later this year .
Here ’s a closer look at some of the groundbreaking features that should help the building earn a coveted LEED Platinum designation .
In addition to making extensive use of low - VOC construction materials and recycled products like steel and drywall , the BoA Tower is designed with energy efficiency in mind .
Power demand is reduced for lighting and climate - control systems thanks to high - transparency , low-e glass ( that ’s low emissivity , meaning heat bounces off the glass instead of being conducted through , while still allowing illumination from sunlight ) .
The air - conditioning system produces ice at night , when municipal power demand is at its lowest , then stores it for daytime cooling use .
And a highly efficient 5.1 - megawatt combined cycle electrical generation facility within the building reduces its need for municipal grid power .
Air quality inside the BoA Tower is a top priority , with a filtration system that eliminates 95 % of particulate pollution .
Air is drawn inside at least 100 feet above street level , filtered , and distributed to individual floors where it gets a second filtration .
As a result , exhaust air from the building is actually much cleaner than the surrounding ambient city air .
Water use is revolutionary for a building of this size , especially by U.S. standards .
Rain is collected on all roof areas , and storage tanks can hold up to 269,000 gallons of rainwater , meaning zero storm water goes into city sewers .
Collected water is used for toilets and plant irrigation , saving over 10 million gallons of potable water annually ; low flow fixtures and waterless urinals further reduce water use , and a graywater treatment plant in the cellar provides water for the building ’s cooling tower .
Green architecture has officially arrived in New York City .
And if it can make it there , as the old song goes , it can make it anywhere .
When the Bank of America Tower opens this year , it will serve as an illustration of how sustainable design and green technologies can be applied to projects on a massive scale .
( via Bank of America )
Michael Phelps is suspended .
If you are not updated with this controversy , let me narrate it to you .
A photo of Michael Phelps smoking weed was spread all over the internet days ago .
To make the story short , Michael Phelps accepted this " Michael Phelps Bong Photo . "
Now there are no feedback yet as to whether or not Michael Phelps should be sanctioned with such an act .
Until now .
USA swimming sanctioned Michael Phelps not to join any competition for three ( 3 ) months .
This is because of his violation of the anti-doping rule .
My question though is that , is there really any swimming competition for the moment .
Anyway , whether or not there is a swimming competition , its a good news that an action has been given relating to the matter .
Such a public figure like Michael Phelps is usually imitated by the young people .
I am not saying that I am happy with the issue on Michael Phelps Suspended .
But I guess it is right to say that not all our actions are without restrictions .
Sad to say there is no available video of Michael Phelps Suspended .
“ HOW wonderful that we have met with a paradox .
Now we have some hope of making progress . ”
So said Niels Bohr , one of the founders of quantum mechanics .
Since its birth in the 1920s , physicists and philosophers have grappled with the bizarre consequences that his theory has for reality , including the fundamental truth that it is impossible to know everything about the world and , in fact , whether it really exists at all when it is not being observed .
Now two groups of physicists , working independently , have demonstrated that nature is indeed real when unobserved .
When no one is peeking , however , it acts in a really odd way .
In the 1990s a physicist called Lucien Hardy proposed a thought experiment that makes nonsense of the famous interaction between matter and antimatter — that when a particle meets its antiparticle , the pair always annihilate one another in a burst of energy .
Dr Hardy 's scheme left open the possibility that in some cases when their interaction is not observed a particle and an antiparticle could interact with one another and survive .
Of course , since the interaction has to remain unseen , no one should ever notice this happening , which is why the result is known as Hardy 's paradox .
This week Kazuhiro Yokota of Osaka University in Japan and his colleagues demonstrated that Hardy 's paradox is , in fact , correct .
They report their work in the New Journal of Physics .
The experiment represents independent confirmation of a similar demonstration by Jeff Lundeen and Aephraim Steinberg of the University of Toronto , which was published seven weeks ago in Physical Review Letters .
The two teams used the same technique in their experiments .
They managed to do what had previously been thought impossible : they probed reality without disturbing it .
Not disturbing it is the quantum - mechanical equivalent of not really looking .
So they were able to show that the universe does indeed exist when it is not being observed .
The reality in question — admittedly rather a small part of the universe — was the polarisation of pairs of photons , the particles of which light is made .
The state of one of these photons was inextricably linked with that of the other through a process known as quantum entanglement .
The polarised photons were able to take the place of the particle and the antiparticle in Dr Hardy 's thought experiment because they obey the same quantum - mechanical rules .
Dr Yokota ( and also Drs Lundeen and Steinberg ) managed to observe them without looking , as it were , by not gathering enough information from any one interaction to draw a conclusion , and then pooling these partial results so that the total became meaningful .
What the several researchers found was that there were more photons in some places than there should have been and fewer in others .
The stunning result , though , was that in some places the number of photons was actually less than zero .
Fewer than zero particles being present usually means that you have antiparticles instead .
But there is no such thing as an antiphoton ( photons are their own antiparticles , and are pure energy in any case ) , so that cannot apply here .
The only mathematically consistent explanation known for this result is therefore Hardy's .
The weird things he predicted are real and they can , indeed , only be seen by people who are not looking .
Dr Yokota and his colleagues went so far as to call their results “ preposterous ” .
Niels Bohr , no doubt , would have been delighted .
So , today marks one year of writing this blog .
It has certainly changed from what I initially set out to accomplish .
My personal little recipe collection actually has handful of you out there reading it .
I am amazed that I have stuck with this through all the stresses of work and such this past year .
I hope you ’re all enjoying it , because I certainly am .
In honor of this momentous occasion , I have done something I do n’t normally do : baked a cake .
More notes on the cake to follow after the AWESOME ANNOUNCEMENTS .
I figure , since this is a celebratory occasion , it ’s probably time to publicly announce to the internet two very important things .
First announcement ( this is the smaller one ) : I am moving from Georgia to West Point , Virginia .
It ’s a small town at the intersection of three rivers in Virginia , pretty much right in between Richmond and Williamsburg .
I am super - excited about finding a place to live here ; the house is on the water , and it ’s a small town .
Fully renovated in the historic district !
I am stoked .
There ’s less than 3,000 residents , so this is going to be very similar to the town where I grew up .
30 miles to the nearest Walmart !
67 % Republican !
A Crab Carnival in October !
Very different from Athens .
Did I mention the Crab Carnival ?
Who ’s in ?
Seriously .
Because we are gonna have some fun at that .
Everything happens within a five block radius of the house .
Second announcement ( the big one ) : I am getting married !
On April 3rd !
I did n’t post anything about it on my blog , but Jeremy and I got engaged last November .
We have been waiting fo figure out where we were going to relocate to before we got married .
We ’re foregoing the elaborate ceremony and doing this courthouse - style .
And for those of you who have heard and have asked about the ring , I ’m including a picture to satisfy your curiosity .
( I do get to brag a little , right ? )
People , it is less than two weeks away !
So. Excited .
Alright , and now back to the cake I ’ve promised you .
Let me be clear from the beginning .
There have n’t been any cakes posted on this website yet for a reason : I CANNOT frost them .
I complain about baking , but it ’s all really just a front about cake frosting .
I am not even going to attempt to give you tips for that .
So , before I post any pictures , just keep that in mind .
Yes sir , folks , that right there is the family recipe for pound cake .
This cake is dense , sweet , and totally satisfying .
A conservative slice will fill you and make your thighs explode .
But it ’s beyond great .
When I was younger , this was the cake I requested for my birthday every year .
Most people do n’t ice pound cake because they serve it with fruit .
Not in my family .
Let ’s just throw some more butter and sugar on top of the baked butter and sugar .
And then , let ’s put some ice cream on the side .
I ’m not going that far , because even this icing is thinly spread .
I figure , though , it ’s high time I share my favorite cake with you .
I am also submitting this cake to the blog event started by The Spiced Life called “ Grandma ’s Recipes . ”
Perfect for Grandma ’s Pound Cake !
You can read more about the event here .
Grandma ’s Pound Cake
for the cake :
3 sticks butter
2 C sugar
6 eggs
3 C all purpose flour
2/3 C milk
2 tsp vanilla extract
2 tsp lemon extract
for the icing :
1 box confectioners ’ sugar
2 sticks butter
2 tsp vanilla extract
1/4 C milk
to make the cake :
Preheat oven to 300º .
Butter and flour a tube pan .
In a large mixing bowl , cream the butter and sugar together .
Whie slowly beating constantly , add one egg at a time .
Wait to add the next egg until each is completely incorporated .
When all the eggs have been added , mix in 1 cup of flour .
When the flour is incorporated , add 1/3 cup milk .
Repeat this step , then add the final cup of flour .
Add the vanilla and the lemon and mix well .
Pour the batter into the tube pan and bake for 80 - 90 minutes .
You can test for doneness by inserting a toothpick in the cake ; if it comes out clean , the cake is done .
You can even press a finger into the top .
If the cake is firm , it ’s done .
Remove the cake from the oven , and let it cool for 10 minutes .
Loosen the cake from the pan by running a knife around the edges .
Turn the cake out onto a wire rack to cool .
When the cake is completely cool , frost .
to make the icing :
Cream together the butter and the sugar , then add a quarter cup of milk and the vanilla .
Beat until well incorporated , and there are no lumps in the icing .
You may want to add a bit more milk to achieve the consistency you want .
All 114 power station protesters released as arrests spark civil liberties row
Police have released all 114 environmental protesters arrested for allegedly planning to sabotage one of Britain 's biggest power stations .
They had been questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to commit aggravated trespass and criminal damage .
All the protesters have been released on bail .
Scores of officers in 20 vans descended on a private primary school and nursery in the early hours of Easter Monday where demonstrators had gathered ahead of what police believed was a planned mass attack on Ratcliffe - on - Soar power station in Nottinghamshire .
Detectives recovered specialist equipment including bolt cutters and locks which they said suggested the group represented a ' serious threat ' to the safe running of the coal - fired station , which protesters say is Britain 's second - largest producer of carbon - dioxide emissions .
Ratcliffe - on - Soar coal power station , near Nottingham , was believed to be the target of the protest
A police officer stands guard outside the school where the protesters were arrested
In all , 114 men and women from across the UK were detained in the joint operation by Nottinghamshire , Derbyshire and Leicestershire forces .
A spokeswoman said : ' Police have gathered a large amount of evidence which they are now reviewing .
' From the information gathered , police believe that those arrested were planning a period of prolonged disruption to the safe running of Ratcliffe - on - Soar power station . '
Police dog handlers and other officers moved in on the protesters at the Iona School , in Sneinton , Nottingham .
They have now all been released on bail
The police crackdown before a demonstration has taken place has sparked fears among civil liberties campaigners .
The power station arrests come less than two weeks after police raided ' squats ' suspected of being used by protesters on the second day of the G20 summit in London before demonstrations had actually been held that day .
Poll
Were police right to arrest eco-protesters before a crime had been committed ?
Yes No Were police right to arrest eco-protesters before a crime had been committed ?
Yes 2328 votes
No 1346 votes
Now share your opinion
Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , said : ' In the light of the policing of the G20 protests , people up and down the country will want to be confident that there was evidence of a real conspiracy to commit criminal damage by those arrested and that this was not just an attempt by the police to disrupt perfectly legitimate protest . '
It is thought the protests were linked to plans for a new coal - fired power - station in Kingsthorpe , Kent , by E.on , which also runs the Ratcliffe - on - Soar station .
Witnesses saw the group being rounded up at the Iona School in Sneinton , Nottingham , one of only 30 Steiner schools in the UK .
Earlier this month officers arrested people in a London squat before a planned G20 demonstration Steiner schools controversially advocate freeing children from a rigid educational programme , with spiritual and emotional development as important as the three Rs. Tess Rearden , who lives near the scene , said : ' We were woken up by the sound of doors slamming and saw all these police vans and riot vans .
' It was bedlam - real bedlam . '
Neighbour Mark Hill , 44 , said : ' The first thing I thought was it must be terrorism .
' I could n't think of anything else that would need so many police .
But the police were calm .
' I could hear the people singing " We 'll be back again " as they were being led away . '
The school was being searched yesterday , and forensic officers were seen leaving the school with a number of backpacks .
No one at the school was available for comment .
An E.on spokesman said : ' We will be assisting police in their investigations into what could have been a very dangerous attempt to disrupt an operational power plant . '
