Pin-Up Calendar Girls Show Sexy Skeletal Systems
A medical supply company kicked off a promotional campaign that offers a pin-up calendar of sexy ladies in seductive poses under an x-ray scanner .
The calendar , which is completely safe for work by most standards , features pictures for every month of the year .
The company behind the promotion , EIZO , hired German - based ad agency Butter to create the calendar for distribution to potential clients .
So basically unless you work inside of a hospital or medical specialist ’s practice , you ’ll have a hard time getting your hands on one .
From the company :
“ EIZO medical imaging high precision displays for the examination and diagnosis of radiographs .
Whereas craftsmen are showered with pin-up - calendars at the end of every year , this kind of present is less popular among medics .
EIZO breaks this taboo .
This pin-up calendar shows absolutely every detail . ”
Dream on , say the aviation experts - standing seats are a no -no
By Megan Lane
BBC News Magazine
Low - cost airline Ryanair has a plan for standing seats on its planes , but airline experts say it will never happen .
Why does the budget carrier come up with far - fetched schemes which often do n't come to pass ?
A standing room only ticket is , traditionally , dirt - cheap .
So it 's easy to see why this idea appeals to both a no - frills carrier and its bargain - hungry customers .
Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary - fond of speculating publicly about outlandish money - saving schemes - says his airline is considering vertical seats akin to bar stools with seatbelts .
Despite talk of safety testing and tickets selling for £ 4 or less , aviation experts say such plans are pie in the sky .
It 's not the first time the airline has floated the standing seats idea , or indeed come up with headline grabbing schemes which fail to materialise .
Charging passengers to use loos is another example , as is a so - called fat - tax - surcharging overweight flyers .
So why announce innovations which that do n't happen ?
It 's down to Ryanair 's unique approach to PR .
" They 've only got one message , which is no frills .
Ryanair is all about getting you from A to B as cheaply as possible , " says Danny Rogers , editor of PR Week magazine .
So everything Mr O'Leary says emphasises the message that his airline strips its operations to the bone to keep costs down .
Journalists love Michael O'Leary because he provides good quotes and good pictures
PR Week 's Danny Rogers
Even its publicity comes cheap , given his headline - grabbing ways , be it wearing a Germany shirt to a press conference after England 's World Cup defeat , or speculating about charging passengers a pound to spend a penny .
" It 's kind of genius .
There were catcalls from the assembled journalists when he wore the Germany shirt .
But that picture was used in all the papers , " says Mr Rogers .
" His message was that now England are out of World Cup , it 's time to get away .
" Journalists love him because he provides good quotes and good pictures , and compelling top lines for their stories .
And it 's a strategy that works for them - they fly more people than BA or Easyjet . "
So are customers likely to be disappointed if vertical seats never materialise ?
" No .
I do n't think people really want to fly standing up .
They just want cheap tickets . "
How many points of contact would the seatbelt straps have to have ?
Across the body , perhaps securing the ankles , the knees , the head ?
David Learmount
Which is fortunate , because Boeing , manufacturer of Ryanair 's fleet of 737-800s , rules out the concept .
" We are not considering standing - only accommodations , nor do we have any plans to do so , " says spokesman Nick West .
" Among other things , stringent regulatory requirements - including seats capable of withstanding a force of 16 Gs - pretty much preclude such an arrangement . "
Sixteen
Gs is 16 times the force of gravity , so the seats must be strong enough - and strongly secured enough - not to topple over like dominos in the event of a crash .
Vertical seats would require more reinforcing than standard seats , because the passenger 's centre of gravity is higher .
" More reinforcement means heavier planes which use more fuel , and that 's the last thing Ryanair wants , " says David Learmount , operations and safety editor of Flight International .
" They 'd end up having to reinforce the floor , and possibly the bulkheads too if the seats need to be secured top and bottom .
And how many points of contact would the straps have to have ?
Across the body , perhaps securing the ankles , the knees , the head ? "
At least there 's little risk of whiplash Which sounds like the Hannibal Lecter way to fly .
" Exactly .
How many passengers would be prepared to put up with that ? "
Another company said to have considered this is China 's Spring Airlines , a privately - owned low - cost carrier keen to increase capacity on its Airbus A380s and further drive down the cost of plane tickets for those willing to forgo comforts such as sitting down , meals and drinks .
But it has since shelved the idea as unworkable , says Mr Learmount .
Stand - sted
Any new design for seats must pass strict safety requirements set out by the European Aviation Safety Authority ( EASA ) .
These are broadly the same across the world .
" These set out what a seat must comply with , such as being able to restrain a passenger during take - off , landing and turbulence , the flammability of the fabric , and g - load bearing in case of a crash , " says a Civil Aviation Authority spokesman .
" They test g - load bearing to make sure the seats wo n't topple over or come loose in an accident . "
Fees for check - in bags on Ryanair flights have risen sharply this week
It will be up to the manufacturer to get permission for their product from the EASA , he says .
Despite the naysayers , Ryanair 's press office remains resolutely Pollyanna - ish about being able to offer passengers vertical seats .
When pressed , the spokesman concedes Boeing has not agreed to its plan .
" It is still at the discussion stage , yes .
There are fairground rides that take people from zero to 4 Gs without the protection of an aircraft fuselage .
If they can do that , and Boeing can help people get to the Moon , then it should be able to develop an upright seating design . "
But is Ryanair just using the press for publicity by announcing schemes that may never happen ?
The spokesman denies the suggestion - saying Ryanair did n't set out to publicise the standing seats story .
It came through a TV interview with Mr O'Leary .
The plan to charge passengers to go to the loo will only happen if the standing seats idea goes ahead .
As for the fat tax - the idea has been dropped , he says .
Travel expert Simon Calder , of the Independent newspaper , pours yet more cold water on plans for vertical seats .
" It 'll never happen , or at least it wo n't not for a long time .
Ryanair has only one type of aircraft , the Boeing 737-800 , and it is licensed for 189 people .
" Even if you take the toilets out at the back and charge people £ 1 to use the one remaining toilet , even if you take out rows of seats and we all stand up , and the Civil Aviation Authority agrees that 's a safe way to travel , you still can't carry more than 189 people .
So I 'm afraid you 'll still get your standard seat .
"
So strap hanging on a plane looks a long way off .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pro surfer hopes to shred at proposed wave pool
How would Wavegarden 's proposed wave pool in Fort Pierce compare to others in the world ?
A Hawaiian pro surfer ( and Fort Pierce native ) explains .
Churches , youth groups and other religious groups ( like any other well established organization ) need to target ‘ Gen Y ’ and need to create an image that belongs in the 21st century .
For example , check out this fantastic iGod billboard design in NZ .
Clever billboards aside , a good first step for any church , religious organization or other non-profit seeking to improve its marketing , website or image is to get a fresh , modern logo designed !
Below are 30 examples of church or church - related logos – some of them use religious symbols explicitly and some do not but all of them are creative !
Please also see previous logo design inspiration articles on Naldz Graphics here :
• Black and White Logos – 33 Inspiring Logo Designs
• Negative Space Logos – 30 Creative Logo Designs
• Brown Logos – 40 Cool Examples
• 50 + Unique and Inspiring Red Logo Designs
Conclusion
Bright colors , minimal / clever / subtle use of religious symbols and a modern typeface will help create a fresh logo design and image for any charity , church or non-profit organization .
The United States has long been a leader in green technologies .
It has also long been a leader in fumbling that lead .
Look at the historical record :
Charles Brush built what is considered the first automatic wind turbine for generating electricity .
The turbine , built in 1888 in Ohio , had a 50 - foot diameter and 144 blades .
The industry has since trimmed turbines down to three blades .
It has also gone overseas .
While the United States has more installed wind capacity than anyone else , the only top U.S. wind manufacturer remains General Electric :
They got into the business by buying the wind division of disgraced , defunct Enron .
One of the most promising U.S. startups is Nordic Windpower , located in Berkeley , California , by way of Sweden .
Calvin Fuller , Daryl Chapin and Gerald Pearson created the first silicon photovoltaic cell at Bell Labs in 1954 .
It was only 4 - percent efficient , but Bell raised the figure to 11 percent soon after .
First Solar and SunPower hail from the United States – and we mint a lot of startups – but the United States is a far smaller market than Europe , and Suntech and Yingli have begun to demonstrate that we do n't have a monopoly on quality .
We ’ve invented a lot of green technologies , but we ’ve also failed to embrace them .
Is it a cultural thing ? -
A chemistry professor at the State University of New York Binghamton , M. Stanley Whittingham , led a research team at Exxon that resulted in the first lithium - ion battery .
Whittingham 's titanium sulfide battery , however , was not a hit – Sony 's lithium - cobalt battery became the standard in the early 1990s .
The battery industry is now based in Asia .
In 1991 , the Department of Energy kicked off the $ 90 million U.S. Advanced Battery Consortium to develop nickel - metal hybrid batteries for hybrid cars , a car design championed a century earlier by Ferdinand Porsche .
The effort scared Japan so much that Honda and Toyota began to develop hybrids .
Before tangible results came in , the DOE shifted funding to hydrogen .
In 1976 , General Electric Ed Hammer invented something that many thought impossible : the compact fluorescent bulb .
Although GE liked the idea , CFLs would require entirely new manufacturing facilities , which would cost $ 25 million .
" So they decided to shelve it , " Hammer told me in 2007 .
CFLs only came to market because the design leaked out – others copied it before GE had a licensing program .
" That 's how it became widespread , " he said .
So why do we suck so much at green commercialization , while excelling at transforming science projects like search engines , microprocessors and microbes into Google , Intel and Genentech ?
The reasons are :
1. Conservation = Being a Loser
Scrimping and saving has , for some reason , been enshrined as the national shame .
Immigrants flooded here in the late 19th and 20th centuries tantalized by pictures of homes with running water and fridges that could hold an entire elk .
Back in the '60s , what did kids know about the rest of the world ?
That someone halfway around the globe wanted to eat your leftovers .
If you can't waste , you have n't made it .
And do n't just blame it on conservatives :
How many green advocates have tossed out perfectly serviceable handsets to get the latest iPhone ?
Granted , during some historical eras , conservation has been a virtue .
Popular oral histories abound about the Depression or rationing in World War II .
( I still have my grandmother 's food coupon book – she needed it even though they owned a grocery store . )
But frugality is only fashionable in times of serious deprivation .
Casual conservation just looks inept .
Case in point : the '70s .
You did n't see Dorothea Lange taking pictures of mom cooking Hamburger Helper or buying knockoff Adidas .
Jimmy Carter was a great ideas person , but the sweater just made him look like Mr. Rogers after an argument with King Friday .
2. Abundance
As the fourth largest nation in terms of land mass , the United States has enjoyed an abundance of natural resources and people have exploited them for their convenience .
In the 1920s , solar hot - water heaters blanketed Miami and southern California .
The advent of natural gas piping and cheap natural gas , which could heat hot water any hour of the day , led to their demise .
The same happened with autos and public transportation .
Cars are more convenient than street cars , gas historically has been cheap in the United States and so has farmland .
Oil companies did n't kill public transportation in Los Angeles – the desire for three - bedroom houses did .
It will take a bit of time to get used to the era of resource scarcity .
This is one of the principal dilemmas of the green tech marketworldwide .
Handheld calculators radically reduced the time needed to solve math problems .
Word processing made a 5,000 - year - old profession – the secretary – obsolete almost overnight .
The internet put the world at your fingertips .
Antibiotics saved your life .
Solar panels give you electrons that pretty much function like those from the power plant .
To date , only electric cars and green homes seem to have an abundant " Wow ! " factor for consumers .
This will change , but it partly explains the slow ramp .
4. Lobbying
The fossil fuel industry knows how to work Washington and the state capitols .
They can discuss jobs and raise fears about the economic cataclysm that will surely ensue if people can't afford to drive Chevy Suburbans on a daily basis .
The solar industry has improved on this score , but it 's still got a long way to go to catch up .
Remember : Back in 2008 , the investment tax credit was stalled in D.C. – it was only after Washington showered the financial industry with cash via the TARP program that they agreed to alternative - energy credits .
5. Environmentalists as Scolds
The first Earth Day in 1970s drew millions into the streets .
Just as important , it drew middle - class protesters in droves .
It was n't dominated by dirty , smelly , strident hippies .
Fast forward to 2010 .
Smelly is gone , but strident remains .
Much of the opposition to Al Gore comes because he 's Al Gore .
I support his ideas , but let 's face it – he comes across as smug .
Bill Clinton or Rachel Carson he 's not .
Environmental objections have forced BrightSource Energy to shrink its solar thermal plant , an uncompromising stance that really just encourages natural gas consumption .
Food advocates are getting better at public relations .
In the past , most of the arguments revolved around making Twinkies the Great Satan .
It was condescending but also absurd : Even stoners do n't really like Twinkies .
Swapping out snooty gastronome Alice Waters for genial Jamie Oliver has made a big difference .
Still , like it or not , the posture of some green advocates has made it easier for the opposition .
How do we get around these problems ?
Alan Salzman at VantagePoint Venture Partners , among others , has suggested framing the issues in new ways .
One of our principal forms of energy is coal .
It is a rock men risk their lives to dig out of the ground using pneumatic hammers .
It then gets cooked and most of the energy produced gets wasted .
" It is a short distance away from gathering firewood , " he said .
" Do you think we could figure out a better way to boil water that does n't kill people ?
There is no solution other than that that anyone can envision ? "
Naturally , he 's Canadian .
See Also :
Researchers have developed a way of accurately predicting when women will hit the menopause using a simple blood test .
The average difference between the predicted age and the actual age that the women in their study reached the menopause was only a third of a year , and the maximum margin of error was between three and four years .
Dr Fahimeh Ramezani Tehrani , who is presenting at the 26th annual meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology in Rome , says that her findings have implications for women and their doctors ; if the results of the research are supported by larger studies , it means that women will be able to discover early on in their reproductive life what their expected age at menopause will be , so that they can plan when to start a family .
By taking blood samples from 266 women , aged 20 - 49 , who had been enrolled in the much larger Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study , Dr Ramezani Tehrani and her colleagues were able to measure the concentrations of a hormone that is produced by cells in women 's ovaries -- anti-Mullerian Hormone ( AMH ) .
AMH controls the development of follicles in the ovaries , from which oocytes ( eggs ) develop and it has been suggested that AMH could be used for measuring ovarian function .
The researchers took two further blood samples at three yearly intervals , and they also collected information on the women 's socioeconomic background and reproductive history .
In addition , the women had physical examinations every three years .
The Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study is a prospective study that started in 1998 and is still continuing .
Dr Ramezani Tehrani , who is President of the Reproductive Endocrinology Department of the Endocrine Research Centre and a faculty member and Associate Professor of Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences in Tehran , Iran , said : " We developed a statistical model for estimating the age at menopause from a single measurement of AMH concentration in serum from blood samples .
Using this model , we estimated mean average ages at menopause for women at different time points in their reproductive life span from varying levels of serum AMH concentration .
We were able to show that there was a good level of agreement between ages at menopause estimated by our model and the actual age at menopause for a subgroup of 63 women who reached menopause during the study .
The average difference between the predicted age at menopause using our model and the women 's actual age was only a third of a year and the maximum margin of error for our model was only three to four years .
" The results from our study could enable us to make a more realistic assessment of women 's reproductive status many years before they reach menopause .
For example , if a 20 - year - old woman has a concentration of serum AMH of 2.8 ng/ ml [ nanograms per millilitre ] , we estimate that she will become menopausal between 35 - 38 years old .
To the best of our knowledge this is the first prediction of age at menopause that has resulted from a population - based cohort study .
We believe that our estimates of ages at menopause based on AMH levels are of sufficient validity to guide medical practitioners in their day - to - day practice , so that they can help women with their family planning . "
Dr Ramezani Tehrani was able to use the statistical model to identify AMH levels at different ages that would predict if women were likely to have an early menopause ( before the age of 45 ) .
She found that , for instance , AMH levels of 4.1 ng / ml or less predicted early menopause in 20 - year - olds , AMH levels of 3.3 ng / ml predicted it in 25 - year - olds , and AMH levels of 2.4 ng / ml predicted it in 30 - year - olds .
In contrast , AMH levels of at least 4.5 ng/ ml at the age of 20 , 3.8 ngl / ml at 25 and 2.9 ng / ml at 30 all predicted an age at menopause of over 50 years old .
The researchers found that the average age at menopause for the women in their study was approximately 52 .
Dr Ramezani Tehrani concluded : " Our findings indicate that AMH is capable of specifying a woman 's reproductive status more realistically than chronological age per se .
Considering that this is a small study that has looked at women over a period of time , larger studies starting with women in their twenties and following them for several years are needed to validate the accuracy of serum AMH concentration for the prediction of menopause in young women . "
#!/usr/bin/env python # Describe classes , methods and functions in a module .
#
Works with user - defined modules , all Python library # modules , including built - in modules .
import inspect import os , sys INDENT = 0 def wi ( * args ) : " " " Function to print lines indented according to level " " " if INDENT : print ' ' * INDENT , for arg in args : print arg , print def indent ( ) : " " " Increase indentation " " " global INDENT INDENT += 4 def dedent ( ) : " " " Decrease indentation " " " global INDENT INDENT -= 4 def describe_builtin ( obj ) : " " " Describe a builtin function " " " wi ( '+ Built - in Function : %s ' % obj .
__name__ ) # Built - in functions cannot be inspected by # inspect.getargspec .
We have to try and parse # the __doc__ attribute of the function .
docstr = obj .
__doc__ args = '' if docstr : items = docstr .
split ( '
' ) if items : func_descr = items [ 0 ] s = func_descr .
replace ( obj .
__name__ , '' ) idx1 = s . find ( ' (' ) idx2 = s . find ( ' ) ' , idx1 ) if id x1 != - 1 and id x2 != - 1 and ( idx2 > idx1 + 1 ) : args = s [ idx1 + 1 : id x2 ] wi ( ' \t - Method Arguments : ' , args ) if args == '' : wi ( ' \t - Method Arguments : None ' ) print def describe_func ( obj , method = False ) : " " " Describe the function object passed as argument .
If this is a method object , the second argument will be passed as True " " " if method : wi ( '+ Method : %s ' % obj .
__name__ ) else : wi ( '+ Function : %s ' % obj .
__name__ ) try : arginfo = inspect .
getargspec ( obj ) except TypeError : print return args = arginfo [ 0 ] argsvar = arginfo [ 1 ] if args : if args [ 0 ] == ' self ' : wi ( ' \t %s is an instance method ' % obj .
__name__ ) args .
pop ( 0 ) wi ( ' \t - Method Arguments : ' , args ) if arginfo [ 3 ] : dl = len ( arginfo [ 3 ] ) al = len ( args ) defargs = args [ al - dl : al ] wi ( ' \t -- Default arguments : ' , zip ( defargs , arginfo [ 3 ] ) ) if arginfo [ 1 ] : wi ( ' \t - Positional Args Param : %s ' % arginfo [ 1 ] ) if arginfo [ 2 ] : wi ( ' \t - Keyword Args Param : %s ' % arginfo [ 2 ] ) print def describe_klass ( obj ) : " " " Describe the class object passed as argument , including its methods " " " wi ( '+ Class : %s ' % obj .
__name__ ) indent ( ) count = 0 for name in obj .
__dict__ : item = getattr ( obj , name ) if inspect .
ismethod ( item ) : count += 1 ; describe_func ( item , True ) if count == 0 : wi ( '( No members ) ' ) dedent ( ) print def describe ( module ) : " " " Describe the module object passed as argument including its classes and functions " " " wi ( '[ Module : %s ]
' % module .
__name__ ) indent ( ) count = 0 for name in dir ( module ) : obj = getattr ( module , name ) if inspect .
isclass ( obj ) : count += 1 ; describe_klass ( obj ) elif ( inspect .
ismethod ( obj ) or inspect .
isfunction ( obj ) ) : count += 1 ; describe_func ( obj ) elif inspect .
isbuiltin ( obj ) : count += 1 ; describe_builtin ( obj ) if count == 0 : wi ( '( No members ) ' ) dedent ( ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : import sys if len ( sys .
argv ) < 2 : sys .
exit ( ' Usage : %s < module > ' % sys . argv [ 0 ] ) module = sys .
argv [ 1 ] . replace ( '. py ' , '' ) mod = __import__ ( module ) describe ( mod )
Gun rights advocates got a monumental boost last week when the
ruled local governments can’t ban guns .
Now , Pennsylvania gun rights advocates are aiming at their next target : giving gun owners the right to fire rather than flee when threatened in their homes or cars or , ideally , any public place where they have a right to be .
The court decision gives new energy to the push for a so - called “ castle doctrine ” in Pennsylvania .
In the case of a home intrusion , the castle doctrine would allow people to shoot immediately , rather than first go to another room .
“ I can tell you we ’re having meetings right now to have this thing moved , ” said state Sen .
Richard Alloway II , R- Franklin County , who had previously introduced a castle doctrine bill .
Gun rights advocates further feel the ruling adds firepower to their challenges of assorted gun restrictions , such as
.
“ It really galvanizes a position that many of use have been advocating ... that our right to bear arms is a right that is second to none , ” said state Rep. Daryle Metcalfe , R- Butler County .
On the other side of the issue , supporters of gun restrictions must brace for an onslaught of challenges to local laws enacted in response to gun-related crime .
“ The worst - case scenario is we are getting ready to enter a period of protracted litigation and unnecessary expense in defending a local community ’s ability to do something about a problem that has gotten out of hand , ” said state Rep. W. Curtis Thomas , D - Philadelphia .
Unpredictable impact
has supported allowing municipalities to devise their own gun restrictions in response to local problems .
Asked to comment on the impact of the Supreme Court decision , Rendell said through a spokesman , “ it ’s not clear whether reasonable regulations will be allowed to stand , so it ’s hard to predict the impact . ”
The Supreme Court decision focused specifically on Chicago and nearby Oak Park , which each ban handguns within their boundaries .
It ruled the Second Amendment provides a “ fundamental right ” to own a gun , and that right ca n’t be restricted by local governments .
As a result , the Chicago and Oak Park bans , which had been upheld by a lower court , now go back to that court , where they are expected to fall .
Chicago officials reacted by quickly passing a new law requiring registration and permits for handguns , as well as five hours of training , and limiting registrations to one gun per month .
The guns are n’t allowed outside the home .
On Tuesday , four citizens filed a lawsuit against the city , saying the law violates their Second Amendment rights .
Still , the Supreme Court ruling seems to allow for local governments to impose some limitations on the right to keep and bear arms .
In the majority opinion , Justice Samuel Alito wrote that the Second Amendment “ limits ( but by no means eliminates ) their ability to devise solutions to social problems that suit local needs and values . ”
Following the decision , gun rights organizations such as the National Rifle Association quickly stated their intent to challenge various local gun bans across the country .
“ For over 30 years , we ’ve had to listen to groups say ( gun possession ) is n’t an individual right , and now it ’s been proven we ’re right , ” said Kim Stolfer , chairman of Firearms Owners Against Crime , a Pennsylvania group that opposes restricting the gun rights of non-criminals .
Still , bans such as the one in Chicago do n’t exist in Pennsylvania .
An ' open - carry ' state
Pennsylvania is an “ open - carry ” state , meaning any adult , non-criminal can openly carry a loaded gun .
A license is required to carry a concealed gun .
The only places that open carry is n’t allowed are schools , secure areas of airports , state parks and courthouses .
State law forbids municipalities from passing gun laws that are more strict than state law .
Still , Philadelphia has numerous gun control laws created in response to the city ’s high rate of gun violence , and many other municipalities have narrow bans on guns .
These include Harrisburg , Camp Hill and several other local municipalities that ban guns from public parks .
Stolfer , 55 , a retired postal worker who lives in Allegheny County , believes many Pennsylvania gun restrictions are illegal , especially in light of the new Supreme Court ruling .
He contends the state ’s gun laws are riddled with technicalities that can put law - abiding gun owners on the wrong side of the law .
Stolfer opposes most if not all gun bans , even bans of guns in schools .
He argues that existing laws barring minors from owning guns can be used to handle cases of guns in schools .
He further argues that research related to the many gun bans imposed over the years prove they do n’t reduce crime .
“ Gun free zones do nothing but empower criminals , ” he said .
“ The fact is , gun laws kill , and they have done nothing to protect freedom or safety . ”
Stolfer is greatly encouraged by the Supreme Court ruling , which he said clearly affirms that individuals have the right to own guns , and that right ca n’t be restricted by local individuals crafting policy based on their personal beliefs .
Thomas , the Philadelphia Democrat , sees a dire need for communities to be able to impose gun-related restrictions to deal with local problems such as high rates of illegal guns and gun-related crime .
He said he ’s deeply troubled by the Supreme Court ’s use of the term “ fundamental right ” regarding gun ownership .
He expects it will become an uphill struggle for communities trying to deal with gun-related problems .
“ A lot of these punks think they have a fundamental right to take guns in the streets and defend themselves and do whatever they want to do , ” he said .
Still , he stressed that the Supreme Court ruling “ left intact a small window for states and local municipalities to take some steps to deal with this proliferation of guns . ”
He plans to push to create a state commission that would allow municipalities dealing with major gun-related problems to obtain exemptions to the state law .
Both sides dig in
In Pennsylvania , the gun debate flares up regularly , over a range of proposals .
The NRA has waged a campaign to prevent Pennsylvania from closing the so - called “ Florida loophole ” that enables people who do n’t qualify for a Pennsylvania license to obtain one over the Internet from Florida .
State Rep. Bryan Lentz , D - Delaware County is a leader in the effort to close the loophole .
Lentz expects more challenges of gun laws , but predicts most wo n’t be affected by the Supreme Court ruling .
He expects laws such as Pennsylvania ’s requirement of a license to carry a concealed weapon will survive .
Nor does he expect the ruling to hurt the effort to close the loophole .
The gun control debate often shifts to matters related to hunting and gun dealers .
But state Rep Scott Perry , R - York , argues the core reason the founding fathers insisted that citizens have the right to bear arms is so they could “ rise up against a government that becomes too powerful . ”
He said he ’s pleased by the Supreme Court ruling , and hopes it will pave the way , all over the country , for gun policy that better - reflects the intent of the Constitution .
Still , Perry , who sponsored a castle doctrine bill , is n’t expecting gun restrictions to quickly melt away in Pennsylvania .
Rather , he predicts gun rights - related bills will become stuck in committees controlled by legislators who favor restrictions and who now realize , because of the Supreme Court ruling , that the bill is certain to pass if given a vote .
“ It ’s probably going to make either side just dig in a little harder on the issue , ” he said .
Just northeast of Cincinnati , Ohio , a sort of wooden Stonehenge is slowly emerging as archaeologists unearth increasing evidence of a 2,000 - year - old ceremonial site .
Among their latest finds : Like Stonehenge , the Ohio timber circles were likely used to mark astronomical events such as the summer solstice .
Formally called Moorehead Circle but nicknamed " Woodhenge " by non-archaeologists , the site was once a leafless forest of wooden posts .
Laid out in a peculiar pattern of concentric , but incomplete , rings , the site is about 200 feet ( 57 meters ) wide .
( See a picture of reconstructed timber circles near Stonehenge . )
Today only rock - filled postholes remain , surrounded by the enigmatic earthworks of Fort Ancient State Memorial ( map ) .
Some are thousands of feet long and all were built by Indians of the pre-agricultural Hopewell culture , the dominant culture in midwestern and eastern North America from about A.D. 1 to 900 .
This year archaeologists began using computer models to analyze Moorehead Circle 's layout and found that Ohio's Woodhenge may have even more in common with the United Kingdom 's Stonehenge than thought — specifically , an apparently intentional astronomical alignment .
The software " allows us to stitch together various kinds of geographical data , including aerial photographs and excavation plans and even digital photographs , " explained excavation leader Robert Riordan , an archaeologist at Wright State University in Dayton , Ohio .
The researchers had known , for example , that an opening in the rings ; a nearby , human - made enclosure ; stone mounds ; and a gateway in a nearby earthen wall are all aligned .
But the model revealed that the alignment is such that , during the Northern Hemisphere 's summer solstice — the longest day of the year — the sun appears to rise in the gateway , as seen from the center of the circle , Riordan said .
In much the same way , and on the same day , the sun appears to rise alongside Stonehenge 's outlying Heel Stone , casting a beam on the monument 's central altar .
( See Stonehenge pictures . )
Trench Mystery at Woodhenge
Park officials using ground - penetrating technologies discovered the first holes at Moorehead Circle in 2005 .
Since then , Riordan 's team 's excavations have revealed hundreds more .
About 10 inches ( 30 centimeters ) across and up to three feet ( one meter ) deep , the holes are thought to have held posts made from stripped oaks , hickories , and other local trees , Riordan said .
Each post probably stood about 10 to 13 feet ( 3 to 4 meters ) above ground , and some were spaced only a few inches apart .
At the center of the innermost circle is a patch of cleared earth filled with reddish , burned soil and hundreds of broken pottery fragments .
In 2007 Riordan and his team discovered a series of trenches filled with ash and clay and capped with gravel and soil .
The trenches ' layout mimics the pattern of the long - gone posts .
And as with the posts , Riordan said , " We have no idea what [ the trenches ] were built for . "
An Elaborate Construction
For the ancient Ohioans , constructing Moorehead Circle would have been a significant undertaking .
" They would have had to dig these holes , go get the trees , cut them , strip them , and carry them in , " Riordan said .
Workers would have had to carry limestone rocks from about a mile ( 1.6 kilometers ) away and up a 250 - foot ( 76 - meter ) hill .
The rocks would have then been broken up and placed in the pits to help keep the posts upright .
Not even digging the postholes would have been easy .
Lacking shovels or picks , the Hopewell people dug with bones and sharpened pieces of wood .
And for all their work , the circle 's creators must have known their monument was n't built to last .
After about ten years the wooden posts would have been largely rotted and ripe for replacement , Riordan said .
AT&T Inc. , reaching out to iPad users Sunday to explain why their email addresses were released last week , blamed the incident on " computer hackers " who " maliciously exploited " an attempt by the carrier to speed the process of logging in to its website .
The comments were the harshest yet by the carrier , which apologized for the security lapse and said it would cooperate with any efforts to investigate or prosecute the breach .
" AT&T ...
A 44 - year - old worker on a temporary contract has lost his job at Haarlem railway company Nedtrain for cutting a colleague ’s vuvuzela in half , the Haarlems Dagblad reports on Friday .
‘ At one point someone was blowing on three of them at the same time , ’ Nels van Toor told the paper .
‘ The further the Dutch progresses , the worse it gets . ’
The climax came on Wednesday when his workmates attached a vuvuzela to a compressed air pump .
‘ It made the most unbelievable noise .
It is vuvuzela terror , ’ he said .
Van
Toor then sawed the offending instrument in two , but was ordered to report to the boss and sacked on the spot .
No -one from Nedtrain was available to comment , the paper said .
Are we all football crazy or being driven mad by football ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The possible shape of things to come in military aircraft has been unveiled in Lancashire .
Taranis is an unmanned stealth aircraft that BAE Systems in Warton , Preston , have been building for the last four years .
The prototype demonstrator has taken a million man-hours to put together .
The aircraft is designed to have the capability to fend off attack , fly deep into enemy territory , deploy weapons or bring back intelligence .
It 's cost over £ 140 m and flight trials are due in 2011 for the Taranis , named after the Celtic god of thunder .
See also :
The Daily Telegraph has published satellite images of North Korean leader Kim Jong - il 's houses and of jails in the Stalinist country .
The daily carried the images under the title " A bird 's eye view of the prisons and palaces of Kim Jong - il 's North Korea . "
Images show Kim's Sinuiju palace complete with a private train station as well as a residence with a large swimming pool near Pyongyang .
Other images show Pyongyang Golf Links , the North 's only 18 - hole golf course in Mt. Taesong ; Kim 's yacht moored at nearby Lake Taesong ; and an ostrich farm and a chewing gum factory in Pyongyang .
" Looking closely at the images of North Korea using the Google Earth web service one can see evidence of not only [ leader ]
Kim Jong - il 's lavish lifestyle but also of the state 's gulags and prison camps , " the paper said .
Speed cameras on freeways across Arizona went dark just before midnight last night , ending the state 's controversial experiment with photo enforcement .
The short - lived program expired after the state Department of Public Safety decided against renewing its contract with camera vendor Redflex Traffic Systems .
Gov. Jan Brewer signaled in January that she planned to bring the cameras down .
From the beginning , photo cameras had been heavily criticized as a government money - making scheme that did not enhance public safety .
The program even incited vandalism of cameras and the fatal shooting of a Redflex technician last year .
Supporters point to studies suggesting photo enforcement reduces crashes and saves lives .
And with the cameras gone , Redflex is warning that speeding will spike to dangerous levels .
" This should be a wake - up call to everyone in the community to be even more careful and watch for a large increase in aggressive , dangerous driving , " said Shoba Vaitheeswaran , a spokeswoman for Redflex , which has its U.S. headquarters in Phoenix .
Meanwhile , critics are cheering the move as a victory for personal liberties .
Former state Rep. Sam Crump , a Republican who resigned to run for Congress , said the cameras are an abuse of technology in the hands of government and could lead to more intrusive practices .
" I can see the Obama administration putting a chip in every car and saying , ' We 'll issue a ticket , ' " if you break the law , he said .
Cities with their own speed - camera programs , including Phoenix , Mesa , Scottsdale and Chandler , are not affected by DPS ' decision .
Efforts to outlaw photo enforcement statewide through a ballot initiative have not gotten enough voter signatures or have died in the Arizona Legislature .
Redflex has until mid-November to remove its 78 fixed and mobile cameras from Arizona freeways .
The company said it will leave the fixed cameras in place through Labor Day to gather data on speeding trends after the program 's end .
Crews were to begin removing signs for the cameras around midnight Thursday .
The warning signs will be replaced by messages from the Arizona Department of Transportation reminding people to drive safely .
Since the cameras first popped up in September 2008 , they have snapped more than 2.7 million times .
Of those , only about 16 percent resulted in paid citations , generating $ 78 million for a fund controlled by the Legislature .
Then - Gov. Janet Napolitano , who shepherded the program before resigning to join the Obama administration last year , famously estimated the cameras would generate $ 90 million in their first year .
DPS officials have been ambiguous about whether they hope to revive the program sometime in the future .
Two days before a top commander sent a letter to Redflex indicating the agency would let the contract expire , he sent legislators an e-mail lobbying them to support a bill giving DPS full control over the program .
That bill passed .
The agency wo n't answer questions about its lobbying for the bill .
But a future governor could bring the cameras back .
Recently appointed DPS Director Robert Halliday has said he scrapped photo enforcement because he was uncomfortable with the perception that DPS was more interested in revenue than safety .
One of Halliday 's top priorities as director has been to increase the number of Highway Patrol officers , believing that troopers in marked cars , not cameras , will make Arizona 's roadways safer .
However , there is no planned increase in patrol efforts to coincide with the end of photo enforcement , said Robert Bailey , a DPS spokesman .
Officers will be " patrolling just like they did the day before , " he said .
This infographic covers a hot topic , texting while driving .
As mobile phones have become an everyday accessory ( and practical necessity ) , their capabilities have gone beyond calling to allow for texting , emailing and internet surfing .
Have you ever sat at a stoplight and counted the number of drivers who are talking on the phone ?
Now imagine how many are taking their eyes off the road to text – and how many of them are inexperienced teen drivers .
The statistics show that texting is more dangerous than talking on the phone , speeding and even drunk driving , as the infographic illustrates .
Yet so many people text while driving and assume it is n’t as dangerous .
Laws are coming up faster than a police cruiser in the rear view mirror to stop texting behind the wheel and it is a good thing ; we ca n’t sit by idly while careless drivers continue to cause car accidents because they could n’t put down their mobile phones .
Play it safe and put the mobile phone down while driving , or you may need a good traffic attorney , a doctor or a hearse .
Infographic designed by Big Oak Studios
If you have been injured in an auto accident through no fault of your own , contact the personal injury attorneys at Allen , Allen , Allen & Allen online or call 866-388-1307 for a free consultation .
Download this infographic .
The government just upped the Deepwater Horizon leak estimate to 60,000 barrels per day :
Secretary Chu , Secretary Salazar , and Dr. McNutt convened a group of federal and independent scientists on Monday to discuss new analyses and data points obtained over the weekend to produce updated flow rate estimates .
Working together , U.S. government and independent scientists estimate that the most likely flow rate of oil today is between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels per day .
The improved estimate is based on more and better data that is now available and that helps increase the scientific confidence in the accuracy of the estimate .
Just last week the official estimate was 20,000 to 40,000 barrels per day ; up from BP 's long - standing estimate of 5,000 barrels per day ; up from the original estimate of 1,000 barrels per day .
At this point Cassandras like Matthew Simmons are starting to look a lot more credible .
( Linda Stern is a freelance writer .
Any opinions in the column are hers .
You can follow Linda Stern 's financial notes on Twitter at www.twitter.com/lindastern)
WASHINGTON , July 7 ( Reuters ) -
These are scary and depressing times for investors , but especially so for retirees and other folks who need to squeeze regular income from their investments .
Yields on Treasury notes have fallen from 3.99 percent in April to 2.93 percent last week .
Money market mutual funds are yielding 0.08 percent .
And they are n’t even guaranteed .
Anyone who needs yield and safety is in a bind , but there are a few places to go .
Here ’s where to squeeze out some comparatively safe and sizable yields now .
-- Dividend - paying stocks .
The decline in stock prices over the last two months has produced a corresponding increase in dividend yields .
Furthermore , as interest rates have remained at or near historically low levels , they have made dividends look better in comparison .
Stolid companies like Bristol Myers Squibb and Clorox Co. are paying out 5.18 percent and 3.56 percent for their investors , according to Dividend.com . ( www.dividend.com).
On that Website , you can find companies yielding as much as 21 percent , but you do n't need me to tell you that 's kind of risky .
Look for conservative companies with a long history of increasing their dividend .
Remember that banks used to be the best dividend payers until they hit the credit crisis and mostly canceled their payouts .
And BP used to be a dividend gem until its infamous oil spill .
-- A checking account .
It may seem crazy , but some hungry national credit unions and savings banks are offering higher interest on checking accounts than they are on certificates of deposit .
The Aspire Federal Credit Union in Leesburg , Virginia , is paying 3.51 percent , for example .
These accounts typically have restrictions ; limited check writing , minimum ( or maximum ) balances and the like .
Find the details at Checking Finder . ( www.checkingfinder.com).
-- Online bank CDs .
Banks that exist only on the Internet tend to pay higher rates on certificates of deposit than those banks that have to invest in bricks and mortar , according to Bankrate.com .
The national average for a one - year CD is 0.69 percent .
Net - based banks like Ally and Bank of Internet are paying north of 1.5 percent .
Find them at Bankrate.com ( www.bankrate.com).
-- Municipal bonds .
Localities are paying more than 5 percent ( and sometimes a lot more than 5 percent ) to borrow money , now that many state and municipal governments are in debt trouble , according to data published on MunicipalBonds.com .
And their interest is free of federal ( and sometimes state and local ) taxes .
Their chance of default is n’t huge , but it can happen .
( New York City defaulted in 1975 and Cleveland defaulted in 1978 . )
To minimize your risks , buy munis through a mutual fund that diversifies its holdings instead of buying individual bonds .
-- Corporate bonds .
Companies are n’t the safe haven that the U.S. Treasury is , so they have to pay more in interest to attract lenders .
You do n’t have to move down into junk bond territory to pick up some of that extra money , either .
Average yield for 10 - year A rated corporate bonds is around 4.49 percent .
Again , you can cut your risk by buying these bonds within a diversified mutual fund .
Even if one company refuses to pay off its lenders , you ’ll have many other company bonds in your portfolio .
-- Treasury ladders .
Treasuries are n’t paying much right now , but someday they probably will be .
And that will make the Treasuries you ’re buying now even more risky than you ’d think if you were simply looking at their present lousy yields .
But if you spread out your buying with a strategy called “ building a ladder , ” you can bump up your returns and minimize your risks .
To build a ladder , divide the amount you want to invest into 5 separate pots , and buy individual bonds of varying maturities with each pot .
So , buy a 1 - year Treasury bill , a 2 - year note , a 3 - year note , a 4 - year note and a 5 - year note .
As each one matures , use the proceeds to buy a 5 - year note .
In four years , you ’ll have a rolling portfolio of 5 - year Treasuries .
You ’ll lock in longer - term yields , but still have some money coming due every year to buy better - yielding bonds if interest rates rise .
Mastercheap : Would Aldi Make A Difference ?
Since I announced the Mastercheap project and revealed my shopping list , there ’s been a steady stream of comments suggesting that I could have gotten myself a much better deal by shopping at Aldi .
While there ’s no denying the chain ’s low pricing , for the purposes of this project Aldi does n’t scrub up any better than its rivals .
Picture by lilcrabbygal
For a brand that only started operations in Australia in 2001 and still has n’t left the east coast , Aldi has done a pretty good job of expanding — it now operates more than 200 stores — and impressing its low - priced brand image onto the country .
A big part of Aldi ’s budget strategy is minimising choice : for most products , you only get the option of its house brands .
Like Woolworths and Coles , it also offers bargain - priced and premium house brand items , though not across all categories and almost invariably only in a single size .
One consequence of that approach is that in many cases that means buying goods in bulk quantities , and that was something I noted in my initial post as not being a particularly useful choice when you ’re on a fixed budget with an empty pantry but want as much variety as possible .
Given how many people have suggested that I short - changed myself by shopping at Woolworths rather than Aldi , though , it ’s worth revisiting a couple of points .
The first is to emphasise that when I did my initial thinking on this topic , a process that started about three months back , I went through the stores of every major supermarket brand —
Woolworths , Coles , Franklins , IGA and Aldi — and noted down all the cheap options that they had .
The conclusion I drew about Aldi was that it offered the same cheap prices on many of the staples as its rivals .
It was n’t any more expensive , but it was n’t any cheaper either .
Careful price matching is obviously going on through all the supermarkets on their bargain ranges : if you want to buy a store - brand container of “ table spread ” , it will cost you $ 1.09 .
The other thing I noticed was outside those everybody - sells them options , Aldi did n’t have as many unusual low - priced items in small sizes as some of its rivals .
In large part , that was because it did n’t have as many items , period .
That meant it was certainly competitive , but it did n’t offer a massively different range of choices , and did n’t always have the sizes that made sense for my needs .
Add to that the fact my nearest store is a 30 minute walk away , and there was no compelling reason to choose it as my shopping destination .
However , given the objections I ’ve been hearing this week , this morning I went to an Aldi store and compared the specific pricing for what I ’ve bought for Mastercheap with what Aldi had on offer .
As I ’d found before , for the vast majority of items on the list — bread , eggs , milk , margarine , pasta , frozen vegetables — Aldi had exactly the same options for exactly the same price .
There was just one notable item that was ridiculously cheaper : a box of 100 tea bags for $ 0.99 .
( Aldi also had a $ 2.29 box that matched the price I paid for tea earlier this week ) .
I do n’t recall seeing this bargain during my initial research ( and tea was one of the items I specifically checked ) , which could mean either it ’s a new addition or the store I visited was out of stock at the time .
At this budget level , an extra $ 1.30 would certainly be welcome ( it ’d get me a couple of pieces of fresh fruit , for example ) .
However , that advantage would be somewhat offset by the couple of items I simply could n’t have purchased at Aldi at all — the cake mix and the single meat pie — and that would have been replaced by potentially pricier alternatives .
As well , I ’d have had to compensate for the couple that either cost a little more ( jelly was $ 0.49 rather than $ 0.39 ) or that had notably less content ( such as the 500 ml pasta sauce ) , which would have forced me to spend a little more overall .
The bottom line is that I could have assembled a similar menu shopping at Aldi ( or Coles or Franklins , though not by my own reckoning IGA ) as the one I actually assembled at Woolworths .
But I would n’t have got massively more food or a hugely different overall calorie count or nutritional profile .
Given that , sticking to a supermarket that ’s nearby was definitely the right call for me .
In the interests of cross - brand research , I ’ve purchased the $ 0.99 tea bags , and at the end of the Mastercheap experiment I ’ll sample them , to see how those tea bags compare to their suddenly - not - so - bargain basement rivals .
But for now , I ’m focusing on tomorrow , when the budget menu actually kicks in .
Lifehacker ’s Mastercheap experiment sees editor Angus Kidman trying to survive with a weekly food budget of just $ 25 .
Mississauga Mayor Hazel McCallion ’s reputation for integrity has come under close scrutiny at a judicial inquiry , amid evidence suggesting her son ’s company was “ using ” her to facilitate a $ 14.4 million land deal — and by notes that have her attending a previously unreported private meeting on the subject .
The second phase of the Mississauga inquiry opened with dramatic testimony Thursday involving emails and documents connected to Michael Nobrega , head of OMERS , the $ 40 billion municipal employees pension fund .
They raise questions about how deeply the mayor was involved in the controversial deal , by which son Peter McCallion ’s company , World Class Developments , had hoped to purchase a prime piece of downtown land from an OMERS subsidiary .
Peter McCallion ’s company , which also involved Vaughan businessman Tony DeCicco , wanted to build a hotel and convention centre on the site , a project the mayor strongly favoured .
“ The important thing is to maintain our relationship with the city , and we have done this to date , ” Michael Kitt of Oxford , a subsidiary of OMERS , wrote to Nobrega on Dec. 14 , 2008 , not long before OMERS terminated the tentative deal because certain conditions had not been met .
“ I do n’t trust the buyer ( World Class ) , and there is no doubt they are using Hazel in this process , but it is difficult to tell her that , especially with her son involved , ” Kitt wrote .
The meeting with Nobrega took place the previous March , as World Class Developments was trying to gain concessions from OMERS in the conditional land deal , as detailed in an internal memo .
“ Meeting with Hazel is on Thursday ( March 28 ) @ my office @ OMERS , ” says the note written by Nobrega .
According to testimony from a real estate lawyer working for OMERS , the pension plan did n’t really want to sell the land to World Class but entered the agreement mainly to please Mayor McCallion personally and fulfil the city ’s desire for a hotel - convention centre .
“ There was no burning desire for my client to sell this land other than to satisfy ( the city and the mayor ’s ) desire for a hotel , ” said Bram Costin .
He said he was told by various OMERS officials that the mayor “ very much thought a four - star hotel was needed at the city centre to enhance the area . ”
The private meeting and others occurred even as various approvals needed to build on the site were winding through city hall , and while , in public , the veteran mayor was declaring a conflict of interest at council votes involving the project .
The significance of the testimony was heightened by Justice Douglas Cunningham ’s rejection , earlier in the day , of attempts by the mayor ’s lawyers to narrow the scope of the inquiry .
They had wanted him to limit the definition of “ conflict of interest ” to issues where a vote was taken — a narrow description found in the Municipal Conflict of Interest Act .
“ Members of city council are entrusted by those who elect them to act in the public interest , ” Cunningham said in a strongly worded ruling rejecting that argument , the first setback for the mayor at the inquiry .
“ Optics are important .
In other words , members of a municipal council must conduct themselves in such a way as to avoid any reasonable apprehension that their personal interest could in any way influence their elected responsibility . ”
“ Suffice it to say that members of council ( and staff ) are not to use their office to promote private interests , whether their own or those of relatives or friends , ” said Cunningham .
“ They must be unbiased in the exercise of their duties .
That is not only the common law , but the common - sense standard by which the conduct of municipal representatives ought to be judged . ”
McCallion ’s lawyers had argued the provincial act only requires politicians to declare a financial interest in a matter ( as it relates to themselves , a parent , spouse or child ) at council meetings and committee votes .
The mayor ’s behind - the - scenes involvement in her son ’s land deal is now fair game for scrutiny at the inquiry .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Following Cunningham ’s ruling , her lawyer put out a statement saying , “ The Mayor welcomes a common sense approach to any issue …
The mayor has nothing to hide and says ‘ the facts are the facts . ’ ”
The inquiry will adjourn until later this month , and will continue through August and September .
The cost of the inquiry has now nearly doubled , to $ 5 million , from first estimates .
Read more about :
( CNN ) --
What is seen by some as the holy four - day weekend for geek culture at San Diego Comic - Con has gone mainstream in a big way for the past few years .
Are you a Comic - Con beginner ?
Get the rules right !
Starting today , there will be panels called " I Can't Write , I Can't Draw , But I Love Comics ! " and " Indie Comics Marketing 101 " taking place alongside " USA Network 's ' Psych ' " and " Aloha , Earth ! " a panel about CBS ' upcoming remake of " Hawaii Five - 0 . "
But this recent spate of panels about movie and TV properties with no sci- fi or comic book elements has some fans fuming .
" The mainstream TV and film representation at Comic - Con has outstripped the original essence of the convention , " said iReporter Brad Powers who attended Comic - Con the past two years , mainly for the panels on " Lost . "
He believed that this " mainstreaming " of the convention has played a hand in it being filled to capacity .
Going to San Diego Comic - Con ?
For one panel , Powers said he arrived a full 45 minutes before it was set to begin .
" Thirty minutes passed and I thought for sure I was getting closer to the front door .
Finally , 10 minutes after the start , some nice Con attendee started walking back through the line to let everyone know that they were full up and no one else would be getting in . "
Powers is not attending the convention this year since " Lost " has ended .
One iReporter , Michelle Cruz , has not attended in years .
" I do n't even try anymore , " she said . "
" They should have a Commercialism - Con and bring back Comic - Con the way it used to be . "
" It 's too crowded , too commercial , and , oh yea , it sells out before you even know who 's gonna be there , " she said .
" I 'd be really disappointed spending my money and seeing that I was gonna go to a panel discussion about [ the Fox series ] ' Glee . ' "
The fact that " Glee " attended last year ( and is returning this year ) certainly seemed to fuel anger among some Comic - Con devotees .
" It used to be the coolest thing in the world and now it 's just a reason not to drive downtown for a few days . "
Erin O'Donoghue , a hardcore fan of " Chuck , " is one of those who disagrees .
" I am not one of those who believe it should remain solely in the realm of comics and their related forms of media , " she said .
" I personally really enjoy the fact that SDCC has become a celebration of popular culture and every entertainment medium . "
Even those who have covered the convention have differing opinions about it .
Vic Holtreman of Screenrant.com does n't think that non -genre panels are a very good idea .
" I guess the studios figure , well , as long as we 're here we might as well throw this movie out there .
...
Maybe we give this a little boost , " he said .
" Last year , at one of the studio panels , they had the Mike Judge film , ' Extract , ' and people saw the footage .
Then the movie completely tanked . "
Fanbolt.com 's Emma Loggins , on the other hand , sees a place for these kinds of panels at Comic - Con .
" I think that what it 's really about is anything that has a strong fan base .
It also brings in other people to the convention that otherwise would n't be interested , " she said .
Quite a few people she has talked to , however , disagree with her .
She even recalls a quite vocal reaction last year to a movie that , on the surface , would seem like a good fit .
" Con-goers were protesting at the Summit Entertainment booth saying ... with signs , ' Twilight Ruined Comic Con , ' because fans could n't get into see panels earlier in the day because of the thousands of ' Twilight ' fans that descended on Hall H. "
This year , those fans can breathe a sigh of relief , since the cast of " The Twilight Saga " wo n't be there -- this year .
But there are plenty of other panels , such as one for Will Ferrell 's cop comedy " The Other Guys , " which will ensure the debate continues .
One more reason to love Michael Emerson :
He just spilled the goods on an amazing surprise for any Lost fan planning to buy the final DVD collection of all six sdeasons .
( And trust me , now there is very good reason . )
There will be more Lost .
There is more to the story , and we will get to see it !
Praise Jacob !
Or should we say ... Hurley ?!
CIUDAD JUAREZ , Mexico —
If Dante had ever been to Juarez he would have placed it squarely in the seventh circle of hell , the one housing " violence " and " ringed by a river of boiling blood . "
The city , which lies on the Rio Grande just across from El Paso , Texas , is the murder capital of the world , claiming more than 5,500 killings since January 2008 .
It is responsible for one - fifth of the more than 25,000 drug- related murders that have occurred in Mexico since 2006 when President Felipe Calderon officially declared war on the country ’s heavily armed drug cartels .
That national war reached another dramatic turning point last month when the front - running candidate for governor in a drug - torn Mexican border state was assassinated by gunmen believed to have been sent by a drug cartel .
Nowhere is the violence more horrific than in Juarez , where 13 teenagers were murdered at a party and 17 recovering drug addicts killed at a rehab center .
But amid all the media spotlight on this butchery , the facts of who exactly is fighting , who is dying and why remain misty and confusing to many observers .
In this special report , “ The Seven Circles of Juarez :
The murder capital of the world and those who dwell in its unique hell , ” GlobalPost features a series of videos and dispatches that explore the concentric rings of greed , lust , avarice and complicity that have made the town its own , living inferno .
We also look at the human stories of the paramedics , priests and social workers trying to pull the city up from the fiery depths .
Here 's a quick primer on the conflict .
We hope it provides a way to navigate down into the reality and the complexity of life in Juarez .
Is Ciudad Juarez really the most murderous city in the world ?
Most sources , including the FBI and various non-governmental organizations , find that it is .
In 2009 , Juarez had 191 homicides for every 100,000 inhabitants , according to Mexico ’s Citizen Council for Public Security .
In second place was San Pedro Sula , Honduras , with 119 killings .
New Orleans , America ’s most murderous city , had a rate of 69 killings , putting it in eighth place .
The United States as a whole has an annual murder of about 5 per 100,000 .
Of course , many homicides both in Juarez and around the world are never reported .
Watch a video about the Herculean task of Juarez 's paramedics :
Who is fighting in Juarez ?
According to both Mexican and U.S. agents , the conflict exploded in January 2008 when the Sinaloa Cartel , led by Joaquin “ Chapo ” Guzman went to war with its old partners in the Juarez Cartel , led by Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , for control of the city .
To fight this war , the Juarez mob recruited a street and prison gang called the Barrio Azteca while the Sinaloa Cartel recruited a rival gang called the Artist Assassins , or Double A’s .
The alignment of these thousands of street gang members backed by the money and armed with weapons smuggled from the United States , has led to a major proliferation of the violence .
What are the cartels fighting over ?
The main bounty of Juarez is its position for smuggling narcotics into the United States .
Located in the center of the 2,000 - mile U.S. - Mexico border , Juarez has long been a strategic treasure for moving cocaine , heroin , marijuana and crystal methamphetamine toward American users .
The gangsters who control this “ plaza ” can not only move their own drugs but tax other smugglers 20 percent to move their goods through the corridor .
Furthermore , the Juarez plaza includes both the international bridges in the city itself and the ports and open desert that stretch out into the Juarez Valley .
In total , it is worth billions of dollars .
Do many drugs stay in Mexico ?
With narcotics long passing through the city and many migrants returning from the United States with addiction problems , Juarez has developed a major local drug market particularly in cocaine and heroin .
The city now has thousands of tienditas , or “ little shops ” for drugs .
Each of these small businesses purportedly collects thousands of dollars daily in sales .
The fighting over these street corners has exasperated the war for the smuggling corridor .
Many of those killed have been local dealers , who allegedly did not pay a certain cartel their “ tax ” to sell drugs .
Who is kidnapping / extorting ?
Juarez has been plagued by hundreds of kidnappings for ransom as well as groups demanding protection money from businesses since the conflict broke out in 2008 .
People who do n’t pay are often brutally murdered and many businesses have been burned down .
This extortion is the No. 1 concern for the business community .
However , it is unclear who exactly is behind it .
The cartels themselves could be involved but some agents argue the drug bosses would not be messing with shakedowns worth as little as $ 200 per month .
Gang members or killers with tenuous links to the mobs could also be making extra cash .
In 2008 , the city government fired 600 corrupt police officers .
Some allege they are the main culprits of the extortion rackets .
Others say that opportunistic criminals with no connection at all to the cartels have just taken advantage of the violent chaos to make quick cash .
How many of the killings are related to the cartel war ?
It is impossible to say how many of the murders are really related to the broader fight for control of the drug trade .
The vast majority of the homicides are never solved and even when there are arrests — including some hired cartel hitmen accused of hundreds of killings — the only evidence is a confession obtained under torture .
Drug cartel operatives also murder many victims for personal beefs , including fights over lovers or questions of disrespect .
And with such widespread impunity , it is easy for those with grudges in Juarez to think they can get away with murder .
However , the vast majority of killings do have all the signs of gangland hits , including use of automatic rifles and ambushes involving several vehicles .
Why have the police and army been incapable of stopping the violence ?
The Mexican government has pushed a force of up to 10,000 into the city including soldiers , federal police and agents , state police and a beefed - up local police force .
However , the troop surges have only been able to establish temporary lulls in the violence .
Analysts point to several reasons for their failure .
First , the soldiers and federal paramilitary police often lack the investigative skills to go after criminals , who are often able to evade capture by hiding in local neighborhoods where they are provided cover and support .
Second , the economic recession and continuation of drug dollars lead to a never - ending army of hitmen replacing those killed .
Thirdly , the rot of corruption continues to spread through police officers , even as others are fired .
7 circles of Juarez : a series
How cartels have turned youth into hit men
Video : who 's to blame ?
Timeline : the meltdown of Juarez
Vuvuzelas are driving the entire world crazy .
Spectators from all over the world may be complaining that the horrible noise from the horns blown at the World Cup games in South Africa is keeping them from enjoying the matches .
But a number of Israeli Internet entrepreneurs have found a way to make money off the phenomenon .
Oron Barber of AllDings has been working since June 2009 on the www.buy-vuvuzela.com site , and now is reaping the fruits of the efforts .
Open gallery view Fans blow vuvuzelas at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa .
Credit : AP
He 's managed to put the site at the top of Google 's search rankings when you search for " buy vuvuzela " or " where to buy vuvuzela " by using search engine optimization techniques .
Even typing in just the word " vuvuzela " puts them high up on the first page of search results .
" We worked on setting up the site for three months before the World Cup , after last year when we realized that FIFA approved the horns , it would be a good business , " Barber told TheMarker .
The site does not actually sell the horns , but merely serves as an intermediary to connect buyers and sellers .
In other words , buyers order and the site sends the orders on to suppliers it works with - and pays AllDings .
Barber admits that it is possible to order directly from suppliers , and the price may even be lower .
" There is no doubt that everyone can buy [ directly ] from the supplier .
We simply offer a convenient way for those who want to buy vuvuzelas over the Internet , " he said .
So far the site has sold some 20,000 to 30,000 horns .
" We are sending vuvuzelas to the entire world , but very few in Israel , " said Barber .
" We have sales to Pakistan , Jordan , Egypt and Algeria .
Most of our sales are to Europe , particularly Britain . "
Barber is not the only ones trying to make money off of vuvuzelas , and there are competitors on the Internet - Israeli and otherwise .
www.vuvuzela.co.il is all in Hebrew , but is also packed with information and history - as well as how to order .
The site 's owner , Avi Hazan , said he now works only with wholesalers such as toy shops .
" We saw the vuvuzelas a year ago at the Confederation Cup , we saw clips on YouTube and it excited us , " he said .
Hazan says he has already sold thousands in Israel , and they go for about NIS 30 in stores .
Hazan and his partners are actually in the business of building Internet sites and interactive marketing , but say it is fun to sell the horns .
As to whether the vuvuzelas take away from the game , Hazan disagrees : " As soon as you have one you will no longer be annoyed .
Maybe now that it has reached Israel , 2,000 fans at a league game will sound like 20,000 fans . "
It is well known that Motorola has plans to unveil some brilliant Android smartphones by the end of this year and just lately there has been news that they are working on some really powerful Android devices .
Motorola CEO
Sanjay Jha had some really brilliant things to talk about at the Executives Club of Chicago , one of them was an announcement of a 2GHz Android smartphone which is expected to hit the stores by the end of 2010 .
This ridiculously overpowered Android phone will definitely set some new standards in the market and we may expect much powerful devices next year .
Motorola has plans to incorporate everything that is technologically possible in a smartphone .
These upcoming phones would be Android based , they will accommodate a gyroscope ( you know where the inspirations comes from 😉 ) , will have a NVIDIA Tegra based GPU and full Flash 10.1 hardware acceleration .
Although no further details are yet known stay in touch with us and we will keep you updated .
Source : Droid - Life
A fire which raged through a densely - populated district of the Bangladeshi capital , Dhaka , has killed at least 116 people .
The fire is thought to have started when an electricity transformer blew up ; it was then fuelled by chemicals in a storeroom .
It engulfed a five - storey apartment block that had metal grilles on its windows and no fire escape .
Joy Mamun is the head of news for ATN Bangla TV and was at the scene of the fire in the Najirabazar area of old Dhaka .
To play this content JavaScript must be turned on and the latest Flash player installed .
Latest Flash player available here Play in either Real OR Windows Media players
First broadcast 4 June 2010
Takahashi Minekichi was a rural Japanese strawberry farmer with a vision .
For 21 years he carved the beginnings of a grand hotel into the solid rock wall of a cliff face on his land , digging out the contours only he could see .
He did it all alone , using only a chisel , until the day he died in 1925 .
It was never completed , and no rooms beyond the lobby and kitchen / shrine were ever dug .
No - one ever stayed there , but still it remains to this day , thoroughly fenced off and out of bounds .
Inside the Gan Kutsu cliff face hotel , grand staircase .
The last time I came to the Gan Kutsu hotel was with SY , you can see that post here .
It was completely blocked off , with no gaps or breaks in the metal grilles covering the several entrances .
We didn`t even climb the outer fence , just admired Minekichi`s handiwork from the outside .
For the longest time since I`ve wanted to go back , climb the outer fence , and just make 100 % sure entry was impossible .
This past weekend I did just that .
It was the last time for me to haikyo with Mike and Scott together , as Mike is soon leaving to go study graphic design back in Canada .
We`ve been on so many haikyo together , and together witnessed our interest in the hobby change .
In the early days any kind of location was intensely exciting .
Hotels were great .
Factories were awesome .
After going to plenty though , the attraction changed .
Hotels and factories began to all look much the same .
The spark of excitement that exploring them brought had been dulled by familiarity .
So I rolled out the Gan Kutsu hotel ; a truly unique and virtually unexplored ruin .
We would not be shy or skittish about it .
We would without a doubt climb the fence and reconnoiter the door - grilles .
We would take shots through the bars .
We would try to climb up to the open windows .
And if we failed , we`d know we`d failed trying to do something cool .
If the local police came to shoo us off , fine , we`d take it .
It `s hardly a US Air Force Base , I doubt they`d do much other than send us on our way .
The wooden boards here are obscured .
We didn`t want to hang around shooting in front because we didn`t want to attract too much attention .
We approached in the rain , Mike and Scott teasing me for my prediction `it`s about ten minutes walk from the station` repeatedly .
I guess it was more like half an hour .
We crested the rise to the bridge and saw the hotel over the river , its forecourt much thicker with summer growth than when I visited last time .
My first thought was - `good cover` .
My second thought , as we got closer , was one of jubilation - someone had smashed in the wooden pallets blocking the smallest entrance , meaning entry was completely within reach .
My heart sang .
I`d always thought those wooden boards were a weak spot , and while I wouldn`t have smashed them in myself ( just too dangerous to do so in the middle of the day ) , I might have had a go at quietly prying them loose .
But , no need , it was already done .
Out front there was very little foot traffic .
We strafed the front fence once , noting the weak spots .
It had one small area without barbed wire , right next to the main gate .
We planned a commando - like assault , one by one , until Scott noticed the lady sitting inside the ice cream parlor across the way , who had a clear line of sight towards us .
We hovered there for a moment , and she must have been wondering what the heck we were up to .
We retreated out of sight and plotted .
Could we go under the fence at another point ?
Would we abort ?
The only other feasible possibility seemed to be round the side where , sheltered by overgrowth , we could attempt to clamber up the cliff itself and over the fence .
It seemed ropey for a while , the vegetation too thick , the fence too high , but with persistence we were soon all up , over , and squeezing through the gap in the wooden fence .
Inside , the narrow passageway went back for about 10 meters .
To the right was a long thin staircase ( carved into the rock ) heading up .
I logged the stairs for later exploration and headed deeper , flashing my torch beams along the walls .
When I noticed the ceiling it gave me a start - there were dozens of big brown cave crickets clustered inches above my head .
For a moment I freaked out , terrified one would drop onto my head , then just forced myself to not look at the anymore .
It worked .
Cave crickets .
Some of them were pretty huge .
From there we explored .
The lobby was large and airy , lots of light coming in through the wide - open grille entrance .
The stone - work in places was ornate , with flourishy rolls carved into the rock .
It must have taken Minekichi years just to hollow out this space .
I can imagine him meticulously measuring , shaving millimeters of rock at a time , envisioning the lobby as it would be .
The grand central staircase ascended into darkness , and I reserved exploring it til the end .
The next room over seemed to be some kind of shrine , or possibly kitchen , with lots of shelves carved into the wall and a sink - like area .
The feeling in there was wonderful , with light shafting in through the grille and tinted with the greenery over the front .
Ascending into darkness .
Looking out of the grille of the lobby .
One of the side corridors leading off the lobby , showing traces of decorative wall - paper / plaster .
Shrine / kitchen .
Stone shelving .
Are these slots for little icons / gods , or for storing ingredients ?
After that we headed deeper , into a huge open cavern that was completely black inside , and extended further than our combined flashlights could delve .
There were two benches in an observation area , a railing , then a long waterlogged hall stretching into the dark .
That the strawberry farmer had somehow carved all this seemed impossible - perhaps more likely he stumbled upon an existing cavern in the rock .
Lights and cables had once been strung up along the ceiling , but now hung down and caught the glare of our flashlights in the distance like hovering ghosts .
I took video of this part , which is all just us flailing in the dark , in awe at the size of the place .
See that at the end .
Part of the huge size came from what must have been World War 2 tunnels .
These started to the right of the hotel itself , though were connected by a single metal door set into the stone .
These are much larger than the human - sized passageways Minekichi carved - instead they were a broad and tall smooth semi-circle in shape that could easily accommodate cars , perhaps even small tanks .
There were no rooms as such , just tunnels , and presumably they were used as secure ( from bombing runs above ) warehouses for munitions and vehicles , just as they were at the nearby Hyaku Ana cliff tombs .
We ventured into the depths of these tunnels , finding dimly glowing lichen and lots of puddles to step in .
Into the cavern .
At the end there`s a T - junction , with both wings heading off into the black watery distance .
Back to the grille .
Glowing lichen .
Grille .
Distant grille .
Signage in the tunnels .
Me on the left , Mike central , Scott right .
After that we began to finish up .
I headed first to the grand staircase in the lobby .
I ascended with bated breath , only to discover that at the top , my way ended in solid rock .
Evidently that was as far as Minekichi got .
The rooms and corridors that lay ahead only ever existed in his mind and were never realized .
The view down from the dead - end at the top of the grand staircase .
The second staircase , the one I`d logged first , led up to the windows and balcony overlooking the courtyard .
As I climbed , one of the cave crickets dived onto my head , which you can imagine freaked me out .
I hung motionless for a moment , dreading a mass stampede of the colony located just above me .
No more came though .
At the top there was only a narrow corridor linking the windows , and nothing else .
I tried to shoot the place well , but after the frozen depths of the inner caves , my camera lens was condensing the humid air like crazy .
Resultingly every shot came out blurred , though some of them in a neat way .
Blurred with condensation .
One of the blurry grilles in the rain .
So , that was the last haikyo trip with Mike .
I`ll admit , it is getting harder to find cool places to go explore these days .
Perhaps in Hokkaido , Shikoku , Okinawa , there are as yet undiscovered bounties of ruin .
I`ll have to work on it .
Cliff Hotel Interior from Michael John Grist on Vimeo .
See a curation of world ruins in the ruins gallery .
See my collection of Japanese ruins ( haikyo ) in the galleries :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
NEW DELHI , India —
Every year in India , shanty towns mushroom in the cities , cities sprawl into farmland and the country increases by the population of Australia .
Every day , every minute , on trains and buses , on sidewalks and streets , the country squeezes and shrinks and sucks in its breath to push too many people into too little space .
India has fallen behind in the race to meet the Millennium Development Goals for reducing its birth rate by 2015 .
Only about half of India 's 26 states have reached the targeted level of two children per mother .
In large , economically depressed states like Bihar and Uttar Pradesh , an average woman still bears four children over her lifetime .
This means India will surpass China to become the world 's most populous country by 2030 .
The continuing swell threatens the environment and places a tremendous burden on government services .
But obsession with the Millennium Development targets is pushing India back to incentive - based family planning , something the country first visited in the 1970s — where dangerous sterilization operations for women are too often presented as the first , and sometimes only , option for birth control .
Critics of India 's repackaged population control program say the cure may be worse than the disease .
" There 's a great hurry to again set targets from above to be followed by everyone .
And that 's again creating problems , " said A.R. Nanda , executive director of NGO Population Foundation of India and the former health secretary who wrote India 's population policy in 2000 .
The main worry ?
India 's National Population Stabilization
Fund has brought back controversial , incentive - based sterilization , among other initiatives aimed at reducing the birth rate .
While sterilization in and of itself is n't new to India , for the first time the country is outsourcing the work to private clinics — a move that has raised concerns about poor and illiterate women of rural India being pressured or fooled into going under the knife without fully understanding the risks , consequences and alternatives .
Cash rewards threaten to turn operating theaters into veritable assembly lines .
The fund 's Santushti scheme offers private sector payment of 15,000 rupees per operation and hospitals and clinics get 500 rupees extra per case if 30 cases are done on a single day in a fixed facility .
These factors make it more likely women will be denied their right to make informed choices about their medical care and increase the chances of surgical complications , said Abhijit Das , a former fellow in Population Innovations at the MacArthur Foundation who now heads an NGO called Healthwatch Uttar Pradesh .
" When you create an incentive system , it privileges one solution over the other and encourages them to cut corners , " Das said .
" And we 've had very bad experiences with that in the past . "
In the 1970s , the Indira Gandhi government pursued an aggressive , target - based sterilization program that featured similar incentives for participants , as well as compulsory vasectomies for men with two or more children .
Because of widespread corruption and abuses , however , many other men were tricked or forced to get the operation , and many women , too , were compelled to undergo much more dangerous sterilization procedures .
According to Dr. Amarjit Singh , who heads the National Population Stabilization Fund , it is making progress in getting people to use alternative forms of birth control , like intrauterine devices — a form of birth control that uses an object inserted into the uterus to prevent fertilization — in traditional problem states like Bihar and Orissa , which now have effective and proactive governments .
In Bihar , for instance , the number of women using the devices — an essential part of the population program in China , where 60 percent of women use them — climbed from around 40,000 in 2009 to around 200,000 last year .
The fund has also leveraged India 's recent Right to Education legislation with innovative schemes to encourage girls to stay in school , which not only means a delayed start to their childbearing years but also increases the likelihood that they will use birth control .
And private - public partnerships have helped reduce the number of home births by increasing the number of facilities available to poor women .
But the general perception remains that uneducated villagers can't be trusted to use other birth control methods and female sterilization is the only foolproof solution .
" In certain states , it 's still a very male - dominated society , so there 's no certainty that women can ensure that a condom can be used .
An IUD is a good alternative , " said Singh , referring to the acronym for intrauterine devices .
" But until we 're able to increase use , then sterilization is the focus . "
According to the latest National Family Health Survey , 37 percent of Indian women have undergone sterilization , compared with 1 percent of men , while just 3 percent are on the pill and only 5 percent use condoms .
The figures can be mind - boggling .
Along with the 150,000 - odd women who were fitted with intrauterine devices in Bihar last year , for instance , another 150,000 went for sterilization operations .
" Repeated surveys done in India say that in most cases sterilization is the first method [ of birth control ] people are using — which should not be the case , " said Das .
" About one - fourth of the people [ in a recent national health survey ] did not have any information about a second method and about a third of that one - fourth did not have any information about the safety of the sterilizaton procedure .
So there is no informed choice . "
That focus on sterilization has its own dangers .
Although activists pushed the Supreme Court to mandate minimum safety and quality standards for sterilization in 2005 , there is no real monitoring mechanism to ensure that facilities adhere to the norms .
Surgeries are no longer performed in cattle sheds .
But Das said that infections and other complications are still common .
All too often women die under the knife as tired surgeons rush through operations in hastily erected rural camps .
Although international figures suggest that about one in 200 female sterilization operations fail — resulting in unwanted pregnancies and other difficulties — in India that number is likely much higher .
Moreover , the focus on sterilization for birth control pushes women to have children early and then go for sterilization operations at 22 or 23 years old , which studies show makes them more vulnerable to various gynecological problems — and four times more likely to undergo a hysterectomy later in life .
As the world takes fearful stock of India 's growing numbers , it should remember that those figures represent human beings , says the Population Foundation 's Nanda .
And focus on the progress that has been made and why it has been made , rather than putting the country in the cross - hairs again .
" No such scare mongering should be done , " he said .
" The fertility rate has come down .
When we started , it was around six .
It has come down to 2.5 or 2.4 , and it will reach 2.1 in another five or 10 years , maximum .
In some states it may go a little later , but that should not lead us to do things that will cause problems for women . "
Editor 's note :
This story has been updated to reflect the fact that the population of India increases every year by that of Australia .
Amnesia Profile Blog Joined September 2009 United States 3818 Posts # 1
I really liked the guy 's style of writing , which makes this read even more enjoyable .
Anyways I enjoyed this very much .
Hope you guys too !
Quoting the Threadstarter Found this interesting read .
It 's a man 's story about his experience in prison .
I honestly thought this was absolutely amazing because I had no idea what prison was actually like .
It sounds horrible and I for one would never ever want to be there .
I really liked the guy 's style of writing , which makes this read even more enjoyable .
Anyways I enjoyed this very much .
Hope you guys too !
Quoting the Threadstarter
This guy gets 2 years for Armed Robbery , he makes a post before going into jail ( nothing special ) then a make a long thread after getting out .
It 's pinned on an imageboard I frequent , this is his story ;
also note that sister= girlfriend due to word filters on the imageboard and that he does use offensive language etc , so i guess read with a thick skin
------------
So I just got out of prison
... and fuck it if I 've forgotten how to work a mouse and hit the submit button too soon .
Shit [ sic ] has changed .
So many boards now .
I do n't know what the fuck is going on .
Where do I start ?
Two years inside and it's like the whole world has changed .
Just wanted a board where things stayed the same .
I do n't even recognise half the dickgirls on / di/ anymore .
Has the whole world grown tits while I was gone ?
And who the fuck if Justin Bieber ?
Is . Is Justin Bieber .
Lost my ability to spell .
I get out and first thing I see is that little homie has a tattoo but I do n't even know who the little homie is .
My cable got cancelled while I was away so I can't even find out .
Thank fuck for wireless internet , I swear to God it 's faster now too .
Seriously , it 's like I 've traveled through time .
Fucking iPads look like shit out the future .
Feel like I 've missed a decade of shitty memes .
also note that sister= girlfriend due to word filters on the imageboard and that he does use offensive language etc , so i guess read with a thick skin------------So
I just got out of prison ... and fuck it if I 've forgotten how to work a mouse and hit the submit button too soon .
Shit [ sic ] has changed .
So many boards now .
I do n't know what the fuck is going on .
Where do I start ?
Two years inside and it's like the whole world has changed .
Just wanted a board where things stayed the same .
I do n't even recognise half the dickgirls on / di/ anymore .
Has the whole world grown tits while I was gone ?
And who the fuck if Justin Bieber ?
Is .
Is Justin Bieber .
Lost my ability to spell .
I get out and first thing I see is that little homie has a tattoo but I do n't even know who the little homie is .
My cable got cancelled while I was away so I can't even find out .
Thank fuck for wireless internet , I swear to God it 's faster now too .
Seriously , it 's like I 've traveled through time .
Fucking iPads look like shit out the future .
Feel like I 've missed a decade of shitty memes .
Did you make a thread about this before you went in ?
I vaguely remember it .
Update about why you went in , how it was , etc ?
Sure did .
Would have been middle of 2008 what I was still pretty gung ho about it , before I stupidly tried to skip bail and ended up spending a month inside before trial .
Was inside from July '08 until Tuesday this week .
Feel like I 've lost more than two years , like I 've lost a decade or so .
This was my first time inside .
Was done for armed robbery and got 18 months on a plea bargain .
Got fucked on three parole hearings and ended up doing another four months .
You hear of these guys who get out early because they were ' model prisoners ' I do n't know how they do it .
So while I was inside I made a list of the worst things about prison to share with the boards I used to frequent .
Seemed like any discussion of prison would be all like ' lolrape ' and no actual info for anons that might find themselves in my shitty situation .
So here it is , the top 10 worst things about prison that you never knew about :
Sure did .
Would have been middle of 2008 what I was still pretty gung ho about it , before I stupidly tried to skip bail and ended up spending a month inside before trial .
Was inside from July '08 until Tuesday this week .
Feel like I 've lost more than two years , like I 've lost a decade or so .
This was my first time inside .
Was done for armed robbery and got 18 months on a plea bargain .
Got fucked on three parole hearings and ended up doing another four months .
You hear of these guys who get out early because they were ' model prisoners '
I do n't know how they do it .
So while I was inside I made a list of the worst things about prison to share with the boards I used to frequent .
Seemed like any discussion of prison would be all like ' lolrape ' and no actual info for anons that might find themselves in my shitty situation .
So here it is , the top 10 worst things about prison that you never knew about : 10 .
The Smell
Prison smells like shit .
Smells worse than shit .
You know the smell you imagine jenkem to smell like ?
Imagine that , only it 's being rubbed on the arm pits of a sweaty mexican and then his armpit pubes are being set fire too .
It 's that bad .
No one flushes the fucking john .
Ever .
You know how clean prison looks in all the pictures ?
It is , because we spend all fucking day cleaning it .
And then convicts just basically shit themselves for a laugh .
I switched buses on the way back and sat next to this guy wearing cologne .
I 'm not gay ( well , as not gay as you can be after being inside ) but I got a boner as soon as I smelt it .
Fucking amazing .
9 .
White people .
After the first year , I was ashamed to be white .
In the world , white people are capable of all kinds of great things , and all kinds of bad things .
But inside we 're just universally cunts .
Aryan Brotherhood were n't a big presence in my block , but they were bad enough to make you kind of wish your mother had been raped by a nigger .
And that 's before you meet your boss's .
Correctional Services officers come in all flavours , but white screws were the worst .
Black screws , you could tell were just poor niggers trying to get by in a shitty job .
Only white guys ever seemed to enjoy their shit .
Rape , dispite the rumours , is not a big deal inside .
It does n't happen that often .
But everytime it happened on my block it was a white guy .
And every time anyone got murdered , it was a white guy .
There were 33 murders while I was inside , 12 of them in my block .
All because white cunts could n't keep their dicks in their pants , or else ' cut someone 's eyes ' which was slang for stealing someone 's shit .
Being black in prison would have been awesome .
8. Getting fat .
There is no gym equipment in prison .
That whole , ' bunch of guys sitting around pumping iron ' image you have ?
Forget it .
Gym equipment is a weapon , and weapons are forbidden .
Our block had one treadmill that would occassionaly work .
You couple that with high fat food , all day , everyday , you start to go flabby really quickly .
One of the things that occupies a lot convict 's days is finding someway to try and do some physical activity .
After about six months I could feel my muscle mass going , so me and my cellmate would deadlift each other for a few hours .
Gayest thing you 've ever seen , but it filled in the time .
7. Solitary
I was fucking terrified of solitary confinement when I first went inside , which contributed to me behaving myself .
Until I realised that solitary is n't something you can hold off by just not being a dick .
It 's a reality of life and you will , at somepoint , be put in solitary for no fucking reason at all .
Usually , because there is a remand inmate that needs to be cycled into gen pop before trial and they need to free up your cell - so you go into solitary because there are n't any other beds .
I did two months of that all up .
No books , no blankets , no light , 23 hour lockdown .
Most they can do is 1 week at a stretch - worst part was knowing you were going to go back after a week if the block was too over crowded .
You spent your whole time in gen pop just anxious as fuck because you could get dragged off the chain at any moment and sent back .
6 . The Drugs
After a while , drugs become a viable option inside .
There is a lot on offer .
If you can get it out in the world , you can get it inside - for a better price strangely enough , considering the difficulty of getting it in .
That is if it is what your man says it is .
I decided to get onto horse after a few months , mostly as something to do .
I 'd tried heroin outside , but had n't liked it since getting on the nod seemed like a waste of time .
But inside , it 's great - a shot in solitary can make a week pass in no time at all .
Problem is the shit it will be cut with .
Flour , baking soda , jell - o crystals - all shit that should not be in a vein .
After a while , you just end up doing things that outside , you never would have dreamed of .
I was paranoid about getting the AIDS , so I kept this one needle the whole time I was inside .
Went rusty and I ended up spending a month in sick bay with tetenus .
When I could n't score for junk , I scored for codeine tablets .
Grew my thumb nail long and wrecked it on the concrete so it was sharp enough to cut open my thigh , and would stick the crushed up tablet inside .
Yeah , shit got that bad .
5 . The Economy
I joked to my cell mate on the first day that at least the GFC could n't fuck us inside .
He 'd been done for assaulting a cop when his house got taken by the bank .
But within months ' GFC Nigger ' became the standard reply to any query as to how black market prices were suddenly going through the roof .
The price of a deck of smokes tripled .
There was an actual economic reason about this .
I went away in Michigan , where a lot of people lost their houses , mostly poor people already .
When they had to move away from the prison , it meant they could n't bring their loved ones as much contraband group , which meant the price of what there was sky rocketed .
And the worse things got , the more the people who worked in the store would wonk and take home with them , which meant stocks ran low which fucked us even further .
Bet you did n't read about that one in the Wall Street Journal .
4. Losing everyone you ever loved .
No one ever talks about this because prison makes you a hard ass .
Or at least you teach yourself to think it does .
The first ones to go are your friends .
They tell you they 'll write and send you stuff - take every friend you 've ever had , now pick one .
There will be one that actually does it .
But they 'll stop after a few months .
Then your sister - they might say they 'll wait , but you know they wo n't .
I called mine on my second week and told her it was over .
Apart from the total shock of going away , I could n't stand spending every night wondering if she was getting cranked by some other dude .
Was one less thing to worry about .
My kid , who was about to turn 1 when I went away , will never have any idea who the fuck I am .
Her mom took her away the second I went inside .
Never called .
Do n't even know where to begin looking .
My Mom and Dad were the worst .
They promised me when I went inside that they 'd stick by me if I stuck by them , that all they wanted was the occassional phone call to let them know I was okay , and they 'd make sure they visited regularly .
I was so fucked up half the time I forgot when visiting day even was .
I realised , and tried to tell the boss that I did n't want to see them , that I was too messed up .
So the cunts dragged me by the hair through the block to the visiting room and propped me up on a chair in front of them and laughed .
They never came back , and they have n't seen me since I got out .
3. Lonliness
An old timer told me that when he first went inside , in the 80s , prison was all about cliques .
There were different gangs , people stuck together because of ethnicity , even religion .
Back then there were Irish Catholic cliques , Nation of Islam cliques - even white collar guys started cliques to avoid getting stepped on .
One thing the boss ' do very well is create an atmosphere of constant paranoia .
If you get shaken down and you get contrapedophile group found on you , they 'll stick you in solitary and finger your best friend for setting you up .
If you come inside with a pre-existing gang affiliation , like a lot of black guys do , they start by stepping on your friends straight away and blaming you for it until you 're a pariah .
Forget about the yard being full of big groups of guys chilling together .
No one hangs with anymore than three people for a stretch .
If you 're seen with a big group , you 'll be targeted by the screws .
Mostly , people do their time alone .
Pacing the yard , or even just ignoring their cell mates completely .
That gets to you more than anything .
The constant suspicion , and knowing you 're alone .
2. Death
I saw 12 deaths inside .
Three of them were at the hands of screws .
One of those was a gunshot to the head while a guy was trying to escape .
The other two were beatings , and I did n't know they 'd died until later .
It 's not right to call a prison shanking a ' stabbing ' because that 's not how you die .
Inside , we called it ' digging a hole ' or ' digging a well ' like 'he got a well dug in him ' or ' pulled out a hole ' .
The reason for this is the make shift weapons used inside are not easy to kill with .
You basically make a hole as fast as you can , by stabbing as fast as you can , and then you try and get a grip inside it and just start pulling .
I saw this right up close one time .
I had the distinct misfortune of having my cell behind a pillar , like a bulkhead kind of thing in the middle of the block .
So if you wanted to shank someone , it was a great place to hide .
On the flip side , it meant the boss ' gave it a lot of extra attention , which was bad for rubbing one out or taking a hit .
Two guys were loitering around the pillar one day , waiting for this fresh kid to wander past .
Prison gossip said he 's been worked over on his first night by someone who wanted him for a wife , but the kid fought back and nearly bit some fucker 's nuts off .
So his friends wait with a t - shirt , and a filed down toothbrush .
They 've cracked down on plastic toothbrushes , but there used to be enough of them that a lot of guys have them stashed away .
You can file down the ends on the concrete to a point .
One guy wraped a t - shirt around the kid's neck and lifted him off the ground from behind , and the other starts stabbing his gut .
After a few stabs , he starts trying to get his fingers inside and he just pulls all this meat out .
I thought he was going to pull out his intestines like you 'd see in a horror movie , but instead , he just pulls out fist after fist of this yellow jelly shit , and then big hunks of meat like raw mince .
Screw 's arrived and tasered everyone .
Even the kid .
He was on his side , right in front of my cell , and every jolt from the taser made the big hole in his stomach smoke .
You do n't see something like that and not have it fuck you up worse than you already were for being incarcerated .
1. Getting Out
On my last day I started writing this list in my head , and thought it would be funny to post it on the Chans .
But really , now I 've written it , it 's not funny .
For lols , I was originally going to talk about prison rape .
But really ?
It 's a small part of doing time .
On any given block , you might only have a dozen or so convicts who are likely to rape someone .
And they go after the same kind of convicts every time too .
Because if you try to rape the wrong guy ... you might end up with your guts pulled out .
That 's not to say consensual gay sex does n't happen .
I had it , and I enjoyed it .
I 'm not going to go and fuck a man on the outside , but a combination of drugs , lonliness and boredom do strange things .
So instead of rape , the thing that tops my list was getting out .
After 18 months , I felt like I had the whole prison kick down .
I felt like I belonged .
New guys looked up to me , like someone who'd seen shit and made it through .
As I scaled back on my pretty huge habit , I started to get this kind of zen calm about incarceration , and I liked to think I helped a few guys through their first weeks .
The last months before I left was the happiest of my entire life .
I started making lists , like this one .
Lists of what I was going to do .
Lists of things I was going to eat .
Lists of places I was going to go .
I almost felt like I 'd had a near death experience , and now I had to live a better life .
Then I left .
Two years is a long time .
The world literally changes without you .
I got off the bus and went to my favourite bar .
It was empty .
I went to a cafe my friends used to touch dicks at .
None of them were there .
I went to my house , pulled the boards off and went inside .
Everything was just as I 'd left it with two years worth of dust .
Most depressing thing you 've ever seen .
I lay down on my bed and paranoia started setting in .
I realised I was pretty much squating and was paranoid about being picked up by the cops and breaching my parole , so I went to my parents house .
They let me in , but told me I could n't stay until they were sure I was off the drugs .
I checked into a motel and sat on the edge of the bed , watching MTV and ordering Pizza .
I must have ordered like five pizzas from five different places , stayed up till dawn .
Thing about prison , is that sleep becomes like a chore you do each day .
You 're never really tired , so you never really want to sleep , it just breaks up the time .
I felt like I did n't want to sleep ever again .
Next morning I decided to go for a drive , and thought I 'd rent a car - but my driver 's licence had expired .
I went to get a new one , but because I 'd been inside they needed me to get a letter from my parole officer .
So I just wandered around for a day .
Felt like everyone was staring at me .
You just feel completely lost .
How would you pay for drugs ?
You have money in prison ?
How would you pay for drugs ?
You have money in prison ?
You get a tiny allowance , but you spend most of it on food .
The best and most effective way to score is to have someone on the outside pay your man 's person on the outside .
My preferred method was to get a bank account and deposit on using phone banking .
At my worst , I was using a monthly phone call to transfer cash to my dealer 's mom instead of calling my own mom .
He was actually a cool guy , apart from being an AIDs infected drug dealer inside for a double rape .
If you do n't have a set up like that , you can trade for candy .
Weird , but that 's how shit works inside .
A big bag of Reece 's Pieces would get you an eight ball .
No shit .
I 've known a few people who have been to prison , and the things I 've heard frighten me to death about ever going .
Did you ever have to fight while you were in ?
Or at least get your ass kicked ?
I 've known a few people who have been to prison , and the things I 've heard frighten me to death about ever going .
Did you ever have to fight while you were in ?
Or at least get your ass kicked ?
Fighting was n't as bad as it is on the outside to be honest .
Drugs are just so pervasive inside that fights are over pretty quickly .
You know , in my few sober moments , I wondered if maybe the screws were n't partly responsible for getting so much dope inside since it made us all pretty much zombies .
I got in a few , more than a few really .
But I never really felt like I won a fight .
Fridays , if you could keep track of days , were the absolute worst .
It was like our brains were programmed to feel pumped up on a Friday for the weekend , but then you 'd realise inside that all you had to look forward too was another two days of the same shit .
You 'd start a fight with anyone , over anything on a friday .
Only time I ever started a fight was over Dr Pepper .
I do n't know why , but Dr Pepper was the only thing that ever made me feel better about my fucked up situation .
Apart from Heroin .
You could get Dr Pepper in these really small plastic bottles , like on planes , but they were the least cost effective snack in the store .
So i'd pretty much save up for one every now and then , smuggle it back to my cell on a Friday , chill the fuck out with my tape deck and drink it really slow .
One time a guy stood over me for my Dr. Pepper and I completely snapped and tried to ram the thing up his nostril .
Scored a week in solitary , and just as extra kick in the guts - store staff were forbidden from selling me Dr Pepper .
Apart from that , I was mostly getting the shit beat out of me by Aryans for consorting with niggers .
Broke two ribs , my collar bone , my nose ( twice ) , lost two teeth ( they were weak as shit from a diet of candy and smack anyway ) but blissfully , was raped only once - by a homiegot with the tiniest cock you 've ever seen .
I 'm a fat fuck , and I swear that thing barely reached my asshole through my enourmous ass cheeks .
It was all I could do to not laugh .
I too am very glad you 're out , OP .
Thank you for an amazing thread although not to say your experiences have been in any way amazing .
You have a great writing style , by the way .
Very compelling and interesting .
Is it true that there 's a hierarchy in prison systems with armed robbers generally being considered top of the pecking order and rapists and paedophiles at the bottom ?
I 'm assuming not given what you 've said so far but this is something I 've heard a couple of times before .
Also , what are you planning on doing now you 're out ?
What made you commit armed robbery in the first place ?
Did you make any friends in prison that you 'd stay in touch with outside ?
I know you said about the suspicion thing ( which sounds completely fucked up and a ridiculous thing for the authorities to want to do by the way ) but you also mentioned having a laugh with your cell mate so I thought maybe you might have .
I too am very glad you 're out , OP .
Thank you for an amazing thread although not to say your experiences have been in any way amazing .
You have a great writing style , by the way .
Very compelling and interesting .
Is it true that there 's a hierarchy in prison systems with armed robbers generally being considered top of the pecking order and rapists and paedophiles at the bottom ?
I 'm assuming not given what you 've said so far but this is something I 've heard a couple of times before .
Also , what are you planning on doing now you 're out ?
What made you commit armed robbery in the first place ?
Did you make any friends in prison that you 'd stay in touch with outside ?
I know you said about the suspicion thing ( which sounds completely fucked up and a ridiculous thing for the authorities to want to do by the way ) but you also mentioned having a laugh with your cell mate so I thought maybe you might have .
As for friends - not really .
I only ever had two .
Both cell mates .
The first guy was this big truck driver who got busted with meth and was doing longer than me , probably because he was black .
That 's no joke .
The fact I was white and well spoken probably went a long way toward me getting off light .
I got some ink and had a pretty stupid haircut when I went in , which really sucked because any point of difference is enough to get you picked on inside .
This guy , first thing he says to me is ' what did you rob ?
American Apparel ? ' and he would rag on me endlessly .
He had a daughter who was the cute as fuck little scene girl - seriously , you ever see a half - black scene girl ?
They 're beautiful .
We 'd sit around all day and I 'd tell him all the Odin awful things I was going to do to his daughter if I ever saw her at a Kaiser Chiefs concert and he'd tell me how many skinner sister homiegots she 'd brought home only for him to beat up on .
First thing he did was help me shave my head .
We 'd figure out new and interesting ways of working out together , like dead lifting each other , dead lifting our bunks - we'd tie a pair of pants around the top of our bunks and one of us would hold it tight while the other would do curls on it .
He got transferred , and that was when I started using .
I 'd been thinking about it , but apart from using meth while driving , he was a pretty straight edge guy and I did n't want to disrespect him by getting high with him there .
My second cell mate was this kid done for weed .
He was scared as fuck .
He wet the bed every night he came in for weeks .
Worst thing I ever did to another human was share my junk with him .
At the time , I just felt like it would help him adjust - but some people really can't handle it , or else seem to become addicted way to fast .
I know my own limits , and know it takes a steady habit for months to get seriously hooked .
Not this kid .
He was getting the shakes after a few days without it .
One day he comes back for lock down , takes a hit and after a few minutes says - this is n't H , try it .
And it turned out to be powdered MDMA , or Ecstacy .
We both did it and ended up giving each other blow jobs .
Afterward , things were pretty awkward until I said , you know fuck it , we 're in prison , let 's make a deal that if we can score for ecstacy again we 'll get each other off .
We were good friends after that .
He got out before me , and I definetly don ' think I 'll look him up .
Jesus God of Thunder on a shitty dick , American prisons sound downright inhumane .
Really , I do n't know what to say here .
How 're you acclimatizing back to normal society ?
What about your old friends , your family , anything ?
All gone ?
What are you going to do next anyway ?
Jesus God of Thunder on a shitty dick , American prisons sound downright inhumane .
Really , I do n't know what to say here .
How 're you acclimatizing back to normal society ?
What about your old friends , your family , anything ?
All gone ?
What are you going to do next anyway ?
Well I 'm on parole for the next year - but it seems downright impossible to find a job .
I 've got some money saved up and my plan is to get out of the States , head to Europe and find bar work .
I have n't seen a soul I knew before since I got back , and I 'm almost scared of seeing them now .
I can't help but feel like I need to get away , but the Corrections system makes that pretty hard .
I 'm thinking about maybe skipping parole and heading south , crossing the border in the Mexico and then catching a plane to London .
But I do n't know , I heard from one guy ( inside , which is about as reliable as /b/ ) that US Customs are actually at Mexican International checking US passports for Visas .
If that 's true I 'll have to wait .
Well tonight , I 'm going to start on Wikipedia and read the entries for every single day I 've missed since I was inside .
Apparently Lady GaGa is huge now , who would have thunk it ?
I heard new guys talk about her inside but we do n't exactly get the news .
There is two years worth of music to get into , which is probably the thing I 'm looking forward to the most .
Then I 'm going to hit Encyclopedia Dramatica and find out about all the memes I missed out on .
Thanks for reading my story .
> Does it start and end at making it so you never want to go back
I 'm curious to hear about OP 's thoughts on this , especially after this ;
> That , of all things , is probably what has me thinking I wo n't commit another stupid crime again .
You see the pointlessness of life in prison .
The worst part is how used to it everyone else in there is .
Especially black people .
They 've seen their fathers , their grandfathers , their brothers and uncles go away .
It 's almost a part of life for them .
Wasting a decade inside just does n't seem to matter to them anymore .
I 'd imagine it only works in scaring the shit out of some people .
> Does it start and end at making it so you never want to go backI 'm curious to hear about OP 's thoughts on this , especially after this ;>That , of all things , is probably what has me thinking I wo n't commit another stupid crime again .
You see the pointlessness of life in prison .
The worst part is how used to it everyone else in there is .
Especially black people .
They 've seen their fathers , their grandfathers , their brothers and uncles go away .
It 's almost a part of life for them .
Wasting a decade inside just does n't seem to matter to them anymore .
I 'd imagine it only works in scaring the shit out of some people .
One of the few things about prison I ever saw in a movie was that line - can't remember which film it was from - about there being ' inmates ' and ' convicts ' .
About how an ' inmate ' is a prisoner , they 're scared , and they want to get out and never go back .
A ' convict ' knows , deep down , they 're a criminal , that through their actions they 've placed themselves outside the ' man 's ' law , and that status defines them .
Prison works at scaring the inmate .
But convicts ...
Do n't get me wrong , I never want to go back .
But as I 've reflected on it , in my last few weeks and the last 24 hours of freedom - I 've almost found a special pride in having made it through .
I was at a bus stop this morning and I struck up a conversation with someone , about how the bus was late , what she was listening to on her iPod , just random shit .
And as we got on the bus I realised - that was me , that was me from before going inside talking , I 'm still that person .
I was really proud for having wrapped that part of me up so tightly during my time that I kept it safe .
It does n't make me ever want to go back .
But it does kind of make me feel like I could survive it again .
I think that is probably true for a lot of people .
But for a lot of convicts , I think what brings them back is the adrenelin rush more than anything .
Committing a serious crime is a real rush , but life inside keeps you riding this constant edge - some people would get off on the paranoia , the violence , the constant tension .
You 'd probably find a lot of paralels between the kinds of guys who keep signing up for tours through war zones and the kinds of guys who keeping winding up back inside .
So OP , would you agree with that whole " Prison = college for criminals " thing ?
Sounds like they 've created an environment that reduces that sort of thing , but some older generations I 've talked to said they learned all kinds of pointers when they did time .
What about any attempts at actual rehabilitation ?
Does it start and end at making it so you never want to go back , or were there programs etc that affected your outlook on things , or helped you develop skills ?
I 'm just curious as to what an ex-con 's opinion on the whole " what the prison system is doing in practice " issue is , whether or not they 're just removing criminals from society for a while and hopefully scaring some of them into not going back , or attempting to fix the root causes .
So OP , would you agree with that whole " Prison = college for criminals " thing ?
Sounds like they 've created an environment that reduces that sort of thing , but some older generations I 've talked to said they learned all kinds of pointers when they did time .
What about any attempts at actual rehabilitation ?
Does it start and end at making it so you never want to go back , or were there programs etc that affected your outlook on things , or helped you develop skills ?
I 'm just curious as to what an ex-con 's opinion on the whole " what the prison system is doing in practice " issue is , whether or not they 're just removing criminals from society for a while and hopefully scaring some of them into not going back , or attempting to fix the root causes .
Every prison and county jail is different .
From the way I figure it , in Michigan we have these low security camps for nonviolent offenders where they genuinely try to get you back on the straight and narrow with life skills , employment training , drug rehab .
Then you have the ultra high sec - supermax or level 5 , where they just need to do ' something ' because the inmates are usually so bug fuck psycho they either are never getting out and need their psyches managed as they adapt to that reality - or else they might be getting out soon and they need to be certain they no longer pose a threat to society .
I was in a level 5 facility , ( they call in V inside because the State uses roman numerals and you do n't find a lot of convicts know what roman numerals are .
I Romans for that matter . ) - but it was part of a privately run string of prisons , each with anywhere between a few hundred and a few thousands convicts .
To manage the population as it swells and declines seasonaly ( convict rates drop through winter .
no shit .
no one wants to commit a crime when it 's cold ) people get cycled in and out , so there is really no time for re-offending programs , or programs to prevent drug abuse or any of that .
In terms of it being ' college for criminals ' ...
It 's not really the case .
Even in high security , with a lot of violent offenders , the number one crime keeping people inside is drugs .
Most guys learned more about drug crime from TV than they did inside .
Are you really going to take advice about crime from someone who was caught ?
I heard so many bullshit stories your ears will bleed .
About how eucalyptus oil prevents drug dogs from finding your gear .
About how Glocks are really made of plastic and can't be picked up by metal detectors .
Yes .
Die Hard 2 came out 20 years ago and people inside still buy that story .
The storyies about getting caught I 'd say were 50/50 in terms of legitimacy .
No one would tell you they were ever busted dead to rights .
I heard so many tall tales about how the cash straped Michigan State Cops could actually track you down with in a few feet using satelites and cell phones ...
A lot of interesting stories though , from dealers , about how to pick undercover cops doing ' hand to hands ' .
I met one guy who had been done over so many times by UCs that he would actually give up a free shot to new customers , on the condition he got to watch them take it .
Last time he went away , the cop took the shot , hit it , then arrested him and he got busted for posession , distribution AND assaulting a police officer , because ' forcing someone to smoke a pipe ' is really assault and all .
Once word got out that I was a stick up kid , I got a lot of guys hitting me up for information - this is actually really dangerous inside because you never know who is just an idiot that thinks prison is a crime textbook and who might be a snitch .
I was initially charged with 13 offences and was convicted on 2 , so I was constantly paranoid about being re-tried on new evidence .
> We should set up a charity on the site to help this friend in need !
I 'm cool for cash .
> I feel like saying " great thread OP " is now a mandatory preface to posting , so : great thread OP .
> Anyways , you seem like a well spoken individual .
In fact , this post [ sic ] got me thinking that you could become
> the face and leader of the felon 's rights movement .
You could be , like , the next MLK Jr. , man .
> Also , did you get hunted down by a bounty hunter when you skipped bail ?
No bounty hunter .
I was picked up by highway patrol on a random stop .
In response to the other queries about the robbery - I posted something about it last night but quickly took it down .
I wo n't go into the actual crime .
Got off so easy by changing my plea and taking the two charges the DA 's office could prove right there , that I 'm paranoid they 'll charge me again if they think they could prove more .
It 's not an especially cool story .
> Welcome back , OP .
I hope you enjoy your freedom now that you 're outside .
If it were me , I would buy a pack
> of smokes and stroll around a park just enjoying the fact that I could .
Then again , I did n't go through all the shit
> you did , so that could be naive of me .
I hope you are able to get all of your shit back together .
Do n't try to
> blow off your parole like you blew off your bail , unless you do n't mind ending up in prison again .
If it really is
> that hard trying to get everything back on track in your life , maybe consider following that other guy 's advice
> and asking to move somewhere that makes it easier for convicted felons to get work / start a new life .
> Also , I hope 99 chan has n't changed too much since you were gone and that you can still touch dicks here .
I
> personally do n't remember there being as much bitching and whining two years ago , but then again people
> are n't wired to remember that kind of stupid shit .
Thanks for the advice .
It really is true about how the little things mean a lot more to you .
First thing I did was buy a real pack of smokes - because inside they 're called ' free worlds ' , as opposed to chop tobacco .
That 's how you know you 're free .
Pack of Parliaments never tasted so good .
-- end multiquote --
OP , if i may ask :
How similar is the real deal to tv prison dramas ?
Of course i know tv tends to be far from reality and that prisons themselves vary quite a bit , but i am curious about what is similar and what is flat out wrong .
I always imagined Oz was fairly accurate with the mindgames sort of stuff .
> We should set up a charity on the site to help this friend in need !
I 'm cool for cash .
>I feel like saying " great thread OP " is now a mandatory preface to posting , so : great thread OP .
>
Anyways , you seem like a well spoken individual .
In fact , this post [ sic ] got me thinking that you could become > the face and leader of the felon 's rights movement .
You could be , like , the next MLK Jr. , man .
>
Also , did you get hunted down by a bounty hunter when you skipped bail ?
No bounty hunter .
I was picked up by highway patrol on a random stop .
In response to the other queries about the robbery - I posted something about it last night but quickly took it down .
I wo n't go into the actual crime .
Got off so easy by changing my plea and taking the two charges the DA 's office could prove right there , that I 'm paranoid they 'll charge me again if they think they could prove more .
It 's not an especially cool story .
>Welcome back , OP .
I hope you enjoy your freedom now that you 're outside .
If it were me , I would buy a pack > of smokes and stroll around a park just enjoying the fact that I could .
Then again , I did n't go through all the shit > you did , so that could be naive of me .
I hope you are able to get all of your shit back together .
Do n't try to > blow off your parole like you blew off your bail , unless you do n't mind ending up in prison again .
If it really is > that hard trying to get everything back on track in your life , maybe consider following that other guy 's advice > and asking to move somewhere that makes it easier for convicted felons to get work / start a new life .>
Also , I hope 99 chan has n't changed too much since you were gone and that you can still touch dicks here .
I >personally do n't remember there being as much bitching and whining two years ago , but then again people > are n't wired to remember that kind of stupid shit .
Thanks for the advice .
It really is true about how the little things mean a lot more to you .
First thing I did was buy a real pack of smokes - because inside they 're called ' free worlds ' , as opposed to chop tobacco .
That 's how you know you 're free .
Pack of Parliaments never tasted so good .
-- end multiquote -- OP , if i may ask :
How similar is the real deal to tv prison dramas ?
Of course i know tv tends to be far from reality and that prisons themselves vary quite a bit , but i am curious about what is similar and what is flat out wrong .
I always imagined Oz was fairly accurate with the mindgames sort of stuff .
I 'd seen Oz , and the only similarity to my lock up was the size .
You imagine these big sprawling complexes with all the gothic architecture and shit , but Oz is pretty much right about your average high sec prison .
Think about 40 - 50 guys with a common area around two tiers of racks , with an exit to a hexagonal yard area with the other blocks ( ours were really called dorms , but block is a universal term for your rack ) .
In terms of other movies I 've seen - American History X was total bullshit .
There is n't just one guard in the showers , they 're in front of perspex with at least a few watching the cons to make sure nothing happens .
The most accurate depiction of prison life you 'll ever see is the 2nd series of The Wire .
While I think that 's set in a much bigger pen , the culture and the attitudes are note perfect .
In particular , the attitudes of gang members , who despite what you think have this scary calm about serving time .
You could say I 'm on the other side , OP .
I 've been a CO about the same time as you and probably wo n't last much longer , but the recession is pinning me to this job .
But I 'm about to say fuck it anyway and go back to school .
I 'm not a very good CO .
Along with all the things you mentioned about the smell ( I do n't think there has been a week since I started working there that someone has n't fucked around with their feces ) it 's the long - ass hours and freezing and the uneasy feeling that I could be one of them .
While I would never compare the shit I go through to the stuff that goes on inside , it is hard to hold a relationship , have kids , or have an active social life while being a CO .
But most of all there are the pricks .
Being a CO for any more than a year makes you a prick , and I 'm not excluded .
And even then I 'm nicer to the inmates than any other white CO I know .
90 % of my prison is black , so you just feel safer and less prickish if you have black COs .
The whole experience has made me jaded and cynical and not just prisons but humanity .
Make no mistake OP , you may no longer be behind bars but no matter how long your sentence is you are sentenced to a lifetime of unemployment ( even if you find a job it will be utter shit ) and being looked down upon .
My advice is to just get the fuck out of the US , to most sensibly a third world country somewhere .
But by God if nothing else get the fuck out of Michigan and go out west or something ( maybe Canada , but they do scrutinize immigrant 's criminal records ) .
There are ways you can start a new identity , and as long as you do n't look like a hard - ass convict with swastikas all over your face you might be able to throw dirt over your record and live a relatively normal life .
Good luck whatever you do .
Respecting COs is probably the only thing that kept me alive on a few occassions , and I totally understood where a lot of them were coming from .
In the beginning , it 's tempting to be a smart ass but eventually , you realise prison is all about getting by .
And you get by with respect .
Respect means a lot to convicts , but very few of them show COs any , because of this institutional mentality that sets in .
I found that greeting shake downs with a respectful ' just doing your job boss ' meant a lot to COs , and it affected the way they treated you .
I most respected the guys like you who were clearly just there to do a job and get the fuck out .
Convicts can pick guys like you .
You get to know shift changes like you know times of day after a while .
Most of our shake downs would happen straight after a shift change the new guys were at their sharpest , and you could always pick the pricks because they were the ones who'd stick around ' in case some shit goes down ' like they were doing everyone a favour .
But really , anyone who wanted to spend an extra second in that place had to be twisted in the fucking brain .
OP , that is a wicked story you got there .
I heard from a prison guard I met at a party that the guards will basically give the biggest bastards an extra pack of smokes or quart of milk so when shit hits the fan , the big dudes wont go out and make it difficult for the officials .
Is that true ?
By " big guys " I guess I mean all the mass murders and fuck off huge buff guys who'd be pretty hard to bring down .
Anyway , I hope you readjust to society OP , have some sticky .
sloth.jpg
OP , that is a wicked story you got there .
I heard from a prison guard I met at a party that the guards will basically give the biggest bastards an extra pack of smokes or quart of milk so when shit hits the fan , the big dudes wont go out and make it difficult for the officials .
Is that true ?
By " big guys " I guess I mean all the mass murders and fuck off huge buff guys who'd be pretty hard to bring down .
Anyway , I hope you readjust to society OP , have some sticky .sloth.jpg
Actually , that is very much true .
Only not smokes , guards do n't distribute stock and snacks to convicts .
The biggest thing in your life the COs have over you is visiting hours and phone calls .
But favouritism was n't based on being a ' big guy ' or who was most feared - those kinds of convicts were put upon the worst .
It hinged on how much respect you commanded , if people would listen to you , and if you could actually convey a message .
If people would listen to you , the COs would use you .
The standard come on would be , when you were on the phone , they 'd come up about 3 seconds before your time would be up and hang up the phone , then they 'd say , there is gonna be a shake down , or a mass transfer , or a 24 hour lock down tomorrow .
They 'd take you into their confidence and make it clear what was expected of you .
Then they 'd redial the number and restart the timer , effectively doubling your phone time .
They tried it with me once and we nearly got into an argument about it .
I say nearly because arguing with a boss is always a bad idea .
I was at my absolute worst in terms of using , but I was n't a bitch , and I was n't so fucked up that I could n't get a word out effectively - so the boss says there is going to be a 24 hour lock down tomorrow because of an escape attempt in one of the other blocks , and he needed me to keep the peace on my tier .
I basically said to him ' look at me , I can't keep my fucking pants up let along communicate a complex idea like that to my neighbours ' but it 's made pretty clear I have no choice in the matter .
That afternoon , I get a chinese whisper going about the lock down , but it 's a dangerous thing .
Because even though the other convicts know you 're the guy with the info - some of them will be wondering if you 've been tipped off because you 're a snitch , or else some people just shoot the messenger when it comes to bad news - or stab the messenger .
I got away with it by blaming it on those fuckers from O Dorm .
It was kind of funny because the boss ' got wind of that , and forever after any bad news would be announced by saying it was O Dorm 's fault we were all getting fucked .
You create a siege mentality and convicts will take anything .
A funny thing about lockdowns - you know how the day before a public holiday people will go crazy and hit all the stores to stock up on food ?
It 's like that inside .
The reason the boss ' always leaks a lock down is so we buy as much candy as we possibly can , as many smokes , and as much gear as we can cram up our assholes and go quietly back to our cells .
That particular lockdown ended up being 72 hours .
As far as prison experiences go , they 're the most interesting .
It 's kind of like going on a camp out .
You often get guys ' hot racking ' , where they 'll swap cell mates with their bros , or just apedophile groupon cells completely and move their bedding over to hold little sleep overs where they play cards and talk shit .
Strangely enough , as bad as a lock down sounds , they really brought blocks together in mutual hatred , and broke up the monotony .
I often wondered if the screws did n't just throw them at random to keep us interested .
So insightful .
You 're such a smart and interesting guy , OP .
I showed this thread to my flatmate tonight who never ever looks at anything on here as much as I bug him to occasionally and he was amazed by you .
Not to suck your dick or anything but yeah , you 're very impressive .
This is a question for later or tomorrow or something because you 've got enough to contend with for now but what did you miss most about sex while inside ?
Just the sex itself or the intimacy ?
I know there are cliches on both sides about that so I was wondering what your thoughts were .
This is a really interesting question .
So much so I went and had a smoke and a think about it .
You know how a lot of people that hang around these boards will say how they 're desensitised to sexuality ?
How years of the most twisted porn the Internet 's underbelly can offer has made them numb ?
I guess I was like that going in .
If you had have asked me , the day before I went inside , what my ultimate sexual fantasy was I 'd have said something stupid like ' Emma Waton , a rubber tube , two mexican fighting fish , a chainsaw and a bucket of grease ' .
Now , I shit you not , my answer would more likely be ' a beautiful woman that loves me ' .
Every convict has a jack bank .
Scraps of magazines , smuggled porn , that kind of thing .
I used to keep mine under the inner sole of my sneaker .
If you took a survey of what convicts keep in their jack bank , you'd be shocked to learn that mostly , it 's women 's faces .
The single most sought after item in the common area was the TV guide .
Because you 'd get full page ads for movies and beautiful women .
Fucking up the TV guide was a hangable offence , since our TV was pre recorded and edited to cut out the news , and anything not G rated , you needed the TV guide to keep track of what you were missing out on .
As an aside , one of the most surreal moments inside was the Superbowl , all these convicts crowded around this caged screen watching a repeat of Blue 's Clues - muttering about how the Superbowl was really on .
It was like even though they could n't watch it , they wanted to be a part of a national , communal activity .
Two days later they replayed the Superbowl , with the ads and half time show taken out - no one watched it .
How fucking weird is that ?
So yeah , I got side tracked while talking about the TV Guide .
The keeper of the TV Guide would be whoever scored it out of a mail bag .
Usually the guy on mail duty .
And after a few weeks , you 'd ask , as nicely as possible , preferebly with a gift of candy , if you could take a look , and maybe later , in return for smokes - you 'd cut something out .
I cut out a half page ad for The Other Boleyn Girl .
Actually , i'll find it an post it here .
Now you think about the shit you can get with just three clicks from here .
You can hit up one of the porn boards and be jerking away in minutes .
You 'd probably even not jerk off to soft core porn , because just a few clicks away , you could see some whore being cranked by 9 guys and getting glazed with cum .
I guess in the real world , where life is mundane and boring - you need those fantasies of dark sexual shit to keep you going .
But inside , there is just dark shit everywhere .
Violence , death , fear .
You do n't want it in your head .
So no matter what you were like before , inside , you try and escape in your head to places that are good and just ... decent I guess .
You go from having elaborate rape fantasies to having sweet , candle lit intimacy fantasies .
Sounds gay , but it 's true for most guys inside I think .
It changes the way you think about women .
When I went inside , I was full of bitterness over the mother of my kid leaving , I felt like my sister had betrayed me , so I left her - and I thought of some of the girl 's I 'd used in my life and felt like they were pathetic sluts .
But inside , I would have given anything to know just one of them loved me - and when I say love , I do n't mean like , I 'd want to marry them , or that kind of passionate , movie love .
Just that they 'd consent to being intimate with me .
I do n't think I mentioned it before , but I spent a few months inside under the impression that I 'd been infected with hepatitis - thankfully I was n't , but that really compounded this need for intimacy , because I felt like , even once I got out , a woman would never touch me again .
I should note too - there is a long running conspiracy theory inside that the boss ' put something in the food that numbs arousal .
The usual response to this is ' if so , why are you still jacking off to your mom ? ' or ' then why do you keep staring at my ass ? ' but still , it might not be a joke .
This is a really interesting question .
So much so I went and had a smoke and a think about it .
You know how a lot of people that hang around these boards will say how they 're desensitised to sexuality ?
How years of the most twisted porn the Internet 's underbelly can offer has made them numb ?
I guess I was like that going in .
If you had have asked me , the day before I went inside , what my ultimate sexual fantasy was I 'd have said something stupid like ' Emma Waton , a rubber tube , two mexican fighting fish , a chainsaw and a bucket of grease ' .
Now , I shit you not , my answer would more likely be ' a beautiful woman that loves me ' .
Every convict has a jack bank .
Scraps of magazines , smuggled porn , that kind of thing .
I used to keep mine under the inner sole of my sneaker .
If you took a survey of what convicts keep in their jack bank , you'd be shocked to learn that mostly , it 's women 's faces .
The single most sought after item in the common area was the TV guide .
Because you 'd get full page ads for movies and beautiful women .
Fucking up the TV guide was a hangable offence , since our TV was pre recorded and edited to cut out the news , and anything not G rated , you needed the TV guide to keep track of what you were missing out on .
As an aside , one of the most surreal moments inside was the Superbowl , all these convicts crowded around this caged screen watching a repeat of Blue 's Clues - muttering about how the Superbowl was really on .
It was like even though they could n't watch it , they wanted to be a part of a national , communal activity .
Two days later they replayed the Superbowl , with the ads and half time show taken out - no one watched it .
How fucking weird is that ?
So yeah , I got side tracked while talking about the TV Guide .
The keeper of the TV Guide would be whoever scored it out of a mail bag .
Usually the guy on mail duty .
And after a few weeks , you 'd ask , as nicely as possible , preferebly with a gift of candy , if you could take a look , and maybe later , in return for smokes - you 'd cut something out .
I cut out a half page ad for The Other Boleyn Girl .
Actually , i'll find it an post it here .
Now you think about the shit you can get with just three clicks from here .
You can hit up one of the porn boards and be jerking away in minutes .
You 'd probably even not jerk off to soft core porn , because just a few clicks away , you could see some whore being cranked by 9 guys and getting glazed with cum .
I guess in the real world , where life is mundane and boring - you need those fantasies of dark sexual shit to keep you going .
But inside , there is just dark shit everywhere .
Violence , death , fear .
You do n't want it in your head .
So no matter what you were like before , inside , you try and escape in your head to places that are good and just ... decent I guess .
You go from having elaborate rape fantasies to having sweet , candle lit intimacy fantasies .
Sounds gay , but it 's true for most guys inside I think .
It changes the way you think about women .
When I went inside , I was full of bitterness over the mother of my kid leaving , I felt like my sister had betrayed me , so I left her - and I thought of some of the girl 's I 'd used in my life and felt like they were pathetic sluts .
But inside , I would have given anything to know just one of them loved me - and when I say love , I do n't mean like , I 'd want to marry them , or that kind of passionate , movie love .
Just that they 'd consent to being intimate with me .
I do n't think I mentioned it before , but I spent a few months inside under the impression that I 'd been infected with hepatitis - thankfully I was n't , but that really compounded this need for intimacy , because I felt like , even once I got out , a woman would never touch me again .
I should note too - there is a long running conspiracy theory inside that the boss ' put something in the food that numbs arousal .
The usual response to this is ' if so , why are you still jacking off to your mom ? ' or ' then why do you keep staring at my ass ? ' but still , it might not be a joke .
So anyway , this has all been pretty grim shit .
So since I started with a list of the worst things about prison , I thought I 'd leave [ sic ] with a list of the best things about freedom .
Not sappy bullshit about your parents and sunshine - but things you probably take for granted because you 've never had them taken away .
Laughter
No one laughs inside .
You might occassionally fake a laugh when someone does something stupid , or gets what they deserve .
But inside you laugh at straight up irony .
Nothing is really funny when you 're locked in a concrete bunker with seemingly no hope of getting out .
When I went inside , my favourite things were horror movies and violent video games .
But now I can't stand the thought of them .
I 've seen too much real violence for one life time .
Instead I 've burned through three seasons of 30 Rock .
I have n't laughed so hard in my entire life .
I find myself laughing at shit that a couple of years ago I would have been too jaded and cynical to laugh at , or thought that it was n't cool to laugh at .
Now I find myself cruising through Metacritic for the funniest films of the last two years .
I liked to think that I used to be funny , but now , I realise I 'm not .
That I look in the mirror and there is this kind of grimness there .
So do n't take laughter for granted .
It can actually be taken away quite easily .
Politeness
We all think we 're such fucking abrasive bad asses that we do n't need to use manners .
I used to be the biggest offender .
But inside , it just starts to grate on you after a while - that you 're forced to be polite to the boss , but your daily interactions with convicts are typified by cursing , shoving , and basically barbaric behaviour .
Basic human decency becomes the thing you miss the most .
Saying ' please ' and ' thank you ' and ' you 're welcome ' just simple shit like that reminds you you 're human , that you 're a part of society .
The things I 've enjoyed most since I 've left are just mundane things that allow me congenial interactions with people .
Paying for the bus .
Talking to the person you 're sitting next too .
Buying a sandwich .
Excusing yourself when you pass someone on an escalator .
Helping people .
I helped a woman get her pram off the bus this morning , and she probably walked away thinking ' what a nice young man ' without realising I 've just spent two years locked inside cesspool of human indignity for threatening a room full of people with a firearm .
That was n't lost on me , but none the less it made me feel good about myself .
Being nice makes you feel good about yourself and inside - you never feel good about yourself .
Clothes
I will never wear the same clothes two days in a row for as long as I live .
Inside , I had two pairs of elastic waist track pants , two t- shirts , a wool sweater , and a peacoat with the buttons taken off .
Three pairs of boxers .
I started with more - but I shit myself a few times when I was high .
Not proud of that .
I had two pairs of laceless sneakers , like vans , and a pair of flip flops .
In winter , we 'd basically wear all our clothes at once .
When I got home , I was wearing the suit I stood trial in .
I gave my prison clothes to a convict in return for some toothpaste .
I opened my closet , and realised how all my old clothes were so black .
I just wanted color .
Like a hawaian shirt or something .
Inside , every thing was variations on blue , beige and lime green .
I wanted to wear all red like Jack White or something .
Clothes do n't maketh the man - but damn if they do n't make you feel better about your place in the universe .
Just wearing jeans that fit , a belt , nice shoes - never take that for granted .
It 's not like I was ever a fucking fashion plate or anything , but now I have this new found appreciation for looking nice .
They actually taught me how to sew inside .
I 've been wondering if I could n't maybe become a tailor or something .
America 's first straight , ex-con fashion designer .
That last thing you should never take for granted is this - your mental health .
Every day I woke up sober inside ( at some points , they were rare ) I 'd stare at the ceiling and talk to myself .
Sometime 's out loud .
I 'd take stock of my own level of madness .
How justified was my paranoia today .
What did I dream of last night .
What kind of bad things will float through my head if I do n't control it .
I 'd literally have to take stock of my own psychological well being .
No one should have to do that .
Because questioning your sanity is like picking at a scab - once you start it bleeding you can't help but keep picking .
And by virtue of your questioning , you make it true .
I went more than a little crazy inside .
The insane amount of smack I ingested might have had something to do with it .
But more likely the circumstances .
For me , the punishment of prison was less about separation , and more about the forced introspection .
Imagine a kind of forced autism , only without being any kind of savant .
That 's what prison is .
Outside , you 're free to keep your head in check .
You 're free to indulge your mind and keep it healthy .
And I guess if you keep your mind healthy , you 'll be less inclined to find yourself inside in the first place .
So insightful .
You 're such a smart and interesting guy , OP .
I showed this thread to my flatmate tonight who never ever looks at anything on here as much as I bug him to occasionally and he was amazed by you .
Not to suck your dick or anything but yeah , you 're very impressive .
This is a question for later or tomorrow or something because you 've got enough to contend with for now but what did you miss most about sex while inside ?
Just the sex itself or the intimacy ?
I know there are cliches on both sides about that so I was wondering what your thoughts were .
So anyway , this has all been pretty grim shit .
So since I started with a list of the worst things about prison , I thought I 'd leave [ sic ] with a list of the best things about freedom .
Not sappy bullshit about your parents and sunshine - but things you probably take for granted because you 've never had them taken away .
LaughterNo one laughs inside .
You might occassionally fake a laugh when someone does something stupid , or gets what they deserve .
When I went inside , my favourite things were horror movies and violent video games .
But now I can't stand the thought of them .
I 've seen too much real violence for one life time .
Now I find myself cruising through Metacritic for the funniest films of the last two years .
I liked to think that I used to be funny , but now , I realise I 'm not .
That I look in the mirror and there is this kind of grimness there .
So do n't take laughter for granted .
It can actually be taken away quite easily .
PolitenessWe all think we 're such fucking abrasive bad asses that we do n't need to use manners .
I used to be the biggest offender .
But inside , it just starts to grate on you after a while - that you 're forced to be polite to the boss , but your daily interactions with convicts are typified by cursing , shoving , and basically barbaric behaviour .
I helped a woman get her pram off the bus this morning , and she probably walked away thinking ' what a nice young man ' without realising I 've just spent two years locked inside cesspool of human indignity for threatening a room full of people with a firearm .
That was n't lost on me , but none the less it made me feel good about myself .
Being nice makes you feel good about yourself and inside - you never feel good about yourself .
ClothesI opened my closet , and realised how all my old clothes were so black .
I just wanted color .
Like a hawaian shirt or something .
Inside , every thing was variations on blue , beige and lime green .
I wanted to wear all red like Jack White or something .
Clothes do n't maketh the man - but damn if they do n't make you feel better about your place in the universe .
Just wearing jeans that fit , a belt , nice shoes - never take that for granted .
It 's not like I was ever a fucking fashion plate or anything , but now I have this new found appreciation for looking nice .
How justified was my paranoia today .
What did I dream of last night .
What kind of bad things will float through my head if I do n't control it .
I 'd literally have to take stock of my own psychological well being .
No one should have to do that .
Because questioning your sanity is like picking at a scab - once you start it bleeding you can't help but keep picking .
And by virtue of your questioning , you make it true .
I went more than a little crazy inside .
The insane amount of smack I ingested might have had something to do with it .
But more likely the circumstances .
For me , the punishment of prison was less about separation , and more about the forced introspection .
Imagine a kind of forced autism , only without being any kind of savant .
That 's what prison is .
Outside , you 're free to keep your head in check .
You 're free to indulge your mind and keep it healthy .
And I guess if you keep your mind healthy , you 'll be less inclined to find yourself inside in the first place .
> So where are you living right now , OP ?
Are you still at that motel ?
Do you
> have your own comp or are you posting from an internet cafe or library or something ?
I 'm back at my own place .
Cable was disconnected while I was gone but I can get wireless .
Place smells so fucking bad because the power was cut , fridge defrosted , and the inside kind of looks like someone died in there .
It 's better than the men's shelter though where most parolees end up .
Strangely , I 'm pretty sure the place has been broken into , probably several times , but they only took DVDs .
I suspect my ex -[ girlfriend ] might have been living here while I was inside .
But seriously this fridge looks like it 's been stewing in mould for about a century .
If I was n't so distracted by looking at porn and streaming MTV and Comedy Network I 'd probably look up how to clean it .
As it is , I 've wheeled the fucker outside .
> They actually taught me how to sew inside .
I 've been wondering if I could n't maybe become a tailor or
> something .
America 's first straight , ex-con fashion designer .
>>527493 here .
I was wondering what kind of skills you have to work with - both from before and during your
> incarceration .
Who knows , perhaps someone here might be able to hook you up with a job .
My other question has to do with solitary , because I 've felt myself strangely attracted to the idea of being in solitary confinement and sometimes wonder how I would cope .
Could you explain the experience a little more , and your reactions to it ( if it 's not too overwhelming to think about ) ?
It 's kind of funny ; but all of the things you are listing about freedom that should n't be taken for granted - I really do appreciate and spend time reveling in them , and then I feel like I 'm odd because most people just do n't .
I 'm not sure that I have any particular reason why I do this , either .
Perhaps a penchant for introspection and pessimism ( or as I like to say , realism ) about the way things are forces me focus on the small joys of life .
Are n't they wonderful ?
Also OP , I have to say that I was nearly moved to tears by some of your recent posts .
It had n't happened up until now - perhaps because I have heard / read a few things about prisons before , or perhaps your story is becoming more personal .
Anyways , thanks for answering all these questions .
I hope this conversation is benefitting you as much as the rest of us .
> They actually taught me how to sew inside .
I 've been wondering if I could n't maybe become a tailor or > something .
America 's first straight , ex-con fashion designer .>> 527493 here .
I was wondering what kind of skills you have to work with - both from before and during your > incarceration .
Who knows , perhaps someone here might be able to hook you up with a job .
My other question has to do with solitary , because I 've felt myself strangely attracted to the idea of being in solitary confinement and sometimes wonder how I would cope .
Could you explain the experience a little more , and your reactions to it ( if it 's not too overwhelming to think about ) ?
It 's kind of funny ; but all of the things you are listing about freedom that should n't be taken for granted - I really do appreciate and spend time reveling in them , and then I feel like I 'm odd because most people just do n't .
I 'm not sure that I have any particular reason why I do this , either .
Perhaps a penchant for introspection and pessimism ( or as I like to say , realism ) about the way things are forces me focus on the small joys of life .
Are n't they wonderful ?
Also OP , I have to say that I was nearly moved to tears by some of your recent posts .
It had n't happened up until now - perhaps because I have heard / read a few things about prisons before , or perhaps your story is becoming more personal .
Anyways , thanks for answering all these questions .
I hope this conversation is benefitting you as much as the rest of us .
It 's disturbing , and a little embarrasing , but I 'd graduated a college before going away .
As for solitary :
The offical term for it is ' administrative segregation ' or ad seg , or the dungeon .
Our was a low , hexagonal building with no exits and one entry , through a wire fenched tunnel .
Inside your cell , which about two , three feet smaller than a normal cell and only as narrow as the door , you have two doors , one in out into the main room where the boss ' have access to the other six room , and the other door to a fenced yard no more than three paces across from corner to corner .
That door would unlock for an hour , than a light would come on telling you to go back inside , than you might get one or two more hours a day if they need to hold another convict in your cell before transfer , or before being taken to infirmary .
But you never see another human the whole time .
Standard time in ad seg was three days to a week .
Longer for the most serious infractions .
My first time in solitary was during a mass transfer , which is when our pen would be filled with extra inmates from another pen over night before being moved on .
I was there for three days .
The first day was n't so bad .
In the beginning , I thought ' this is interesting ' at least .
And I kind of enjoyed being alone .
I jacked off a lot .
The second day , I read the bible .
Which is the only book allowed in ad seg .
The third day ...
I began to imagine I 'd been forgotten about , and I started to panic .
Like Mau-dib says " Fear is the Mind Killer " .
Once you start down the road , there is no going back .
You think you can handle it , like being alone is n't so bad , like it 's almost a relief ...
But they make the room just the slight little bit too small .
You lose track of time .
You can't see the light or figure out what day it is .
You resort to counting out loud the seconds .
You can't distract yourself anymore and you start pacing but there is n't enough room to pace and it just makes it worse .
I 'd never had a panic attack before , so I did n't know what to expect .
My heart just started pounding out of my chest and I felt like I was going to faint .
I wanted to faint , so I could at least sleep and waste some time .
But I could n't .
I ended up by stay in ad seg screaming for help , until they came in and tasered me .
I woke up back in my old cell .
The next morning , they pulled me out of bed , and said because I fucked up in ad seg ...
I 'd be put back in ad seg .
For a week .
I screamed and tried to get away on my way back so they put leg cuffs on me and did n't take them off .
I got tasered again .
This just made it worse .
That was when I decided to get some dope as soon as I was out .
On the plus side , I now have scary accurate recall of obscure biblical passages .
What 'd you major in , OP ?
I 'm willing to bet that it was n't armed robbery .
This is turning out to be a very interesting thread , the best we 've had in some time .
Your story is very intriguing , and I 'd like ti know more about the protagonist .
Tell us a bit more about yourself , like what you did in school , what led you to do what you did .
This way we can get a clearer image of a ' before and after ' .
Also , you should really get off the drugs , man .
Any way you can .
Maybe you could check into re-hab .
So your parents paid for your house , but they cut the power , cable , etc ...
How'd you get a computer , how are you getting around , what money are you living off of and where 'd it come from ?
I 'm intrigued by the logistics of it .
What 'd you major in , OP ?
I 'm willing to bet that it was n't armed robbery .
This is turning out to be a very interesting thread , the best we 've had in some time .
Your story is very intriguing , and I 'd like ti know more about the protagonist .
Tell us a bit more about yourself , like what you did in school , what led you to do what you did .
This way we can get a clearer image of a ' before and after ' .
Also , you should really get off the drugs , man .
Any way you can .
Maybe you could check into re-hab .
So your parents paid for your house , but they cut the power , cable , etc ...
How'd you get a computer , how are you getting around , what money are you living off of and where 'd it come from ?
I 'm intrigued by the logistics of it .
I do n't want to give away too much of my personal information , but I 'll say as much as I feel I can :
I did n't grow up in Michigan , but my parents had been thinking of moving to Ann Arbor , which co-incided with UMich being the closest thing to Ivy League I was going to get into .
I was at the LSA , College of Literature - but I flunked out of language training .
Mom and Dad fronted the cash for me to study overseas , hoping I 'd get to Europe and actually learn enough German / French for me to come back the next semester and finish my degree .
I ended up traveling with a bunch of Australians and decided to fuck off college and head to Sydney .
Mom and Dad threatened to stop funding what was becoming basically an all expenses paid drug binge unless I re-enrolled , and I convinced them to pay for me to go to the University of Sydney - which is just this spectacular campus right in the heart of the city , only half an hour from some of the most beautiful beaches you 'll ever see in your life .
I stayed for 3 years and actually manged to piece together a degree .
I told my parents I wanted to stay , and had already applied to extend my student Visa - but they told me if I did they 'd cut me off .
It was the stupidest thing I ever did in my life , driven by laziness and privlidge , but I decided to go back to the States .
In Australia , university is different - they do n't have a distinction between college and uni - you can get your BA at 21 and off you go .
Mom and Dad did n't think it was good enough so they wanted me back at Uni doing a post grad course .
They 're both academics and they did n't want to cut me lose without a ' proper education ' .
Fucking backfired because Michigan depressed me so much I ended up fucking off to Detroit and squating , bar tending , just generally being a miscreant really .
Long story short , that 's where I was when we decided we could get away with a stick up job .
So basically - I was an over privlidged little fuck who had the world laid out at his feet , and threw it all up down the toilet .
One of the many things that prison taught me - especially after being confronted with the suffering and abject poverty of black convicts - is take what you 're given and do n't argue .
Because you got lucky .
You could have been born black with a crack pipe in your crib .
Crib as in , cot , not you know , a house .
I might have done time but I 'm not that ebonic .
just read the thread .
i'm curious , OP , as to exactly how friendly or unfriendly people are in there .
i mean if you walked by some guy ( or a group of guys ) you 've never met , would you just stare straight ahead ?
how often were you scared of being attacked ?
were some attacks on other inmates random ?
was there a small group of guys that got shit on the most ?
great thread by the way .
just read the thread .i'm curious , OP , as to exactly how friendly or unfriendly people are in there .
i mean if you walked by some guy ( or a group of guys ) you 've never met , would you just stare straight ahead ? how often were you scared of being attacked ?
were some attacks on other inmates random ? was there a small group of guys that got shit on the most ?
great thread by the way .
Well people are not friendly .
You build a network like this - your cell mate , who is pretty much forced to deal with you day in and day out , then his friends - thanks to prison ethnic populations , as a white guy , if you 're racked with a black guy - he 'll be your best friend after lights out and during lock down , but chances are he 'll spit on you if he 's with his people .
This is n't a big deal .
You see it coming a mile off .
I was lucky in that my first long term cell mate , by virtue of being an older guy , hung with a more diverse group of old timers who were more accepting .
They respected , to a degree , the fact I was n't in on drugs , so we had that in common .
These guys were all stick ups and a couple of murders .
But they were also deeply suspicous of my light years , and the fact I was white .
Forget what you 've heard about black gangs , there is only one black gang - the black gang .
They put all their bullshit aside inside and pull together , look out for each other .
You really have to respect that .
Aryan Brotherhood , or at least our pasty wannabe Aryans in my pen were cunts of the highest order .
You did n't make eye contact with them .
You did n't buy off them .
Trade with them .
Talk to them .
Most of them could n't even fuck you up in my prison , they were weedy little shitbirds who got nasty nazi tats to look tough .
But ...
Just by virtue of getting the brands , they could make your life hell by fucking with you until you get a transfer ... where their real brothers might be waiting .
So yeah .
People are not friendly inside .
It 's an endless shit fight of politics and fuckery .
This one hits me particularly hard .
I feel like this , but at all times .
Even in my attempts to drown out massive parts of my psych , I always feel this part of me that sits and stares at all of my faults , examining , saying ' Look here !
Another failing !
You are faulty !'
Because of you OP , I 'm going to visit a psychologist tomorrow and talk to some of my best friends for help .
Thank You .
I do have a question for you .
I 've had this belief that you can't really know yourself until you 've experienced a great tragedy in your life .
This can be a near death experience ( this feels similar , as you surmised earlier ) , the loss of a loved one , or any number of extremely harrowing ' adventures ' .
Do you feel this is true ?
It 's easily evident that you have grown a lot as a person .
What does n't kill you makes you stronger , as they say .
Would you consider this a level of enlightenment , where your life is now more fulfilled after these experiences ?
Or if you had the chance , you would roll everything back and be the man before the crime ?
Thank you for even considering to continue to answer our questions .
This one hits me particularly hard .
I feel like this , but at all times .
Even in my attempts to drown out massive parts of my psych , I always feel this part of me that sits and stares at all of my faults , examining , saying ' Look here !
Another failing !
You are faulty !'
Because of you OP , I 'm going to visit a psychologist tomorrow and talk to some of my best friends for help .
Thank You .
I do have a question for you .
I 've had this belief that you can't really know yourself until you 've experienced a great tragedy in your life .
This can be a near death experience ( this feels similar , as you surmised earlier ) , the loss of a loved one , or any number of extremely harrowing ' adventures ' .
Do you feel this is true ?
It 's easily evident that you have grown a lot as a person .
What does n't kill you makes you stronger , as they say .
Would you consider this a level of enlightenment , where your life is now more fulfilled after these experiences ?
Or if you had the chance , you would roll everything back and be the man before the crime ?
Thank you for even considering to continue to answer our questions .
OP here .
Will still answer questions when ever I stop by since some of you get a kick out of it .
There was a kind of ' mini- riot ' in our dorm not long before I got out .
A fight started over something in the yard , I did n't see what , and the boss , who must have been new or something , decided the best way to deal with it was to coral convicts back into the common area and push everyone back into their cells .
Me and about three other guys were all ready in our cells , which were on the top tier of our block , and so we 're looking down at about 20 COs trying to push about 50 - 60 convicts through a set of double doors .
One of the COs was getting his face smashed in by two guys on either side of him , so another CO has gone to hit one of them with his taser .
Now I do n't know what happened , I think this one boss forgot he still had a cartridge loaded - mostly in a situation like that , the COs use the ' contact ' taser , which is the little pistol but they have to press it into you to shock you - so he 's gone to do that , but fired off a cartridge , the one that sends off the two spikes into the target .
As best anyone could figure it , one of the prongs has gone into the convict , and another has gone into the CO being pummeled .
So when the convict tries to grab him , it closes the circuit and they both get zapped .
It was like dumping a bag of bloody mince into a shark pool .
As soon as the boss went down , every convict in the fray just pounced on him , and even guys who could n't possibly have seen it from our vantage point dived in , as if they could smell the sudden weakness .
Me and a few other guys just watched - because we could hear the rapid response team coming .
The guys with whom you did not fuck .
I turned to this old timer , and by old timer I mean he 's probably 30 or so , but he'd been in a decade - and said ' there are people in the free world that would pay money for shit like that ' .
He 's nodded sagely and said ' son , life is not an extreme sport . '
I guess , in a roundabout kind of way , that 's how I feel on the whole ' adversity makes you stronger ' kick .
Life is not an extreme sport .
Before I went away , I was kind of an adrenelin junky .
That 's one of the factor 's that lead me to commiting my crime in the first place .
I used to think you could n't truly know yourself until you 'd put your body and mind through intense experiences .
But prison taught me this is n't true .
That 's privlidged , middle class logic .
What prison taught me was that some people are born into a life where they 're going to be subjected to intense life experiences and personal tragedy on an almost daily basis .
So no , I do n't think you get enlightenment after something like that .
I think all anyone really wants , if they 're honest with themselves , is a quiet , easy life surrounded by people that love them .
Anything else is a conceit .
Simple question , what was the first thing you said to your cell - mate when you got in ( and vice versa I guess ) ?
I 'm actually curious to know how that conversation goes most the time .
I just ca n't see " sup " being the usual ice breaker .
Simple question , what was the first thing you said to your cell - mate when you got in ( and vice versa I guess ) ?
I 'm actually curious to know how that conversation goes most the time .
I just ca n't see " sup " being the usual ice breaker .
There is n't a convict alive who over time does n't become intimately aware of just how bad ass they seem by virtue of being inside .
There is n't a guy inside who does n't allow himself that exagerated swagger because ' he a convict ' and he does n't take shit from no one .
A part of that swagger is silent intimidation .
If you really want to scare someone you say nothing .
So introductions to new cellmates usually begin with long periods of silence .
You stand on the thresh hold , clutching your bedding like it's an anchor to the free world and your cellmate just stares at you , for a long , long time .
You do n't say anything , because they do n't look like they 're going to say anything back .
You could be racked with a white collar fraudster and they 'll still give you the same treatment , because back in the day they got the same treatment and so on and so forth all the way back to the first guy that ever got locked up in some dungeon thousands of years ago .
I had three cellmates I racked with for any length of time and a dozen or so more who were cycled in during transfers or when gen pop swelled over summer .
Eventually , they ask you what you 're in for .
I always imagined there would be some kind of prison slang for this , like I 'd be asked what I was in for but in some alien prison kant that I would n't understand .
But luckily , you 're just asked ' what you in for ' .
And then you and the other guy do a little dance around it , you ask him what he 's in for , he does n't tell you , you tell him maybe one of your charges , he tells you one of his and on and on .
And then you both end up bitching about the criminal justice system .
No one , and this is unexpected , no one is a total asshole to their cellmate .
It 's just counter productive .
Even the biggest asshole inside will still show a degree of respect to the person you 're going to be locked up with .
Because you do n't want bad blood in the cell unless you want to sleep with one eye open .
There was a guy we were inside with though , whose cell was on the low tier nearest the main door .
So he was the first one to see the fresh meat .
Anytime a new inmate would be brought in , he 'd yell out 'he fuck babies , I seen him , he fucked a baby , I seen him before I went away niggers , he a baby fucker kill that baby fucker ! ' and he'd do this every fucking time a new inmate would be brought in .
And he'd go on with it for about half an hour afterwards to .
So the first thing a prospective convict would hear on being greated to the dorm would be this nigger , with this high pitched Canadian accent - like Steve Erkel - hollaring about how he'd seen you , and that you were a baby fucker .
So when the new inmate would be brought inside , he'd get the silent treatment the whole time this crackhead would be barking about the baby fucker .
And then his cellmate would lean in real close and whisper ' you a baby fucker ? '
Prison humour is never really funny .
That 's probably the closest thing we ever had to a running gag .
I guess it was funny because we all knew child sex offenders ever got locked in with us ... but the new guys did n't know that .
You know what , I had just sort of assumed you graduated from college - and did n't really realise my assumption until you made that comment .
Anyways , why be embarrassed ?
It makes you different than many armed robbers , and you can probably use that fact and your education to your advantage .
About ad seg - that sounds scarily intense .
And yes , fear would make it so much worse .
Hey , I know you 've doing the ReEntry ' therapy ' sessions , and talking about things here - but are you planning to tell your family about how things were ?
I think they 'll probably ask you at some point ; and it might not be a bad idea to go ahead and tell them so that they do n't underestimate what you 've gone through and you do n't feel like you have to wear a mask in front of them .
Think of it as restarting the relationship on honest terms .
It 's not too late to mend fences , and it sounds like they do want you to remain involved .
Why not accept their help and support to get your life going again ?
You know what , I had just sort of assumed you graduated from college - and did n't really realise my assumption until you made that comment .
Anyways , why be embarrassed ?
It makes you different than many armed robbers , and you can probably use that fact and your education to your advantage .
About ad seg - that sounds scarily intense .
And yes , fear would make it so much worse .
Hey , I know you 've doing the ReEntry ' therapy ' sessions , and talking about things here - but are you planning to tell your family about how things were ?
I think they 'll probably ask you at some point ; and it might not be a bad idea to go ahead and tell them so that they do n't underestimate what you 've gone through and you do n't feel like you have to wear a mask in front of them .
Think of it as restarting the relationship on honest terms .
It 's not too late to mend fences , and it sounds like they do want you to remain involved .
Why not accept their help and support to get your life going again ?
Literacy levels in prison are fucking awful .
If I were in a gang , when I was n't selling crack and doing drive by shootings , I 'd be making sure prospective gang members knew how to read because inside , there is n't much else to do .
A lot of cons end up teaching themselves how to read because there is n't much else to do apart from get a library book .
But writing is fucking horrendous .
My spelling is bad , and as a few people have pointed out it 's even worse from having studied abroad , but you would be hard pressed to find many convicts who can string a sentence together with a pen .
One of my cellmates was functionally illiterate and so with nothing else to do , I 'd help him write letters for his appeals and back to his daughter .
He told his people , who then started coming to me as well , so for a while , I had a steady supply of Reece 's Pieces in return for helping people write letters .
It was n't a Dead Poet 's Society moment or anything - I did n't teach anyone how to write and we did n't all end up holding hands and feeling we 'd grown as humans .
It was just a good way to pass time .
But sooner or later I got asked how come I could write , and so I told them I 'd been to University , thinking I 'd just get put upon for a while - convicts will pick on you for anything .
But instead everyone just seemed really disappointed .
Instead of cracking jokes about it , they seemed genuinely upset that a white kid , with a college degree , would be so stupid as to get himself locked up inside .
So I was made to feel kind of embarrased , and ashamed at having an education - a shame that I still have n't kicked having got out .
As for talking to my parents about it , I had lunch with them today .
My Mom clearly does n't want to know about it , she just seems to think that now I 'm back that ' part of my life is over ' - but my Dad seems really cut up over it .
He keeps coming outside with me for cigarettes - he does n't smoke , and he just stands there as if he really wants to ask me something .
I know what it , I know he wants to know if I was raped inside ... and it kind of pisses me off .
As if he thinks that the worst thing that can happen to you in prison is being raped .
So no , I have n't really discussed it with my parents and I probably wo n't .
Just curious OP , have you considered doing some public speaking ?
The stuff in this thread is the kind of shit I would have actually payed attention to when one of those goofy preachy anti-drug groups would send speakers back when I was in high school .
Being well spoken all by itself makes it better than hearing some wretched burn out ruinate the language while failing to make their point .
That or maybe consider writing or whatever .
Just curious OP , have you considered doing some public speaking ?
The stuff in this thread is the kind of shit I would have actually payed attention to when one of those goofy preachy anti-drug groups would send speakers back when I was in high school .
Being well spoken all by itself makes it better than hearing some wretched burn out ruinate the language while failing to make their point .
That or maybe consider writing or whatever .
When I was inside , I felt like I should be keeping a diary , I felt like I owed it to myself .
But everytime I could score sufficent paper , I would sit there and stare at the page with nothing to say .
Since getting out , I 've been writing constantly .
Just everything that pops into my head .
I considered , briefly , getting a blog or something - but at the moment , I do n't want any chance of being identified .
So I came here .
I 'm not going to go on a speaking circuit or anything .
This story is n't unique .
Quote :
In response to the questions about my spelling :
If anons want to pick holes in things that 's fine .
I 'm not going to get in arguments , because that 's not why I wanted to post .
I was really desperate to share this with anyone , under the guise of anonymity , and I thought [ sic ] , more than anywhere else I frequently go , would be interested .
I instinctively add a u to a few words from having written a lot with a UK English spell checker and I never suffix ' - iser ' with a 'z ' .
Of course there are holes in some things .
I wo n't answer everything .
I probably exagerate things a little to - but if you want factual and unbiased reporting you should try CNN and not [ sic ] .
Hey OP , great thread .
I have a question that I want to ask you -
What sort of food do you usually get on a daily basis ?
I know you mentioned that the food is fattening - but you surely must have at least some vegetables or some proper nutritious food .
Hey OP , great thread .
I have a question that I want to ask you - What sort of food do you usually get on a daily basis ?
I know you mentioned that the food is fattening - but you surely must have at least some vegetables or some proper nutritious food .
The food is not as bad as you 'd think , but devoid of any nutrional value and incredibly unhealthy .
Everything inside is about limiting the aggression of convicts .
If they could get away with it , we 'd all cop a shot of valium every morning and another before bed .
One of the best ways of doing that is to serve up food that does n't piss people off , in big enough quantities that cons can get full , happy , and unlikely to start fights .
One of my cellmates had been in the Marine Corps , and he said the food inside was better than what he got in the Marines .
But he said they had a strategy too - that bad food brought Marines together , gave them something to communally hate .
They want to do the opposite inside , and not give us anything to bond over .
Prison food consists of three meals a day served in a dining hall accessed by all the other blocks / dorms .
This makes it one of the most volitile places in your pen , because there is a lot of anemity between blocks over who 's responsible for lock downs , and a lot of people borrow from convicts outside of their block because those people are easy to avoid until chow time .
Keeping cons more interested in their food than each other is crucial to avoid confrontations .
Breakfast was always oatmeal , beans , toast and a rotating assortment of knock off cereal .
Like instead of Fruit Loops you 'd get ' Fruit Balls ' or something from Mexico .
They never tasted quite right .
Milk was always powdered , in a big dispenser ironically labeled ' Fresh Milk ' .
We 'd also get what we were told was organge juice , only it had no actual oranges in it .
Was just a orange colored sugary syrup .
You 'd only go to breakfast if you had no food of your own stashed , except for Thursdays , where there might be powdered eggs and bacon .
I kind of liked the powdered eggs , they were almost identical to the ones you get at McDonalds .
Lunch was rarely attended by anyone and would almost always be ingredients for sandwiches .
Junkies would go to lunch only to hoard bread , which is an excellent filter for smack , since cotton balls were impossible to come by .
You 'd let the bread start to go a little bit dry , and then you 'd make little balls out of it and put them over your plunger .
When you suck the smack into the plunger , the impurities would get caught in the bread .
Then you could ball the bread back up and stash it with the rest of your food .
During a shake down , the boss would come down hard if they found cottons , that is , cotton balls with heroin residue on them , but they would n't be able to tell if your bread had been tainted .
Then if your connect ever got shook down and you were without drugs for any length of time , you could suck on the bread balls .
The first time I went to dinner , I thought I must have came on some kind of special night , because I was n't prepared for the ' feast ' laid out for us .
I can still see it in my head , because it was the same every night .
From left to right : fried chicken , only because a fryer would have been too much of a brutal weapon to have in the pen , it was fried off - site and shipped in to be reheated in the microwave .
So it was soggy .
That was the extent of your pure protein too .
Then three pizzas - these fuckers were huge , industrial sized slabs .
Just a base , that resembled corrogated cardboard on the underside , with a sauce that was really just ketchup and cheese .
Endless mounds of melted , processed cheese .
There would be two of these , and one with pepperoni , only it was n't really pepperoni , it had no pepper .
Just a bland kind of red sausage .
Each day the pizzas would be laid out in a different pattern , and I imagined that I could divine the future based on the direction the pepperoni pizza was pointed .
Then mac and cheese - this was actually the best thing on the menu , since it most closely resembled something you 'd eat on the outside , then nachos , the lasagne .
The nachos and lasange looked identical , being two giant trays of an unknown red meat sauce , covered in flat , yellow soggy ' chips ' or ' pasta ' covered in cheese .
Basically tasted the same .
Then there was the bean dip , which was another tray of refriend beans and the closest thing to vegetables on the menu , tiny cubed peppers and tomatos and corn .
The bean dip was marked ' vegetarian ' .
On the first day I wondered if they saw where I 'd written ' Raw Vegan ' under dietry needs on my medical form .
Then a giant tray of more corn chips , then a giant tray of powdered mash , a pot of gravy , which would occassionaly accompany a roast of some description on holidays .
Then fruit , which was another tray of diced fruit in syrup .
Usually pears and peaches .
Sugar .
Salt .
Fat .
The key to a safe and happy correctional facility .
I do n't know how we did n't get scurvy .
> ... they pulled me out of bed , and said because I fucked up in ad seg ...
This is just fucked up .
There is no reason why this should still be going on in this day and age .
It is n't rehabilitation or punishment - it 's just plain fucking awful and entirely unnecessary .
What cunts .
Anyway , OP .
I hope you never stop writing on this thread , you know .
You 're just amazing .
Something you said here really got me thinking like the other guy .
When you said " And by virtue of your questioning , you make it true " .
I read that this morning and I 've been reflecting on it all day and it made me realise something about an issue I 've been struggling with recently .
It just made me look at it from a different perspective and I realised something pretty significant and , yeah , well , I guess I 've decided to walk away from that issue and with some strength now .
I just want to thank you , man .
I know it 's not related to what you 're talking about but I just wanted to tell you anyway because it goes to show I think that your self honesty and amazing attitude towards what 's happened to you has a much wider and infinitely more positive impact .
I know it 's early days and you 're out and you 've got a road of some difficulty ahead of you but you are a seriously awesome human being and I think you 're going to live quite a life .
If you ever get to London , I 'd be seriously honoured to buy you a beer or two .
In terms of people you were imprisoned with , can you give us any perspectives or stories on them ?
Sort of the person behind the crime kind of thing ?
Also , are you planning on looking up any of your old friends at all ?
Also , I 'll always remember this : " ... real freedom .
Is choosing how you waste your life " .
You 're seriously some guy , OP .
I agree with that other person that you should do talks for kids or something .
> ... they pulled me out of bed , and said because I fucked up in ad seg ... This is just fucked up .
There is no reason why this should still be going on in this day and age .
It is n't rehabilitation or punishment - it 's just plain fucking awful and enti
This is post 3 of a multipart series of posts .
All of the code to try this example for yourself is included here but much of it is explained in the previous posts .
The first and second parts can be found here .
Graphing Data in the HTML5 Canvas Element Part I Graphing Data in the [ … ]
99 shares Facebook 98
Pinterest 1
Email
Recently I came across an article about Sam Walton , the founder of Wal - Mart .
It was a very interesting read and I found some things I never knew .
After doing a little further digging about Wal - Mart I found an article quoting George Will , who had this to say about the company :
“ [ They ] are the most prodigious job - creator in the history of the private sector .
It has almost as many employees ( 1.3 million ) as the U.S. military has uniformed personnel .
A McKinsey company study concluded that Wal - Mart accounted for 13 percent of the nation ’s productivity gains in the second half of the 1990s , which probably made Wal - Mart about as important as the Federal Reserve in holding down inflation .
Wal - Mart and its effects save shoppers more than $ 200 billion a year , dwarfing such government programs as food stamps ( $ 28.6 billion ) and the earned - income tax credit ( $ 34.6 billion ) .
People who buy their groceries from Wal - Mart save at least 17 percent . ”
Wal - Mart is a huge and powerful corporation that was built from the ground up .
Sam Walton Had It All
Sam Walton got his start in the retail business by operating a Ben Franklin variety retail store .
With a $ 20,000 loan from his Father - in - Law and $ 5,000 of his own savings , Walton started the store and used concepts that no one was employing at the time , which made him wildly successful .
He constantly kept the shelves stocked with low - priced goods , stayed open later hours especially around the holidays and would buy in large volumes so he could get discounts on his cost of goods , which tranlsated to lower prices for his customers .
The first Wal - Mart was opened in 1962 and Walton went on to become one of the most well - known entrepreneurs of our modern age .
He was always battling for one of the top spots on the Forbes Rich List ( He was the richest man in the United States from 1982 - 1988 ) .
By the world ’s standards , this man had it all !
He started the largest - retail chain in America from the ground up .
He was rich .
He wanted to help people by creating stores that served the lower - income population .
He could buy anything in the world any time he wanted and yet there was something missing .
Sam Walton ’s Biggest Regret
Sam Walton , on his death bed , admitted something very frightening that should send shivers down our spines .
He admitted that he had blown it .
What exactly had he blown ?
Was it not taking advantage of opening more stores ?
Or maybe he could ’ve made even more money had he tried some different tactics ?
Maybe there was a big scandal that he kept secret for years .
No , it was n’t any of those things .
Instead , Walton was referring to the fact that he blew it with his family !
Walton – one of the richest men in America – admitted that he barely knew his youngest son and that he even neglected his grandchildren .
His wife stayed with him out of commitment .
He admitted he spent way too much time investing into his business rather than spending time with those who mattered most – his own family !
Can you imagine ?
An American tycoon , a business genius – admitting that he wasted his life !
Perhaps he should ’ve detached himself from his money .
Instead , he wasted precious moments that could ’ve been spent with his wife and children .
He wasted opportunities to build memories and leave a legacy worth far more than his multi-billion dollar empire !
And for what ?
Money , conquest , success ?
Walton realized , as he approached those final days , none of that mattered now .
None of it was as important as his family .
What This Means For Us
You may not create a business empire , but you will have plenty of opportunity to sacrifice time with your families to pursue wealth , build a business , starting a blog ( make money from a blog ) , improve your golf game , work on your hobbies , climb the corporate ladder or whatever else it is that ends up draining time away from your family .
Are any of those things wrong in and of themselves ?
NO !
Was Sam Walton ’s business and his empire wrong in and of itself ?
No .
What was wrong with Walton , sadly , is that he did n’t realize until it was too late that the quality of your close relationships is what matters most .
As Christians we know that the quality of our relationships , pursuing our passions by using the gifts
God has given to us , and living out the mission
He has for us are the most important things in life !
So , I have to ask you – just like I ask myself :
Do you think money is the answer to all your problems ?
Are you spending too much time at the office ?
Are you wasting your life ?
Do you wish the quality and quantity time with your wife , your kids and your loved ones was better ?
If so , why ?
What is more important to you than the time with your family ?
Do n’t wait til you are on your deathbed to realize what Sam Walton realized !
Make your life count today and leave a legacy that is worth more than any trust fund you ’ll leave your children !
What Are Your Thoughts ?
A Tremor for Haiti’s Aid Industry
On the second floor of a modest white house on a rutted road in Cap Haitien , 20 or so workers are busy at their workstations , churning out upwards of 3 tons of peanut butter ( mamba in Creole ) per month .
But this is no ordinary peanut butter .
It ’s Medika Mamba , a thick paste used to combat childhood malnutrition .
It requires no cooking , refrigeration , or rehydration , and it can be administered at home .
It is homemade Haitian in a way that most products are not these days :
It uses local workers and peanuts from local farmers , and it rehabilitates Haitian children .
In other words , it was the ideal thing to have around in the aftermath of the Jan. 12 earthquake .
But aid agencies did n’t buy it .
They had failed for 2 ½ years to audit the plant , a requisite for procurement , and so instead , they imported their own stuff : a similar supplement called Plumpy ’nut .
The result ?
Even before the earthquake , the market for so - called ready - to - use therapeutic foods ( RUTFs ) was flooded — and Medika Mamba was n’t able to compete .
And while the needy children were still getting fed , it was a major blow to the mamba - producing Meds & Foods for Kids ( MFK ) factory and its local employees .
Unfortunately , the Medika Mamba tale has been far too common in Haiti for years , emblematic of what has been wrong with foreign aid .
Local producers can rarely compete with the influx of food , medicine , and other supplies that aid agencies bring .
This is part of the reason why today — after decades of aid dependence — Haiti has almost no local economy for these goods .
When RUTFs were first created in 1999 , they were seen as a major step up from old malnutrition remedies .
In 2007 , a consortium of major aid agencies , including the World Health Organization , UNICEF , and the World Food Program , declared it the gold - standard treatment for severe acute malnutrition .
Gold standards can , however , lead to gold rushes .
Nutriset , the private French corporation that makes Plumpy ’nut , the world ’s most popular RUTF , saw its shipments rise almost threefold from 2007 to 2008 ; last year , it sold $ 72.3 million worth , mostly to UNICEF .
The efficiency with which Nutriset was able to turn out Plumpy ’nut , scaling up production to meet demand , would have been unimaginable in Haiti .
Most Westerners can’t imagine the tangles , snarls , and vexations that characterize any type of production there .
Farming practices are ancient , roads are awful , people lack education , and electricity and water are not free .
The majority of peanut farmers are smallholders ; even if they had tractors , they would n’t have plots large enough to use them on .
Farmers prepare the soil with pickaxes and hoes .
So by the time MFK buys peanuts locally from farmers near Cap Haitien , they cost between $ 1 and $ 1.50 per kilogram — five times the U.S. price .
And because farmers lack disease - resistant seeds and fungicides , such as those used in the United States , MFK has to throw out about 30 percent of the local peanuts it buys .
Given all this , it was no surprise that MFK struggled to compete when Nutriset established a Plumpy ’ nut franchise in the Dominican Republic , right next door to Haiti .
But the next - door plant was not the real reason why MFK was shut out of the market .
The trouble was the audit .
The saga started in 2007 , the same year that the aid agencies declared RUTFs the best - available treatment for severe acute malnutrition .
Later that year , the consortium established a food - safety audit process and charged Doctors Without Borders and UNICEF with inspecting manufacturers who wanted to supply the stuff .
By then , MFK had been making Medika Mamba in Haiti for four years , and it asked UNICEF for an audit .
According to MFK , UNICEF dithered and finally pawned the audit off to Doctors Without Borders at the end of 2008 .
In the middle of the audit , Doctors Without Borders changed tack , creating a new committee for food - safety inspections ; shortly after , the organization ’s auditor left his position .
Unaudited , MFK could not bid on most RUTF contracts , but it continued to supply Medika Mamba to non-consortium agencies , including Catholic Relief Services and World Vision .
Then late last year , MFK finally got a seal of approval from Supply Chain Management System , a contractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development , though Doctors Without Borders and UNICEF still did n’t recognize the audit .
UNICEF spokesperson Edward Carwardine said in an interview that , while Medika Mamba met quality requirements , UNICEF prefers single - dose sachets to larger bags .
Another UNICEF spokesperson told me that the organization had found a sample of Medika Mamba to be poor quality because the oil separates from the paste , like all organic peanut butter .
But neither a packaging requirement nor an emulsification requirement is outlined in any published standard .
And in fact , some Plumpy ’ nut comes in multidose servings , which some nutritionists prefer because mothers are less likely to resell it in that form .
MFK says UNICEF did not inform it of the emulsification complaint .
A former advisor in UNICEF ’s supply division , Stephen Jarrett , said via email that UNICEF does n’t inspect RUTF facilities from which it has no intention of procuring .
And after the earthquake there was nearly enough Plumpy ’ nut to satisfy demand ; private entities like the Clinton Foundation donated more in the weeks that followed .
Whatever the rationale for not auditing MFK , the result was clear — MFK became yet another Haitian producer unable to compete in the aid market .
It ’s a contest that , to Haitian producers , often seems rigged : Aid agencies are accustomed to big global suppliers ; imports are often cheaper ( in some cases because they ’re subsidized or donated ) ; and exporters encounter none of the headaches of production that occur in Haiti daily .
In recent years , local production has become a pressing matter .
The issue ignited after the April 2008 food riots , when President René Préval decried Haiti ’s vulnerability to global commodity price swings ; his reluctance to subsidize the price of imported rice contributed to his government ’s downfall .
After January ’s earthquake , politicians reiterated the call for national production , with Préval halting food aid in the tent cities .
Eighty percent of rice consumed in Haiti is imported , whether as aid or trade , and , according to the government , the country spends most of its foreign exchange on food .
That foreign food pushes market prices down .
As a result , the 50 percent of Haitians who subsist on agriculture are priced out of the market , condemned to the paltriest subsistence farming imaginable .
If aid groups were to buy locally , it would be a good start .
Of course , that ’s not to say that it would be easy .
The World Food Program had boosted its purchases of local rice and other foodstuffs before the earthquake and continues to do so .
But Haiti ’s inefficiencies are never far from view : Haitian rice costs more than Pakistani rice , for example , so the World Food Program must get special clearance to contract with a bidder whose price is not the lowest .
So far , it has been able to buy only 1 percent of its rice locally .
MFK ’s way around this problem has eventually come , at last .
It will soon become a part of Nutriset , which will in turn shut down its Dominican factory .
MFK founder and director Patricia Wolff says one of the major advantages of joining Nutriset is the credibility it gives MFK with UNICEF , the biggest potential buyer .
The MFK facility will probably be audited at last and will be thus able to compete for the kind of large contracts that would make it sustainable .
" Our idea was to build a model that was replicable , " Wolff told me .
" But humanitarian international buyers have never bought from the national producers .
So maybe , the lesson is , it ’s not sustainable . "
I ’ve Posted earlier a list of must - have programs on Windows 7 .
In this post the list will be completed with a bonus list .
This list will make Windows 7 much cooler .
This list is more into interface and make it looks nicer also some tweaks for a nicer user experience .
All Programs in this list are Free and Downloadable , Download Links are available after each program description .
Bonus Programs
Jumplist Extender
One of the cool features of Windows 7 is the Jumplist of the dock .
Right click on an icon and you get shortcuts using this program .
Some programs did not know Windows can be that cool , so they did n’t really support that feature .
JumpList Extender helps you add those shortcuts to the ( right - click ) jumplist .
Just know the keyboard short cut for the action you want and add it .
Picasa
The easiest way to upload images online , have a folder that uploads automatically once you add any new image to it .
It also has another web - based version .
It ’s a Google application .
They tend to make their application just fast and awesome !
Moo Multi-Desktop
This feature is one thing I ’ve been looking for since I tried Ubuntu .
It is very useful , Com’on Microsoft you ’ve copied most of your work , ca n’t you just copy this one too !!
Anyways ,
This application adds this feature to your Windows 7 .
However you ca n’t have the same program running in two different desktops .
Chrome works , but in a scary way .
You can have different web browsers for each desktop for example .
Yet it ’s a nice add to Windows 7 .
Switcher
Here is one way to have a cool way to switch between opened apps ,
It ’s a mac - like application .
Clicking “ Windows + ~ ” you get all the opened applications in a grid all over your screen (s ) and by pressing the number on that app you just switch to it .
You can also search by typing the tab name , it auto completes in a nice way , it filters the tabs and keeps the ones the matches your text .
Fences
Here is my favorite way to clear and make your desktop looks better and simpler .
If you have many icons , folder and files , I recommend you try this .
It create fences ( Blank transparent boxes ) where you group your files , folders in .
This way you will have different fences on your desktop grouping all your stuff .
double Click will Vanish all your fences , for clear desktop .
You can exclude icons from disappearing by ” Right - click > Exclude this icon from Fences Quick hide “ .
AppSnap
Need more apps for your Windows 7 .
Get this one , it gives you a huge list of applications to install and keep them updated with time .
Open Arena
That ’s an open source Shooting Game .
It is pretty cool , You walk around collecting guns and ammo and shooting other creatures , it has different game types ( Capture the flag , last man standing etc. )
It ’s free , online gaming free as well and it ’s pretty fast .
If you are looking for a new game to addict online , here you go !
That ’s it Guys , Hope you liked the list , Please comment and share if you have any cool Application you wanna share with the readers .
Image caption Evidence shows the " agents " had not integrated deeply into US society
The funniest aspect of the careers of the 10 alleged Russian " agents " arrested in the US is how inept they were - and how apparently unsuccessful .
They have not even been charged with espionage , only with not registering as agents , or representatives , of a foreign government and with money laundering .
The most worrying aspect , for Western governments , is that the Russian intelligence agency should be engaged in this kind of endeavour , as if the US were still an enemy .
The old KGB clan , symbolised by Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , still seems to exercise influence .
It must have been fun for them , a reminder of the " good old days " perhaps , to nurture this network , though surely some smart people in Moscow must have begun to wonder when there would be some results .
But this does not compare with those Cold War " good old days " , when agents such as Colonel Abel and Peter and Helen Kroger were also " illegals " living in the West and handing on nuclear secrets .
Indeed , if this is the best the Russians can come up with , it does not say much about their level of penetration of the US government .
These supposed agents did not even dare to work for the US government itself , afraid that their cover stories would not stand up .
Some of them had been living incognito in the US since the 1990s and seem to have hardly done anything .
In fact , several were settling in rather too comfortably .
Password blunder
In one case , the major issue for the couple concerned - " Richard and Cynthia Murphy " , known as the " New Jersey Conspirators " , was why they could not buy the house they were living in .
The fact that the FBI gained access to these encrypted messages shows how thoroughly compromised they were Paul Reynolds
They pointed out correctly to " Moscow Centre " that the US was a society " that values home ownership " and that when in Rome " do as the Romans do " .
It was a neat argument , but Moscow suspected that they were taking advantage .
They hotly protested that they had not " deviated " from their mission .
Another couple , " Donald Heathfield and Tracey Foley " , the " Boston Conspirators " , also seem to have been doing rather too well .
Their accounting of $ 64,000 ( £ 42,500 ) given to them reads like the expenses of a British MP - " meals and gifts $ 1,250 " ; " education $ 3,600 " ; " business ( cover ) $ 4,900 " etc .
The fact that the FBI gained access to these encrypted messages shows how thoroughly compromised they were .
Their e-mails must have been read , as the word " roumors " ( sic ) is used at one point and the details of the investigation show how incompetent they were .
The FBI was bugging and burgling them for years .
In a clandestine raid on the home of " Richard and Cynthia Murphy " , the FBI found the 27 - letter password to a computer disc .
This gave access to a programme in which a message could be stored in an image on a website and decoded at the other end .
Image caption
The incident shows a lack of long - term trust among the Russians
It is sophisticated but it fell foul of the old failing , human weakness .
Who can actually remember a 27 - letter password ?
So they wrote it down .
It reminds one of the times when the British decoders at Bletchley during World War II were helped when lazy German operators did not change the settings on their Enigma machines .
Some of the other evidence shows how little these agents had in fact integrated into US society .
They had to be given large bags of cash , in one case allegedly by a Russian diplomat at the UN .
And their achievements seem minimal .
They were asked for quite high - level stuff - US tactics in advance of a visit by President Barack Obama in 2009 , US nuclear weapons policy , US policy towards Iran .
" Donald Heathfield " of the Boston couple does seem to have talked to some well - connected Americans , but that is not hard to do , and claimed to have spoken to an expert on nuclear " bunker - busting " bombs .
But you do not know if this was an exaggeration - and reminiscent of the hapless non-agent Jim Wormold in Graham Greene 's novel Our Man in Havana , who made up agents and information and passed off drawings of the vacuum cleaners he sold as secret weapons .
In one conversation , a couple is heard complaining that Moscow was demanding sources for their information .
In fact , Moscow seemed desperate enough to ask in one message for " tidbits " .
Diplomatically , this is damaging .
It shows a lack of long - term trust among the Russians .
The Americans have tried to minimise this and held off on the arrests until President Dmitry Medvedev left after his recent visit .
But it will leave a sour taste in President Obama 's mouth , even though it is something he must know goes on .
Update : a reader points out that the US must be spying on Russia , too , a point I accept of course .
Some British agents were caught communicating through an " electronic rock " in Moscow not long ago .
But this concept of the long - term mole does seem very Cold War .
There is one diplomatic footnote which might be followed up by the British and Irish governments .
They were angered recently by the use by Israelis of fake British and Irish passports in the killing of a Hamas official in Dubai .
These new documents indicate the Russians use the same ploy .
Paul.Reynolds-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Vinyl records have a unique place in the world of music media .
Aside from their warm analog tone , vinyl is the only popular medium that is nearly impossible to create or duplicate at home – something that ca n’t be claimed by cassettes , CDs , DVDs , and certainly not mp3s .
Not to be an apologist for piracy , this inherently creates more value for recorded music than using an easily reproducible medium ( be it physically or digitally ) does .
But as we all know , digital is the present and the future , and I am not complaining about that at all ; one look at my iTunes playlist and you ’ll know what I mean .
A while back , the site qj.net ran a piece on how to “ pirate ” a vinyl record using normal silicone casting materials .
Sadly , the link is broken , but thanks to the Wayback Machine , I ’ve pulled the archived copy up and am attaching it here for posterity :
Posted May 14 , 2006 at 06:49 AM by Anna S.Listed in : Misc. Gadgets
So you thought you ’ve pirated everything huh ?
Step 1
Using the wooden strips , make a box around the glass plate .
Seal off the edges using the window cement .
Make sure everything is air tight .
Step 2
Place your record inside the box making sure that the portion to be copied is facing upward .
Squeeze in some window cement to mark where the hole in the record is .
Step 3
Mix the silicone ( Smooth On OOMOO 30 or OOMOO 25 ) for about 3 minutes before pouring in to the mold .
Step 4
Pour in the mixture .
Start from one corner and let it fill - up the mold to about half a centimeter .
Make sure it ’s even .
Let it dry for 6 hours .
Step 5
Peel off the silicone from the cast .
Cut off the excess using a cutter .
Step 6
Pour the liquid plastic ( Smooth On Task # 4 ) on top of the silicone cast .
Step 7
Make sure that nothing spills over the round form .
You can also brush off any air bubbles that might occur .
Step 8
Carefully loosen the plate from the silicone form .
Using a drill press , bore a hole through the center of the plate .
You can use the silicone form as a template to make more copies .
There you have it .
Your very own pirated record .
( QJ translated this from the German site Zeit.de , also unavailable except via archive )
How well does this work ?
To be seen … the next step is to rip a vinyl record ( pretty easy to do using a USB turntable ) , then cast a copy of it using this technique .
Rip the copy , compare waveforms and look for any major discrepancies .
That ’s an upcoming project .
==========
Now , if you have n’t seen the exact process in how records are created , you might be surprised at how much manual cooperation is involved .
From inspecting the metal pressing discs and the lacquered masters , to centering the disc for hole punching , you ’ve got sweet old ladies who are meticulously making sure your music will sound great .
And the actual assembly process , even with automation , is like something you ’d see in a Detroit auto maker ’s factory : heavy hydraulic equipment pressing hot platters into precision shapes , rotating slicers , and vacuum - assisted label placers .
You can watch the whole process happen , courtesy of Discovery ’s “ How It ’s Made ” — part two is where things get interesting .
General health practitioners recommend that adults get at least seven hours of sleep each night for optimal functioning of mind , body and spirit .
Countless studies have proven the direct links between sleep quality and its effects on healthy immune functions , memory , learning , metabolism and much more .
A good night ’s sleep starts with a bedtime routine that prepares your body for a restful night ahead .
Some drift off peacefully with the help of simple melodies , while others prefer a calming voice to guide them
The following apps provide options for people of all sleep styles .
Forget counting those sheep and upgrade to sleep 2.0 with these 10 app picks .
This app is a guided meditation with self - help expert Andrew Johnson ( who just happens to sound a wee bit like Sean Connery ) .
The aim is to gently ease you into a more relaxed state , eventually falling into a deep sleep .
With soothing instructions for breathing and relaxation techniques , this app works like a charm and can become a valued part of anyone ’s nighttime routine .
Cost : $ 2.99
Cost : $ 0.99
Claiming to be your “ personal sleep assistant , ” pzizz is an app that aims to cure insomnia and keep users in a deep state of sleep throughout the night .
The steep price can be partly attributed to the range of scientific techniques built - in , such as binaural beats and neurolinguistic programming , that creates more than one billion soundtrack combinations .
With so many available , your mind wo n't get bored by the monotony of a repetitive track every night .
Modes of play include Energizer , Meditation and Sleep , and they are fully customizable to desired length .
If you are wary of the high price , there is a lite version currently on sale for $ 0.99 .
Cost : $ 9.99
Long Deep
Breathing is a simple , no frills app that promotes the practice of deep breathing for better health .
Using what ’s essentially a breath gauge , you simply follow the visual cues for inhaling and exhaling .
You can adjust the length of each breath and eventually increase the duration .
According to the app , the average person breathes about 12 - 16 times each minute .
By practicing and working that number down , you will reap the benefits and calm the mind .
Good information about the benefits of breathing is also included in the app .
Cost : $ 0.99
If you ’re really committed to learning more about your sleep habits , Sleep Cycle Alarm Clock provides you with a tool for analyzing your sleep habits .
By literally placing the iPhone next to you while you sleep , the app will monitor your movement and wake you in your lightest sleep phase so you arise feeling refreshed and well - rested .
Cost : $ 0.99
For those sleepers who like to mix and match the background noise they fall asleep to , eSleep is a good choice .
It offers a wide variety of sounds and loops and enables up to three sounds to play simultaneously .
eSleep is a good option for those who like variety and customization with their sleep sounds .
This app is also available with varying levels of functionality in Lite ( free ) and Deluxe ( $ 2.99 ) versions .
Cost : $ 0.99
Proactive Sleep is a multifunction sleep app that includes basics like an alarm clock with snooze feature and ambient music .
It also includes a more comprehensive “ sleep diary ” that lets users track their amount of sleep , difficulty falling asleep , exercise , caffeine consumption and more .
The data is averaged and can be viewed in seven day cycles , 30 day cycles , or all days .
Cost : $ 0.99
This is another guided meditation app that offers a choice of breath , deep rest or whole body meditations .
The app also has helpful meditation tips included in the release on how to maximize the benefits of these meditation techniques .
Cost $ 0.99
Alarm Tunes is a straightforward app that enables users to wake up to any selection from their iTunes libraries .
In addition to features such as screen dimming , alarm fade - in , shake to snooze and more , you can also use the app at night to fall asleep to music .
It will automatically shut off after 30 minutes .
This app is also available as a free lite version but with fewer options and functions .
Cost : $ 0.99
Falling asleep to sounds of nature can be a very peaceful way to drift off .
With the Relaxing Ambiance app , users can choose from 56 sounds including beach ambience , wind chimes , and forest streams .
The app also allows you to adjust volume and mix multiple sounds together to create your own sleep melody .
For the morning , you can set a wake up alarm using any of the programmed sounds to make the journey out of bed that much easier .
This app comes in a free lite version with fewer sound choices .
Cost : $ 0.99
Editor 's Note : A previous version of this list include the $ 2.99 app " Ambiance , " but shortly before publication Ambiance appeared to disappear from the US app store .
It was replaced on the list above , but it now seems to be available again .
For more mobile coverage , follow Mashable Mobile on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
More iPhone resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , aurora
About Us
Discover the story behind the birth of the Edge Pro Professional and learn about how long it took to go from prototype to finished product .
Introduction to Theory of Literature
with Paul H. Fry
This is a survey of the main trends in twentieth - century literary theory .
Lectures will provide background for the readings and explicate them where appropriate , while attempting to develop a coherent overall context that incorporates philosophical and social perspectives on the recurrent questions : what is literature , how is it produced , how can it be understood , and what is its purpose ?
Milton
with John Rogers
This class is a study of Milton ’s poetry , with attention paid to his literary sources , his contemporaries , his controversial prose , and his decisive influence on the course of English poetry .
Throughout the course , Professor Rogers explores the advantages and limitations of a diverse range of interpretive techniques and theoretical concerns in Milton scholarship and criticism .
Lectures include close readings of lyric and epic poetry , prose , and letters ; biographical inquiries ; examinations of historical and political contexts ; and engagement with critical debates .
Modern Poetry
with Langdon Hammer
This course covers the body of modern poetry , its characteristic techniques , concerns , and major practitioners .
The authors discussed range from Yeats , Eliot , and Pound , to Stevens , Moore , Bishop , and Frost with additional lectures on the poetry of World War One , Imagism , and the Harlem Renaissance .
Diverse methods of literary criticism are employed , such as historical , biographical , and gender criticism .
It can be stressful to apply for Social Security Disability ( SSD ) or Social Security Income ( SSI ) benefits when you are relying on them to pay basic living expenses and other bills .
Our lawyers understand what is at stake when we represent disabled individuals seeking the benefits they deserve .
Since 1985 , our locally owned firm has successfully represented individuals throughout the St. Louis metro , in eastern Missouri and southern Illinois .
Our lawyers have over eight decades of combined legal experience which we use to handle your matters effectively .
When you hire us , you will receive knowledgeable , proven counsel during a difficult time .
( CNN ) -- " Glee " really has something to cheer about now .
The Fox series about a misfit - filled glee club earned 19 nominations Thursday morning as the picks for the 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards were announced .
Among the nods : best comedy series , best actor in a comedy series for Matthew Morrison and best actress in a comedy series for Lea Michele .
" What an amazing year it 's been !
I never could have wished for more !
Thank you all so much ! " said " Glee " cast member Chris Colfer , who was nominated for best supporting actor , in a Twitter message .
" The Pacific , " the HBO miniseries about Marines in World War II 's Pacific theater , topped all entrants with 24 nominations .
The nominations , often criticized for picking the same names every year , welcomed several new entries along with " Glee . "
See the list of nominees
" The Good Wife , " the CBS show starring Julianna Margulies as a lawyer whose husband is derailed by scandal , earned nominations for best drama and best actress in a drama .
" Modern Family , " the breakout ABC comedy , earned a bid for best comedy series .
And two members of the " Friday Night Lights " cast -- Kyle Chandler and Connie Britton -- earned acting nods for their work on the much - praised but low - rated series .
" Congrats to our entire cast and crew .
Ed O'Neill deserves a BIG award , " said " Modern Family " producer Steven Levitan on Twitter .
" Modern Family " earned 14 nominations .
Old standbys also were recognized , including " Saturday Night Live , " which earned 12 nominations and has now surpassed " ER " as the most nominated show in Emmy history .
The late - night show , which recently concluded its 35th season , has received 126 nominations in its history .
The Emmy nominations also played a favorite in the late - night wars .
Conan O'Brien 's " Tonight Show " was nominated for best variety , music or comedy series , while Jay Leno and David Letterman were shut out of the category .
" Congrats to my staff on 4 Emmy nominations .
This bodes well for the future of ' The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien , ' " said O'Brien in a Twitter message .
Amid much controversy , O'Brien was replaced by Leno -- " Tonight 's " former host -- after a seven - month stint .
Also shut out : Charlie Sheen , who had been nominated four years in a row for " Two and a Half Men " before this year .
" Lost , " which wrapped up its run in May , earned nominations for best drama series and best actor in a drama ( Matthew Fox ) .
Cast members Terry O'Quinn and Michael Emerson earned supporting nods .
Also up for best drama : " Breaking Bad , " " Dexter , " two - time category winner " Mad Men " and " True Blood . "
" Mad Men " earned 17 nominations , tops among drama series .
" Curb Your Enthusiasm , " " Nurse Jackie , " " The Office " and " 30 Rock " joined " Glee " and " Modern Family " as best comedy series nominees .
" 30 Rock " has won the category three years in a row .
" This is great news , " said star Tina Fey in a statement .
" We 're grateful and excited .
Especially since today is the fifth anniversary of the day NBC forgot to cancel us . "
" Monk , " which concluded its long run last season , picked up a comedy series best actor nomination for star Tony Shalhoub .
The actor has won the trophy three times before .
" The Amazing Race , " which has won the best reality competition Emmy all seven years the category has existed , is up once again .
It 's going against " American Idol , " " Dancing With the Stars , " " Project Runway " and " Top Chef . "
Other major nominees included a pair of made - for - TV movies , " Temple Grandin " and " You Don't Know Jack . "
Both earned 15 nominations , including acting nods for their respective leads : Claire Danes , who played the title role in " Temple Grandin , " and Al Pacino , who played Dr. Jack Kevorkian in " You Don't Know Jack . "
HBO , which aired those two movies and " The Pacific , " led all networks with 101 nominations .
Among the broadcast networks , ABC was tops with 63 .
The Emmy Awards will air August 29 on NBC .
Jimmy Fallon is scheduled to host from the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in Los Angeles , California .
In the depths of northeastern India , in one of the wettest places on earth , bridges are n't built - they 're grown .
Cherrapunji is credited with being the wettest place on earth , and The War - Khasis , a tribe in Meghalaya , long ago noticed this tree and saw in its powerful roots an opportunity to easily cross the area ’s many rivers .
Now , whenever and wherever the need arises , they simply grow their bridges .
In order to make a rubber tree ’s roots grow in the right direction – say , over a river – the Khasis use betel nut trunks , sliced down the middle and hollowed out , to create root - guidance systems .
The thin , tender roots of the rubber tree , prevented from fanning out by the betel nut trunks , grow straight out .
When they reach the other side of the river , they ’re allowed to take root in the soil .
Given enough time , a sturdy , living bridge is produced .
The root bridges , some of which are over a hundred feet long , take ten to fifteen years to become fully functional , but they 're extraordinarily strong - strong enough that some of them can support the weight of fifty or more people at a time .
In fact , because they are alive and still growing , the bridges actually gain strength over time - and some of the ancient root bridges used daily by the people of the villages around Cherrapunjee may be well over five hundred years old .
One special root bridge , believed to the only one of its kind in the world , is actually two bridges stacked one over the other and has come to be known as the " Umshiang Double - Decker Root Bridge . "
These bridges were re-discovered by Denis P. Rayen of the Cherrapunjee Holiday Resort .
Due to his efforts to promote interest in the bridges , the local population has been alerted to their potential worth and has kept them from being destroyed in favor of steel ones .
What 's more , a new root bridge is currently being grown and should be ready for use within a decade .
Cherrapunji is credited with being the wettest place on earth , and The War - Khasis , a tribe in Meghalaya , long ago noticed this tree and saw in its powerful roots an opportunity to easily cross the area ’s many rivers .
Now , whenever and wherever the need arises , they simply grow their bridges .
In order to make a rubber tree ’s roots grow in the right direction – say , over a river – the Khasis use betel nut trunks , sliced down the middle and hollowed out , to create root - guidance systems .
The thin , tender roots of the rubber tree , prevented from fanning out by the betel nut trunks , grow straight out .
When they reach the other side of the river , they ’re allowed to take root in the soil .
Given enough time , a sturdy , living bridge is produced .
The root bridges , some of which are over a hundred feet long , take ten to fifteen years to become fully functional , but they 're extraordinarily strong - strong enough that some of them can support the weight of fifty or more people at a time .
In fact , because they are alive and still growing , the bridges actually gain strength over time - and some of the ancient root bridges used daily by the people of the villages around Cherrapunjee may be well over five hundred years old .
One special root bridge , believed to the only one of its kind in the world , is actually two bridges stacked one over the other and has come to be known as the " Umshiang Double - Decker Root Bridge .
" These bridges were re-discovered by Denis P. Rayen of the Cherrapunjee Holiday Resort .
Due to his efforts to promote interest in the bridges , the local population has been alerted to their potential worth and has kept them from being destroyed in favor of steel ones .
What 's more , a new root bridge is currently being grown and should be ready for use within a decade .
Tags :
The living bridges of Cherrapunji , India are made from the roots of the Ficus elastica tree .
This tree produces a series of secondary roots from higher up its trunk and can comfortably perch atop huge boulders along the riverbanks , or even in the middle of the rivers themselves .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Wing - to - tail guide to Zephyr , the ' eternal ' plane
The UK - built Zephyr unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) has confirmed its place in aviation history as the first " eternal plane " .
The solar - powered craft completed two weeks of non-stop flight above a US Army range in Arizona before being commanded to make a landing .
The Qinetiq company which developed Zephyr said the UAV had nothing to prove by staying in the air any longer .
It had already smashed all endurance records for an unpiloted vehicle before it touched down at 1504 BST ( 0704 local / 1404 GMT ) on Friday .
" We are just really delighted with the performance , " said project manager Jon Saltmarsh .
" It 's the culmination of a lot of years of effort from a huge number of really talented scientists and engineers , " he told BBC News .
Zephyr took off from the Yuma Proving Ground at 1440 BST ( 0640 local time ) on Friday , 9 July .
After only 31 hours in the air , it had bettered the official world record for a long - duration flight by a drone ; but then it kept on going , unencumbered by the need to take on the liquid fuel that sustains traditional aircraft .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption
The plane taking off - Footage courtesy of QinetiQ
Clear skies at 60,000 ft delivered copious amounts of sunshine to its amorphous silicon solar arrays , charging its lithium - sulphur batteries and keeping its two propellers turning .
At night , Zephyr lost some altitude but the energy stored in the batteries was more than sufficient to maintain the plane in the air .
Zephyr is set to be credited with a new world endurance record ( 336 hours , 24 minutes ) for an unmanned , un- refuelled aircraft - provided a representative of the world air sports federation , who was present at Yuma , is satisfied its rules have been followed properly .
Its fortnight in the sky easily beats the 30 hours , 24 minutes , set by Northrop Grumman 's RQ - 4A Global Hawk in 2001 .
Zephyr has also exceeded the mark set for a manned , non-stop , un - refuelled flight , set in 1986 by Dick Rutan and Jeana Yeager , who stayed aloft for nine days ( 216 hours ) , three minutes .
Their flight in the Voyager craft went around the world .
Profile raising
Jon Saltmarsh said the UAV , which has a 22.5 m wingspan , was no longer an experimental plane and was now ready to begin its operational life .
The fact that Zephyr completed its demonstration during the Farnborough International Airshow - which takes place on the doorstep of the Qinetiq company - will have done wonders for the craft 's profile .
Solar - powered high - altitude long - endurance ( Hale ) UAVs are expected to have a wide range of applications .
The military will want to use them as reconnaissance and communications platforms .
Civilian and scientific programmes will equip them with small payloads for Earth observation duties .
Their unique selling point is their persistence over a location .
Low - Earth orbiting satellites come and go in a swift pass overhead , and the bigger drones now operated by the military still need to return to base at regular intervals for refuelling .
" Qinetiq is now looking to the Ministry of Defence and the DoD ( US Department of Defense ) to put a system into service , " said Mr Saltmarsh .
" We have proved the concept ; we have proved we can provide persistence ; we have proved we can put useful payloads on to it that will actually do things the MoD has a requirement to do . "
The Zephyr flight is the second event of note this year in solar - powered aviation .
Earlier this month , Andre Borschberg became the first person to pilot a manned solar plane through the night .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
The news broke this morning : 27 - year - old Dallas Police Officer Kelly Beemer was out drinking last night , at Lee Harvey 's , when a few of her pals realized she 'd had a few too many to drive .
A fellow officer offered to drive her home .
They did n't quite make it .
At the intersection of Gaston Avenue and Abrams Road , Beemer 's gun went off inside a fellow officer 's patrol car .
This was ' round 11:30 p.m .
But the early accounts were sketchy .
DPD still had some investigating to do .
And , there was dashcam video to watch and listen to .
DPD just sent its official , detailed recap of what happened , along with Dallas Police Chief David Brown 's statement -- and he is not pleased , both with Beemer ( " reckless " ) and the officers who tried to get her home in one piece ( they " were trying to do the right thing but did it in the wrong way " ) .
DPD also provided the very - NSFW audio and video of the event , posted after the jump .
According to DPD , when Beemer became too drunk to drive , another off - duty officer at the bar offered to drive her home .
He got Beemer into his personal car -- but she jumped out and , according to DPD 's release , " attempted to hide . "
At which point two on - duty officers -- Miguel Jamaica and Beemer 's boyfriend Zachary Helm -- were called in to assist .
Beemer got into the back of Helm 's patrol car ; Jamaica went back on patrol .
Helm then called another officer , Steve Meyers , who'd just gotten off work , and told him maybe it'd be a good idea if he followed 'em home and watched Beemer " due to her intoxication . "
But for whatever reason , when they hit Gaston and Skillman , Beemer pulled a revolver out of her ankle holster and fired a single shot into the right rear floorboard of her colleague 's ride ...
In the dashcam footage above , officers escort Beemer ( who is clearly intoxicated and , well , upset ) to Helm 's car for a ride home from Lee Harvey's .
Above audio ( NSFW ) is from the dashcam footage in which you 'll hear Officer Beemer pulling a ankle - holstered pistol and firing it inside the cop car .
The on - duty officers disarm her .
...
Helm , naturally , stopped the car , and he and Meyers disarmed Beemer .
DPD 's spent the day conferring with the Dallas County District Attorney 's Office , and they 've decided how to charge her : with Discharge of Firearm in Certain Municipalities , a Class A misdemeanor that could get her a year in jall and / or a fine of up to $ 4,000 .
She 's on administrative leave pending an investigation ; Jamaica and Helm are on restricted duty , because the chief is n't happy with how they behaved either .
Internal Affairs is now involved , and " should any additional allegations of misconduct be exposed , " says the DPD 's release , " they will be thoroughly investigated as well . "
To which Brown adds , in full :
Decimal / Binary Conversion Tool
NOTE : this page requires Netscape 2.0 or better .
Decimal number to convert :
Binary representation :
Binary number to convert :
Decimal representation :
Attorney General Eric
Holder has developed a bad habit of accusing others of acting in bad faith while doing so himself .
Take the issue of Guantanamo Bay .
In Aspen , Colo. , last week , Holder accused Congress of playing politics in preventing President Obama from closing the Gitmo detention center — as Obama had promised to do within a year of his inauguration .
But this accusation is disingenuous for a variety of reasons .
Obama campaigned on calls to reverse the Bush administration anti-terrorism protocols , charging that they were either unnecessary or counterproductive .
Then , when invested with the responsibility of governance , he reversed himself on almost all of them — tribunals , renditions , Iraq , the Patriot Act , targeted airborne assassinations and Guantanamo Bay .
Holder himself once supported the detention of terrorists without regard for the Geneva Conventions .
What made him so radically change his views ?
In fact , any time Obama wishes to close Gitmo , he can simply carry out his earlier executive order , as President Bush opened it without congressional approval .
In blaming Congress , Holder does n’t mention the real reasons why Obama broke his promise :
The American public now wants unrepentant terrorists to stay there , rather than be incarcerated and tried in civilian courts here at home .
Holder got himself into trouble last year when he played politics by announcing that the administration would try Khalid Sheik Mohammed , the architect of 9/11 , in a civilian courtroom .
The boast was supposed to contrast an enlightened Obama team with the demonized Bush administration ’s supposed lawlessness in confining Mohammed to Guantanamo .
But after New Yorkers protested , Holder backed off .
Meanwhile , the president rushed to assure the nation that Mohammed would be “ convicted ” and have “ the death penalty . . . applied to him . ”
At that point , Bush ’s planned military tribunals seemed a lot less prejudicial than Holder ’s planned civilian show trials .
Holder ’s refusal to link radical Islam with the epidemic of global terrorism is likewise entirely political .
When asked at a congressional hearing if radical Islamic terrorists were behind the Fort Hood killings , the attempted Christmas Day bombing and the foiled Times Square bomb attack , he refused to identify that obvious common catalyst .
He cited instead a “ variety of reasons . ”
The nation ’s chief prosecutor was n’t looking at the evidence , but adhering to a politically correct predetermined dogma .
On matters of race , Holder castigated Americans as “ a nation of cowards ” for not engaging in a national conversation on his own terms .
This was an odd accusation since at present we have a black president , attorney general , EPA head and NASA chief , Hispanic secretaries of Labor and the Interior , and a recent Hispanic Supreme Court appointment , not to mention that the two previous secretaries of state were black .
Yet Holder himself has used race for political purposes .
He criticized Arizona for its anti-illegal - alien law — after admitting that he had n’t read it .
Then he chose to sue the state for trying to enforce unenforced federal immigration laws .
Now he has promised that if that tactic fails , he ’ll play the race card on Arizona , alleging in yet another suit that its new legislation would entail racial profiling .
Remember , the law has n’t gone into effect , so Holder has no evidence of how it will play out .
Holder dropped a voter - fraud case against the New Black Panther Party , which was caught on tape intimidating voters at a polling place .
He is leveling charges of racism against those who deliberately excluded racial profiling in their legislation , while giving a free pass to those who blatantly used race to bother voters at the polls .
In just 18 months , Holder has proven to be the most political attorney general since Richard Nixon ’s attorney general , John Mitchell .
Like the hyperpartisan Mitchell , Holder will embarrass the nation until he steps down .
Given his partisan temperament and checkered record in both the Clinton and Obama administrations , his departure is not a matter of if — only when.author@victorhanson.com
The false teeth that ' helped win WWII ' are auctioned By Mark Worthington
BBC News Published duration 29 July 2010
image caption
The false teeth are being auctioned by Keys in Aylsham
Some people with a natural speech impediment make efforts to overcome it or cover it up .
But Winston Churchill came to value his as a vital weapon in the war effort .
In his wartime radio broadcasts , Churchill 's distinctive voice was instantly recognisable .
He wanted it to stay that way , so he had his dentures designed specifically to preserve his lisp .
They were made by a young dental technician called Derek Cudlipp , and a set of the dentures has been in his family since Churchill 's death - but have been sold at auction for £ 15,200 .
' Vital to war effort '
His son Nigel Cudlipp said his father 's work was so important to Churchill the World War II prime minister would not let him join up and fight .
" When my father 's call up papers came , Churchill personally tore them up , " he said .
media caption
The son of Churchill 's denture maker , Nigel Cudlipp , describes his father 's relationship with the leader
" Churchill said that he would be more important to the war effort if he stayed in London to repair his dentures . "
And it seems they needed regular work .
" Churchill used to flick out his dentures when he was angry and throw them across the room , " said Mr Cudlipp .
" My father used to say he could tell how the war was going by how far they flew . "
For the last few years Mr Cudlipp has kept the dentures in a drawer at his house .
He is selling them at auction because he feels they should be on public display .
The only other existing set is in the Hunterian Museum at the Royal College of Surgeons in London - donated by the Cudlipp family .
Churchill 's dentures are one of the museum 's most popular exhibits .
In a glass fronted cabinet , flanked by the teeth of royalty , they have pride of place .
image caption Winston Churchill stopped his dentist being called up to fight in World War II
" These really are the teeth that saved the world , " said the museum 's head of learning , Jane Hughes .
" Without them , ' Fight them on the beaches ' would never have sounded the same .
They were vital to the war effort . "
Keys Auctioneers in Aylsham in Norfolk is building a reputation for dealing in Churchill memorabilia .
Recently it sold one of Churchill 's half - smoked cigars for £ 4,500 .
And the sale of Churchill 's dentures has attracted plenty of attention .
" We 've had enquiries from all over the world , " said auctioneer Andrew Bullock .
" We 've never seen this much interest in any item we 've sold .
We 've valued the dentures at £ 4,000 - 5,000 , but I would n't be surprised if they went for ten times that . "
Nelson Tethers : Puzzle Agent from Telltale Games
Over the past few years , Telltale Games has been a focal point in the resurgence of point - and - click adventure games , and Nelson Tethers : Puzzle Agent is a prime example of why .
In it , you play Nelson Tethers FBI agent with the Department of Puzzle Research .
You are tasked with investigating the strange goings - on in the small isolated town of Scoggins , Minnesota .
A Best of E3 2010 award winner , Puzzle Agent is the first in Telltale ’s new pilot program .
Designed to allow Telltale to bring more experimental and creative ideas to market , pilot games are developed with a much smaller , but dedicated team .
The popularity of the resulting titles will determine whether they continue on as a series .
It seems like a unique way to deliver content and gives both the developer and players an opportunity to dip their toes in a lot of different waters .
If Puzzle Agent is any indicator , the program should be a resounding success .
Brainchild of Graham Annable , Canadian animator whose shorts are a popular staple on youTube , and loosely based on his Grickle series , Nelson Tethers : Puzzle Agent creates an environment full of quirky humor and occasional creepy moments .
Graham ’s trademark simple charcoal sketch style is evident throughout the game and adds to its otherworldly feel .
You almost get the sense that Nelson Tethers lives in a parallel universe , just two steps away from our own , where puzzles are common enough in investigations to warrant their own department in the FBI .
Maybe Robert Langdon from Dan Brown ’s novels lives there too .
The music further ingrains the uneasy feeling that everything is not quite right in Nelson Tethers ’ world .
The dozens of puzzles needed to solve the mystery are mostly of the visual type requiring you to shift , turn , and connect objects in different ways in order to further the plot .
There are a few logic puzzles as well .
Do n’t expect to get bogged down in a sudoku or crossword page , at least not in this initial installment .
Each puzzle is enough to tease the brain , without frying any cells .
Luckily , you can collect used gum off surfaces to chew and gain hints ( Yes , I know .
Gross . ) .
This is n’t likely to be one of those games where you get frustrated and go running to an online walkthrough .
You ’ll probably finish the game in three or four hours and I was a little disappointed in the conclusion , but those are to be expected in Telltale ’s episodic format .
Needless to say , I did n’t get enough and am looking forward to the further adventures of Nelson Tethers : Puzzle Agent .
Check it out for the PC / Mac on Telltale ’s site or Steam or purchase it on iTunes for your iPhone or iPad .
Image caption
The women 's disappearances are being treated as murder
A 40 - year - old man , thought to be a PhD criminology student , is being questioned about the murders of three women in Bradford .
The man in custody - believed to be Stephen Griffiths - was arrested on suspicion of killing Suzanne Blamires , 36 , who was last seen on Friday .
He is also suspected of killing Shelley Armitage , 31 , and Susan Rushworth , 43 .
All three women were sex workers .
CCTV footage is understood to be playing a major part in the inquiry .
Detectives have been granted extra time , until Thursday evening , to question the suspect who was arrested at an address in Bradford on Monday .
Officers , accompanied by specially - trained sniffer dog teams , have been searching a number of buildings , some of them in the Chain Street area of Bradford 's red light district .
Police are expected later to formally name the woman whose body parts were found on Tuesday in the River Aire in Shipley .
She is expected to be confirmed as Ms Blamires who lived on Barkston Walk , Allerton , in Bradford .
Ms Armitage , also from Allerton , has been missing since 26 April and Ms Rushworth , from the Manningham area of the city , has not been seen since June 2009 .
Police are also investigating possible links to the case of Rebecca Hall , a 19 - year - old who worked as a prostitute in the city and was killed in 2001 .
Her body was found in the Allerton area not far from the homes of Ms Blamires and Ms Armitage .
Assistant Chief Constable Jawaid Akhtar confirmed the remains found on Tuesday belonged to one person .
He described the investigation as a " thorough and painstaking inquiry into three missing people who are sex workers , with all the necessary resources and expertise devoted to it " .
He added : " The families of Suzanne , Shelley and Susan are all being supported by our family liaison officers as the inquiry progresses . "
Earlier this month West Yorkshire Police started a poster appeal to try to trace Ms Armitage who was last seen in Rebecca Street in Bradford city centre .
Image caption Police underwater search teams have been scouring the river
At the time detectives described her as " a much - loved daughter and sister " and said her family were growing increasingly concerned for her welfare .
Ms Rushworth , a mother - of - three who is known as Sue or Susie , was last seen near her flat at Oak Villas , Manningham .
At the time of her disappearance police said she suffered from epilepsy , had never been missing before and had been getting help for her heroin addiction .
Ms Rushworth 's son James , 23 , appealed for information , saying : " We are all very worried about her .
" We 're a close family and we 're not coping very well with her disappearance .
" There is no reason that she would have just left .
She 's only recently started seeing her grandchildren and was getting to know them . "
Mario Demski who works at a residential home on Oak Villas , said Ms Rushworth had visited several residents at the home .
" She lived just over the road .
Residents have recognised her face in the paper and been very concerned . "
Empathy 01 Empathy Short Story Full size : 648x1200
nextlast nextlast
Lyrics
Requests / inquiries should be sent to the contact address
1 of 1 2 of 1
A cyclist who was issued a $ 167 ticket for not coming to a full stop at an intersection says the crackdown on two - wheeled traffic violations in Vancouver during Bike Month harks back to the days of “ No Fun City ” .
“ We are trying to be a bike - friendly city , ” Randi Gurholt - Seary told the Georgia Straight at an East Vancouver café .
“ Having said that , and as a bike commuter , I did not see the actions of the police law enforcement as being bike - friendly .
My experience with them at that time was that they were out to punish the cyclists to make an example and to hit them hard . ”
On June 16 , Gurholt - Seary , a 52 - year - old child - care worker , began her regular morning commute to the Britannia Community Services Centre .
As usual , this took her west along Adanac Street , a major cycling route in the city .
She says that as she approached Nanaimo Street , the signal switched to walk , with the cars stopped at the red lights northbound and southbound .
As she had done hundreds of times before , Gurholt - Seary rolled over the stop line and sailed through the intersection .
A police officer stepped out of an alley on the other side of Nanaimo , asked her to pull over , and , after a brief exchange , issued her a ticket for violating Section 186 of B.C. ’s Motor Vehicle Act .
The section stipulates that all vehicles , including bicycles , must come to a stop before entering an intersection when a stop sign is present , which was the case at that intersection .
Gurholt - Seary is vowing to fight the ticket .
And she may not be alone , as she claimed that , in the 45 minutes after she was ticketed , she watched the same police officer catch several other cyclists .
Rob Wynen , vice chair of the city ’s bicycle advisory committee , told the Straight that Gurholt - Seary ’s experience was not an isolated incident .
He said he received several e-mails in the middle of the month from cyclists who had been ticketed at the intersection of Main Street and East 10th Avenue and other locations .
Cyclist Randi Gurholt - Seary describes the events leading up to her getting a $ 167 ticket .
Vision Vancouver councillor and avid cyclist Geoff Meggs told the Straight , “ I was , to be honest , unaware that cyclists could n’t cross with a walk sign . ”
On June 22 , Meggs said via cellphone that he had introduced a motion for debate at the council meeting that same day , asking that the city approach the province through the Union of B.C. Municipalities to “ do a whole bunch of things ” .
He noted that the motion , which passed unanimously , calls for a review of the Motor Vehicle Act .
“ Cyclists have opinions on aspects of it , ” Meggs said .
“ Some cyclists feel that it should be okay for cyclists to roll through stop signs .
I really want to hear more about that before I take a position on individual pieces . ”
Meggs said he heard about the crackdown through e-mail .
He added he has teamed up with bicycle advisory committee chair Kari Hewett to set up a meeting of senior Vancouver Police Department officials , committee members , and others next week “ to talk about enforcement generally ” .
In an interview at the Straight office , Hewett said she has been liaising with the Vancouver police on cycling issues for the past five years .
“ When I heard about the latest ticketing campaign , given our real , genuine attempts to maintain an open line of communication and work together on this , I was disheartened , ” Hewett said .
The Straight left several messages for the VPD ’s media- relations department , but no one was made available by deadline to discuss the crackdown .
Cyclist and sustainability consultant Dave Olsen told the Straight he encourages Gurholt - Seary to announce the date she will contest her ticket in court .
“ That way , she can pack the courtroom with cyclists , ” Olsen said by phone .
“ It makes a difference . ”
By Captain Pyke | July 12 , 2010 - 9:36 pm
We were really tempted to simply leave the headline " Star Trek Online May Become Free To Play " , but that 's not quite the entire story .
In recent forum posts , after a bit of backlash from players over the most recent " Ask Cryptic " episode , Star Trek Online 's executive producer Dan Stahl answers one particularly interesting post .
With " Lord of the rings " online switching to a free - to - play model , some STO players were concerned with the future of the MMO 's viability .
One player in particular writes ; " I 'm thinking Old School Business Model =
Win which is n't true any more .
There 's more than one way to skin the cat now .
I guess we have to get it out of our heads that Going F2P = Fail .
But I would warn you against having STO go F2P in the next few years .
Can you imagine the riots from Lifers and all the people who will think STO failed ??
Good Lord ... it will make previous marketing fiasco 's seem like nothing ... "
Stahl followed up with his own post ; " I could easily see STO going into a hybrid model similar to what Lotro is doing .
In that model , subscriptions stay as is - but you allow people to play for free but heavily limit what they can do - which in essence creates a robust way to demo the game and then if you want to keep playing , you either pay for every little thing you are interested in , or you subscribe and do n't have to worry about it .
Turbine ( LOTRO ) seems to have some interesting plans and looking at how DDO ( Dungeon & Dragons Online ) has turned around , its worth taking note . "
STO becoming eventually free - to - play with a very limited free option sounds like an interesting idea .
With the struggling MMO trying to retain players and add new ones , it would seem the game 's current and near - future revenue will ultimately be the deciding factor .
( info source Massively.com )
Roger Runningen and Catherine Dodge :
Obama Says Jobs Report Shows U.S. Economy Improving , ` Stark Turnaround ' : President Barack Obama said today ’s unemployment figures , while showing a “ stark turnaround ” from last year , indicate there ’s still a “ great deal ” of work to do to repair the economy and get Americans back on the job .
“ Make no mistake , we are headed in the right direction , ” the president said at Andrews Air Force Base outside Washington .
“ We are not headed there fast enough for a lot of Americans .
We ’re not headed there fast enough for me either . ” ...
Obama said the report “ showed the sixth straight month of job growth in the private sector . ”
The economy has created almost 600,000 private - sector jobs this year , the president said .
Employment has to rise by roughly 130 K a month to keep even with labor force growth and keep the labor market from declining further .
600 K in six months does n't make it .
Obama should be saying that his policies have helped stop the economic decline .
He should not be saying that the state of the business cycle is " improving . "
Even more so , he should not believe and act on a belief that the state of the business cycle is " improving . "
It ai n't so :
Ezra Klein is also noting how excessive spin in the message is harming policy development :
Stephen Conroy will today release an implementation study into the National Broadband Network .
" Some sections of the community have expressed concern about whether the range of material included in the RC category ... correctly reflects current community standards , " Senator Conroy said .
" As the government 's mandatory ISP filtering policy is underpinned by the strength of our classification system , the legal obligation to commence mandatory ISP filtering will not be imposed until the review is completed . "
In the meantime , major ISPs - including Optus , Telstra and iPrimus - have pledged to block child - abuse websites voluntarily .
This narrower , voluntary approach has long been advocated by internet experts and brings Australia into line with other countries such as Britain .
" It will be just child porn , and that will be consistent with best practice in Scandinavia and Europe , " Peter Coroneos , chief executive of the Internet Industry Association , said .
But the government does not seem to be backing out of the deeply unpopular mandatory filtering policy altogether , as it has today announced a suite of transparency and accountability measures to address concerns about the scheme .
These include : an annual review of content on the blacklist by an " independent expert " .
clear avenues of appeal for people whose sites are blocked .
content will be added to the blacklist by the Classification Board , instead of the Australian Communications and Media Authority .
affected parties will have the ability to have decisions reviewed by the Classification Review Board .
people will know when they surf to a blocked page as a notification will appear .
" The public needs to have confidence that the URLs on the list , and the process by which they get there , is independent , rigorous , free from interference or influence and enables content and site owners access to appropriate review mechanisms , " Senator Conroy said .
One of Senator Conroy 's strongest political critics , Greens communications spokesman Scott Ludlam , took the move by the government as a sign the critics were winning their battle to have the policy modified .
" A review of the RC is helping ; that 's a good idea .
I think the fact that ISPs are putting their own initiatives forward voluntarily is also helpful , " Senator Ludlam said .
" [ But ] if we 're still pursuing mandatory ISP - level filtering then obviously we 're not there yet .
All we 've got today is a useful acknowledgment of some of the flaws in the system and I 'm hoping that they take this period to reflect on the overall objectives of the scheme . "
He said even if the policy was narrowed to encompass just child - abuse material , major issues remained , such as that the filters are easy to bypass and will not block even a fraction of the nasty material available on the web .
There was nothing stopping future governments from expanding the blacklist to cover other types of content .
" I do n't interpret [ the move ] as killing it but I do interpret it as trying to neutralise the issue in the short term as far as the election is concerned , " said Colin Jacobs , spokesman for the online users ' lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia .
" They 're tinkering around the edges with the classification scheme without having a rethink around how you apply a system that was designed for books and movies to the internet . "
The Safer Internet Group , which includes state schools , libraries , Google , iiNet , Inspire Foundation , Internet Industry Association , Yahoo and the System Administrators Guild of Australia today welcomed the new approach the government was taking on cyber safety .
Google , which has been at war with Senator Conroy over the policy , said it was " heartened " to see the government had taken into account " the genuine concerns expressed by many " on the RC category .
" While we 're yet to see full details , a voluntary proposal by ISPs , limited to child abuse material , is consistent with the approach taken in many of Australia 's peer countries worldwide , " Google Australia managing director Karim Temsamani said .
" Our primary concern has always been that the scope of the proposed filter is far too broad .
It goes way beyond child sexual abuse material and would block access to important online information for all Australians . "
Simon Sheikh , chief executive of the online activist group GetUp ! , said the delay on the mandatory filters was proof that the government had heard the voices of the hundreds of thousands of Australians prepared to vote on this issue .
Loading
" But a delay is not enough - the Government needs to announce that they will either scrap , or change the policy to an opt - in model , so that Australians themselves can judge how best to protect their children online , " he said .
" When it comes to protecting our children online we need investment in education , home - based filters and the federal police .
These investments will better equip parents to protect their children at home , and better equip police to combat the issues at their source . "
The folks where I work , the Democratic National Committee , whipped up a fifty - second web video last week .
It pointed out Republicans ’ tight hug of big oil , Wall Street and health insurers — and made clear that Republicans would continue that coziness if they got the keys to Congress .
That clip turned into one of the most talked about videos we ’ve done , and we heard feedback on Daily Kos and elsewhere asking us to make the video short enough to put on television .
We heard you loud and clear — so we hunkered down on our end and made it happen .
We need your help to get it on the air .
Watch the ad you made after the jump …
Sherrod Brown would like to see Elizabeth Warren appointed as the head of the new consumer financial protection agency , and so would I .
I think she would make an excellent choice .
Here 's one reason why .
She 's been holding Tim Geithner 's feet to the fire with her current TARP oversight duties .
Geithner and Warren Duel Over Banks ’
Health :
Ms. Warren was particularly concerned about the billions of dollars worth of bad securities and questionable commercial real estate loans still on the banks ’ balance sheets .
These relics from the boom years could haunt the banks in the future , possibly forcing them back into the arms of the government .
Read on ...
But Ms. Warren , the panel ’s chairwoman , questioned whether the banks were really stable enough to stand on their own without the program ’s government safety net , and she called for another round of stress tests to make sure the banks are sound .
Mr. Geithner , the Treasury secretary , told the Congressional Oversight Panel on Tuesday that the Troubled Asset Relief Program had been “ remarkably effective ” in stabilizing the banking system , noting that the program was on track to end in October with only minimal losses to the taxpayers .
When it comes to the health of the banking system , Timothy F. Geithner and Elizabeth Warren do n’t see eye to eye .
Elizabeth Warren appeared on the PBS Newshour and expressed similar concerns about the health of the banks and relief on foreclosures with Judy Woodruff .
TARP Watchdog : Foreclosure Program ' Too Small , Too Slow :
That has implications , not only for those families , but for the financial institutions that are holding those mortgages , for the construction industry , for our overall economy .
We have a serious problem and a limited amount of time to get ahead of it .
HAMP is not getting ahead of it .
And for every one of those families that goes in , there are many , many more families who never make it .
And the kinds of numbers we 're looking at , we 're looking at mortgage foreclosures that stay well over a million families this year , next year , the year after that , the year after that .
The problem we have got -- let me put it this way .
This is a program that is saving a tiny number of people , ultimately , by getting them into affordable mortgages that the estimates are they will be able to sustain over time .
ELIZABETH WARREN : Well , you know , no one disputes that .
Of course it was never intended to help everybody .
But it was intended to help somebody .
JUDY WOODRUFF : He says the success , as we heard him say , can be measured family by family , that it was never intended to help everybody .
JUDY WOODRUFF : Well , let me ask you about the home mortgage foreclosures .
You had a very animated exchange with the secretary over that question .
We only have this limited period of time to adjust the programs , to change the programs to try to deal with those problems .
And , look , it 's always part of the measurement that the initial action very well may have pulled us back from the brink of a depression .
The big question is , what are we going to do with the money now ?
TARP is winding down .
There 's three more months to figure out whether or not we actually have adequate stability in the financial institutions and what to do about home mortgage foreclosure .
ELIZABETH WARREN : Well , it should be one of the measurements .
JUDY WOODRUFF : We heard Secretary Geithner say today he thinks the TARP program has worked remarkably well .
Taxpayers are getting most of their money back .
Should that be the main measurement of its success ?
JUDY WOODRUFF : The government 's current -- that 's the name of the program .
ELIZABETH WARREN : The program .
JUDY WOODRUFF : And what 's your understanding of why the government -- why the administration , why the Treasury Department is n't doing more ?
ELIZABETH WARREN :
It is -- it 's as if we had a boat that 's taking on gallons of water , and they 're trying to bail it with a teaspoon .
And , actually , I will give you an example of that .
This program has now been in effect for 15 months .
It has an allocation to try to deal with a very large problem .
The allocation is $ 50 billion .
And , so far , they have actually spent less than $ 200 million on mortgage foreclosure relief .
It is a -- it is a badly designed program that , from the beginning , was too small , too slow , could n't be scaled up .
JUDY WOODRUFF : Elizabeth Warren , you also expressed concerns today about the number of banks that you said are dangerously exposed to commercial real estate loans .
What did you make of Secretary Geithner 's answer on that ?
ELIZABETH WARREN : Well , you know , he said he 's comfortable .
And I 'm -- I just have to worry .
We have 3,000 of the 8,000 banks in the United States , by the definition of their own regulators , are dangerously exposed on commercial mortgages .
We see a problem that 's coming that 's getting bigger in the years ahead .
And six of the 19 stress - tested banks -- just to give you an idea about concentration , six of the 19 stress - tested banks have commercial real estate mortgage portfolios that are larger than their Tier 1 capital .
This is an area -- just to give you an idea , by the end of this year , commercial real estate mortgages will have shrunk in value , the property underlying those mortgages , by about 50 percent .
Well , this is a big problem .
And it 's a problem in our future , not in our past .
JUDY WOODRUFF : And I listened to your exchange with the secretary on that .
And he did n't seem to be nearly as concerned as you are .
And is this a definitional difference here , as much as anything else ?
How do you explain it ?
ELIZABETH WARREN : Well , you know , I do have to say , I really wish that the secretary had said , your numbers are wrong .
Here 's some part of it you 're not seeing .
Instead , what he said is , the problem is n't as bad as we thought it was going to be .
JUDY WOODRUFF : Separate question .
The financial regulatory reform legislation moving through Congress , it came up today at the panel several times .
I know it 's not -- it 's not officially under your purview as chair of this panel , but as someone who studies the financial sector , what do you think is good about what 's moving through Congress , and what do you worry about ?
ELIZABETH WARREN : I think the Consumer Financial Protection Agency is good .
You know , we do n't know until the final details are there , but it is a strong agency .
It 's right up to the edge .
You take much more away from it , and it wo n't be enough to get the job done .
Right now , the big issue on that , it is whether or not car dealers ought to have an exemption , not have to follow the same rules of disclosure and honesty in their loans that everyone else is going to have to follow .
But the consumer agency looks good .
The other pieces , in the right direction .
The real question is whether they push hard enough , whether we get enough done in this round of reform .
JUDY WOODRUFF : And what would be your definition of enough ?
ELIZABETH WARREN :
Well , enough that we feel like we have wound real risk out of the system .
And that 's hard to do .
You know , we always have to remember what it was that brought us this crisis in 2008 .
We talked about concentration in the financial services industry .
Here we are , two years later , and the industry is more concentrated .
The big are bigger .
And there are fewer small banks , so we have less diversification in the industry .
We have not yet dealt with the problems of derivatives with these shadow markets that impose a lot of risk on the overall financial system , and not on the rest of us .
Until we deal with that , we -- we continue to live at risk .
JUDY WOODRUFF : And will your panel be hearing from Secretary Geithner again , before TARP expires in October and before your panel expires next spring ?
ELIZABETH WARREN :
We will certainly invite him .
And that 's the best we can do .
I call on a regular basis and ask if he will come to talk with us .
JUDY WOODRUFF : Elizabeth Warren , chair of the congressional oversight panel , thanks very much for coming to talk to us .
ELIZABETH WARREN : Thank you .
The sand at Woodbine Beaches feels hot enough to melt the flip - flops off your feet .
The air is thick and foreheads are dripping , but few sun seekers choose to cool off in the lake .
Tamia Sparks , who beelines to Woodbine nearly every summer weekend , says she would rather see her 7 - year - old daughter build sand castles than venture into the water .
“ I ’m scared , ” Sparks says .
“ I do n’t want her to come out with an infection or something . ”
She lets her daughter wade and splash around but swimming is a no-no .
Toronto beaches just ca n’t seem to shake Lake Ontario ’s dirty reputation even though seven of them — including Woodbine — are rated among the best in the world by the international Blue Flag Programme .
The blue flag is an eco-label awarded to beaches that meet strict environmental and safety standards .
“ It ’s not easy to get a blue flag , ” says Toronto Water spokesperson Cheryl San Juan .
“ These are world - class beaches . ”
“ Any of our blue flag beaches would rival any beach on Georgian Bay , ” she says .
But local beachgoers seem to find that hard to believe .
“ It does n’t look safe , ” says Megan Robertson , eyeing the cloudy Woodbine surf .
Still , she ’s chosen to swim .
Her braided hair is soaked and she ’s basking in the glory of a friendly water fight .
“ It ’s pretty hot so I want to cool off , ” she says .
Robertson did n’t know that Ontario has the strictest recreational water quality standards in North America .
If a beach measures above 100 parts E. coli in 100 ml of water it is classified not safe for swimming .
The national standard is set at 200 and the U.S. standard is 235 .
Lifeguards remain on duty for those who want to swim despite high levels , but it ’s not recommended .
The hardest part of getting blue flag status is meeting water quality standards .
That ’s why Marie Curtis Park East Beach , Sunnyside and Rouge remain challenges .
Still , Toronto beaches have come a long way in the past decade .
In 2005 only four beaches had blue flags .
To score a blue flag a beach must be safe for swimming at least 80 per cent of the time .
Most of Toronto ’s blue flag beaches are safe more than 90 per cent of the time .
Generally , if a beach is posted as unsafe it ’s because of a major storm .
During heavy rain , sewers can overflow and infect the swimming area .
But sewer maintenance and treatment of overflow has reduced the weather ’s impact in recent years .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
E. coli levels for each beach are posted online and by the shore every day .
The reading is not 100 per cent reliable because it comes from water samples collected over the previous two days .
But Michael D’Andrea , Toronto
Water ’s director of water management infrastructure , says they are currently working on a predictive model that would give a more accurate daily reading .
The city ’s goal is to score blue flags for all 11 beaches .
Next year they hope to add Scarborough ’s Bluffer ’s Beach Park to the list .
Stacey Brittan read about the blue flag program before hitting Woodbine with her two boys during this week ’s heat wave .
But even though she knows about the safety standards she still does n’t feel comfortable letting her kids wade in any deeper than chest level .
“ The beach had a really bad rap years ago and I do n’t think people have gotten over it , ” she says .
“ I still have that hesitation because I grew up with it . ”
To score a blue flag , a beach must meet a long list of standards set out in four categories .
Here is an overview :
First , it has to be green and clean — no unauthorized camping or driving , no dumping and strict control of doggie doo .
The beach should promote environmental education activities , display maps and develop a beach code of conduct .
The water quality must be supreme .
No industrial waste , no sewage leaks and the beach must be tested regularly for E.coli and other bacteria levels .
Finally , safety matters .
The beach must have lifeguards , first aid equipment and drinking water .
And at least one Blue Flag beach in each municipality must be accessible to people with physical disabilities .
For the full list of standards : http://www.blueflag.org/
The Internet Explorer , Firefox , Chrome , and Safari browsers are susceptible to attacks that allow webmasters to glean highly sensitive information about the people visiting their sites , including their full names , email addresses , location , and even stored passwords , a security researcher says .
In a talk scheduled for next week 's Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas , Jeremiah Grossman , CTO of White Hat Security , plans to detail critical weaknesses that are enabled by default in the browsers , which are the four biggest by market share .
The vulnerabilities have yet to be purged by the respective browser makers despite months , and in some cases , years of notice .
Among the most serious is a vulnerability in Apple 's Safari and earlier versions of Microsoft 's IE that exposes names , email addresses , and other sensitive information when a user visits a booby - trapped website .
The attack exploits the browsers ' autocomplete feature used to automatically enter commonly typed text into websites .
It works by creating a webpage with fields carrying titles such as “ First Name , ” “ Last Name , ” “ Email Address , ” and “ Credit Card Number ” and then adding javascript that simulates the user entering various letters , numbers or keystrokes into each one .
Users who in the past have used the autocomplete features to store that information in versions 6 and 7 of IE or versions 4 and 5 of Safari will find that the information will be automatically zapped to the rogue website .
No interaction is necessary other than to visit the page .
Webmasters can set the input fields to be invisible to better conceal the attack .
In the case of Safari , Grossman 's proof - of - concept attack simulates a user entering various letters or numbers into the fields .
In a demonstration , when the script entered the letter J under a field titled “ Name , ” the browser automatically exposed “ Jeremiah Grossman ” to the web server .
Grossman said he alerted Apple to the vulnerability on June 17 , but received no reply other than an automatic response saying his message had been received .
“ I would never have talked about this publicly if Apple had taken this seriously , ” he told The Register .
“ I figured somebody else must have found this before because it 's so brain - dead simple . ”
When he sent a follow up query “ I never heard anything back , human or robotic . ”
Tricking IE 6 and 7 into coughing up the autocomplete details works in a similar fashion , but instead of simulating the entering of numbers or letters into a field , Grossman enters a user 's down arrow twice and then the enter key to extract the stored information .
If more than one record is stored in that field , the script will repeat the process so they can be lifted as well .
Grossman 's research is the latest to shatter the widely held myth that web surfing is largely an anonymous act , at least when done from a public or widely used IP address .
In May , researchers demonstrated how a decade - old browser history disclosure vulnerability made the vast majority of web users vulnerable to practical attacks that lifted their viewing habits , including news articles they 've read and the Zip Codes they 've entered into online forms .
That same month , separate researchers showed how most browsers leave behind digital fingerprints that can be used to uniquely identify their users .
Grossman 's research take those findings to new highs .
In addition to the weaknesses in IE and Safari , he has uncovered flaws in Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome that can expose passwords stored by the browsers .
The feature is designed to automatically enter the user name and password when a user visits a site such as Gmail or Facebook .
The researcher says it 's possible for unscrupulous webmasters to steal that information by hiding malicious code on their pages .
For the attack to work , an XSS , or cross - site scripting vulnerability must be present on the site on which the stored password is used .
Grossman's Black
Hat presentation will also demonstrate how a webmaster can silently delete all of a user 's browser cookies .
The mass cookie deleter works by setting thousands of cookies as soon as a user visits the site .
When the number of cookies set exceeds a certain amount – it's about 3,000 for Firefox and just slightly higher for other browsers – all older cookies will automatically be erased .
His proof - of - concept takes about 2.5 seconds . ®
CHICAGO  Facing criticism that physical evidence from sexual assault cases in Illinois often went unanalyzed , Gov. Patrick J. Quinn this week signed a law requiring the police to test all rape kits .
State officials and victims ’ advocates said it is the first such law in the nation .
Over the past year , critics had exposed a backlog of thousands of untested rape kits in Illinois , and officials said the law would send an important message .
“ As a direct result of this law , we will increase the number of arrests and prosecutions of sex offenders and get them out of our communities and into prison , ” said Lisa Madigan , the state ’s attorney general .
On Wednesday , Human Rights
Watch released a report showing that since 1995 , only about 20 percent of rape kits , which contain physical evidence obtained from victims , could be confirmed as having been tested in Illinois .
More than 4,000 kits had gone untested , the report found .
The US Department of Defense is planning to build a Special Operations complex just 56 kilometers from the Uzbek - Afghan border .
Up to $ 100 million is being earmarked for the sprawling facility , which will be constructed over 17.3 acres near Mazar - i- Sharif in northern Afghanistan .
According to a modified pre-solicitation advertised on the US government ’s Federal Business Opportunities website ( FBO.gov ) on June 30 , the “ Support Facilities for the Special Operations ( SOF ) Headquarters at Mazar - i- Sharif ” will be “ located approximately 275 kilometers northwest of the city of Kabul and 56 kilometers south of Termez , Uzbekistan . ”
The facility is expected to cost between $ 25 million and $ 100 million and is based on US Central Command ’s “ Integrated Global Presence , Basing Strategy and Master Plan . ”
A formal solicitation will be released in mid-July and an award is expected to be made “ no later than September 28 . ”
The winner of the tender would have approximately 18 - months to complete work after obtaining a notice to proceed .
As a result , the complex should be operational by late 2011 or early 2012 .
In December 2009 , President Barack Obama said US forces would begin to “ transfer out ” of Afghanistan in July 2011 .
According to the pre-solicitation on the FBO.gov website , “ the scope of the Project includes a Joint Operations Center ( JOC ) , billeting facilities , communications building , Tactical Operations Center and storage , training facility , medical aid station , Vehicle Maintenance Facility , logistics operations facility , logistics storage facility , dining facility , [ Morale Welfare and Recreation ] facility , and a kennel to support working dogs . ”
Gen. David Petraeus , the former head of CENTCOM and the newly appointed commander of International Security Assistance Force / US Forces - Afghanistan , told a US Senate Armed Services Committee hearing in April that overseas facilities are vital to support “ ongoing operations . ”
“ CENTCOM ’s overseas basing strategy and its associated overseas Military Construction projects are developing the infrastructure necessary for the conduct of ongoing operations , as well as supporting global access , projection , sustainability and protection of our combined forces in the area of responsibility , ” he said .
According to a notice posted on FBO.gov in March , CENTCOM expects to pay up to $ 3.8 billion between 2012 and 2016 for construction work across its area of responsibility , spanning the Middle East and Central Asia .
Among the projects under consideration are “ a vast array of building types commonly found at military installations , ( barracks , dining facilities , equipment maintenance facilities , operations facilities , etc. ) .
Construction of airfield and airfield support facilities is also envisioned . ”
In June , CENTCOM also launched a number of solicitations for smaller projects in Central Asia , including border checkpoints in Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan and training facilities in Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan , where US troops will train and equip local security forces .
[ For background see EurasiaNet ’s archive ] .
US Special Forces ’ 3rd Group was recently re-aligned with a renewed focus on the Central Asian - Afghan area .
A spokesman for US Special Operations Command described the unit ’s responsibilities in Central Asia as “ traditional Special Forces missions like direct action , special reconnaissance , foreign internal defense , security force assistance and others in Afghanistan . ”
The unit will also “ be prepared to conduct foreign internal defense and security forces assistance to assist partner nations improve their ability to provide for their own security in Pakistan , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan , ” the spokesman added .
The most bright comet at this moment at the night sky .
Taken on 7th June , 2010 at 1.50 am LT from Bohor , Slovenia , Europe .
It was spectacular show this morning .
I was actually observing the rise of this comet .
Though I was n’t able to see it with the naked eye because of low latitude , it ’s very bright object !
*** Image was published on astronomy website SpaceWeather.com !
The Rack updates on Fridays .
Bonus content from the cast is available on Twitter — just follow @Lydia_Park and@PanelsComics .
You can write to the creative team by emailing us at Agreeable Comics .
If you enjoy The Rack , you may also want to read the finite spin - off Lydia and the ongoing The Line and Signs and Meanings .
11,494,069 is the final write - verify cycle count for the Flash Destroyer .
Since the flash destruction ended on Tuesday , we ’ve been playing with the EEPROM to understand how the failure behaves .
We found a ticking data time bomb .
Broken bits can linger at a recently written value for seconds before corrupting .
Certain writes initially appear successful , which could easily confuse a write verification algorithm .
Follow us below for the Flash Destroyer wrap up .
We ’ll also look at the live stream viewer statistics : 5.5 viewer / years were spent watching flash destruction in the first week alone .
You can preorder the Flash Destroyer ‘ I like to solder ’ kit for $ 30 , including worldwide shipping .
Exact final count
Since the final EEPROM write - verify cycle count was greater than 10 million , the least significant digit ( 1s ) was dropped from the display .
The exact final count was a mystery until we read the saved value from the PIC .
We used the USB bootloader to dump the PIC to a HEX file , then loaded the HEX in MPLAB .
The image shows the final saved count : 0x00 af62b5 , or 11,494,069 in decimal .
0x78 is a checksum byte the Flash Destroyer uses to verify that the saved count is valid .
Failure analysis
We removed the EEPROM from the Flash Destroyer and used the Bus Pirate to read the contents of the chip .
Much to our surprise , all the values were correct , none appear stuck .
This was a bit disappointing as we expected to see a nice clean failure with one bit or byte permanently stuck .
We used the Bus Pirate to write 0xaa to the whole chip and verify it manually , the write was completely successful .
It keeps working
To get a better understanding of the error , we modified the Flash Destroyer firmware to display the location of the verify error , the value it wrote , and the value it got back .
We put the EEPROM back in the Flash Destroyer and started the write - verify process .
The first run reached about 17,000 write - verify cycles before encountering another error .
An error occurred at byte 23 : the Flash Destroyer wrote 0x55 ( 01010101 ) and read 0x45 ( 01000101 ) .
It looks like bit 4 ( underlined ) read 0 when it should have read 1 .
We dumped the chip with the Bus Pirate , but again the values were correct , 0x45 was nowhere to be found .
We tried six more times , each attempt had between 10 and 100,000 successful writes before an error was detected .
Errors always occurred at bit 4 of byte 23 after writing 0x55 , but the error was n’t there when we dumped the chip with the Bus Pirate .
Catastrophic failure
After about 200,000 additional writes we finally got a catastrophic failure .
The Flash Destroyer detected an error on every write , logging 0 successful writes .
Despite the catastrophic failure , we still did n’t see any errors when we dumped the EEPROM with the Bus Pirate .
The dump still showed all correct 0x55 values .
The EEPROM was full of 0x55 , so we used the Bus Pirate to fill it with 0xaa , and then dumped it to verify .
The first read showed the correct values , but further reads returned the output shown above .
Once again byte 23 bit 4 had a problem : we wrote 0xaa ( 10101010 ) and got 0xba ( 10111010 ) back instead .
The bit stayed at 0 for a few seconds ( or reads ) , which gave the correct value ( 0xaa ) .
With time and / or wear it eventually flipped to 1 and we read 0x ba instead .
The error is consistent now , it seems to happen every time we test it .
Summary
The ‘ conventional wisdom ’ is usually that solid state storage will stick at the last successfully written value when it dies .
That does not appear to be the case in our test .
Our failure seems to be intermittent , and is sometimes only detectable after a few seconds .
In our test , the damaged bit continued to work over 200,000 times after the initial error .
It then entered a phase of continuous , but time delayed , bit - flipping .
This failure could be difficult to detect during normal use because the corruption happens only after a few seconds ( or reads ) have passed .
When the bad bit is written with a 1 , it seems to linger at 0 for milliseconds before turning to 1 .
This is long enough to cause problems with the Flash Destroyer ’s high - speed write - verify routine , but not the Bus Pirate ’s slower interface .
When the bad bit is written with 0 , it appears to work for a few seconds , but eventually drifts back to 1 .
This is a ticking data time bomb !
Even if you verify every write , this error ca n’t be detected until a few seconds have lapsed .
This is a single test of one EEPROM , there are probably many different failure types .
We ca n’t draw any conclusion from a single data point , but the randomness of our failure would suggest that it ’s better to design with the manufacturer ’s stated limits than depend on write - verification to catch errors .
ustream
ustream.tv live streaming performed very well , even during a slashdotting .
We only have access to the traffic statistics for the first week at this point ( May 25 to June 2 ) , the second week report will be available in a few days .
There were 98 thousand views in the first week , nearly 5.5 man-years were expended watching the EEPROM destruction .
Thank you for sharing your time with us !
The ustream broadcast originates from a Flash application in a web browser .
We ran it in Firefox on an old laptop .
There were two crashes during the 15 day live stream , we feel like it was much more reliable than 6 months ago when we used it for the @tweet_tree .
The webcam we used is capable of high - quality images , but it has a fixed focus that made the Flash Destroyer close - up look pretty fuzzy .
We briefly swapped another cam with adjustable focus , but it had really bad auto color balance that got confused by the Flash Destroyer LED display .
Taking it further
Thank you for following our Flash Destroyer antics .
If you ’d like to destroy some solid state storage of your own , you can get a Flash Distroyer kit for $ 30 , including worldwide shipping .
Wal - Mart Stores Inc. plans to roll out sophisticated electronic ID tags to track individual pairs of jeans and underwear , the first step in a system that advocates say better controls inventory but some critics say raises privacy concerns .
Starting next month , the retailer will place removable " smart tags " on individual garments that can be read by a hand - held scanner .
Wal - Mart workers will be able to quickly learn , for instance , which size of Wrangler jeans is missing , with the aim of ensuring shelves are optimally stocked ...
It is remarkable how many delicious vegetables you can fit into a small growing area or raised bed .
Tomatoes , zucchini and potatoes can all be squeezed into tight spaces .
The key to success is ensuring you make the best use of the space you have with clever planting techniques and the right crops .
Seed companies are frequently producing new varieties of vegetables that can be grown as dwarf plants , in small areas and even in pots .
Even large squash plants come in varieties that can be grown up a trellis ( saving much - needed soil space ) , and you can grow a decent crop of eggplants from just a couple of dwarf plants .
Choosing which vegetables to grow
Before planting , think carefully about what you want to grow .
Nearly all vegetables can be cultivated in smaller areas , but there is no point dedicating space to a crop you are not keen on eating .
It is also worth avoiding vegetables that take up a large amount of space .
These include :
asparagus
Brussels sprouts
celery
squashes ( unless climbing )
maincrop potatoes
It is a good idea to choose vegetables that are expensive to buy in the shops , taste better when fresh and are quick to grow .
Many legumes ( peas and beans ) fall under all of these categories .
Because they have a high sugar content , legumes taste best when eaten within an hour of being picked .
After this , the sugar turns to starch , leaving them tasteless and bland .
They can cost a lot to buy in the shops and , often , they have been lying on the shelves for some days before purchase , reducing their taste .
Legumes that grow well in small spaces include :
pole beans
fava beans
dwarf beans
peas
Dwarf varieties grow well in containers whereas climbing ones make excellent use of vertical space ( such as walls and fences ) whilst also looking attractive .
Many salad leaves , such as rocket , are expensive and taste of very little after they have been packed and then left on a supermarket shelf .
The leaves are easy to grow and take up very little space .
They can even be grown amongst other plants , to maximize soil space .
Using your space
If you only have a small space in which to grow vegetables , you should grow crops that will be out of the ground within a few weeks rather than months .
If you are growing potatoes , grow new potato varieties that will be ready to eat in July rather than maincrop varieties which may not be ready until September .
Have seedlings of other vegetables on standby , ready to go straight into the soil as soon as your first crop has come out – brassicas such as winter cabbage or broccoli seedlings can be planted after you have harvested all your peas or beans .
Further , if you leave the stumps of the peas and beans in the ground after you have removed the rest of the plant , their roots will continue to provide nitrogen to feed your hungry cabbages .
When using this method you should avoid crops that take a long time to grow .
These include :
pumpkins and squashes
parsnips
leeks
maincrop potatoes
Intercropping
You could try growing fast - and slow - growing crops together , or ‘ intercropping ’ , to maximize space .
Many crops that eventually take up a large amount of space ( such as tomatoes and potatoes ) do not actually use this space until they have reached their full size .
Take advantage of this by planting a few fast - growing radishes , salad leaves or beetroot in the soil in between rows of the larger plants .
By the time the space is needed by the larger plants your fast - growing crops will be long gone .
It is also worth training late climbing bean plants up sweet corn , sowing lettuce seeds among your tomato plants , and spinach in between broad beans .
Square Foot Gardening
If you are looking for a step - by - step guide to getting the maximum harvest of vegetables from raised beds then take a look at our article on the Square Foot Gardening method .
Summary
Credit card firms should be fined if their products are used to buy images showing child sex abuse online , an MP has said .
Raising the issue in Parliament , Labour 's Geraint Davies said he wanted an end to anonymity for pre-paid credit cards used to pay to download images .
Firms like Visa and MasterCard had " no appetite " to deal with the matter themselves , he suggested .
The firms said they did not allow any of their cards to be used in that way .
They stressed that they were " vigilant " in seeking to identify offenders and eliminate the problem .
Mr Davies put the case for new controls on the use of pre-paid cards in a Ten minute rule Motion - a type of motion designed to highlight an issue which rarely has a realistic chance of becoming law .
New threat
Pre-paid cards could be bought for £ 100 at shops and service stations , he told fellow MPs .
All the buyer has to do is put in a name and address - say Donald Duck and Buckingham Palace - and away he goes Geraint Davies , Labour MP
The buyers remained anonymous , he said , and could simply use the card to access the " growing " number of sites showing indecent images of children .
He said it was " the new route for users is to hide their identity " .
" All the buyer has to do is put in a name and address - say Donald Duck and Buckingham Palace - and away he goes . "
Citing firms such as Visa and Mastercard , he said pre-paid cards were also being used by children to buy knives and alcohol .
' Money involved '
While action had been taken to stop credit and debit cards being used in this way , he said " this horse had now bolted " as offenders were now using pre-paid cards .
People buying a pre-paid card should have to provide proof of identity such as passport or driving licence details , he argued .
In addition , he said credit card companies should be liable for penalties when their cards were used to download abusive images .
Geraint Davies ' motion in full " That leave be given to bring in a Bill to impose penalties on credit and debit card providers for the facilitation of the downloading of child pornography from the internet ; and for connected purposes "
" The simple fact is that we can't rely , as some people think we can , on the credit card industry itself to police itself , " he said .
" The credit card companies are simply not taking pre-emptive action .
There is a lot of money involved and no appetite for voluntary industry action . "
Action by US authorities to clamp down on people using credit cards to access gambling sites showed that " targeting payment systems can change behaviour " .
He added : " Now is time to take action rather than sit back let the abuse go on . "
' Vigilance '
Visa Europe said its position on the issue of child abuse was " unequivocal " .
" Visa Europe deplores the commercial exploitation of child abuse images and we do not allow Visa products of any type - debit , credit or pre-paid - to be used to purchase child pornography , " the company said in a statement .
MasterCard Worldwide has always worked aggressively to identify and eliminate any illegal activity involving the use of its global payment network Mastercard statement
Since 2002 , it added , it had used technology to scan the web to identify websites professing to sell images of child abuse which displayed the Visa logo .
" Wherever we find a site offering such material for sale via Visa payment cards , we alert our banks and the law enforcement agencies .
" Our rules stipulate clearly that our member banks must terminate the acquiring contracts with these merchants .
We also work with law enforcement to assist in the arrest of the criminals . "
The company said it remained " vigilant " in dealing with the " complex and evolving " threat of online exploitation of children .
MasterCard Worldwide said it had " always worked aggressively to identify and eliminate any illegal activity involving the use of its global payment network " .
It said it was talking to Mr Davies to see what more could be done to address the issue .
The firm said its co-operation with the police and its membership of the European Financial Coalition against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children Online ( EFC ) were crucial in seeking to eliminate child abuse images on the internet .
" Only through this partnership will we be able to stop the flow of funds that support the use of child abuse images on the internet and hopefully move quickly toward eliminating it altogether , " it said .
The chart - topping singer will not suffer sweaty or smelly cheese in her backstage spread .
And the avant garde Haus of Gaga must also be outfitted with a " whole roasted chicken . "
It ’s one thing for a coterie of liberals at a late - night Washington soirÃ ƒ Â©e to say that George W. Bush was the worst president in their lifetimes .
It ’s another thing when the same is said by the nation ’s 238 leading presidential scholars , who have been polled annually for the last 28 years .
President Bush ranked worst among modern presidents — and the fifth worst in history , according to the poll by the Siena Research Institute .
Ranking first ?
President Franklin Delano Roosevelt , who led the country from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
ADVERTISEMENT
President Roosevelt served four terms , the longest of any president in history .
US presidents became limited to two terms after US states ratified the 22nd Amendment to the US constitution in 1951 .
President Barack Obama , who has n’t yet served a full term , rated 15th .
Notes Think Progress :
Since 1982 , the Siena Research Institute has polled presidential scholars on whom they view to be best and worst presidents in American history , based on a variety of issues from Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ integrityÃ¢â‚ ¬
Â to economic stewardship .
This yearÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s poll of 238 scholars found that President Franklin Roosevelt was once again ranked on top , joined by Presidents Lincoln , Jefferson , Washington , and Teddy Roosevelt to complete the top five .
However , President George W. Bush did not fare well since the last poll was conducted in 2002 .
He dropped 16 places to 39th , making him the worst president since Warren Harding died in office in 1923 , and one of the bottom five of all time , according to the experts : “ Today , just one year after leaving office , the former president has found himself in the bottom five at 39th rated especially poorly in handling the economy , communication , ability to compromise , foreign policy accomplishments and intelligence .
Rounding out the bottom five are four presidents that have held that dubious distinction each time the survey has been conducted : Andrew Johnson , James Buchanan , Warren G. Harding , and Franklin Pierce . ”
Bush was rated second from the bottom on Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ intelligence , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ foreign policy accomplishments , Ã¢â‚¬Â and Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å “ handling of U.S. economy .Ã¢â‚¬Â
This despite promises from Bush supporters that Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ history will be very kindÃ¢â‚ ¬Â to the former president , as his Attorney General John Ashcroft put it .
BushÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s fatherÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s legacy Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ held constantÃ¢â‚ ¬Â in this yearÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s poll , with George H.W. Bush coming in at 22nd .
President Reagan Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ dropped two places from 16th overall in 2002 to 18th today .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â President Obama was ranked 15th .
You can read the full PDF of the survey here .
People who eat a diet high in fructose , in the form of added sugar , are at increased risk of developing high blood pressure , or hypertension , according to a study appearing in an upcoming issue of the Journal of the American Society Nephrology ( JASN ) .
The results suggest that cutting back on foods and beverages containing a lot of fructose ( sugar ) might decrease one 's risk of developing hypertension .
Hypertension is the most common chronic condition in developed countries and a major risk factor for heart and kidney diseases .
Researchers are striving to identify environmental factors that might be responsible for the development of hypertension , and they suspect that fructose may play a role .
Over the past century , a dramatic increase in the consumption of this simple sugar , which is used to sweeten a wide variety of processed foods , mirrors the dramatic rise in the prevalence of hypertension .
To examine whether increased fructose consumption has contributed to rising rates of hypertension , Diana Jalal , MD ( University of Colorado Denver Health Sciences Center ) and her colleagues analyzed data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey ( 2003 -2006 ) .
The study involved 4,528 US adults 18 years of age or older with no prior history of hypertension .
Study participants answered questions related to their consumption of foods and beverages such as fruit juices , soft drinks , bakery products , and candy .
Dr. Jalal 's team found that people who consumed a diet of 74 grams or more per day of fructose ( corresponding to 2.5 sugary soft drinks per day ) had a 26 % , 30 % , and 77 % higher risk for blood pressure levels of 135/85 , 140/90 , and 160/100 mmHg , respectively .
( A normal blood pressure reading is below 120/ 80 mmHg . )
" Our study identifies a potentially modifiable risk factor for high blood pressure .
However , well - planned prospective randomized clinical studies need to be completed to see if low fructose diets will prevent the development of hypertension and its complications , " said Dr. Jalal .
Study co-authors include Richard Johnson , MD , Gerard Smits , PhD , and Michel Chonchol , MD ( University of Colorado Denver Health Sciences Center ) .
Washington , DC , July 8 , 2010
The American Humanist Association expressed disappointment today that the Washington State Board of Pharmacy backed down on a rule requiring pharmacists to fill all doctors ’ prescriptions , including the controversial Plan B emergency contraceptive .
The rule was the subject of a court case , Stormans Inc. v. Selecky , that was about to go to trial on remand , and the Appignani Humanist Legal Center , legal arm of the American Humanist Association , had argued in a 2008 “ friend of the court ” brief that the rule did not improperly impinge upon the religious freedom rights of pharmacists who may have objections to emergency contraception .
However , the Board of Pharmacy has negotiated a pre-trial compromise in which they pledged to adopt an amended rule that would permit pharmacies and pharmacists to issue facilitated referrals when they object to filling a prescription for any reason .
“ Pharmacists and pharmacies have a duty to dispense lawful medications to patients notwithstanding any personal qualms they may have about specific medications , ” said Bob Ritter , staff attorney and legal coordinator of the American Humanist Association .
“ Though pharmacies should accommodate religious beliefs when possible , the rights of the patient to receive needed medication takes precedence . ”
Regulations were originally put in place by the pharmacy board in 2007 after it became aware that pharmacists in Washington were refusing on religious grounds to fill prescriptions for medicines such as birth control and the morning - after pill .
However , the regulations appropriately accommodated pharmacists ’ religious beliefs by allowing them to have a colleague at the same store fill the prescription ( if the other pharmacist was willing to do so ) .
The American Humanist Association ( www.americanhumanist.org) advocates for the rights and viewpoints of humanists .
Founded in 1941 and headquartered in Washington , D.C. , its work is extended through more than 100 local chapters and affiliates across America .
Humanism is the idea that you can be good without a belief in God .
# # #
PHILADELPHIA --
The teenage Phillies fan who was stunned by a police Taser after running onto the field was placed on six months ' probation on Thursday .
Steve Consalvi was stunned by a Taser after running onto the field at Citizen 's Bank Park last month .
AP Photo / Matt Slocum
Steven Consalvi , 17 , of Gilbertsville , was also ordered by a Philadelphia Family Court judge to complete 80 hours of public service .
If he stays out of trouble , Consalvi can have his record expunged in six months , according to the district attorney 's office .
Consalvi , who was accompanied by his family , did not comment after the hearing .
He had been charged with defiant trespass , disorderly conduct and resisting arrest .
Consalvi jumped onto the field at the top of the eighth inning during a May 3 game between the Phillies and the St. Louis Cardinals .
He ran around in circles in the outfield , waving a white towel and dodging two security officers .
A city police officer chased him for about 30 seconds before using a stun gun probe , causing the teen to stumble forward and slide face - first on the grass .
Consalvi stayed down for about 30 seconds before standing up and walking off the field .
The incident was captured on video and went viral on the Internet .
Consalvi and his family had previously apologized for the stunt , saying the teen had done it impulsively and had learned a valuable lesson .
A few days later , the Phillies announced that team security guards would be responsible for apprehending those who rush onto the field , then handing them over to police .
Tags
[ This article is transcribed from the Libertarian Tradition podcast episode " Eric Arthur Blair aka George Orwell ( 1903 –1950 ) . " ]
Eric Arthur Blair , who is best known under his pseudonym , George Orwell , was born 107 years ago this month in India , where his father was a British civil servant .
His father 's job , according to Orwell biographer Gordon Bowker , " was to oversee the growing of opium , mainly for export to China . "
Though young Eric 's mother had herself grown up in Burma , the daughter of yet another British civil servant , she had long since tired of Asia ; and when her son was only a year old she successfully lobbied her husband to ship her and their two children — Eric and his older sister , Marjorie — back to England .
Eric did not see his father again for eight years , until he was nine years old and had come home for Christmas vacation from his " prep school , " St. Cyprian's .
Here in the States , a " prep school " is a high school ; it preps — that is , it prepares — its students for college , which , on this side of the Atlantic is something that comes after high school and comprises , in effect , grades 13 through 16 .
In the England Eric Blair grew up in , however , a " prep school " was for children 8 to 13 .
What it was preparing these children for was what we would call " high school , " but what Eric grew up thinking of as " college . "
College , in turn , prepared you for university .
Eric was sent to St. Cyprian's when he was 8 years old and remained there until he was 13 , whereupon he transferred for another five years to Eton College — a very famous and very expensive private high school , long favored by the British upper classes .
After Eton graduated him in 1921 , he never went to school again .
Why ?
Orwell answered that question in an autobiographical essay called " Such , Such Were the Joys , " written in the early 1940s but never published until the early ' 50s , a few years after his death , and then only in the United States .
It was not published in England until nearly 20 years after his death .
In this essay , Orwell judged the education he had received at St. Cyprian 's to be inferior .
" The whole process , " he wrote ,
was frankly a preparation for a sort of confidence trick .
Your job was to learn exactly those things that would give an examiner the impression that you knew more than you did know , and as far as possible to avoid burdening your brain with anything else .
Subjects which lacked examination value , such as geography , were almost completely neglected , mathematics was also neglected … science was not taught in any form — indeed it was so despised that even an interest in natural history was discouraged — and even the books you were encouraged to read in your spare time were chosen with one eye on the " English paper . "
Latin and Greek , the main scholarship subjects , were what counted , but even these were deliberately taught in a flashy , unsound way .
We never , for example , read right through even a single book of a Greek or Latin author : we merely read short passages which were picked out because they were the kind of thing likely to be set as an " unseen translation . "
At St. Cyprian's , Orwell remembered ,
history was a series of unrelated , unintelligible but — in some way that was never explained to us — important facts with resounding phrases tied to them .
Disraeli brought peace with honour .
Clive was astonished at his moderation .
Pitt called in the New World to redress the balance of the Old .
And the dates , and the mnemonic devices .
( Did you know , for example , that the initial letters of " A black Negress was my aunt : there 's her house behind the barn " are also the initial letters of the battles in the Wars of the Roses ? )
He also remembered the history teacher calling out dates to the class and " the keener boys leaping up and down in their places in their eagerness to shout out the right answers " — the historical events that had taken place on those dates — " and at the same time not feeling the faintest interest in the meaning of the mysterious events they were naming . "
But worse than the pedagogical limitations of the place — in Orwell 's memory , at least — were the cruelties and brutalities it employed and encouraged among its students .
Orwell remembered his years at St. Cyprian's as like " being locked up … in a hostile world , " a world in which you had " to be perpetually on your guard against the people surrounding you .
At eight years old you were suddenly taken out of this warm nest and flung into a world of force and fraud and secrecy , like a gold - fish into a tank full of pike . "
Orwell knew , of course , that not everyone 's home was really a " warm nest . "
He considered his own home to be far from optimal , for once he had become reacquainted with his father , he had learned that , as he put it , " I … disliked my own father … who appeared to me simply as a gruff - voiced elderly man forever saying ' Don't . ' "
Still , he wrote , " your home might be far from perfect , but at least it was a place ruled by love rather than by fear . "
For that reason alone , Orwell argued , " boarding schools are worse than day schools .
A child has a better chance with the sanctuary of its home near at hand . "
School life was not only ruled by fear , it was best symbolized by the image of a soccer , or perhaps a rugby match .
" Football , " he wrote ,
is not really played for the pleasure of kicking a ball about , but is a species of fighting .
The lovers of football are large , boisterous , nobbly boys who are good at knocking down and trampling on slightly smaller boys .
That was the pattern of school life — a continuous triumph of the strong over the weak .
Virtue consisted in winning : it consisted in being bigger , stronger , handsomer , richer , more popular , more elegant , more unscrupulous than other people — in dominating them , bullying them , making them suffer pain , making them look foolish , getting the better of them in every way .
Life was hierarchical and whatever happened was right .
There were the strong , who deserved to win and always did win , and there were the weak , who deserved to lose and always did lose , everlastingly .
One of the main ideas inculcated in students at St. Cyprians , was , as Orwell put it , " something called ' guts ' or ' character , ' which in reality meant the power to impose your will on others . "
The will of the headmaster of St. Cyprian 's — and the will of his wife , who ran the school with him — was imposed on the students in the form of a series of beatings — beatings administered , sometimes by the headmaster himself , sometimes by certain favored older boys who were , in effect , licensed to beat younger boys .
" I … remember , more than once , " Orwell writes , " being led out of the room in the middle of a Latin sentence , receiving a beating and then going straight ahead with the same sentence , just like that . "
All in all , Orwell wrote , attending St. Cyprian 's was about " as bad as [ being ] in an army , " but perhaps not quite as bad as being " in prison . "
C.M. Kornbluth
" There are no laws or clear - cut rules of conduct for Winston Smith to obey ; he , like a child , may transgress without meaning to .
He must not only do what is right , he must be good . "
After five years at St. Cyprian's and another five years at Eton , Eric Blair decided he'd had enough of school and never went back .
Instead , he followed in his father 's footsteps , signing up for the British civil service .
But after spending yet another five years as a police officer in Burma , he knew a civil - service career in Asia was not for him .
He had enough saved from his years as a policeman to live for about a year , so he quit his job and moved to Paris , where he had decided to try to make it as a writer .
His eccentric , bohemian Aunt Nellie , his mother 's sister , lived there — she was , in fact , living there in sin with an anarchist named Eugène Adam — and she was helpful to young Eric in many ways in the nearly two years he spent in Paris , 1928 and 1929 .
She fed him as often as he'd let her , and her elderly anarchist boyfriend gave young Eric much to think about under the heading of politics .
Orwell biographer Gordon Bowker says that young Eric went to Paris with " an almost anarchistic hatred of authority , " and returned to England nearly two years later with " an even more anti-authoritarian outlook . "
He was unwilling , however , to live off his aunt 's largesse .
Though it took him only a few months in Paris to get into print — under the name " E.A. Blair " — he was unable to earn enough from his writing to pay his bills .
When he ran out of money , he lived as a bum rather than sponge off his Aunt Nellie .
He continued this practice after returning to England late in 1929 , and it was this period of living hand to mouth that provided him with the experience he needed to write his first book , a piece of thinly fictionalized reportage called Down & Out in Paris & London , which was published in 1933 under the name " George Orwell . "
Up to then , all of young Eric 's journalism — mostly book reviews and articles on cultural and political subjects for weekly , fortnightly , and monthly magazines — had appeared under the name " E. A. Blair . "
It continued to do so for another couple of years , but starting in 1935 , all those articles and reviews , as well as a steady flow of books , came out under the name George Orwell : a novel called Burmese Days ; other novels called A Clergyman 's Daughter , Coming Up for Air , and Keep the Aspidistra Flying ; there were also two volumes of reportage — Homage to Catalonia on the Spanish Civil War and The Road to Wigan Pier on poverty in Northern England .
None of these books sold particularly well — decently , but not particularly well — and though the periodical work became more and more frequent , it was never especially remunerative .
Eric Blair — George Orwell — scraped by , but little more .
He did this through the '30s and through the war that followed , and then , suddenly , he hit it big .
The vehicles for his breakthrough were a short , satirical novel called Animal Farm , which tells of the efforts of the animals at Manor Farm to overthrow their human rulers and establish a communist utopia under the leadership of the pigs — this was published in 1945 — and a much longer , brutally naturalistic novel of a totalitarian future called Nineteen Eighty - four , published in 1949 .
These two books made Orwell rich , but he was dead from tuberculosis before the winter of 1949 – 1950 had ended , aged 46 , so he had precious little time to spend any of his new riches on anything but medical bills .
A few years after Orwell 's death , as I have noted , his unflattering memoir of his years at St. Cyprian 's finally saw print in the United States .
And when it did , it became the subject of an essay in the New Yorker by the British journalist Anthony West .
West noted that " most of [ the terrifying things in Nineteen Eighty - four ] " clearly derive from the experience described in ' Such , Such Were the Joys . ' "
At St. Cyprians ,
West reminds his readers , " the headmaster 's wife … seemed to be spying on Orwell all the time " and " seem[ed ] , by some kind of magical omniscience , to know what every boy does and even what he thinks . "
In Nineteen Eighty - four , of course , every room of every dwelling is equipped with a device called a " telescreen " — a sort of two - way TV .
" The telescreen received and transmitted simultaneously , " Orwell wrote .
Any sound that Winston made , above the level of a very low whisper , would be picked up by it ; moreover , so long as he remained within the field of vision which the metal plaque commanded , he could be seen as well as heard .
There was of course no way of knowing whether you were being watched at any given moment .
How often , or on what system , the Thought Police plugged in on any individual wire was guesswork .
It was even conceivable that they watched everybody all the time .
But at any rate they could plug in your wire whenever they wanted to .
You had to live — did live , from habit that became instinct — in the assumption that every sound you made was overheard , and , except in darkness , every movement scrutinized .
Anthony
West contended that if you read Nineteen Eighty - four closely , you would see — must see — that " the whole pattern of society [ in the novel ] shapes up along the lines of fear laid down in ' Such , Such Were the Joys ' until the final point of the dread summons to the headmaster 's study , for the inevitable beating .
In ' 1984 , ' the study becomes Room 101 in the Ministry of Love , and the torturers correspond closely to the schoolmasters . "
In effect , West argued , " what [ George Orwell ] did in ' 1984 ' was to send everybody in England to an enormous [ St. Cyprian 's ] to be as miserable as he had been . "
The American science - fiction writer C.M. Kornbluth agreed with West .
In a lecture he delivered at the University of Chicago early in 1957 , Kornbluth pointed out a few other parallels between Orwell 's experience at St. Cyprian 's and Winston Smith 's experience living in Airstrip One in Oceania in the year 1984 — parallels which West had either overlooked or felt it unnecessary to identify explicitly .
Kornbluth noted , for example , that " sexual activity is forbidden to Winston Smith as it is to a boy under pain of dire punishment . "
He noted also that " there are no laws or clear - cut rules of conduct for Winston Smith to obey ; he , like a child , may transgress without meaning to .
He must not only do what is right , he must be good . "
Orwell biographer Gordon Bowker acknowledged in 2003 that Anthony West 's way of reading Nineteen Eighty - four " has been rather dismissed by critics , but , " he wrote , " that there are associations and reverberations [ connecting Nineteen Eighty - four and " Such , Such Were the Joys " ] cannot be denied . "
According to Bowker , Orwell " certainly developed " the " individual consciousness to pit against unreasonable authority " while at St. Cyprians .
The small boy waiting outside [ the headmaster 's ] study for a beating is only the youthful version of Winston Smith waiting to be summoned to Room 101 .
The deceitfulness of authority , the feeling that spies are everywhere , the harsh cross-examinations , the rote learning in an atmosphere of threat — these are all present in both essay and novel .
It seemed to Orwell , according to Bowker , that " whereas most English people found it impossible to understand what life under a totalitarian regime might be like , boys who went to boarding schools were better prepared . "
In one of the radio talks he wrote and presented for the BBC during World War II , Orwell said , " A human being is what he is largely because he comes from certain surroundings , and no one ever fully escapes from the things that have happened to him in early childhood . "
The following year , in an essay called " Why I Write , " he elaborated on this idea a bit .
Before a writer " ever begins to write , " Orwell asserted , " he will have acquired an emotional attitude from which he will never completely escape . "
For " if he escapes from his early influences altogether , he will have killed his impulse to write . "
Few of us today go to boarding schools .
Few went to them a hundred years ago , when young Eric Blair did .
Why , then , did so many millions of readers on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean respond so strongly to a political nightmare based on its author 's unhappy experience at an English boarding school ?
Why did these readers make Nineteen Eighty - four not only a huge and perennial bestseller on both sides of the Atlantic , but also , probably , the most widely influential libertarian novel ever published ?
Because , as Orwell himself acknowledged , " everything that happened to me at St Cyprian 's could happen in the most ' enlightened ' school , though perhaps in subtler forms . "
The totalitarian essence of the St. Cyprian 's experience — the experience of being dominated , bullied , spied on ; the experience of being made to suffer pain and to look foolish by more powerful others against whom one had no defense — this could be visited upon a child at almost any sort of school one could imagine .
It is , then , the compulsory school experience we have to examine , not just the St. Cyprian 's experience , or the early - 20th - century British boarding school experience .
Some libertarians , like John Holt , have thought about all this and decided that a society without schools — at least for those too young to choose for themselves whether to attend one — would be a better society .
The " homeschoolers " who populate the movement Holt launched back in the 1970s agree .
One does n't have to read far into the works of George Orwell to discover that he had no understanding of economics whatsoever and was not personally a libertarian in the sense we have in mind when we use that word today .
He was a permanently confused but authentically and radically antiauthoritarian democratic socialist .
He was the kind of modern leftist few modern - day libertarians would have any trouble getting along with , making common cause with , collaborating with .
George Orwell presents us with yet another case of a writer who was not himself a libertarian as we understand the term today , but whose last two novels , Animal Farm and Nineteen Eighty - four , have earned him a place in the libertarian tradition .
Image caption Protests at the border have gone on since April
The Indian government is sending federal paramilitary troops to the north - eastern state of Manipur to lift a blockade by tribal groups .
The two - month blockade of main roads has led to severe shortages of food and medical supplies and soaring prices .
Naga tribal groups oppose a government decision preventing Naga separatist leader Thuingaleng Muivah from visiting his birthplace in the troubled state .
Naga rebels have been campaigning for decades for a separate homeland .
The BBC's Chris Morris in Delhi says Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has finally met protest leaders to hear their concerns .
His involvement may be a last attempt to resolve things peacefully , our correspondent reports , before troops are instructed to lift the blockade - by force if necessary .
Home Secretary GK Pillai said the authorities would begin sending troops from Tuesday .
" We shall see to it that food supplies reach Manipur , " he told the AFP news agency .
If you 're a cyclist then you 'll surely agree : bike theft is a scourge , and any method the police use to combat it is to be welcomed .
Any method ?
There is a technique shown to dramatically reduce cycle theft levels , and yet it remains hugely controversial – bait bikes .
This tactic , also known as decoy or tracker bikes , sees police leaving badly locked , or even unlocked , bicycles in vulnerable locations .
They are fitted with hidden GPS devices , letting officers trace them to the thieves , or better still to a lock - up or warehouse used by gangs to store lots of stolen bikes .
Police forces around the country are to deploy bait bikes after a series of successful pilot schemes throughout 2008 and 2009 , with London 's mayor , Boris Johnson , also approving the tactic for the capital earlier this month .
The pilot schemes seemed to show bait bikes are a significant deterrent .
Bikes thefts dropped by 45 % at Cambridge rail station when British Transport Police tested the method .
Even in the UK's bike theft capital , London , rates dropped by around a third in one local trial .
The argument in favour was summed up by Jenny Jones , one of two Greens in the London Assembly :
There are two main deterrents to cycling : road safety and theft .
Gangs of young kids often steal the bikes and pass them on to criminals who store them in lock ups and garages before selling them .
The advantage of using bait bikes is that it enables you to track the stolen bike back to the organised gang lock up , rather than just arresting the young bike thieves ...
You 've got to get the gangs .
You 've got to find out where they keep the bikes .
The contrasting view can be summed up in one word : entrapment .
Critics argue that particularly when bait bikes are left unlocked they are an open incentive to commit crime , most notably to drug addicts or the young and impulsive .
A drugs treatment adviser to the Home Office , speaking anonymously , described it as " lazy policing " , adding :
There is so much else they can do to prevent bike theft that does n't involve leaving temptation in the way of drug addicts that we have spent months helping to get clean .
Linda Oliver , from Bristol 's early intervention service , which helps local young people , said :
In many countries , this practice would be classified as entrapment and would be illegal , the courts would view this as luring people into crime .
Other can fall foul of bait bikes .
One Cambridge University student recounted leaving a local nightclub after a few drinks and thinking it would be a good idea to " borrow " an unlocked cycle he spotted nearby .
Even though police let him off with a warning , he was perturbed by the tactic :
I think that this is a honeypot trap of the most wasteful kind , and should not be a method of catching the gangs of bike thieves that doubtless exist - it 's striking at the bottom rung of the ladder , and this always proves ineffective .
Would you be happy to see bait bikes used in your neighbourhood ?
Jeff Faux , EPI founder and Distinguished Fellow , submitted written testimony to the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform on the need for further action to create jobs now .
Faux said that the restoring balance to the federal budget should be addressed after the country has reached full employment .
The full text of his testimony follows .
The Commission on Deficit Reduction has an opportunity to make a major contribution to both economic policy and democratic decision - making in our country .
To do so , it must confront the myths that dominate the debate over the projected federal fiscal deficit .
To fail in this basic task would be a major disservice to the nation .
The current national debate — as reflected in Congress , the media , and polls — is driven by an assessment of our economic crisis which misdiagnoses it in three ways :
— The notion that the central problems of large scale unemployment and deteriorating incomes have been resolved and the government should not expand its economic stimulus but instead should contract it in order to reduce future deficits .
— The idea that austerity is needed to assure long - term prosperity .
— The often deliberate effort to use the legitimate issue of deficit reduction to shrink the civilian public sector .
As a result , “ everything ” is not on the table , as Obama has claimed , and the public remains confused about the real trade - offs .
Individual members of the Commission might not entirely subscribe to this misdiagnosis , but the consistent and obsessive focus on the long - term fiscal imbalance has dangerously distorted the debate over the country ’s immediate economic needs .
The Commission has a responsibility to disabuse the country of these myths .
In doing so , it should make clear the following points
— The economy needs more stimuli , which requires a larger deficit now .
Last year ’s $ 789 billion government stimulus commitment ( The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ) “ worked . ”
It halted the drop in unemployment and growth , breaking the free - fall in the wake of the financial collapse .
But by any reasonable measure , it was not enough to get the battered job market growing again .
Fifteen million Americans are out of work .
Roughly 10 million more can only find part - time jobs or have disappeared from the labor force .
State and local governments are shredding the social safety net .
In a nation where the vast majority live paycheck to paycheck , 45 percent of the jobless have not worked in six months .
And the fierce competition for jobs is shrinking the paychecks of those who still have them .
The basic economic problem is not very complicated :
If no one spends , no one works .
Since the financial market crash in late 2008 , consumers , businesses , and state and local government have cut back on their spending .
In order to keep people working , as the Great Depression taught us , the federal government must therefore compensate by increasing its own fiscal deficit .
As jobs return , consumers resume buying , businesses respond by investing , and state and local government revenues grow .
When we ’re back to full employment , the federal budget should return to balance .
Serious people can have different opinions of the magnitude of what is needed .
In my view , it is a minimum of $ 400 billion , which could generate over 4 million new jobs and put us on the road to recovery .
Yet , despite the polls showing that the chief concern of voters is unemployment , as of this writing Congress has been so frightened by the exaggerated threat of future deficits that it has not been able to muster the votes needed to sustain minimum parts of the safety net , such as extended unemployment compensation and aid to state and local governments who are eliminating assistance to the unemployed .
Do n’t worry about unemployment , say the pundits of this new austerity consensus .
It ’s a “ lagging indicator . ”
A hiring upturn is only a matter of time .
How much time ?
The assumptions upon which the administration bases it ten year budget projections show the unemployment rate remaining over 9 percent next year .
By 2014 it ’s still at 6 percent , leaving some 3 million more people out of work than before the current crisis began .
In 2020 , assuming ten years of steady economic growth without another recession , the unemployment rate is still expected to be higher than it was in 2007 .
Every administration wants to show an upbeat future , so if anything these numbers are optimistic .
( Goldman - Sachs and other private forecasters say the jobless rate will actually rise in 2011 . )
Moreover , these figures appear inconsistent .
For example , they assume that recovery will be driven by consumer spending .
But in an era of prolonged unemployment and depressed wages , consumers can only spend significantly more by going further into debt .
Yet , at the same time , the CBO / OMB models tell us that interest rates will rise , which , as economist Jamie Galbraith has noted , will generate explosive deficits in the future .
At roughly 10 percent official unemployment , the new “ Washington Consensus ” is calling for a restrictive fiscal and monetary policy .
The theory that monetary policy is enough to solve our problem has already been tested and failed .
As a result of the bailout and interest rate subsidies , banks ’ reserves have risen from some $ 21 billion in 2007 to roughly $ 850 billion .
Yet the financial system is still withholding credit .
This is not because bankers do not want to lend or investment companies do not want to float bonds .
It is because they are not seeing profitable business propositions — aside from increased merger activity — due to the low level of economic activity .
Federal Reserve chair Ben Bernanke has expressed the inevitable consequences of this policy : that we will see high levels of unemployment for a “ significant amount of time . ”
– Austerity will not produce growth , it will undercut it .
The rationale for giving deficit reduction primacy over growth is that the bond markets ’ fear of inflation must be placated .
But as many people have pointed out , there is no evidence that the bond markets — as opposed to people who claim to speak for them — are worried about inflation .
And the experience of the last two years should certainly have taught us the dangers of economic policies guided by those who confidently predict what these markets will do .
If anything , the evidence is that Hoover - ist cutbacks in government spending during times of high unemployment have the opposite effect , as we can see in the current case of Ireland , where the government tightened budgets in order to attract global investors .
The predictable result was a slowdown in growth .
This made Irish business prospects less profitable , with the result that international investors are now demanding a roughly 3 percentage point premium on their loans in that country .
President Obama has said , “ We cannot rebuild this economy on the same pile of sand .
We must move us from an era of borrow and spend to one where we save and invest ; where we consume less at home and send more exports abroad . ”
He is right .
But finding consumers somewhere else is easier said than done .
For thirty years , the United States has been outsourcing production and buying more from the rest of the world than it is selling .
We have financed the resulting trade deficit by borrowing to the point where we are the world ’s largest debtor nation .
The list of products we no longer make in this country is a mile long .
Whatever one thinks about the wisdom of new agreements with Korea , Columbia , Panama , and others to expand trade , history is clear : exports may rise , but imports will rise faster .
For the United States there is no other equivalent consumer of last resort willing to run large chronic trade deficits to facilitate our export - led growth .
Europe
is going through its own austerity program .
Japan is not about to give up the trade surplus that has kept the country afloat during its own long recession .
And China ’s leaders are unlikely to sacrifice export industry jobs in order to reduce unemployment among Americans whose living standards are so much higher .
It is therefore obvious that without substantial changes in policy the United States will no longer be competitive enough to expand trade and maintain our living standards .
Chief among these needed policies is a large - scale sustained investment in human and physical infrastructure and incentives to develop new cutting edge technologies into products and services that can create jobs in the United States .
This will require more , not less , domestic federal spending in these areas .
As applied to the United States in 2010 , domestic austerity combined with export - led growth implies a drop in wages and living standards much more dramatic than anything that America ’s leaders have been willing to admit .
It is the responsibility of this commission to make it clear the logical consequences of refusing to regenerate growth now .
In that context , the phrases “ long - term ” and “ short - term ” are misleading to much of the public .
In macroeconomic terms there is no temporal measure for the moment when we should cut back on a deficit designed to stimulate the economy .
It all depends on the economic conditions .
Full employment remains the sensible and popularly supported priority goal for federal economic policies .
Therefore , the trigger for deficit reduction should not depend on a certain date in the future but on the level and direction of the unemployment rate .
John Irons of the Economic Policy Institute has suggested a rate of 6 percent and falling as a reasonable goal .
Certainly that should be the earliest point for pulling back on the deficit .
Second , short - term damage to the economy has long - term consequences .
In a brutally competitive global economy , we need to constantly train and hone the skills , knowledge , and experience of our work force .
Research in this area is clear that long term unemployment atrophies current skills .
Given the absence of an appropriately financed world - class skills training system in America , it also discourages workers from keeping up with new ones .
Today , we have a huge shortfall in these investments needed to make the country competitive — over $ 2 trillion in infrastructure alone .
Bringing our human resource investment anywhere near the level needed would at least double the amount we are now spending .
– The problem is revenue .
It is no secret that much of the political promotion of deficit reduction as the priority , uber alles , comes from people who want to reduce the role of government in the domestic economy .
The Commission should therefore be very careful to make clear that there is no economic rationale for some superimposed limit on the government share of the GDP .
It all depends on the country ’s needs at the moment .
But the public has been thoroughly confused by the assertions that we are spending more than we can afford and that there is some one kind of spending that is at fault — the so called “ entitlements ” crisis .
By any reasonable measure , the citizens of the United States , collectively , can afford the current levels of spending .
That they do not tax themselves sufficiently is a result of political irresponsibility — the persistent message sent to the people that we can have the levels of government spending we want without paying for it .
The Commission should therefore bring whatever influence it has to expose that fraud and make clear that , in order to do the things that the country needs , we will require more revenue .
Thus , for example , it should clearly reject any discussion over tax policy that seeks merely to shift the burden of taxes from one group to another — such as the increasing calls for a value added tax on consumers to be used to eliminate or dramatically reduce what is left of the corporate income tax .
And it should use its influence and moment in the spotlight to highlight the role of tax expenditures , which are in effect programs that benefit only those with sufficient income to take advantage of them .
Similarly , it should make clear that there is no one sector that is driving the spending side of the federal budget deficit .
Through time , the country ’s needs change .
If for example the demographic shifts require more spending on assistance for the aged , then this is not , strictly speaking , a budget deficit problem .
It is a problem of reordering priorities .
This is the job of the elected representatives of the people and not the Commission .
The deficit projections no more reflect a crisis of “ entitlement ” overspending than they reflect a “ crisis ” in any other category of spending , like military spending or agricultural subsidies .
Sensible governance understands that the fact that a program area is expanding does not make it the source of fiscal imbalance .
By Captain Pyke | July 2 , 2010 - 11:39 pm
Summer Glau , " Firefly " & " The Sarah Connor Chronicles " , is in Australia for the Supernova series of conventions and was recently interviewed for Scifi Australia where she admitted to being a huge TNG fan .
" ... the show I really grew up on was Star Trek : The Next Generation .
That was a show that I watched with my parents that I talked them into letting me stay up to watch it .
I got to meet Marina Sirtis last year , which was a really special moment for me .
I grew up idolizing her . "
Said Glau , when asked what scifi she would show to a friend to introduce them to the genre .
She also revealed that she would love to meet The Shat .
Yeah , who would n't ?
" Doing the convention circuit , you ’d bump into the odd Sci Fi icon here and there .
Is there someone in particular that you ’d really like to meet ? "
" Well I got to meet Marina Sirtis , which was really huge for me , but if I had to say one person , I guess it would be William Shatner . "
Summer also goes into detail about her work on " Firefly " & " The Sarah Connor Chronicles " .
( source Scifitv.com.au )
Check out the full article here .
Image Credits Trekcore.com
The battle over medical marijuana has a new focus : children .
After some parents confessed to feeding kids as young as 9 pot-infused cookies as a last resort to help them cope with autism , The New York Times reported that California clinics have been prescribing pot to patients as young as 14 to treat ADHD symptoms .
Proponents of cannabis for kids say it can also help treat cancer and AIDS symptoms .
Opponents ?
“ How many ways can one say ‘ one of the worst ideas of all time ? ’ ” asks UC Berkeley psychologist Stephen Hinshaw .
Is there ever a valid reason to prescribe pot for kids ?
( Watch one family ’s success treating autism with marijuana . )
This takes a defensible idea too far : Doctors should be given leeway to treat their patients as they see best , says Nathaniel French in the Southern Methodist University Daily Campus , including — where legal — with medical marijuana .
“ But there are limits to that liberality , ” and giving pot to minors crosses the line .
“ We do not let children smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol ; why should we let them take a mind - altering drug ” ?
“ California takes medical marijuana too far ”
Marijuana is safer than Ritalin : Given that we already prescribe kids “ stimulants like Ritalin and Adderall , ” whose side effects — including sudden death — are much worse than marijuana ’s , says a spokesperson for the Marijuana Policy Project in Opposing Views , the “ infrequent ” instances in which marijuana is prescribed to minors should n’t shock anyone ; science and anecdotal evidence suggest it does help with childhood ADHD and autism .
We need less outrage and more studies .
“ The debate over marijuana treatment for ADHD , autistic kids ”
Welcome to the slippery slope of ' medical anarchy ' : “ Marijuana has clear medical uses , ” says Wesley J. Smith in First Things .
But if advocates “ continue to act this irresponsibly , ” they ’ll just " blow up ” their cause .
“ Medical anarchy : Giving medical marijuana to teenagers ”
Pot can work medically , but it can also blur formative years : I generally " trust the doctors who are carefully treating young patients ” with marijuana , says Russ Belleville at the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) .
That said , I personally do n’t recommend “ non-medical use ” for kids under 18 — not out of mental or physical health concerns but simply because teenage emotions “ should be felt fully and unaltered . ”
The teenage years are " when your personality and character are formed . "
“ Using medical marijuana to treat ADHD in teenagers ”
.............................................................
SEE THE WEEK'S LATEST COVERAGE OF THE MARIJUANA DEBATE :
• Does America really need ' marijuana cafes '?
• Obama 's medical marijuana truce
• Marijuana as medicine
It ’s no secret that the sales of CDs have plummeted in the last decade and are down about 50 percent from their peak .
Retailers have been forced to adjust , often by devoting some shelf space to other products .
But that has not always meant that retailers have left the music business .
In 2008 , Best Buy , the national electronics retailer , began dipping its toe into the world of musical instruments .
By late March of this year , the company had opened its 99th and 100th musical instrument departments , at its new stores in Upper Manhattan and in Flushing , Queens .
“ We sell many ways to consume music .
Why not create ? ” Justin Barber , a spokesman for the company , said .
“ It just seemed like a natural extension . ”
At the store in Upper Manhattan , customers can select from 45 acoustic guitars , which are kept in a closed , climate - controlled room , ranging from a $ 99.99 Squier guitar to a $ 3,999.99 , six - string Taylor .
( And two ukuleles ) .
Along the red wall facing the customers when they enter the department hang about 80 electric guitars and bass guitars , in a similar range of prices .
DJ equipment lines another wall .
Scott 's agent , Brian McInerney , said in an e-mail to The Associated Press that he and the Cavs are working through some final details , but does n't expect any problems and that Scott has agreed to become Cleveland 's next coach .
As of Thursday night , the team was still hoping to officially announce Scott 's hiring by the end of the day -- a day James listened to offers from the New Jersey Nets and New York Knicks .
Cleveland decided on the 49 - year - old Scott after strongly considering Los Angeles Lakers assistant coach Brian Shaw , who impressed the Cavaliers during interviews earlier this week .
This would be the third head - coaching job for Scott , who led the Nets to consecutive NBA Finals appearances in 2002 and 2003 .
Scott , who coached the Nets from 2001 to 2004 , was named Coach of the Year in 2008 after leading the New Orleans Hornets to a surprising 56 - win season .
He coached the Hornets from 2004 to 2010 and has a 352-355 career record .
Of course , Scott does not know what kind of team he will end up leading .
If James re-signs with the Cavaliers , he could have an Eastern Conference contender on his hands .
If James goes elsewhere , Cleveland will be in a rebuilding effort similar to the ones he took over in New Jersey and New Orleans .
It is the experiences Scott had in rebuilding those franchises that led him to maintain interest in the Cavaliers ' job without assurances that James would return .
In terms of re-signing James , the hiring of Scott would work in Cleveland 's favor .
James reportedly wants to play for a former player , and Scott was that and then some .
A 6 - foot - 4 shooting guard , Scott played 14 years in the NBA , winning three championships in his 11 seasons with the Lakers .
He teamed with some of the greatest players of all time , including Magic Johnson , Kareem Abdul - Jabbar and , in Scott 's final season , Kobe Bryant .
Scott has maintained a great relationship with Bryant , which is emblematic of another reason he won over the Cavs : his ability to build strong relationships with superstars .
In New Jersey , Scott had a good relationship with Jason Kidd , though Kidd soured on Scott 's coaching toward the end of his tenure with the team .
And in New Orleans , Scott was close with Chris Paul , one of James ' best friends .
Once the deal is finished , it will close a dramatic search to replace Mike Brown , who was fired in May after five seasons in Cleveland .
The Cavaliers initially offered the job to Michigan State coach Tom Izzo .
Cleveland owner Dan Gilbert was willing to pay Izzo nearly $ 6 million a year , but after a long and ballyhooed period of consideration , the NCAA coaching legend decided against accepting without knowing whether James would return .
Scott and Shaw were neck - and - neck for the job Tuesday night and several reports had Shaw as the front - runner .
Shaw 's agent , Jerome Stanley , told The Associated Press via e-mail late Tuesday night that his client was Cleveland 's favored choice , and there were reports that Shaw was assembling a staff to help him in his first head - coaching gig .
Scott 's agent even sent out an e-mail congratulating Shaw on getting Cleveland 's job .
" Coach Scott welcomes Coach Shaw into the ranks of head coaching , and as a Laker family brother , wishes him the best , until the final two minutes of any game where they are competing against each other , " the e-mail from McInerney read .
The Cavs , however , never offered Shaw the position .
Instead , Cavaliers sources said they decided on Scott late Tuesday night and began negotiating with him Wednesday morning .
Stanley then called the club Wednesday afternoon , telling them his client was pulling himself out of the running .
According to Stanley , Shaw notified Cleveland brass on Wednesday afternoon he was withdrawing his name from consideration , citing " timing issues . "
Shaw 's withdrawal opens the door to speculation he may want to remain available if Lakers coach Phil Jackson retires .
Jackson informed Lakers spokesman John Black via e-mail late Tuesday night that he intends to stick to his plan of informing the team of his decision by Friday .
Chris Broussard is a senior NBA writer for ESPN The Magazine .
Information from ESPNLosAngeles.com 's Dave McMenamin and The Associated Press was used in this report .
ST . LOUIS is more than just a Gateway to the West .
The famous arch , of course , is still there , along with plenty of 19th - century architecture and an eye - opening amount of green space .
But St. Louis is a lively destination in its own right , full of inviting neighborhoods , some coming out of a long decline and revitalized by public art , varied night life and restaurants that draw on the bounty of surrounding farmland and rivers .
Add to that a mix of Midwestern sensibility and Southern charm , and you ’ve got a city looking to the future .
Friday
4 p.m.
1 ) STREET LIFE
See the city ’s evolution in action on Cherokee Street .
Once known for their concentration of antiques shops ( cherokeeantiquerow.net ) , the street ’s brick town houses are now also home to funky cafes and stores .
Highlights include Apop Records ( No. 2831 ; 314-664-6575 ; apoprecords.com ) , which carries an impressively eclectic selection of psych pop , punk , country and jazz records .
The Mud House ( No. 2101 ; 314-776-6599 ; themudhousestl.com ) draws a young crowd with its excellent coffee .
And PhD Gallery ( No. 2300 ; 314-664-6644 ; phdstl.com ) features nearly 2,000 square feet of space , with works from local and regional artists , including a just - opened photo exhibition , “ Beyond XY , ” that explores male identity .
7 p.m.
2 ) SOULARD SOUL
The historic neighborhood of Soulard ( pronounced SOO - lard ) is one of those neighborhoods experiencing a renaissance , thanks in part to several quality restaurants .
Franco ( 1535 South Eighth Street ; 314-436-2500 ; eatatfranco.com ) , an industrial - chic bistro that opened in 2007 next to the famous Soulard farmers ’ market , serves soulful takes on French bistro fare , like country - fried frogs ’ legs in a red wine gravy ( $ 9 ) and grilled Missouri rainbow trout in a crayfish and Cognac cream sauce ( $ 22 ) .
10 p.m .
3 ) ANALOG UNDERGROUND
Frederick ’s Music Lounge , a beloved dive bar , may be gone , but its legendary owner , Fred Boettcher Jr. , a k a Fred Friction , reemerged last year with a new club beneath the restaurant Iron Barley .
Follow signs for “ FSFU ”  Fred ’s Six Feet Under ( 5510 Virginia Avenue ; 314-351-4500 ; www.ironbarley.com).
Music venues do n’t get much more intimate ; the band might take up a third of the total space .
Drinks are cheap , and the tunes , courtesy of local bands like the Sins of the Pioneers , and their brand of New Orleans R&B , are as unpretentious as the crowd .
Durham , NC -- Saber - toothed cats may be best known for their supersized canines , but they also had exceptionally strong forelimbs for pinning prey before delivering the fatal bite , says a new study in the journal PLoS ONE .
Commonly called the " saber - toothed tiger , " the extinct cat Smilodon fatalis roamed North and South America until 10,000 years ago , preying on large mammals such as bison , camels , mastodons and mammoths .
Telltale clues from bones and teeth suggest they relied on their forelimbs as well as their fangs to catch and kill their prey .
The size and shape of sabertooth canines made them more vulnerable to fracture than cats living today , said author Julie Meachen - Samuels , a paleontologist at the National Evolutionary Synthesis Center in Durham , NC .
" Cats living today have canines that are round in cross-section , so they can withstand forces in all directions .
If the prey is struggling it does n't matter which way it 's pulling -- their teeth are unlikely to break , " she explained .
In contrast , the elongated canines of saber - toothed cats were oval in cross-section , which made them more vulnerable to breaking than their conical - toothed cousins .
" Many scientists infer that saber - toothed cats killed prey differently from other cats because their teeth were thinner side - to - side , " said Meachen - Samuels .
Despite their vulnerable canines , prominent muscle attachment scars on sabertooth limb bones suggest the cat was powerfully built .
Saber - toothed cats may have used their muscular arms to immobilize prey and protect their teeth from fracture , she explained .
advertisement
To estimate how strong sabertooth forelimbs were relative to other cats , the researchers used x-rays to measure the cross-sectional dimensions of the upper arm and leg bones of fossils recovered from the La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles .
They also measured the limb bones of 28 cat species living today -- ranging in size from the 6 - pound margay to the 600 - pound tiger -- as well as the extinct American lion , the largest conical - toothed cat that ever lived .
The researchers used their cross-sectional measurements to estimate bone strength and rigidity for each species .
When they plotted rigidity against length for the 30 species in their study , species with longer limbs generally had stronger bones .
But the data for the saber - toothed cat fell well outside the normal range -- while their leg bones scaled to size , their arm bones were exceptionally thick for their length .
" When I looked at the arm bones , Smilodon fatalis was way out in left field , " said Meachen - Samuels .
Sabertooth arm bones were not only larger in diameter than other cats , they also had thicker cortical bone , the dense outer layer that makes bones strong and stiff .
Thicker cortical bone is consistent with the idea that sabertooth forelimbs were under greater stress than would be expected for cats their size , Meachen - Samuels explained .
Just like weight - bearing exercise remodels our bones and improves bone density over time , the repeated strain of grappling with prey may have resulted in thicker and stronger arm bones in saber - toothed cats .
" As muscles pull on bones , bones respond by getting stronger , " said Meachen - Samuels .
" Because saber - toothed cats had thicker arm bones we think they must have used their forelimbs more than other cats did . "
" The findings give us new information about how strong their forelimbs were and how they were built , " she added .
" This is the first study to look inside sabertooth arm bones to see exactly how much stress and strain they could handle . "
The findings will be published online in the June 30 issue of PLoS ONE .
Blaire Van Valkenburgh of the University of California , Los Angeles was also an author on this study .
Google confirmed that its Goggles visual search application would be coming to Apple 's iPhone soon and also said it would release APIs for its image recognition , according to this scoop from ReadWriteWeb .
Google Goggles is a mobile application that lets users take a picture of a location or objects such as a product or painting from their smartphone and do a Google search that pulls up information associated with the image .
The image a user snaps with his or her camera is a query that gets sent to Google 's cloud computing data centers and processed with computer vision algorithms .
The application is available for smartphones based on Google 's Android operating system version 1.6 and up and is a popular draw among users of the Motorola Droid , Google Nexus One and HTC Droid Incredible .
But it has thus far been relegated to Android , limiting its exposure to the No. 3 mobile operating system in the U.S. behind RIM 's Blackberry and Apple 's iPhone .
Google Goggles Product Manager Shailesh Nalawadi confirmed at an augmented reality event in Santa Clara , Calif .
June 4 that Goggles would makes its way to the iPhone soon .
A spokesperson confirmed the happening , but declined to provide more clarity into the timing .
This is a big step in helping Goggles reach a broader audience .
Google apps such as search , Google Maps and YouTube are popular on the iPhone , which has shipped more than 50 million units .
Apple is launching iPhone 4.0 at its Worldwide Developer Conference today .
Apple 's relationship with Google has been rocky , thanks to actions such as Apple 's rejection of Google Voice on the iPhone for competition 's sake .
However , Apple CEO Steve Jobs said he has no plans to dump Google as the default search provider on the iPhone or iPad tablet .
Nalawadi also said Google would release the image recognition technology that powers Goggles via APIs by the end of the year .
Google , which just launched APIs for Google Latitude and Google Buzz , is no stranger to releasing the programming interfaces that gets developers writing additional applications , plug-ins or other Web services for its existing apps .
" APIs are good and we would love to offer recognition capabilities as APIs eventually , " Nalawadi said , according to the ReadWriteWeb post .
Google is also steadily expanding the coverage of Goggles .
The app launched with support for locations , art , products , barcodes and other objects , but Google will extend that to other images over time .
Google May 6 added text translation to the new Version 1.1 of its Google Goggles application , allowing travelers to other countries to take pictures of text and read them in their native language .
Now travelers to other countries can take pictures of street signs , restaurant menus and other text and read them in their native language .
This stranger in a strange land scenario is currently the primary use case for Goggles .
Today 's word in question : " safe "
The Environmental Protection Agency is holding public hearings today to review a proposed safe exposure limit for dioxin , a known carcinogen and endocrine disruptor produced as a common industrial byproduct .
It 's all but impossible to avoid exposure to dioxin .
Research done by the Environmental Working Group has shown that adults are exposed to 1,200 times more dioxin than the EPA is calling safe " ” mostly through eating meat , dairy and shellfish " ” and mothers pass it on to babies in the womb and in breast milk .
A nursing infant ingests an amount 77 times higher than what the EPA has proposed as safe exposure .
( Formula is also widely contaminated with the stuff . )
Advertisements
In a speech about the economy at Smith Electric Vehicles in Kansas City , MO , President Obama set out not only to highlight jobs being created in the green energy sector , but he also jabbed at Republicans for distorting his record on tax cuts .
Obama said , “ We immediately cut taxes , that ’s right .
You would n’t know it from listening to folks , but we cut taxes for working families … ”
Even though he is labeled a socialist by his critics , Obama said that government does n’t have all the answers , “ And we made that kind of decision all across America last year .
And we were guided by a simple idea : Government does n’t have all the answers .
Ultimately , government does n’t create all the jobs .
Government can’t guarantee growth by itself .
But what government can do is lay the foundation for small businesses to expand and to thrive , for entrepreneurs to open up shop and test out new products , for workers to get the training that they need , and for families to achieve some measure of economic security .
And that role is especially important in tough economic times . ”
Advertisements
He then took a shot at Republicans for distorting his record on tax cuts , “ And that ’s why , when my administration began , we immediately cut taxes — that ’s right .
You would n’t know it from listening to folks , but we cut taxes for working families and for small business owners all across America to help them weather the storm .
Through our small business loans , and our focus on research and development , and our investment in high - tech , fast - growing sectors like clean energy , we ’re helping to speed our recovery by harnessing the talent and the drive and the innovative spirit of the American people .
So our goal has never been to create another government program , our goal has been to spur growth in the private sector . ”
Later Obama criticized the GOP ’s strategy of obstruction , “ We ’re not there yet .
We ’ve got a long way to go .
But what is absolutely clear is we ’re moving in the right direction .
We are headed in the right direction .
And that ’s — the surest way out of this storm is to go forward , not to go backwards .
There are some people who argue that we should abandon some of these efforts — some people who make the political calculation that it ’s better to just say no to everything than to lend a hand to clean up the mess that we ’ve been in . ”
The President discussed the current recession but also expressed confidence that the nation would emerge stronger than before , “ I mean , this has been a difficult time for America right now : two years of brutal recession , a decade of economic insecurity .
And there are going to be some hard days ahead .
That ’s the truth .
It ’s going to take a while for us to dig ourselves out of this hole .
But what you are proving here — each and every one of you who work here at Smith Electric — is the promise of a brighter future .
What you ’re proving is that if we hold fast to that spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation that ’s always defined America , we ’re not just going to emerge from this period of turmoil , we ’re going to emerge stronger than we were before . ”
A couple of the right wing ’s favorite attack lines against Obama are that he is a socialist , and that he is going to raise taxes .
On the tax cut front , Republicans have been able to bash Obama because the administration and Democrats have done a woeful job in pointing out that Obama has passed the biggest one year tax cut in history .
Obama has cut taxes more than any Republican president .
This fact is completely ignored by the right .
Obama speech demonstrated just how out of touch the rhetoric of the right is with reality .
He discussed cutting taxes , government not being the answer , growing the private sector , and entrepreneurship .
These are not the buzz words of a socialist .
What is interesting about Obama ’s recent outings , including this one today , is that he is getting more willing to take on his critics .
He is leading the charge , and helping to set the agenda for his party .
This is a trait that was often missing during his first year in office .
Just as we were able to watch Obama grow as a candidate in 2008 , we are now seeing Obama grow as a president .
Obama always had the tools , but with each passing day he is getting more comfortable with the power of the presidency , and this is not good news for the GOP .
Nun Excommunicated After Saving a Mother 's Life With Abortion Church kicks nun out after authorizing an emergency abortion to save the mother .
June 1 , 2010  --
Sister Margaret McBride was forced to make a decision between her faith and a woman 's life last year , when a 27 - year - old mother of four rushed into St. Joseph 's Hospital in Phoenix only 11 weeks pregnant .
" I think [ McBride ] prayed and prayed and I 'm sure that this weighed on her like a ton of bricks .
This was not an easy decision for her , " says her long - time friend Mary Jo Macdonald .
As a key member of the hospital 's ethics board , McBride gathered with doctors in November of 2009 to discuss the young woman 's fate .
The mother was suffering from pulmonary hypertension , an illness the doctors believed would likely kill her and , as a result , her unborn child , if she did not abort the pregnancy .
In the end , McBride chose to save the young woman 's life by agreeing to authorize an emergency abortion , a decision that has now forced her out of a job and the Catholic Church .
Despite being described as " saintly , " " courageous , " and the " moral conscience " of the Catholic hospital , McBride was excommunicated from the Catholic Church by Phoenix Bishop Thomas J. Olmsted for supporting the abortion .
" An unborn child is not a disease ... the end does not justify the means , " Olmsted said in a statment issued to a the Arizona Republic newspaper this past May .
Hospital officials defended McBride 's actions and released a statement saying , " In this tragic case , the treatment necessary to save the mother 's life required the termination of an 11 - week pregnancy . "
Although many medical ethicists say it was the right decision , the hospital confirmed McBride has been removed from her position as senior administrator and reassigned .
Critics are arguing McBride 's punishment is a double standard .
Many are pointing out that it has often taken years for priests who sexually abuse children to be even reprimanded , let alone excommunicated .
Nun Excommunicated for Permitting Abortion to Save Mother 's Life
" It 's very disturbing to me to see how the pedophiles cases have been handled and yet how fast the bishop came out and excommunicated Sister Margaret McBride , " her friend saidd .
Many experts in canon law , the Catholic legal system , say McBride 's decision is admissible .
" All the bishop focused on was the abortion , not on the other circumstances -- included that the mother was almost certainly going to die , " canon lawyer Father Thomas Doyle .
But right now only the Phoenix Diocese ruling stands and she is no longer a member of the Catholic Church .
For a devout woman who spent years dedicated to her religion , serving the poor , the sick and the needy , McBride is paying the ultimate sacrifice for her decision to help another life ; she is no longer allowed to receive the sacraments .
Click here to return to the " World News " page .
In this guest editorial , the CEO of PRX , the company behind the popular This American Life iPhone and Public Radio Player apps , argues that Apple 's policy barring solicitation of donations by nonprofit groups is a cop-out and blocks a major revenue stream for public radio — whose content enhances the value of Apple 's devices .
Ars Technica recently started an interesting conversation on the mixed reaction to This American Life 's use of push notifications in its iPhone app ( developed at PRX ) to encourage donations by its tens of thousands of users ( each of whom paid $ 2.99 to buy the app ) .
I agree that app developers should use push notifications very sparingly , and they definitely run the risk of negative reactions if the message is n’t clearly tied to the app ’s purpose and value .
As Seth Lind from
This American Life said in the discussion on the post , this was an experiment .
Further donation messaging will be in - app , and mostly in the audio itself where Ira Glass can most effectively make the case for why This American Life deserves your support .
But the underlying issue is Apple ’s wrongheaded policy of prohibiting donations in the first place .
The excuse that “ Apple does n't want to be held responsible for ensuring that the charitable funds make it to the final destination ” is a cop-out .
Google Grants has tackled this already , and organizations like TechSoup and Guidestar do a sophisticated job of authenticating nonprofits and charities worldwide .
Apple , of all companies , ca n’t credibly say it ’s not up to the technical and logistical challenge .
And Apple is not just preventing app developers from putting “ donate ” buttons or any language suggesting that users contribute to charitable causes ; it is also cutting off nonprofits from the most powerful direct - payment platform in the mobile marketplace .
1 - Click payments are transformative for direct giving , and Apple has tens of millions of users with stored credit cards already accustomed to instant purchases — over 100 million if you add in iTunes users worldwide .
Jake Shapiro ( credit : Matt MacDonald / PRX )
Even if Apple allowed app developers to include links and language about donation , without 1 - Click they are still forcing users to jump through hoops with a separate mobile payment option .
This could mean filling out long forms on a Safari page or launching a parallel app like PayPal .
It 's an irritating deal - breaker for many users and it decimates follow - through ( yes , text - to - donate is an increasingly promising path that is almost as seamless as an in - app transaction , but donations are limited to $ 10 , and there are other current hurdles ) .
One option would be allowing in - app donations using Apple ’s payment infrastructure , but this immediately runs into the next deal - breaking issue : Apple ’s 30 percent cut is untenable for charities and nonprofits , and for the donors themselves .
At most , Apple should charge a small 2 - 3 percent credit card processing fee for nonprofit and charitable contributions ( Google charges nothing to qualified nonprofits using Checkout ) .
Apple recently demonstrated this is possible with its Haiti Donation button on iTunes earlier this year , passing 100 percent of the donations to the American Red Cross — a laudable and hopefully precedent - setting move .
For public media , where contributions from “ listeners like you ” are a critical source of revenue , Apple 's donation blocking is a particularly acute problem .
For one thing , public media content is hugely popular across iTunes and iPhone / iPad — check out the top rankings for NPR , PBS , PRX and other public media podcasts , station streams , and apps .
Apple is effectively blocking a major revenue stream to public media while enthusiastically featuring public media content and apps that enhance value for its devices .
The other powerful potential for public media is that users experience the service directly within the app .
You listen to an incredible hour like " Giant Pool of Money " from This American Life about the subprime mortgage crisis and — click — you could contribute to support the show .
Many other nonprofits and charities are delivering services one or more degrees removed from the apps themselves — helping fight malaria , for example .
But for those causes too , the opportunities for innovation around in - app donation are endless , with tremendous potential to connect people ’s best charitable impulses to causes in the moment and on the go .
Where 's the charity ?
I suspect the deeper reasons for Apple ’s uncharitable stance is that the nonprofit and education markets are just that — “ markets ” that represent hundreds of millions of dollars of annual revenue to Apple in the form of computer , software , iPod , and now iPhone and iPad sales .
There is no financial upside for Apple to enable a direct path for nonprofit and charitable support .
And note that there is no " Apple Foundation , " no " Apple Grants . "
In fact , Apple has been called out as one of America ’s least philanthropic companies .
It 's also one that just passed Microsoft 's market capitalization as the most valuable technology company in the world .
The other issue gets to Apple ’s broader competitive approach .
If Apple permitted donations by users , it might have to change another restrictive policy : passing certain individual information to app owners / developers and content providers .
Currently app developers get zero data from Apple about who buys and uses their apps , just a flat report of total downloads and resulting revenue if it ’s a paid app .
Perhaps Apple could work with an intermediary to bundle and process donations and handle any reporting and tax information .
Ultimately , this is another logistical hurdle that Apple does n’t seem to have the will to take on .
My estimate is that public media , nonprofits , and charities are already missing out on tens of millions of dollars of potential donations through iTunes and Apple devices , and hundreds of millions as the iPhone / iPad and whatever is next continue to grow in popularity and use .
By the way , none of this applies to Android .
Given that Apple is entirely willing and able to take tough and often unpopular stands with its tech partners , app developers , major labels , and major rivals , it may be quixotic to imagine that the nonprofit and public media sector can fight this battle and win .
So let ’s pose the question directly to Steve Jobs : where 's Apple 's genius when it comes to supporting nonprofits ?
Jake Shapiro is CEO of PRX , Public Radio Exchange , developers of the Public Radio Player and This American Life iPhone apps .
Web designer files lawsuit claiming he owns 84 % of Facebook
Paul Ceglia has filed a lawsuit against Facebook
A web designer is taking Facebook to court claiming he owns 84 per cent of the social networking site .
Paul Ceglia has filed a civil lawsuit in the Supreme Court in New York claiming he signed a contract with Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg in 2003 to develop and design a website .
According to the suit , the terms of the contract entitled Ceglia to a $ 1,000 fee and a 50 percent stake in the product , which eventually was launched as thefacebook.com .
The contract also stipulated that Ceglia ’ would acquire an additional 1 percent interest in the business , per day , until the website was completed , ’ meaning that Ceglia 's stake in Facebook totaled 84 percent by 2004 .
Facebook has described the suit as completely frivolous .
The firm 's lawyers are contesting a decision by a New York judge to issue a temporary restraining the transfer of Facebook assets while the lawsuit is assessed .
' The order will not affect our ability to do business but we do not believe it is legally supported and we have moved to have it vacated , ' said Facebook 's Barry Schnitt .
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is having to fight another suit claiming he owes fellow designers money
According to The Wall Street Journal , the contract is ‘ for the purchase and design of a suitable website for the project Seller [ Mr. Zuckerberg ] has already initiated that is designed to offer the students of Harvard university [ sic ] access to a wesite [ sic ] similar to a live functioning yearbook with the working title of ' The Face Book . ' "
Facebook , which has nearly 500 million users , is the world 's biggest internet social networking site and ranks among the web 's most popular sites , alongside Google , Yahoo and Microsoft .
The date of Ceglia 's suit clashes with Facebook ’s official history which claims that Zuckerberg did not start the site until after 2003 .
Some of the previous accounts of Facebook 's history have said that Zuckerberg was at work on other projects during that period and did not come up with the idea for Facebook until later .
The internet domain name for " The Facebook.com " was registered in January 2004 ,
Zuckerberg is believed to own 24 % of the company , with the rest belonging to employees and investors .
Last year it was reported that Zuckerberg paid out $ 65 million to two former classmates to end a lawsuit claiming that he stole the idea for the massively successful social networking site from them .
( Newser ) – Sarah Palin sounded so relaxed in a recent interview about blowing a joint in the privacy of one 's own home that it almost sounded like pot could be the conservative Alaskan 's cup of tea .
She definitely does not support legalizing the drug , but added , " If somebody 's gonna smoke a joint in their house and not do anybody else any harm , then perhaps there are other things our cops should be looking at , and try to clean up some of the other problems that we have in society , Palin said on the Fox Business Network .
" Relatively speaking , " it 's a " minimal problem . "
( Read more Sarah Palin stories . )
Moog Music and AC Entertainment – creator and producer of the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival , Big Ears Festival , and Vegoose – are proud to announce MoogFest 2010 , a three - day festival celebrating the innovative vision of sonic pioneer , Robert Moog , to be held Halloween weekend , October 29 - 31 , in Asheville , NC .
Confirmed artists Massive Attack , MGMT , and Thievery Corporation will be joined by over 25 additional internationally renowned artists performing in multiple venues throughout downtown Asheville , including the Asheville Civic Center Arena , the Thomas Wolfe Auditorium , and Asheville ’s renowned world - class club , the Orange Peel .
In addition to the festival ’s extraordinary musical offerings , attendees will have the opportunity to participate in workshops , engage with artists in panel discussions , enjoy visual art exhibitions , installations and film screenings , and explore their own musical creativity with a variety of Moog instruments .
The complete schedule of artists and events for MoogFest 2010 will be announced on July 27th and tickets will go on sale July 30th .
We ’ll be sure to keep you updated , and in the meantime , click here to learn more about Moog Synthesizers and check out some cool videos of different artists experimenting with them in studio .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Breaking News , Festivals
Tags : Asheville , Asheville Civic Center , Halloween , Massive Attack , MGMT , Moog Synthesizer , MoogFest 2010 , music festival , North Carolina , Orange Peel , Robert Moog , Theivery Corporation , Thomas Wolfe Auditorium
In a few weeks , an interesting trial will be getting underway in Queens Criminal Court here in New York .
The underlying incident should provide fodder for either a Lawyer of the Day or a Judge of the Day — but it ’s not clear which .
The episode giving rise to the criminal charges was reported back in May by the New York Daily News :
A disabled lawyer accused of touching the rear end of a Taxi and Limousine Commission judge is blaming it on his cerebral palsy .
Queens prosecutors have charged Hippocrate Mertsaris , 35 , with sexual abuse and sexual harassment for allegedly grabbing the woman ’s inner thigh and buttocks during a meeting in her Kew Gardens offices .
Mertsaris ’ lawyer , Wyatt Gibbons , admits his client touched the woman but denies it was sexual .
“ He whacked her in the butt but it was n’t sexual abuse , ” Gibbons said .
“ He has spastic movements . ”
Let ’s dig a little deeper ….
An account of the event that ’s favorable to Hippocrate Mertsaris , who goes by “ Chicho , ” appears over at Banned on the Web .
It ’s derived largely from an interesting Fox News video clip ( embedded into the post ) .
The segment reports that the wheelchair - bound Mertsaris has difficulty controlling his limbs due to his cerebral palsy .
He has to rely upon his father and an aide for help with the most basic tasks , such as feeding himself .
But he is able to work as a lawyer , aided by technology :
The thinking part of Mertsaris ’ brain works fine .
He moves his head to manipulate a computer .
He graduated from college and earned a law degree .
Mertsaris works as a lawyer at the Taxi and Limousine Commission .
He handles cases involving taxi drivers .
( Random aside : I ’m actually going to “ taxi court ” later this month , to testify against a cab driver who refused to accept a credit card payment or even to turn on his meter , on a late - night ride into Manhattan from JFK Airport — presumably so he could just pocket my cash fare .
If anyone has advice for me , please leave it in the comments . )
Back to the post , and the judge ’s accusations :
Last October , a TLC judge accused Mertsaris of grabbing her upper thigh and buttocks while they were in the office alone .
His aide had gone to file papers .
His arms and hands tend to flail around and that ’s where the trouble started .
When people get too close to him , Mertsaris tends to get nervous and he has more trouble controlling his arms .
He says his arm moved and hit her .
He says he did not intend to touch her .
So that ’s Mertsaris ’s side of the story — and the case for making this judge , kept anonymous because she claims to be the victim of a sexual assault , a Judge of the Day .
Accusing a disabled man who ca n’t control his limbs of sexual harassment , because his flailing arms once grazed the judicial buttocks ?
For shame , Your Honor .
( By the way , perhaps the term “ judge ” should be in quotation marks ; she ’s a mere ALJ . )
Now let ’s hear the judge ’s side of the story .
First , according to the DA ’s office , Mertsaris does have some use of his hands — or at least more control over them than he claims .
Second , Mertsaris has a history with this judge .
Two years ago , he sent the judge a series of emails — which appear to have creeped the judge out , since she asked Mertsaris ’s supervisors to make him stop emailing her ( which he did ) .
Under this reading of the situation , Mertsaris is trying to use his disability as a free pass to harass .
In the comments on the New York Daily News article , both sides of the story are presented .
Here ’s one commenter who takes the judge ’s side ( and who may have a future in rap ) :
Oh PLEEEEEZ !
Everyone knows that this PERVERT has been bizarrely OBSESSED with this woman for YEARS .
For [ fellow commenter ]
WNG and friends : Poor Chicho ’s been HOPING to go GROPING .
He got his CHANCE and imagined ROMANCE .
His physical condition ’s SAD , but this boy is BAD .
And here ’s one commenter who takes Mertsaris ’s side :
This whole thing is ludicrous .
I am ‘s sister and I can’t tell you how many times I was hit by him when we were younger .
He never once meant any harm .
He is not only confined to a wheelchair .
He needs someone to feed him , dress him , bathe him and wipe him when he goes to the bathroom .
He does n’t just need help , he actually needs someone who can do all this for him .
There are errors in the article written by DN .
This judge actually went into HIS tiny little office when the incident occurred .
She happened to go in there conveniently when his aid[e ] had left briefly to return some files .
When he hit her with an involuntary flailing of his arm she made a scene .
She started screaming for help and ran away .
How humiliating and ridiculous .
Is she mentally stable ?
Scary that she is an actual judge deciding the fate of others .
He was not in a motorized chair .
What could he do to her ?
We spoke yesterday with Mertsaris ’s attorney , Wyatt Gibbons , who confirmed that the case is set for trial on August 3 ( see also the docket ) .
Gibbons has been trying to get the DA to dismiss the charges , but without success .
“ The DA wants to go forward , so we ’ll go forward , ” Gibbons said .
We ’ll see what happens at trial ( and let you know the result ) .
In the meantime , based on what can be gleaned from the news coverage — which , of course , wo n’t be as comprehensive as the record to be developed at trial — what do you think of the case ?
Wheelchair - bound lawyer ‘ molested judge ’ ( with video ) [ Banned on the Web ]
Lawyer : I did n’t mean to touch judge ’s butt , my cerebral palsy made me do it [ New York Daily News ]
People v. Hippocrate Mertsaris : Docket [ Queens Criminal Court ]
WENN NICHTS GENUG IST
Empire Bay , 1943 .
Auf Fronturlaub vom Zweiten Weltkrieg wird Vito Scaletta in ein Leben als Verbrecher hineingezogen , weil er versucht , die fragwürdigen Schulden seiner Familie zurückzuzahlen .
Dieser Fanliebling wurde mit atemberaubend schöner Grafik aktualisiert und enthält alle Erweiterungen .
That will lave little room for growth both in economic measures and in most investment classes , Roubini said .
" There is that risk because the problems on the macro level are first in the euro zone .
Then in China there is evidence of economic slowdown ... Japan is in trouble and US economic growth is going to slow down , " he said .
" There is also regulatory risk because we do n't know how financial reform is going to occur . "
Investors then should focus on buying debt from countries that are solid economically .
" Apart from cash I would invest in short - term government bonds of countries that do n't have a serious debt problem , countries like Germany and maybe Canada , a few other advanced economies that from a fiscal point of view are sounder than the weaker economies , " he said .
As for Europe , he called fixing the debt problems in Greece and other troubled nations " mission impossible " and said tough decisions will need to be made .
" What needs to be done is clear .
We need to raise taxes and cut spending .
Otherwise we 're going to get a fiscal train wreck , " he said .
" It 's going to take years of sacrifices . "
In 2006 Roubini predicted the impending housing bust and ensuing financial crisis .
His predictions and comments are widely followed in financial circles .
Mortal Kombat 11 : Aftermath 's new Halloween costumes and their various colors NetherRealm Studios released their latest Mortal Kombat 11 : Aftermath skin pack ahead of schedule and now fans have new digs for Johnny Cage , D'Vorah , and Sub - Zero .
The All Hallows '
Eve skins effectively give the aforementioned fighters flashy new Halloween costumes just in time for the spooky season .
Now that these new Mortal Kombat skins are in our hands , we 've gone in and took a closer look at all this new pack has to offer .
Today we 're checking out the new gear pieces that come with the All Hallows '
Eve costume pack as well as all of the different color options .
Continue reading »
Akuma 's overpowered status in Street Fighter 5 is n't getting enough discussion , here 's how we feel Capcom will address him in upcoming balance changes Akuma and his extremely high power levels are topics we surely enjoy discussing here on the EventHubs Podcast , but with Street Fighter 5's next major balance update looming over the horizon it really is getting to be time for the community to express the kinds of changes they 're hoping to see .
While Champion Edition has a few sore thumbs one can point to , none are more conspicuous than Akuma .
Catalyst and I observe how the character has been performing in this year 's Capcom Pro Tour tournaments and examine some of his Swiss army knife abilities to garner an idea of how to best nerf him .
Continue reading »
Harada : Working on fighting games made us realize that increasing the health bar makes your fighting game look well - balanced The Tekken 7 Season 4 update will be launching with balance adjustments for the entire roster .
Katsuhiro Harada and Michael Murray recently discussed the benefits of upping the health totals for everyone .
" Each season introduced characters and new moves that led to high damage or wall carry .
This often decreased the strategic back and forth of a match , " noted Murray .
" That leads me to one of our other major objectives with the update .
We wanted to reduce situations where players would lose a hefty amount of health from wall combos , decreasing the number of situations where overly high damage was dealt . "
Continue reading »
Mortal Kombat 11 appears to have a high chance of Rain in the forecast Mortal Kombat 11 has more DLC content in the works , and while NetherRealm Studios remains quiet on who exactly is going to be joining the time - traveling roster , a large amount of hints suggests there 's at least one choice that 's quite a bit more likely than the rest .
Clues from series co-creator Ed Boon and other recent developments strongly point towards Rain making a grand return in playable form for the first time in almost a decade .
Continue reading »
This weird King of Fighters glitch makes Maxima look like he needs an exorcism
The early King of Fighters games are some of the most iconic in fighting game history though with that many characters and teams to juggle , there 's going to be some bugs that ended up slipping through the cracks during development .
Resident fighting game glitch master D - NO recently shared a fun bug from KOF '99 between Maxima and Whip that causes the massively tall fighter to spin like he 's been placed on a turntable .
Continue reading »
New Super Smash Bros .
Ultimate character announcement coming tomorrow Super Smash Bros. fans have been eagerly awaiting to see who will be the second character to join Ultimate 's Fighters Pass Vol. 2 , and we finally know when to expect to see more .
Nintendo announced this morning that the new character reveal for Smash Ultimate will be coming tomorrow , October 1 .
Continue reading » ,
Dan 's wildest arcade ending ever came from Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter which jokingly suggests Akuma is his father Dan Hibiki 's entire existence in the Street Fighter series is one of the most fascinating inclusions in all of fighting games considering he 's a direct parody of a rival 's iconic characters over at SNK though one of his wildest outings would come before the two company 's officially crossed over .
In Marvel Super Heroes vs. Capcom , Dan 's arcade ending suggests that Akuma is actually his father even though it 's painfully clear that 's not actually the case .
Continue reading » ,
If you have n't taken the time to appreciate Suppi 's fighting game art yet , you should definitely change that right now I 've spent the last half hour perusing through the channels of an incredibly talented artist by the name of Suppi and now cannot say enough good things about their work .
The NorCal artist has a captivating style with a good bit in the way of subtle facial details and a whole lot in the way gorgeous forms .
You 've already seen workout Chun - Li , Abel and Juri , and airborne Rouge in the banner , but just wait till you check out Zero Suit Samus twins , sun burnt Sakura , and the rest that 're awaiting in the gallery below .
Continue reading »
Javits ' Gill lands Retribution 10 times in one combo , but the mad Street Fighter 5 scientist thinks he can top it Everyone who has a Twitter and enjoys Street Fighter 5 should be following Javits as he 's constantly hitting the lab to figure out enticing new potential with characters as he thinks around corners and pushes limits to new extremes .
The subject of focus today is Gill , one of Street Fighter 5's newest character additions , and his unique Retribution mechanic .
Javits has found a way to make Retribution happen no less than 10 times in a single sequence , and he thinks he can eek out an eleventh .
Continue reading »
Image caption Traffic Pc Jamie Slater has been jailed for misconduct in public office
A traffic police officer has been jailed for having sex with female drivers in exchange for excusing their motoring offences .
Jamie Slater , 33 , of Port Talbot , was sentenced to three and a half years at Cardiff Crown Court for misconduct while in public office .
He contacted the women after stopping them and offered to let them off if they had sex with him .
Slater was dismissed from South Wales Police in December .
The court heard how the South Wales Police officer used the police national computer to access personal data on his victims .
The married father - of - two stopped six women for minor motoring offences and requested their mobile phone numbers .
He later sent the women drivers text messages asking them to meet him for sex .
The court heard Slater harassed women who refused to meet him .
Peter Davies , prosecuting , said all Slater 's victims had felt powerless to complain because he was a police officer in uniform .
" They felt powerless because you were a police officer Justice Mr Lloyd Jones
He told the court how one woman was driving with only a provisional licence when Slater asked her to stop .
He said : " He told her he would have to retain and impound the motor car she was driving .
" This caused her to be upset and she began crying . "
She agreed to give Slater her number so her car was not impounded .
Image caption Pc Slater was dismissed from South Wales Police in December
The court heard they began an affair and once met for sex while Slater was on duty and he received an emergency call on the police radio .
He then took part in a pursuit while the woman was hiding in his patrol car , the court was told .
Mr Davies added that when the woman 's husband found out about the affair , Slater looked him up on the police database and sent him taunting texts .
Another victim was pulled over for jumping a red light and was also asked to give Slater her phone number .
He later used the number to send her graphic text messages .
Mr Davies said : " She was left scared and upset and said she will never get into a police vehicle again , having lost faith in the police force . "
' Rotten apple '
Sentencing Slater , Mr Justice Lloyd Jones said he acted in " a particularly predatory manner . "
He added : " These offences were deeply stressful to the victims .
" They felt powerless because you were a police officer .
" Your activities have caused immense damage to the public confidence to South Wales Police . "
Tom Crowther , defending , said Slater was full of remorse for his actions .
He said : " It was his long - standing ambition to be a police officer and the fulfilment of a dream . "
Slater earlier admitted eight charges of misconduct in public office relating to eight different women .
Tom Davies , Independent Police Complaints Commissioner for Wales , reassured the public this was a rare case .
He said : " Slater was a disgrace to all who work for the police service and abused the position of trust a serving police officer is given . "
He added : " Slater was a rotten apple and acted alone . "
( … read in spanish )
Subscribe to Kurioso in english
There are journalistic photos that are made to inform , and others just for being photoshopped .
Because of the Madrid Metropolitan strike , a Reuters photographer catched one of those gestures , so rancid and explicit that reaches the soul .
A restlessness face of one of the affected by the public transport chaos .
This singular photo quickly spreaded through the social networks while some were getting their digital brushes ready just for finding an explanation for that gesture .
What scares the old lady ?
This is the result :
.
Some passengers cramped in the bus because the strike in Madrid Metro .
Link
.
But a meme does n’t spread without the spontaneous participation .
This are some of the photoshops - voluntary and anonymous - which came up at Twitter and I received through that network and others like Facebook , meneame and email .
If you want to participate in such singular discussion you have the comments section .
I ’ll be adding the best .
.
.
Thermonuclear War .
Kurioso
.
Gay Pride 2010 .
Anonymous
.
BP .
Korle
.
David Bisbal .
Jrmora
.
FlashForward .
Eddiedean
.
Highway to Hell .
Anonymous
.
Vuvuzela .
Íñigo
.
¿ Do you like Linux ?
Yonseca
.
Mona Lisa .
By Munch .
Eddiedean
.
Thriller .
Genko
.
Grandma ’s Rave Party .
Aguarate
.
The Thumb man .
Rodrigo
.
Jaws .
SubmundoMental
...
.
.
Thanks to @eddiedean for translating this post
The World from Berlin Is Germany 's Left Party a Threat to Democracy ?
A top court in Germany has ruled that the country 's domestic intelligence agency may monitor the far - left Left Party .
Commentators on Thursday argue that the party may have many failings , but a desire to overthrow democracy is n't one of them .
SDCC : Ultimate Comics : Thor by Hickman and Pacheco
Four - Issue Series Will Explore the Character 's Origin
In October , you should add the four - issue Ultimate Comics :
Thor series to your pull list .
Why ?
Because it 's written by Jonathan Hickman who is blowing everyone away on Secret Warriors , Fantastic Four and S.H.I.E.L.D. Oh , and if that does n't convince you , it 's drawn by Carlos Pacheco .
Check out Pacheco 's cover to issue # 1 and some character sketches below .
The series will focus on the origin of the Ultimate Universe Thor and takes place before the first volume of The Ultimates by Mark Millar and Bryan Hitch .
Hickman told Marvel.com :
" I 'm trying to steer away from the direction that [ writer ]
Matt Fraction is heading in for his run [ on THOR ] that he 's getting ready to start , " he notes .
" It 's different .
All the surprises and all the cool little nuance stuff is all plot points and I 'd hate to give that stuff away , but if you like Ultimate Thor , you 'll be happy with it . "
And as with Hickman 's other books you can expect some bonus content in each issue to help flesh out the story .
" I have a lot to do with how the book is being laid out and how it 's going to be collected .
There 's a certain kind of thematic thing that we 're going for there .
So , it 's not the same as all of that stuff that I normally do , but it's in the same spirit .
I 'm really speaking more along the lines of that there 's a presentation to the way that we 're telling the story .
Obviously , Carlos ' art is the dominant thing as it's a comic , but there are some text pieces - not big chunks of dialogue , but text pieces - that kind of mark our journey as we 're going through the story .
It 's just me screwing around as usual and trying to look at new , neat ways to lay things out . "
Harvest season is fast approaching and City Fruit is hoping that Crown Hill residents will share their bounty .
Italian plum tree .
Photo courtesy Cheryl Klotz
If you ’ve got a fruit tree that produces more than you can eat , City Fruit will donate the fruit to local food banks , community and senior centers , and childcare centers in the Crown Hill / Phinney / Greenwood / Ballard area .
The organization is looking for donations as well as people to help harvest the fruit in the Crown Hill area .
If you are interested , email Jen Mullen the harvest coordinator at crownhill@cityfruit.org .
Solid Ground is also looking for volunteers for their annual Community Fruit Tree Harvest .
They will host a volunteer orientation on Tuesday , July 27 , 6:30 pm – 7:30 pm at the Ballard Library ( 5614 22nd Ave NW ) .
June 14 , 2010  --
It has been a tough couple of months for Tony Hayward .
As the CEO of BP , the company responsible for the largest oil spill in US history , Hayward has been accused of everything from incompetence to lack of integrity .
Life is set to get a little bit tougher for the 52 - year - old Ph.D. geologist this week .
On Wednesday , he is expected to meet with President Obama for the first time since the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded almost two months ago .
The meeting is likely to be tense , given that Obama and lawmakers in Washington have made it clear they want BP to pay for the disaster .
Last week , Obama told NBC News that Hayward would not be working for him after some of comments the CEO made , and and that he was trying to figure out " whose ass to kick . "
The Coast Guard , meanwhile , sent a letter Friday to the energy company demanding that it speed up its spill containment efforts and present a plan for doing so by today .
In response to the letter , BP said it would be able to capture 53,000 barrels of oil per day by the end of June and 80,000 barrel by mid-July , according to Bloomberg News .
Current containment efforts are capturing 15,000 barrels a day .
Despite government officials ' pointed criticism of BP , the President on Saturday reportedly sought to ease concerns that the U.S. is also blaming Britain for the disaster .
He reportedly told British Prime Minister David Cameron in a phone call that " that our frustration has nothing to do with national identity " but instead revolves around " ensuring that a large , wealthy company lives up to its obligations , " according to the Associated Press .
Over the weekend , the Obama administration indicated that it wants BP to set up an escrow account to pay damage claims related to the spill .
" The President will make clear that he expects , and that if necessary will exercise his full legal authority to ensure , that BP sets aside the funds required to pay individuals and businesses damaged by this massive spill .
And that those funds will be paid out under fair , efficient , and transparent procedures administered by an independent third - party panel established just for this purpose , " a senior administration official told ABC News .
BP says Hayward also will discuss the possibility of suspending the company 's dividend payment to shareholders with the President , but the firm says there will be no decision until later this summer .
On Thursday , Hayward is scheduled to testify before the House Committee on Energy and Commerce .
" It 's going to be a grilling , " says Fadel Gheit , head of oil and gas research at investment bank Oppenheimer & Co .
He says lawmakers seem bent on publicly punishing Hayward , whether the exercise is productive or not .
" Most of the politicians are playing this game because of the midterm elections , they want to get their day in the sun . "
BP Causes U.S.–U.K .
Rift
The meetings come as U.S. relations with the U.K. grow cool .
British commentators have argued that Americans have come down especially hard on BP because it's a foreign company , and that the public outcry would have been more muted if an American company had caused the spill .
" The perception here is that the ( U.S. ) administration and 9 out of 10 commentators are distorting things by talking about ' British Petroleum , ' " says one London - based oil expert who wanted to remain anonymous .
BP stopped using the full name years ago after its merger with Amoco , an American company .
BP Bankruptcy Highly Unlikely
Some oil experts say they are also surprised at reports that the oil spill may lead to bankruptcy for BP .
They point out that the company posted a profit of more than $ 21 billion last year and generates cash flow of $ 3 billion each month .
" This is money that 's available for them to do whatever they want with , " says Oppenheimer 's Gheit .
So far , BP has spent $ 1.43 billion to clean up the disaster , and analysts at CSFB estimate that BP will probably end up spending $ 5 - $ 8 billion on cleanup and containment ; or $ 6 - $ 12 billion after factoring in Clean Water Act liabilities .
If BP also ends up suspending its dividend that would free up another $ 10 billion , says Gheit .
" BP has incredible financial flexibility , " says Gheit .
" The demise of BP is greatly exaggerated . "
BP's Men On the Frontlines
So who are the men who are shepherding BP through this crisis ?
ABC News.com took a look at the top executives on the front lines .
Their pay was calculated by Equilar , an executive compensation research firm , based on public filings .
Tony Hayward , CEO
2009 Total Compensation : $ 14.3 million .
An outspoken Brit with a Ph.D. in geology , Hayward joined BP in 1982 as a rig geologist in the North Sea .
He was thrust into the top job three years ago , after long - standing CEO John Browne resigned following a scandal involving a gay relationship with a Canadian escort .
While Hayward sometimes comes across as arrogant , those who know him says he 's friendly , smart and easygoing .
He does , however , have a penchant for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time .
One - liner : " I 'd like my life back , " he told a television reporter in June .
Angry Americans retorted that the 11 workers who died in the Deepwater Horizon fire would probably like their lives back too .
Andy Inglis , Chief Executive of Exploration & Production
Total 2009 Compensation : $ 9.7 million .
The second most powerful man at BP after Hayward , Inglis is a considered a quiet , competent manager .
With a Master 's Degree in engineering , he joined BP in 1980 and quickly climbed the ranks .
He now runs the division that produces the vast majority of BP 's revenues .
One - liner : " We do n't do simple things , " he told BusinessWeek in September 2009 , discussing BP 's risky drilling projects around the world .
Robert Dudley , Managing Director
Total 2009 Compensation : $ 6.4 million .
One of the few Americans in the top ranks , Dudley joined BP through the merger with Amoco , which he had worked for since the late 1970s .
Put in charge of tough assignments , Dudley was first charged with managing BP 's Russian joint venture earlier this decade , and is now responsible for BP 's new unit created to deal with the financial fallout of the oil spill .
One - liner : " It 's unprecedented …
And no one wants to find out more than we do why that 's happened and make sure it never , ever happens again anywhere , " he told PBS television in May .
Iann Conn , Chief Executive of Refining and Marketing
Total 2009 Compensation : $ 9.1 million .
A native of Scotland , Conn was appointed to his current post in 2007 .
He began his career with BP in 1986 , working in myriad production and exploration roles in Italy , Colombia and the U.S .
Earlier this month , Conn said BP was the best company to handle a Gulf of Mexico spill because of its large presence in the region , according to Dow Jones .
" Very few companies , if potentially any , could have amassed the fleet of response vessels we have today , " he said .
Byron Grote , Chief Financial Officer
Total 2009 Compensation : $ 11.4 million .
Grote , who holds a Ph.D in quantitative analysis from Cornell University , worked at The Standard Oil Company of Ohio before BP bought the company in the late 1980s .
He rose through the ranks to become executive vice president , exploration and production , in 1999 after the BP - Amoco merger .
He oversaw the acquisition of Atlantic Richfield Co. , another oil company , before becoming chief executive of BP Chemicals .
Grote reassured investors during a conference call earlier this month that the company was in good financial shape despite the mounting price tag of the spill .
" We 've got considerable firepower to deal with any costs , " he said .
ABC News ' Jake Tapper and Alice Gomstyn contributed to this report .
Understanding the Very Benefits on Choosing the Best Online Marketplace Service Provider
It is very possible that you are always on the hunt to find the best means to market and expose your business and it will most likely be in your best interest to make sure that you are …
In honor of Mashable 's five - year anniversary , this series is supported by IDG .
Customers are talking about your brand and products — find out what they are saying with IDG Social Scout .
Five years ago , YouTube was just getting started , MySpace was the most popular website in the U.S. , and Facebook was still limited to college and high school students .
Mobile was mostly an after - thought , as we were still more than a year away from the introduction of the iPhone and the idea of an app store .
And “ widgets ” were just starting to emerge as a way to integrate third - party apps on a website ( Newsweek would declare 2007 to be “ year of the widget ” in a late 2006 article ) .
Fast forward to today and the sites we use and the way we use them have shifted dramatically .
Facebook is closing in on Google as the Web ’s most trafficked site .
There are hundreds of thousands of mobile applications that users access across a variety of smartphones , and social media is increasingly being consumed and produced on the go .
And “ Like ” buttons have become the new form of social currency for publishers around the world .
How did we get to this point ?
Here ’s a quick look back at the last five years in social media .
The News Feed Brings It All Together
In late 2006 , Facebook introduced the news feed – a controversial concept at the time ( incidentally , there are many parallels between it and Facebook ’s most recent privacy issues ) that has since become perhaps the most important and oft - imitated feature in social networking .
It ’s hard to remember life before the news feed , but it consisted mostly of visiting your friend ’s profiles , making wall comments and perhaps maintaining a photo gallery .
For Facebook , this innovation ( and a lack of innovation by then leading social network MySpace ) is the one that established the service ’s utility and has been at the heart of its expansion since — showing you at a glance what your friends are up to on Facebook and around the Web .
Nowadays , whether it ’s Twitter , Foursquare , Flickr or yes , MySpace , the experience very much centers around seeing the most recent updates from your friends , in reverse - chronological order .
Video Emerges as Social Media ’s Perfect Compliment
A few months before the birth of Mashable , YouTube made its debut on the Web in February 2005 , making an unprecedented ascent into the mainstream consciousness .
By December of that year , it had already become the most popular video site , and by July of 2006 , it was serving 100 million video views per day ( today , it serves more than 2 billion views daily ) .
Then , in October , Google bought YouTube for a whopping $ 1.6 billion , just 18 months after the site launched .
At the end of last year , I declared YouTube the top social media innovation of the decade , as it has come to embody so much of what we now know as social media , from highly shareable content to citizen journalism to the ability of anyone with a camera to claim their 15 minutes of fame .
Social Networks Spread Their Wings
In early 2008 , a new battle in the social media space emerged – the battle over portable identity .
While OpenID had long promised a single sign - on for third - party websites , Facebook , MySpace and Google started to realize that your social networking profile had potential to be used as your identity across the Web , while at the same time enabling publishers to make their sites more social .
Facebook Connect emerged , as did Google Friend Connect and MySpaceID .
Eventually , as Twitter ’s popularity grew , they also got in the game .
Today , Facebook Connect – which has evolved into the Facebook Open Graph – is used by hundreds of thousands of websites that can add simple copy and paste code to let their visitors “ Like ” stuff ; “ Likes ” that are then pushed back into the Facebook News Feed .
MySpace and Twitter ultimately hooked up with Google Friend Connect , which is now in use on some 9 million sites .
Mobile Makes Social Indispensible
While there ’s been a running joke that it was going to be “ the year of mobile ” for about a decade , it ’s only within the last few years that smartphone use has exploded , and along with it , use of social media while not in front of a computer .
According to data published earlier this year , 30 % of smartphone users now access social networking sites from their phone ’s web browser – and that does n’t even take into account people who download apps on their iPhone , Android , BlackBerry or other devices .
Thanks to increasing mobile broadband speeds , video is also going mobile .
YouTube now serves up 100 million videos to mobile devices each day , and with more and more new phones offering video capture capabilities , we ’re also seeing smartphones become an important part of content production .
What ’s Next ?
Now that we ’ve established where we are – a social ecosystem that ’s moving beyond the walls of individual sites to mobile devices and third - party applications – the question is : what ’s next ?
Over the next month , we ’ll be exploring some of the past five years more in - depth , and concluding with a look at what the next five years hold .
Stay tuned to Mashable as we celebrate our five year anniversary !
Series supported by IDG
In honor of Mashable 's five - year anniversary , this series is supported by IDG .
Customers are talking about your brand and products — find out what they are saying with IDG 's brand listening services .
With IDG Social Scout you can listen to your prospects ’ real - time conversations and understand the nature and sentiment of the dialogue .
This information is key to help develop marketing messages and content that resonate with your audience .
Learn more about how IDG Social Scout can help you by clicking here .
More Social Media Resources From Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , AndrewLilley
[ This post is by Adam Powell , his second touchy - feely outing in just a few weeks .
I asked him to send me a better picture than we ran last time , and got this in response .
Photo by our own Romain Guy. — Tim Bray ]
Android developers concerned with targeting every last device with their apps are no doubt familiar with this chart :
On July 1 , 2010 this was the breakdown of active devices running different versions of the Android platform .
With all of the new platform features added to the Android SDK in each version , this chart has many developers shouting the F - word when they are forced to choose between integrating newer platform features and providing their app to the widest possible audience .
Savvy Android developers already know that these two options are n’t really mutually exclusive , but that straddling between them can be painful .
In this post I ’m going to show you that it does n’t have to be that way .
Several weeks ago we took a look at how to handle multitouch on Android 2.0 ( Eclair ) and above , and by the end we had a simple demo app .
That app uses features exclusive to Android 2.2 ( Froyo ) which as of this writing has n’t had a chance to reach many devices yet .
In this post we ’re going to refactor that demo to run on devices all the way back to Android 1.5 ( Cupcake ) .
If you ’d like to follow along , start off by grabbing the code in the trunk of the android - touchexample project on Google Code .
The problem manifests
The uses - sdk tag in your AndroidManifest.xml can specify both a minSdkVersion and a targetSdkVersion .
You can use this to declare that while your app is prepared to run on an older version of the platform , it knows about newer versions .
Your app can now build against newer SDKs .
However , if your code accesses newer platform functionality directly you will probably see something like this in the system log of devices running an older version of Android :
E/dalvikvm ( 792 ) : Could not find method android.view.MotionEvent.getX , referenced from method com.example.android.touchexample.TouchExampleView.onTouchEvent W/dalvikvm ( 792 ) : VFY : unable to resolve virtual method 17 : Landroid/view/ MotionEvent;.getX ( I ) F W/ dalvikvm ( 792 ) : VFY : rejecting opcode 0x6e at 0x0006 W/ dalvikvm ( 792 ) : VFY : rejected Lcom/ example / android/touchexample/TouchExampleView;.onTouchEvent ( Landroid/ view / MotionEvent ; ) Z W/ dalvikvm ( 792 ) : Verifier rejected class Lcom/ example / android/touchexample/TouchExampleView ; D/ AndroidRuntime ( 792 ) : Shutting down VM W/ dalvikvm ( 792 ) : threadid=3 : thread exiting with uncaught exception ( group=0x4000fe70 )
We broke the contract of minSdkVersion , and here is the result .
When we build our app against SDK 8 ( Froyo ) but declare minSdkVersion = " 3 " ( Cupcake ) we promise the system that we know what we ’re doing and we wo n’t try to access anything that does n’t exist .
If we mess this up , we see the above , and our users see an ugly error message .
Cue a lot of frustrated users and one - star ratings on Market .
We need a safe way of accessing newer platform functionality without making the verifier angry on older platform versions .
Stop and reflect
Many Android developers are already familiar with the practice of accomplishing this through reflection .
Reflection lets your code interface with the runtime , detect when certain methods or classes are present , and invoke or instantiate them without touching them directly .
The prospect of querying each platform feature individually and conditionally invoking it using reflection is n’t pretty .
It ’s ugly .
It ’s slow .
It ’s cumbersome .
Most of all , heavy use can turn your app ’s codebase into an unmaintainable mess .
What if I said there is a way to write Android apps that target Android 1.5 ( Cupcake ) through 2.2 ( Froyo ) and beyond with a single codebase and no reflection at all ?
Lazy Loading
Computer science researcher Bill Pugh published and popularized a method of writing singletons in Java that takes advantage of the laziness of ClassLoaders .
Wikipedia explains his solution further .
The code looks like this :
public class Singleton { // Private constructor prevents instantiation from other classes private Singleton ( ) {} /** * SingletonHolder is loaded on the first execution of Singleton.getInstance ( ) * or the first access to SingletonHolder .
INSTANCE , not before .
*/ private static class SingletonHolder { private static final Singleton INSTANCE = new Singleton ( ) ; } public static Singleton getInstance ( ) { return SingletonHolder .
INSTANCE ; } }
There is a very important guaranteed behavior at work here explained by the comment above SingletonHolder .
Java classes are loaded and initialized on first access - instantiating the class or accessing one of its static fields or methods for the first time .
This is relevant to us because classes are verified by the VM when they are loaded , not before .
We now have everything we need to write Android apps that span versions without reflection .
Designing for compatibility
As it turns out this is fairly simple to apply .
You generally will want your app to degrade gracefully on older platform versions , dropping features or providing alternate functionality when the platform support is n’t available .
Since Android platform features are tied to the API level you have only one axis to consider when designing for compatibility .
In most cases this version support can be expressed as a simple class hierarchy .
You can design your app to access version - sensitive functionality through a version - independent interface or abstract class .
Subclasses of that interface intended to run on newer platform versions will support newer platform features , and subclasses intended for older versions might need to present alternate ways for your users to access app functionality .
Your app can use a factory method , abstract factory , or other object creation pattern to instantiate the proper subclass at runtime based on the information exposed by android.os .
Build .VERSION .
This last step insures that the system will never attempt to load a class it can’t verify , preserving compatibility .
The principle in practice
At the beginning of this post I said that we are going to refactor the touch example app from Making Sense of Multitouch to be compatible from API level 3 ( Cupcake ) on through API level 8 ( Froyo ) .
In that post I pointed out that GestureDetectors can be a useful pattern for abstracting the processing of touch events .
At the time I did n’t realize how soon that statement would be put to the test .
We can refactor the version - specific elements of the demo app ’s touch handling into an abstract GestureDetector .
Before we begin the real work , we need to change our manifest to declare that we support API level 3 devices with minSdkVersion in the uses - sdk tag .
Keep in mind that we ’re still targeting SDK 8 , both with targetSdkVersion in our manifest and in our project configuration .
Our manifest now looks like this :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " utf - 8 " ?>
< manifest xmlns:android= " http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android " package= " com.example.android.touchexample " android:versionCode= " 1 " android:versionName= " 1.0 " >
< application android:icon=" @drawable/icon " android:label=" @string /app_name " > < activity android:name= " .
TouchExampleActivity " android:label=" @string /app_name " > < intent - filter > < action android:name= " android.intent.action.MAIN " /> < category android:name= " android.intent.category.LAUNCHER
" /> </intent-filter > </activity > </ application > < uses - sdk android:minSdkVersion= " 3 " android:targetSdkVersion = " 8 " /> </ manifest >
Our TouchExampleView class is n’t compatible with Android versions prior to Froyo thanks to its use of ScaleGestureDetector , and it is n’t compatible with versions prior to Eclair thanks to its use of the newer MotionEvent methods that return multitouch data .
We need to abstract that functionality out into classes that will not be loaded on versions of the platform that do n’t support it .
To do this , we will create the abstract class VersionedGestureDetector .
The example app allows the user to perform two gestures , drag and scale .
VersionedGestureDetector will therefore publish two events to an attached listener , onDrag and onScale .
TouchExampleView will obtain a VersionedGestureDetector instance appropriate to the platform version , filter incoming touch events through it , and respond to the resulting onDrag and onScale events accordingly .
The first pass of VersionedGestureDetector looks like this :
public abstract class VersionedGestureDetector { OnGestureListener mListener ; public abstract boolean onTouchEvent ( MotionEvent ev ) ; public interface OnGestureListener { public void on Drag ( float dx , float dy ) ; public void on Scale ( float scaleFactor ) ; } }
We ’ll start with the simplest functionality first , the VersionedGestureDetector for Cupcake .
For simplicity ’s sake in this example we will implement each version as a private static inner class of VersionedGestureDetector .
You can organize this however you please , of course , as long as you use the lazy loading technique shown above or some equivalent .
Do n’t touch any class that directly accesses functionality not supported by your platform version .
private static class CupcakeDetector extends VersionedGestureDetector { float mLastTouchX ; float mLastTouchY ; @ Override public boolean onTouchEvent ( MotionEvent ev ) { switch ( ev.getAction ( ) ) { case MotionEvent .
ACTION_DOWN : { mLastTouchX = ev.getX ( ) ; m LastTouchY = ev.getY ( ) ; break ; } case MotionEvent .
ACTION_MOVE : { final float x = ev.getX ( ) ; final float y = ev.getY ( ) ; mListener.onDrag(x - mLastTouchX , y - mLastTouchY ) ; mLastTouchX = x ; mLastTouchY = y ; break ; } } return true ; } }
This simple implementation dispatches on Drag events whenever a pointer is dragged across the touchscreen .
The values it passes are the X and Y distances traveled by the pointer .
In Eclair and later we will need to properly track pointer IDs during drags so that our draggable object does n’t jump around as extra pointers enter and leave the touchscreen .
The base implementation of onTouchEvent in CupcakeDetector can handle drag events for us with a few tweaks .
We ’ll add the methods getActiveX and getActiveY to fetch the appropriate touch coordinates and override them in EclairDetector to get the coordinates from the correct pointer :
private static class CupcakeDetector extends VersionedGestureDetector { float mLastTouchX ; float mLastTouchY ; float getActiveX ( MotionEvent ev ) { return ev.getX ( ) ; } float getActiveY ( MotionEvent ev ) { return ev.getY ( ) ; } @ Override public boolean onTouchEvent ( MotionEvent ev ) { switch ( ev.getAction ( ) ) { case MotionEvent .
ACTION_DOWN : { mLastTouchX = getActiveX ( ev ) ; mLastTouchY = getActiveY ( ev ) ; break ; } case MotionEvent .
ACTION_MOVE : { final float x = getActiveX ( ev ) ; final float y = getActiveY ( ev ) ; mListener.onDrag(x - mLastTouchX , y - mLastTouchY ) ; mLastTouchX = x ; mLastTouchY = y ; break ; } } return true ; } }
And now EclairDetector , overriding the new getActiveX and getActiveY methods .
Most of this code should be familiar from the original touch example :
private static class EclairDetector extends CupcakeDetector { private static final int INVALID_POINTER_ID = - 1 ; private int mActivePointerId = INVALID_POINTER_ID ; private int mActivePointerIndex = 0 ; @ Override float getActiveX ( MotionEvent ev ) { return ev.getX ( mActivePointerIndex ) ; } @ Override float getActiveY ( MotionEvent ev ) { return ev.getY ( mActivePointerIndex ) ; } @Override public boolean onTouchEvent ( MotionEvent ev ) { final int action = ev.getAction ( ) ; switch ( action & MotionEvent .
ACTION_MASK ) { case MotionEvent .
ACTION_DOWN : mActivePointerId = ev.getPointerId(0 ) ; break ; case MotionEvent .
ACTION_CANCEL : case MotionEvent .
ACTION_UP : mActivePointerId = INVALID_POINTER_ID ; break ; case MotionEvent .
ACTION_POINTER_UP : final int pointerIndex = ( ev.getAction ( ) & MotionEvent .ACTION_POINTER_INDEX_MASK ) >> MotionEvent.ACTION_POINTER_INDEX_SHIFT
; final int pointer Id = ev.getPointerId( pointerIndex ) ; if ( pointer Id == mActivePointerId ) { //
This was our active pointer going up .
Choose a new // active pointer and adjust accordingly .
final int newPointerIndex = pointerIndex == 0 ? 1 : 0 ; mActivePointerId = ev.getPointerId(newPointerIndex ) ; mLastTouchX = ev.getX(newPointerIndex ) ; mLastTouchY = ev.getY(newPointerIndex ) ; } break ; } mActivePointerIndex = ev.findPointerIndex(mActivePointerId ) ; return super.on TouchEvent ( ev ) ; } }
EclairDetector calls super.onTouchEvent after determining the active pointer index and lets CupcakeDetector take care of dispatching the drag event .
Supporting multiple platform versions does n’t have to mean code duplication .
Finally , let ’s add scale gesture support for Froyo devices that have ScaleGestureDetector .
We ’ll need a couple more changes to CupcakeDetector first ; we do n’t want to drag normally while scaling .
Some devices have touchscreens that do n’t deal well with it , and we would want to handle it differently on devices that do anyway .
We ’ll add a should Drag method to CupcakeDetector that we ’ll check before dispatching on Drag events .
The final CupcakeDetector :
private static class CupcakeDetector extends VersionedGestureDetector { float mLastTouchX ; float mLastTouchY ; float getActiveX ( MotionEvent ev ) { return ev.getX ( ) ; } float getActiveY ( MotionEvent ev ) { return ev.getY ( ) ; } boolean should Drag ( ) { return true ; } @ Override public boolean onTouchEvent ( MotionEvent ev ) { switch ( ev.getAction ( ) ) { case MotionEvent .
ACTION_DOWN : { mLastTouchX = getActiveX ( ev ) ; mLastTouchY = getActiveY ( ev ) ; break ; } case MotionEvent .
ACTION_MOVE : { final float x = getActiveX ( ev ) ; final float y = getActive Y ( ev ) ; if ( shouldDrag ( ) ) { mListener.onDrag(x - mLastTouchX , y - mLastTouchY ) ; } mLastTouchX = x ; mLastTouchY = y ; break ; } } return true ; } }
EclairDetector remains unchanged .
FroyoDetector is below .
should Drag will return true as long as we do not have a scale gesture in progress :
private static class FroyoDetector extends EclairDetector { private ScaleGestureDetector mDetector ; public FroyoDetector ( Context context ) { m Detector = new ScaleGestureDetector( context , new ScaleGestureDetector.SimpleOnScaleGestureListener ( ) { @ Override public boolean onScale( ScaleGestureDetector detector ) { m Listener.onScale(detector.getScaleFactor ( ) ) ; return true ; } } ) ; } @ Override boolean should Drag ( ) { return ! mDetector.isInProgress ( ) ; } @ Override public boolean onTouchEvent ( MotionEvent ev ) { m Detector.onTouchEvent( ev ) ; return super.on TouchEvent( ev ) ; } }
Now that we have our detector implementations in order we need a way to create them .
Let ’s add a factory method to VersionedGestureDetector :
public static VersionedGestureDetector newInstance ( Context context , OnGestureListener listener ) { final int sdkVersion = Integer.parseInt( Build.VERSION.SDK ) ; VersionedGestureDetector detector = null ; if ( sdkVersion < Build.VERSION_CODES.ECLAIR ) { detector = new CupcakeDetector ( ) ; } else if ( sdkVersion < Build.VERSION_CODES.FROYO ) { detector = new EclairDetector ( ) ; } else { detector = new FroyoDetector ( context ) ; } detector .
mListener = listener ; return detector ; }
Since we ’re targeting Cupcake , we do n’t have access to Build .
VERSION.SDK_INT yet .
We have to parse the now - deprecated Build .
VERSION.SDK instead .
But why is accessing Build .
VERSION_CODES.ECLAIR and Build.VERSION_CODES.FROYO safe ?
As primitive static final int constants , these are inlined by the compiler at build time .
Our VersionedGestureDetector is ready .
Now we just need to hook it up to TouchExampleView , which has become considerably shorter :
public class TouchExampleView extends View { private Drawable mIcon ; private float mPosX ; private float mPosY ; private VersionedGestureDetector mDetector ; private float mScaleFactor = 1.f ; public TouchExampleView ( Context context ) { this ( context , null , 0 ) ; } public TouchExampleView ( Context context , AttributeSet attrs ) { this ( context , attrs , 0 ) ; } public TouchExampleView ( Context context , AttributeSet attrs , int defStyle ) { super ( context , attrs , defStyle ) ; mIcon = context.getResources().getDrawable(R.drawable.icon ) ; mIcon.setBounds(0 , 0 , mIcon.getIntrinsicWidth( ) , mIcon.getIntrinsicHeight ( ) ) ; m Detector = VersionedGestureDetector.newInstance(context , new GestureCallback ( ) ) ; } @ Override public boolean onTouchEvent ( MotionEvent ev ) { m Detector.onTouchEvent( ev ) ; return true ; } @ Override public void on Draw ( Canvas canvas ) { super.on Draw( canvas ) ; canvas.save ( ) ; canvas.translate( mPosX , mPosY ) ; canvas.scale(mScaleFactor , mScaleFactor ) ; mIcon.draw ( canvas ) ; canvas.restore ( ) ; } private class GestureCallback implements VersionedGestureDetector.OnGestureListener { public void on Drag ( float dx , float dy ) { mPosX += dx ; mPosY += dy ; invalidate ( ) ; } public void on Scale ( float scaleFactor ) { mScaleFactor *= scaleFactor ; //
Do n't let the object get too small or too large .
mScaleFactor = Math.max ( 0.1f , Math.min(mScaleFactor , 5.0f ) ) ; invalidate ( ) ; } } }
Wrapping up
We ’ve now adapted the touch example app to work from Android 1.5 on through the latest and greatest , taking advantage of newer platform features as available without a single reflective call .
The same principles shown here can apply to any new Android feature that you want to use while still allowing your app to run on older platform versions :
The ClassLoader loads classes lazily and will only load and verify classes on first access .
Factor out app functionality that can differ between platform versions with a version - independent interface or abstract class .
Instantiate a version - dependent implementation of it based on the platform version detected at runtime .
This keeps the ClassLoader from ever touching a class that it will not be able to verify .
To see the final cross-version touch example app , check out the “ cupcake ” branch of the android - touchexample project on Google Code .
Extra Credit
Very interesting .
Pelosi Statement on ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ’ Policy
Washington , D.C. – Speaker Nancy Pelosi released the following statement in response to a letter sent this afternoon by Admiral Michael Mullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Defense Secretary Robert Gates concerning the repeal of the “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy :
“ We all look forward to the report on the review of the ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ’ policy by the Defense Department .
In the meantime , the Administration should immediately place a moratorium on dismissals under this policy until the review has been completed and Congress has acted . ”
The Reuters news agency has been accused of removing images of activists wielding weapons and bloodied and wounded Israeli naval commandos from photographs taken on board a ship headed for Gaza during deadly clashes last week .
next previous 4 of 4 | Image of an IDF soldier being attacked on the Mavi Marmara .
Credit : Reuters 1 of 4 | An image of an IDF soldier being attacked by passengers on the Mavi Marmara ship , with a passenger 's knife , the hand of a wounded soldier and a pool of blood cropped out .
Credit : Reuters 2 of 4 | The same image of an IDF soldier being attacked by passengers on the Mavi Marmara ship , with the knife , soldier 's hand and pool of blood restored .
Credit : Reuters
Nine people were killed and dozens others , among them Israel Defense Forces soldiers , were hurt when the clashes erupted as IDF troops tried to board the Mavi Marmara ship in order to prevent it reaching its destination in Gaza .
The ship was one of six vessels that made up the " Freedom Flotilla , " a convoy carrying aid that set out from Turkey in an attempt to break Israel 's blockade on the Gaza Strip .
Five of the boats in the convoy were boarded by IDF troops without incident , while passengers on the sixth fought the troops as they came onboard .
All six boats were towed by the Israel Navy to the Israeli port city of Ashdod .
Reuters on Monday rejected accusations of biased coverage , adding that it had reverted to the use of " the original set " of images , once the organization realized that the photographs it had published had been cropped .
A Reuters spokesman told Haaretz : " Reuters is committed to an accurate and impartial reporting .
All images that pass over our wire follow a strict editorial evaluation and selection process .
" The images in question were made available in Istanbul in following normal editorial practice were prepared for dissemination which included cropping at the edges .
When we realized that the dagger was inadvertently cropped from the images Reuters immediately moved to the original set as well .
This is not the first time that Reuters has been criticized for images that appear to be biased against Israel .
During the Second Lebanon
War in 2006 , the news agency admitted that one of its pictures of destruction caused by Israel 's bombing of Beirut had been altered with a computer graphics program .
Political commentator Tom Gross told Haaretz that " this isnt the first time Reuters had been caught altering photos to make them less sympathetic to Israel .
They did so , for example , in the 2006 Lebanon war . "
" Everyone makes mistakes , including journalists , but every time Reuters says it makes a mistake , it does so to Israels detriment , and this looks suspiciously like a deliberate pattern . "
" The father of Julius Reuter – the German Jew who founded Reuters – was a rabbi .
He must be turning in his grave at how Reuters is helping to stir up delegtimization against the Jewish state . "
The North Carolina Secular Association put up a billboard along the Billy Graham Parkway recently and it was vandalized within a week :
The Institute for Creation Research had put out a message that essentially said vandalism is wrong , but they can understand why someone would do it :
While vandalism should not be condoned , these recent events shed light on what some Americans will do when they feel that their freedom of speech is threatened .
I thought that was bad .
Now , WorldNetDaily is n’t even trying to hide their joy about what happened .
Here ’s what Chrissy Satterfield has to say in an article titled “ My Kind of Vandals “ :
Just when I start believing there is no hope for our country I get a little reminder from my God that all is not lost …
It ’s nice to know that I am not alone in my beliefs and that some people are still willing to stand on the right side of truth .
Never would I encourage vandalism , but in this case I think I ’ll let it slide .
Atheists have been vandalizing my beliefs for years , so it ’s about time the shoe was on the other foot .
Wait … what ?
We point out the faults of religion — on blogs , in books , during debates — and you think that gives someone the right to destroy our property ?
She ’s thrilled that the billboard was ruined :
The best part of this whole situation , though , is that these secular billboards were part of a Fourth of July project that placed similar ads in Greensboro , Raleigh and a handful of other cities –- and it totally backfired .
They underestimated their demographic , and because the vandalism occurred days before the Fourth , no one could service the billboard until after the holiday .
It ’s the small victories in life that make it all worthwhile .
Hahahahaha …. hilarious .
What else does Satterfield consider a “ small victory ” ?
Stealing candy from a baby ?
She must be getting all this from that one parable in the Bible .
It ’s the one where Jesus sees a paralytic man and then points and laughs at him .
*** Update ***:
The billboard in question was actually fixed / replaced on the Friday before the Fourth of July holiday ….
so much for a “ victory . ”
Incidentally , when was the last you heard about a Christian billboard that was vandalized ?
It happens all the time , yet it ’s never “ newsworthy . ”
Give me examples .
You say it happens all the time and provide no links whatsoever .
Atheists are always saying how offended they are by , well … everything .
How is this billboard not offensive to me ?
I ’ve said it before and I ’ll say it again : Where ’s my PC ?
And who ’s protecting my right not to be offended ?
You do n’t have a right not to be offended .
Go ahead .
Put up your own billboard ( with your own money ) .
It can say whatever you ’d like .
We might poke fun at it , or write about how dishonest or misguided it might be , or put up our own billboard in response .
But I ca n’t think of any atheists who would even think to vandalize it .
We support freedom of speech , including speech that we dislike .
In case you thought she was done making a fool of herself , Satterfield continued :
I would like to extend my deepest thanks to the man or woman responsible for this vandalism .
I appreciate the action you took .
Thank you for reminding me that I ’m not alone .
It took a lot of guts to do what you did –- and the fact that you have n’t stepped forward to take credit makes you a hero .
It shows everyone that you are more devoted to the message than you are to the spotlight .
I encourage you to keep your cover .
Do n’t give the secular world a reason to call your name ; instead , let them call for our God .
I wish I could say this was a Poe .
But it ’s not .
It ’s really what she believes — and who knows how many WND readers agree .
If a Christian group would like to respond to this tripe in a positive way , they could always pay for a new atheist billboard .
It would suggest : “ We may disagree with your beliefs , but we defend your right to believe them .
And Satterfield does not represent the true meaning of Christianity . ”
Yeah , I ’m not holding my breath for that …
It ’s incredible how anyone could defend this sort of ludicrous logic , that vandalism can be condoned if you dislike what you see .
*** Update ***: I love this comment excerpt from keddaw :
I am not happy that vandalism seems to be the only way to get an atheist ’s attention .
Here ’s how to get an atheist ’s ( or secularist ’s ) attention : * Place the Ten Commandments in front of a court house ( only two of which are actually against the law ! )
* Have a National Day of Prayer
* Place religious displays on public property ( nativity scenes etc. ) while denying any other religions ’ displays
* Have a prayer before a public meeting
* Have teacher led school prayer in public school
* Teach Creationism as a viable alternative to evolution
* Allow Judges to give different sentences based on the defendant ’s religion ( or lack thereof )
* Ban gay marriage because a Holy Book says it is wrong
* Allow teachers to use corporal punishment because a Holy Book says “ spare the rod , spoil the child ”
* Stop scientific progress in certain areas because some religions are uncomfortable with it ( stem cell research )
And any number of other thing that the US does solely because of religion when it is supposed to be a secular country .
Well put .
*** Update 2***: A few local university professors are going to be discussing the billboard defacement on the radio talk show “ Charlotte Talks ” tonight at 9:00 ET
Thanks to Michael for the link !
( Reuters ) - General Stanley McChrystal , the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan , is under fire because of comments in a Rolling Stone magazine profile in which he and aides mocked top administration officials , including Vice President Joe Biden .
McChrystal apologized but has been summoned to the White House to explain , leading to speculation that his job is in jeopardy .
Following are key quotes reacting to the flap :
WHITE HOUSE SPOKESMAN ROBERT GIBBS :
On whether President Barack Obama was considering removing McChrystal : “ I would say all options are on the table . ”
On Obama ’s reaction : “ I gave him the article last night .
And he was angry . ”
Is this a firing offense ?
“ The magnitude ... and graveness of the mistake here are profound . ”
“ General McChrystal has not called the president .
The president has not called General McChrystal .
The president asked that General McChrystal come and they ’ll get an opportunity to talk about this article face to face sometime tomorrow . ”
DEFENSE SECRETARY ROBERT GATES :
“ I read with concern the profile piece on General Stanley McChrystal in the upcoming edition of Rolling Stone magazine .
I believe that Gen. McChrystal made a significant mistake and exercised poor judgment in this case .
“ Going forward , we must pursue this mission with a unity of purpose ...
General McChrystal has apologized to me and is similarly reaching out to others named in this article to apologize to them as well .
I have recalled General McChrystal to Washington to discuss this in person . ”
HOUSE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN DAVID OBEY :
In calling for McChrystal ’s removal from command in Afghanistan , Obey said , “ If he actually said half of what is being reported , he should n’t be in the position he is in . ”
“ Anybody , including a U.S. Army general , is entitled to making a damn fool of themselves once .
But General McChrystal has n’t appeared to learn from his mistakes ...
His repeated contempt for the civilian chain of command demonstrates a bull - headed refusal to take other people ’s judgments into consideration .
That is damn dangerous in somebody whose decisions determine life and death for American troops and others in the region . ”
SPOKESMAN FOR AFGHAN PRESIDENT HAMID KARZAI :
“ The president ( Karzai ) strongly supports General McChrystal and his strategy in Afghanistan and believes he is the best commander the United States has sent to Afghanistan over the last nine years . ”
SENATE FOREIGN RELATIONS COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN JOHN KERRY :
“ I have enormous respect for General McChrystal .
I think he ’s a terrific soldier and this is a critical moment in Afghanistan .
As far as I am concerned personally the top priority is our mission in Afghanistan and our ability to proceed forward competently .
It will be up to the president of the United States as commander in chief to make the decision as to whether he and his national security staff feel that they can do that but my impression is that all of us would be best served by just backing off and staying cool and calm and not succumbing to the normal Washington twitter about this for the next 24 hours . ”
REPUBLICAN SENATORS JOHN MCCAIN AND LINDSEY GRAHAM AND
INDEPENDENT JOE LIEBERMAN :
“ We have the highest respect for General McChrystal and honor his brave service and sacrifice to our nation .
General McChrystal ’s comments , as reported in Rolling Stone , are inappropriate and inconsistent with the traditional relationship between commander - in - chief and the military .
The decision concerning General McChrystal ’s future is a decision to be made by the president of the United States . ”
HOUSE REPUBLICAN WHIP ERIC CANTOR :
“ Obviously a general and his top brass do n’t make these kind of statements without being frustrated .
So I hope that the president ’s meeting with the general will include a frank discussion about what is happening on the ground and whether the resources and the plan are there to defeat terrorists and accomplish our mission in Afghanistan .
Without question , the article in Rolling Stone raises a lot of concerns and our top priority must be to ensure that our forces in Afghanistan have what they need in order to successfully execute their mission and win the war there . ”
Ever wanted to get rid of the scourge of the web that is Adobe Flash , but still retain the ability to view Flash whenever you want ?
With ClickToFlash , you can !
Using ClickToFlash , all of those icky Flash bits that have infected most webpages on the internets are replaced with a nice , smooth gradient and the word " Flash " set in a nice , pleasing font .
When you want to view the Flash , just click on it !
The advantages of ClickToFlash are numerous .
Since Flash is n't loaded until you specifically ask for it , your CPU usage will stay at normal levels when browsing the web .
This has tons of benefits : web browsing stays speedy , your Mac laptop wo n't get as hot , and your Mac 's fan wo n't come on as often .
In fact , we guarantee * that ClickToFlash will quintuple your battery life and that it will protect those precious parts of your body on which you rest your laptop !
( * note : not actually guaranteed )
Although similar to Flashblock for Firefox and Camino , ClickToFlash offers features over and above what Flashblock offers , and it offers them for Safari .
Best among them , ClickToFlash supports viewing all those ADORABLE meowing cat videos , annoying dog videos , and hilarious rickrolls from YouTube without using Flash at all !
That 's because YouTube also offers H.264 videos , which are used when viewing YouTube on the iPhone .
With ClickToFlash , you get access to those same , higher quality videos .
Come join us !
The web is so much better without Flash .
© 2003 -2012 by Tao of Poker
The Tao of Poker is for entertainment purposes only .
Nothing written here should be taken seriously .
Introducing the campaigns interns ...
This summer , we have Steven DuBois and Danny 彭裕洪 Piccirillo as our campaigns interns .
In this , the first in a series of video blogs , they introduce themselves and some of the things they 'll be working on over the summer .
Do you have a story of police killing your dog ?
Do you want to tell your story on NORML SHOW LIVE ?
You can remain anonymous and it only takes a ten minute phone call .
Contact me at stash@norml.org .
Update : News of this raid and the video has gone viral and the Columbia Police Department is scrambling to put the spin on this .
Let them know how you feel ; vote in this local news poll on the issue :
http://www.columbiatribune.com/polls/2010/may/do-you-tink-swat-actions-were-appropriate/results/
( Columbia Daily - Tribune )
In response to widespread “ misinformation ” developing on message boards and blogs , as well as a death threat toward Columbia police officers , Columbia Mayor Bob McDavid and Burton held a news conference Thursday afternoon .
Burton said police have fielded questions from several agitated callers concerning the two dogs shot .
Some callers have received incorrect information that the corgi is the dog that was killed for being aggressive toward officers , and others told police they were told the pit bull that was killed because of its aggressive behavior was in a cage .
“ It ’s simply not true , ” Burton said .
The chief , who is personally conducting the internal investigation , walked reporters through his understanding of the incident .
Three officers shot at the pit bull , and the first missed completely , which is when the corgi is believed to have been shot in the paw , he said .
The pit bull acted aggressively toward a SWAT member again as they pushed into the home , which resulted in the animal being shot , he said .
After being shot , it moved to attack a SWAT member , which is when the dog was killed .
Here it comes : the victim was a dangerous druggie , a narcotics kingpin with a lethally aggressive pit bull .
Because two confidential informants ( read : snitches with something to gain by rolling on someone , true or false accusations be damned ) alleged he had large amounts of marijuana and a police garbage search yielded pipes and baggies with pot residue on them .
( Columbia Daily - Tribune )
“ It was unfortunate timing , ” said Lt. Scott Young , SWAT commander .
Deputy Chief Tom Dresner , former SWAT commander , has said he is confident narcotics were in Whitworth ’s residence before police entry .
Columbia police spokeswoman Jessie Haden said there sometimes was a lag between the time a warrant was issued and when SWAT could execute the warrant .
The problem was SWAT members ’ primary assignments , such as their role as beat officers or investigators , would take precedence over SWAT and they would have to work overtime to participate in SWAT operations .
So , in the police opinion , the mistake was n’t in sending automatic - weapon wielding cops into the family home , shooting up the place with a child present and killing the family pet .
It ’s that they served the warrant too late to catch the victim with what they believed to be large amounts of weapons of mass destruction , er , marijuana .
There is a Columbia City Council meeting on May 17th at 7 pm .
Blogging ’s great , but in - person protesting and activism are better .
I ’m calling on our Missouri NORML chapters to come out and demand an end to these tactics .
Click the link , join the one near you , and get involved in fighting back .
We ’ve told the story of drug war canicide – dog murder – before here on the NORML Stash Blog .
From the LAPD dog killing during dispensary raids to the Buffalo man who pleaded with cops to let him put his beloved pets in another room before cops gunned them down , and even the mayor of a town in Maryland forced to sit handcuffed near a pool of his slaughtered black labs ’ blood during a SWAT raid that turned out to be in error .
This incident in Missouri happened in February and is just one of the 100 - 150 militaristic raids on homes every day in America , most often to serve narcotics warrants , which usually means marijuana , the substance involved in almost half of all drug arrests .
But never before have we brought you actual video of law enforcement protecting us from adults smoking a bowl in their own home and serving us by executing family pets in front of small children .
( Warning : if you love your dog as much as I love Roscoe P. Coltrane , my Jack Russell terrier , scratch its belly and get to your serenity place before you view this .
It is very disturbing . )
If you notice toward the end of the video you can see what appears to be a small bong on the coffee table .
The Columbia , Missouri SWAT team sure took down a big - time drug kingpin while he slept peacefully with his wife and seven - year - old child , huh ?
( Columbia Daily - Tribune ) Police discovered a grinder , a pipe and a small amount of marijuana , Haden said .
Because the SWAT team acts on the most updated information available , the team wanted to enter the house before marijuana believed to be at the location could be distributed , she said .
“ If you let too much time go by , then the drugs are not there , ” she said .
Drug distributors traditionally have a history with firearms , which is why the SWAT team is used when executing such warrants , [ police spokeswoman Officer Jessie ]
Haden said .
If the SWAT team believed they could have executed the warrant successfully during the daytime when the wife and child were not present , they would have , she said .
Well , the “ drugs ” were n’t there , now , were they ?
But let ’s pretend they were .
Let ’s say the man was holding enough marijuana to qualify for a felony charge in Missouri ( over 35 grams ) .
Are we to understand that holding any more than an ounce and a quarter in Missouri is justification enough to send SWAT to burst into a man ’s home late at night and start firing weapons and slaughtering his pets and terrorizing his wife and children ?
And what exactly is it that made the SWAT team believe it could n’t execute a successful warrant in the daytime ?
The presence of his pit bull and corgi ( yes , these cops shot a corgi ) or that his wife and child would be away so he would n’t mind going down guns blazing to protect his lucrative marijuana empire ?
And if he had enough pot to have a lucrative marijuana empire worth shooting cops over , how exactly did he manage to get rid of it all in the few hours between daytime and that night ?
No , folks , the justification is simple : shock and awe .
These cops are taught that “ druggies ” are dangerous armed hostile mentally deranged lunatics who all emulate Tony Montana from Scarface .
Then they are taught how to dominate and intimidate and that one of the quickest ways you can do so is to show them you have the power of life and death .
And they do this as a message to all the other “ druggies ” out there that they are not safe and that they are serious about engaging the “ enemy ” and winning the “ war ” .
Radley Balko at Reason ’s Hit and Run ( a top libertarian blog ) has been following the story and promises an update from the victim ’s mother , who was present at the raid .
Jane Hamsher at FireDogLake ( a top progressive blog which has recently begun a new campaign for legalization ) , Scott Morgan at Drug War Chronicle , and Pete Guither at DrugWarRant have also been following the story .
In the end the victim pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor charge of possession of drug paraphernalia in exchange for dropping the charges of misdemeanor marijuana possession and second - degree child endangerment .
Yes , you read that right : the police burst into this man ’s home , shooting weapons in his home and killing his dog with his seven - year - old sleeping in the next room and he ’s the one who was endangering his child by smoking pot in his own home .
P.S. You ’d think the ASPCA or PETA would be all over this , would n’t you ?
I did , but found no reference to any police - shooting - dog stories on either of their websites .
I once got in contact with people in their organizations but got no interest from them on addressing these clear cases of cruel and unethical treatment of animals .
I even tried contacting Bill Maher , a high - profile PETA supporter and marijuana legalization supporter to spotlight the topic , but I ’ve never received any response .
None of these animal rights supporters seem to think a family pet has a right to be protected from police brutality if the owner is thought to be a “ druggie ” .
P.P.S. Paul Armentano reminds me that in 2004 , seven in ten Columbia , Missouri residents voted for the end of the “ arrest , prosecution , punishment , or sanction ” citizens for their medical use of marijuana , and six in ten voted for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use .
So the dog was murdered and the family terrorized over something only 30 % - 40 % of residents believe is a crime .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
California residents add 8 % Sales Tax .
All 3DFF products carry a 12 - month Quality Assurance Guarantee .
Within 12 months from the original purchase date , 3DFF will replace , exchange or fix , any part , or portion thereof , that is damaged , broken , or defective due to an inherent defect , manufacturing problem , or improper shipping / packaging , deemed to be the responsibility of 3DFF .
Beam - splitter opti-glass excluded .
All sales are final .
Always consult a professional stereographer ( 3D Expert ) before attempting to use any 3D Camera System .
About 3D Film Factory
Since 2008 we ’ve been the leader in professional , affordable 3D camera rigs and 3D production monitors .
We ’re also a full - service 3D production company that offers 3D rig rental , stereographers ‘ for hire ’ , and 3D post production , as well as , 3D training workshops and seminars .
Our veteran stereographers are some of the best in the World and they ’ve filmed stereoscopic 3D projects for major clients on almost every continent .
Our clients include Disney , ESPN , NASA , Discovery Channel , Honeywell , USC Film School and many others .
Developed by award - winning filmmakers and veteran stereographers , our line of beam - splitter ( mirror box ) and side - by - side 3D rigs offer filmmakers a viable alternative to the high - priced , behemoth 3D rigs , costing ten times as much and more .
A 3D Film Factory rig is lightweight , precise and features unlimited alignment and XYZ axis control , allowing users to create perfectly aligned 3D images .
“ Since 2008 our goal has been to proliferate 3D to ALL filmmakers , not just the James Camerons of the World “ , said company operations manager Shawn Gilmore .
“ Our goal is to make a quality 3D rig that every filmmakers can afford .
We 're succeeding , because today our 3D rigs create fantastic stereoscopic images and they ’re affordable . ”
The 3D Film Factory ’s rigs are designed to accommodate a wide range of professional HD cameras , including Red One , epic , Sony F3 & EX3 , Canon 305 ’s , 105 ’s & Canon 5D , Arri ’s Alexa , and a broad range of camcorders , compact HD cameras and all the DSLR cameras .
The beam - splitter rigs ( mirror box ) are fully adjustable , allowing users to have total control over convergence settings ( 1° to 5° ) , inter - ocular ( camera - to - camera ) distances ( 0 ” to 6 ” ) and complete yaw , tilt and roll ( XYZ axis ) , for perfect 3D alignment .
The black anodized aluminum frames are virtually indestructible , yet completely modular .
The side - by - side systems are easy - to - use , fully adjustable and offer inter - ocular distances of 30 ” or more .
At the center of the 3D rig is the mirror box with its optically engineered , 50/50 beam - splitter glass .
It ’s fully encased in high - grade , specially formulated foam plastic , that ’s light - dampening , detachable and cooler than sheet metal or carbon fiber boxes .
Finally , the entire rig readily attaches to most professional tripod heads with a simple aluminum tripod adapter ( ¼ - 20 & 3/8- 16 screws ) .
The result is the World ’s most affordable , professional line of stereoscopic beam - splitter and side - by - side rigs .
Together they make 3D shooting precise and amazingly simple .
When combined with a 3D production monitor , cinematographers can capture extraordinary , eye - catching 3D images for a fraction of the cost of other options .
Tags : 3d , 3-d , 3d rig , 3d rigs , 3d camera rig , 3d camera rigs , beam - splitter , mirror box , stereoscopic 3d rig , 3d monitor , 3d production , 3d prod , 3d production company , 3d post production , 3d post , 3d editing , hd 3d , 3d dslr , 5d 3d , canon , panasonic , sony , red , stereoscopic 3d , stereoscopic filming , 3d filmmaking , shooting 3d , how to shoot 3d , filming in 3d , 3d moviemaking , 3d training , 3d seminar , 3d classes , 3d rig , 3d video , digital 3d , 3d rig , 3d rig , 3d rig , 3d rig .
Front page photo by Kevin Westenberg
In an interview on BBC 6 yesterday , Radiohead guitarist Ed O'Brien said the band are currently in the studio wrapping up album number eight , as At Ease points out .
" It 's genuinely exciting .
It 's very different from what we did last time .
It 's really nice to be doing this , " he said , contrasting the sessions with the recording of In Rainbows , which he referred to as " a slog . "
Talking about a timetable for the release , O'Brien offered the following : " Ideally , it would be great if it came out sometime this year .
It has got to ; I hope so .
We 're at the finishing line .
When you 're making a record , a film , write a book for ages and ages you think the finishing line is miles away .
Now it feels it 's in touching distance .
But of course , it being a creative process , at the last bit also , you have bursts of energy , you achieve a lot of things in a small period of time and then you 're nearly there .
It might slow down .
But yeah , hopefully it will be a matter of weeks . "
Listen to the interview here -- it starts around the 42 - minute mark .
It ’s down to the final eight in the Electrolux Design Lab 2010 competition .
Around 1,300 designers from all over the globe entered the competition this year , with the brief being to create space - saving home appliances that would be suited to life in the heavily - populated urban environments expected by 2050 .
The finalists will present their designs to a jury in London on the 23rd of September with cash prizes and an opportunity of a six month paid internship at an Electrolux global design center up for grabs .
Will it be the virtual kitchen helmet , the gel refrigerator or the portable ultrasonic dishwasher that impresses the judges , or will it be one of the other five fantastically futuristic designs ?
The eight have been chosen from the 25 semi finalists announced in June .
Last year ’s winner - the Cocoon - was a conceptual cooker that “ created ” meat and fish and , by the look of this year ’s creations , the final eight designers have been just as forward - thinking .
Kitchen Hideaway
The Kitchen Hideaway by Daniel Dobrogorsky from Australia is a virtual - reality concept that sees you turning your thoughts about your next meal into real food .
You simply think of what you might like to eat , your thoughts are transmitted to a team of robotic chefs contained within your communal building and voila – they prepare the meal you just dreamt of – in a real kitchen with real food .
Just try not to think of a hamburger and fries too often during the day !
The Kitchen Hideaway is designed for community living
The Snail
The Snail by Peter Alwin from India is a micro induction heating concept for portable heating and cooking .
It is powered by a high - density sugar crystal battery and is designed to be attached to small cooking items such as a pot or mug .
It contains integrated sensors to determine the cooking time and temperature for certain food types and features a touch - sensitive display .
The Snail is designed for heating food in small vessels like pots and cups
Elements Modular Kitchen
Matthew Gilbride from USA , designed the Elements Modular Kitchen - an all - in - one kitchen shelving concept .
It ’s a multi-unit and surface design that allows flexible modes of cooking , refrigeration , air conditioning and lighting in a space - friendly and environmental design .
Units and surfaces are connected through wireless smart networking with solar power supplementing the wireless power when required .
The Elements Modular kitchen will connect appliances wirelessly
Bio Robot Refrigerator
There are two refrigerator concepts that made it into the finals .
The first is the Bio Robot Refrigerator by Yuriy Dmitriev from Russia .
It is four times smaller than a conventional refrigerator and uses biopolymer gel that cools through luminescence .
There are no shelves , no doors , no drawers or a motor - the food is suspended in a non-sticky , odor - free gel that creates a separate pod for easy access .
It can be hung vertically , horizontally or even on the ceiling and the items are kept at their optimum temperature by bio robots .
Pardon the pun ... but that ’s a “ cool ” concept .
Cool your food with gel in the Bio Robot refrigerator
External Refrigerator
The second refrigerator concept is called the External Refrigerator and was designed by Nicolas Hubert from France .
It is designed to be fixed on the outside wall of buildings .
During cold seasons and at night it utilizes the low outdoor temperatures to keep food at the optimum temperature .
When it ’s warm , the solar panels help to keep the food cool .
The design is simple and in keeping with the external urban environment .
The External Refrigerator utilizes the cooler air at night and during cold seasons to keep food fresh
Clean Closet
Two laundry concepts also made the final eight .
Michael Edenius from Sweden designed an all - in - one laundry concept called the Clean Closet – a cupboard that cleans your clothes .
After scanning the clothes for impurities the Clean Closet uses molecular technology to remove dirt and odors .
Kiss your washing machine and dryer goodbye , in fact , kiss your laundry goodbye – this concept uses no water and saves valuable space .
Clean Closet is designed to clean clothes without water
Dismount Washer
Equally interesting , although ( for me ) harder to comprehend , is the space - saving wash - and - go laundry concept from Lichen Guo of China .
The Dismount Washer combines a cleaning container with a laundry basket .
The laundry capsule – which is filled with dirty clothing – is placed on a wall - mounted motor or “ energy - stick ” that somehow cleans the clothes and dispenses steam to aid the cleaning process .
The Dismount Washer uses steam to help clean your clothes
Eco Cleaner
The Eco Cleaner concept by Ahi Andy Mohsen from Iran is a portable , compact dishwasher and composter .
Using ultrasonic waves it ionizes food and turns it into reusable waste .
This concept relies on two predictions – firstly , that the food of the future will come in capsule form so there will be smaller vessels used for preparing and eating food , and secondly , time for household chores will be limited .
The Eco Cleaner dishwasher cleans and composts food from cooking and eating vessels
So there you have it - eight space - saving concepts for domestic life in 2050 .
Who 's your pick to take out the Electrolux Design Lab prize in 2010 ?
DEEP WATER
OK .
Newly stern President Obama has presented BP with a $ 69 million bill for cleanup of the Gulf oil spill .
Hurray .
But wait .
On May 25 , BP sent Florida a $ 25 million “ grant ” for , well , let ’s see .
Hazmat suits , sand berms and containment booms to counter the looming threat of oily muck ?
Well , no .
Florida Gov. Charlie Crist is using the funds for an “ emergency tourism marketing campaign ” to preserve and protect , we assume , the image of the Sunshine State .
The 90 - day outreach is under way , with ad buys in USA Today , the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal , plus broadcast time on CNN , ESPN and other networks , not to mention regional print and broadcast buys targeted to 24 regional markets and 65 cities served by Southwest Airlines .
The tourist councils and development boards are pleased with what Mr. Crist ’s office bills as the “ emergency response campaign . ”
Or maybe it ’s just plain “ campaign . ”
November is just four months away .
“ Governor Crist is handling the threat of the oil spill on his state in the same way he ’s handled other emergencies .
He basks in the glow of the media , he calls a press conference to showcase himself and then moves on , ” says Alex Burgos , spokesman for rival conservative U.S. Senate candidate Marco Rubio , to Inside the Beltway .
“ This governor does not respond in the effective style of his predecessor , Jeb Bush , let me tell you . ”
BUMPER PATROL
“ BP + BO = Disaster ”
( New bumper sticker at Zazzle.com )
HOLA , AMERICA
Debate over the Arizona immigration law continues , but assorted American sentiments about the entire immigration landscape remain a constant .
A majority of U.S. voters fault the idea of “ anchor babies , ” for example .
Fifty - eight percent of U.S. voters say a child born to an illegal immigrant in this country should not automatically become a U.S. citizen , according to a new Rasmussen Reports survey .
Another 85 percent say illegals should not be eligible for state and federal benefits .
“ We began polling on this heavily in 2006 when Congress was considering immigration reform .
The voters ’ views have n’t changed .
They felt the same way then , ” pollster Scott Rasmussen tells Inside the Beltway .
“ The only thing that has changed is that people are more frustrated with the federal government .
While they ’re not mad at immigrants on a personal level , the notion that people violate the law to get here offends people on many levels . ”
Mr. Rasmussen , who conducted the survey of 1,000 likely voters June 1 and 2 , found that 60 percent of the respondents favor a “ welcoming ” immigration policy that excludes only national security threats , criminals and those who come to live off welfare .
Twenty - six percent disagree with such a policy .
“ We found that voters feel laws must be enforced against illegals , but it does n’t affect their views on immigration policy .
Americans continue to place a high value on citizenship and on obtaining that citizenship within legal means , ” Mr. Rasmussen adds .
YEAH , BABY
“ What makes a great conservative rock song ? ” asks the National Review ’s national political reporter John J. Miller .
“ The lyrics must convey a conservative idea or sentiment , such as skepticism of government or support for traditional values .
And , to be sure , it must be a great rock song . ”
Mr. Miller has assembled a list of the top 50 “ Rockin ’ the Right ” tunes that meet such parameters , all showcased in the current issue and at www.nationalreview.com.
For those already in a weekend mindset , here are the top 10 tunes , starting with No. 1 : “ Wo n’t Get Fooled Again , ” by the Who ; “ Taxman , ” by the Beatles ; “ Sympathy for the Devil , ” by the Rolling Stones ; “ Sweet Home Alabama , ” by Lynyrd Skynyrd ; “ Would n’t It Be Nice , ” by the Beach Boys ; “ Gloria , ” by U2 ; “ Revolution , ” by the Beatles ; “ Bodies , ” by the Sex Pistols ; “ Do n’t Tread on Me , ” by Metallica ; and , last but not least , “ 20th Century Man , ” by the Kinks .
BEACH READING
Let the poring begin .
A 160,000 - page opus is on its way ; that ’s about 160 times the length of the typical volume of Leo Tolstoy ’s “ War and Peace . ”
Indeed , the William Clinton Presidential Library will open the records on Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan ’s tenure at the White House Domestic Policy Council and Counsel ’s Office , this according to the Department of Archives , which notes that the records will be “ available in batches as soon as the records are processed , ” which means within the “ next few days , ” a spokeswoman tells Inside the Beltway .
Will it all be compelling , illuminating , revealing ?
Maybe .
“ The job Elena Kagan and I both had at the White House - deputy director at the Domestic Policy Council - was more of a policy - coordinator position than a policy - advocacy one , ” says Tevi Troy , who served as an adviser to former President George W. Bush .
“ For this reason , her e-mails are more likely to summarize the positions of different parties within the Clinton administration than to reveal a great deal about her own thoughts . ”
Mr. Troy adds ,
“ In addition , I am assuming that she was as careful on her White House e-mail as she has been throughout her career , which would mean that the e-mails will not have any shocking revelations .
Of course , if I ’m wrong - and there are 11,000 pages of her sent e-mails to sift through - I ’ll be as eager to read about it as anybody . ”
POLL DU JOUR
• 64 percent of Americans use social media like Twitter .
• 83 percent of those who use social media understand they are “ giving up part of their privacy . ”
• 78 percent say what they reveal in social media is “ just a snapshot , not a complete portrait ” of themselves .
• 38 percent “ aim to influence others ” online .
• 30 percent share weblinks to news articles .
• 25 percent share their political views .
• 23 percent share religious views .
Source : A Harris Poll of 2,131 adults conducted April 28 -30 and released Thursday .
• Chatter , patter , political matters to jharper@washingtontimes.com
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Live Under - 19 EURO : new schedule
A new schedule has been confirmed for the rest of this season 's tournament .
July 3 , 1985 was the premiere of Robert Zemeckis 's hugely successful Back to the Future .
Today , almost twenty - five years later , Universal Studios Home Entertainment has officially announced the Blu-ray release of Back to the Future : 25th Anniversary Trilogy for October 26 , confirming early information from European retailers ( see blu-ray.com , June 18 ) .
This edition will be newly - restored and offer more than two hours of new bonus features .
Video will be 1080 p , with an aspect ratio of 1.85:1.
Audio will be 5.1 DTS - HD Master Audio .
The discs will be single - sided BD50s .
Special features include : U - Control ( BD - exclusive ) : Setups & Payoffs :
As you watch each of the three films , each " set up " showcases items in the scene that prepare you for a future plot point .
When you get to that moment in the film , the " payoff " is shown to complete the correlation .
Storyboard Comparison : Compare key scenes in the movie with the original storyboards .
Trivia Track :
Get inside trivia and facts while you watch the movies
Q&A commentaries with director Robert Zemeckis and producer Bob Gale
Feature commentaries with producers Bob Gale and Neil Canton
Back to the Future Night : hosted by Leslie Nielson , this original 30 - minute special aired on NBC prior to the first television screening of the Back to the Future ( new , BD - exclusive )
hosted by Leslie Nielson , this original 30 - minute special aired on NBC prior to the first television screening of the Back to the Future ( new , BD - exclusive )
Tales from the Future : new six - part retrospective documentary featuring interviews with Michael J. Fox , Christopher Lloyd , Lea Thompson , Director Robert Zemeckis , Producers Bob Gale and Neil Canton , plus Executive Producer Steven Spielberg *
In the Beginning ... : Delve into the genesis of the project , casting , re-casting , the DeLorean , sets and overall pre-production .
Time to Go : Production stories through the release of the first film .
Keeping Time :
The score and the songs of the Back to the Future Trilogy .
Time Flies : Learn more about how the sequel came about , the futuristic look , the special and visual effects , recreating 1955 and more .
Third Time 's the Charm : Learn about building a western town , Doc Brown 's love story , the casting of Mary Steenburgen , the train sequence and completing the Trilogy .
The Test of Time : Back to the Future becomes a phenomenon !
President Reagan quotes the film , the Back to the Future ride opens at Universal Studios theme park and fans rebuild the iconic DeLorean .
The film 's cast and crew take a look back and discuss why these beloved movies live on .
The Physics of Back to the Future : A discussion with celebrity best - selling author and physicist Dr. Michio Kaku about the overall appreciation of the science in the Back to the Future Trilogy *
: A discussion with celebrity best - selling author and physicist Dr. Michio Kaku about the overall appreciation of the science in the Back to the Future Trilogy *
Nuclear test site ending storyboard sequence : Storyboard sequence of the original proposed ending of the film . *
Sixteen deleted scenes
Michael J. Fox Q&A
Archival featurettes : Making the Trilogy : Chapters One , Two & Three : Original 2002 DVD documentary that takes a look back in time .
The Making of Back to the Future Part I , II & III : Provides a vintage and historic first look at the making of all three films .
The Secrets of the Back to the Future Trilogy : a televised special hosted by Kirk Cameron addressing fans unanswered Back to the Future questions .
Behind - the - scenes : Outtakes Original makeup tests Production design Storyboarding Designing the DeLorean Designing time travel Hoverboard test Designing Hill Valley Designing the campaign
Back to the Future : The Ride
Music Videos : Huey Lewis and the News " Power of Love " ZZ Top " DoubleBack "
Photo galleries , including production art , additional storyboards , photographs , marketing materials and character portraits
Theatrical trailers
BD - Live
My Scenes
pocket BLU : USHE 's pocket BLU app uses iPhone , iPod touch , iPad , Blackberry , Android , Windows and Macintosh computers and more to work seamlessly with a network - connected Blu-ray player and offers advanced features such as : Advanced Remote Control : A sleek , elegant new way to operate your Blu-ray player .
Users can navigate through menus , playback and BD - Live functions with ease .
Video Timeline : Users can easily bring up the video timeline , allowing them to instantly access any point in their favorite episode .
Mobile - To - Go : Users can unlock a selection of bonus content with their Blu-ray discs to save to their device or to stream from anywhere there 's a Wi -Fi network , enabling them to enjoy exclusive content on the go , anytime , anywhere .
Browse Titles : Users will have access to a complete list of pocket BLU - enabled titles available and coming to Blu-ray .
They can view free previews and see what additional content is available to unlock on their device .
Keyboard : Enter data into a Blu-ray player with your device 's easy and intuitive keyboard .
* Denotes new footage debuting on the 25th Anniversary Trilogy
The oil spill and the food web
By Dan Brennan
30 June 2010
The ecological destruction of the oil disaster in the Gulf is perhaps most aptly embodied in the pictures of brown pelicans made lifeless by a thick coating of toxic sludge .
However , the true toll may spread far beyond these dreadful images .
Scientists warn that the gravest threat , including possible ecosystem collapse , is posed by the poisoning of organisms at the base of the food chain .
These organisms — primarily grasses in the coastal wetlands and plankton in the waters of the Gulf — form the basis for one of the most biologically rich areas in the country .
Thousands of species inhabit the region , including small and large populations of sea birds , dozens of varieties of marine mammals and reptiles , and fish stocks plentiful enough to provide a quarter of the catch in the entire country .
All these creatures , somewhere down the line , depend on primary producers to convert energy from sunlight into food .
John Caruso , an ecology professor at Tulane University , remarked in a recent interview published in Christian Science Monitor , “ The greatest threat is to the whole food chain , and the base of the food chain .
People see the big impressive animals like pelicans and the other sea birds .
It ’s a devastating sight , it tears you up when you see those poor birds covered in oil , but the real damage to our coastal ecosystem here will come from destruction of the cordgrasses . ”
Cordgrasses are by far the most prevalent vegetation in the saltwater marshes of coastal Louisiana .
In addition to generating food and nourishment for a host of organisms as they decay , the living cordgrasses are critical in holding together the coastal habitats .
Their extensive root system protects the shoreline from erosion and can mitigate the impacts of severe storms inland .
While cordgrasses can tolerate some level of oil contamination , the duration and severity of the spill could ultimately overwhelm even the most hardy of plants .
“ If the oil lingers in heavy concentration for any length of time and gets into the soil , then damages that below - ground portion of the plant , there is a pretty good chance that the plant will die altogether , ” Mike Materne , a plant specialist with Louisiana State University AgCenter , said in an interview in early June .
The US Geological Survey estimates that in Louisiana alone , approximately 30 square miles of wetlands are lost annually .
Almost 2,000 square miles of wetlands have disappeared since the 1930s .
The combined effect of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and the ongoing oil disaster threatens to accelerate the already tremendous rate of decline .
Parallel to the cordgrass , microscopic phytoplankton are the primary producers in the marine ecosystems .
Near the Gulf Coast and in the saltwater marshes , various types of single - celled algae predominate , thriving in nutrient rich waters and consistent sunlight at shallow depths .
Dr. Sibel Bargu Ates , an assistant professor and specialist in plankton ecology at Louisiana State University , explained that the phytoplankton can take up chemicals from the oil and the dispersants directly on the surface of the organism or inside their cells .
The immediate impact on the phytoplankton depends on a number of factors , including the particular species affected .
Some species show a proclivity towards oil , while others are killed off by it .
This in itself can have a significant impact by changing the entire dynamic of the ecosystem , Dr. Ates explained .
Another important impact occurs as larger organisms feed on the chemical - stained phytoplankton .
“ The zooplankton or whatever else consumes them , ” Dr. Ates told the WSWS , “ can be negatively impacted , all down the line . ”
In certain organisms , the toxic chemicals tend to accumulate , therefore those at the top of the food chain ( sea birds , large fish and aquatic mammals ) face a significant risk from their food stocks .
The zooplankton , scarcely visible creatures including larval stage fish and other sea life , though higher on the food chain , are important food sources in themselves .
Scientists have observed zooplankton feeding on dispersed oil particles , according to Congressional testimony of Dr. Carys Mitchelmore , an associate professor at University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science .
Dr. Mitchelmore summed up the threat , “ If [ phytoplankton and zooplankton ] are removed then higher trophic level organisms simply will not have food to eat and will ultimately suffer reduced growth , reproductive output and eventually death .
Therefore , dispersants and dispersed oil do not have to directly affect an organism for them to have serious repercussions . ”
The complexity of the marine food web interactions , combined with the unprecedented scale of the spill and novel use of chemical dispersants , makes it nearly impossible to pinpoint the exact impact that the oil spill will have , even months into the ongoing disaster .
However , the longer the spill goes on , the higher the risk that despite the knowledge gaps , the ecological devastation will be revealed for all to see through the disappearance of entire ecosystems .
Canadian Banks Doing Fine !
( In Related News , Canadian People Getting Fucked By Canadian Banks )
( I am aware that a lot of this post applies to other countries as well , and banks in general . )
I ’m completely disgusted with hearing about how terrific Canadian banks are doing .
You want to know who ’s not doing so well ?
Canadian people !
You know why ?
Because they are having every penny squeezed out of them by Canadian banks .
Canadian citizens , faced with insurmountable monthly costs , are being forced to go into record levels of debt to … you guessed it , Canadian Banks !
The banks and financial experts tell the newspapers and media that this is because we are all freewheeling and dealing , blowing cash on anything we can , just for the hell of it !
The truth is this :
The cost of living in cities like Vancouver and Toronto is so ridicuously out of proportion with what the people in those cities actually earn it is staggering .
People ca n’t make rent , they have to borrow money , they go into debt .
They want to go to school to obtain an education and get a better paying job , they have to borrow money , they go into debt .
This is n’t some nation wide frat party .
This is people just trying to exist .
But all you see in the news is report after report about how strong our economy is , and how well our banks are doing .
How we ’ve “ weathered the storm ” and what a shining example we are for the rest of the world .
If we actually think we ’ve avoided the kind of total economic collapse that has rocked the rest of the world , it ’s time for a serious wake up call … we may be a little behind , but the crisis is coming to Canada .
First of all , the housing market will crash , that much is inevitable .
Do n’t believe me ?
See if you can tell the difference between a Vancouver crack shack and a million dollar mansion .
So that will cripple construction , hammer the banks and real estate … and generally devastate many a profession based around this hyper inflated market .
Then there ’s the little fact that these levels of “ personal ” debt ( you know , that of real , actual people , not just institutions and governments ) are 100 % unsustainable .
Here ’s the reality of our economy : A dual income couple with no dependants living in a one bedroom apartment , can just barely make rent with a little left over for food and transportation to and from work .
In order to pay bills and BREAK EVEN ( that ’s no extra cash for anything , no savings , no paying off of debt , no visits to the dentist … we ’re talking basic existance here ) they HAVE TO go into debt , with the hopes they will one day make more money in the future .
They wo n’t .
Why ?
Because employers are routinely and systematically stripping away whatever is left of the dignity and decency of their employees .
Increasingly , you see job postings offering less and less money , with more and more qualifications and experience required .
How exactly is someone paying off a 4 + year degree supposed to survive on $ 12/hr ?
More credit and debt of course !
Gotta keep those banks well paid .
We ’re told we should feel lucky to have any work at all .
Meanwhile , employers are hacking away at any semblance of workers rights , acting as if a lunch break or paying for holidays is optional in this country .
They think they can not pay overtime and fabricate lies to take money off of paycheques .
They are demanding outlandish hours with no notification of how many days , or how many hours , you will be working .
Or perhaps they ’ll offer you 20 hours a week at minimum wage and then have the audacity to demand you are available every day , for weeks in advance , when they only post the schedule one week in advance .
They try to control your home life and ‘ extra - curricular activities . ’
They have no respect for you as an individual , and the work force remains silent , passively accepting the worsening conditions because they should just feel lucky to have a job , right ?
Shut up , put up , and take it Canada .
You know why they believe all of this ?
Because they are right .
They can and will get away with anything they want .
You know why they behave this way ?
Because they can .
They know they are winning , and we are losing , and we wo n’t fight back .
We have no means to do so .
The laws are shifting more and more in favor of the businesses and the banks , because we , the actual people , have no voice .
No one speaks for us .
No one cares about us .
Which is funny considering …
WE ARE THE COUNTRY !
This is OUR country .
“ We ” is not some fringe group of outcasts .
“ Workers ” are not a small portion of the population .
This is not the middle ages .
We are not serfs .
We are not slaves .
But only if we do n’t allow ourselves to be .
Right now , we are slowly being enslaved with the same ancient methods used by many oppressive civilizations of the past , and no one is saying a word .
Sure , our ‘ leaders ’ will carve out a nice little bit of rhetoric for us in one of their speeches , but it never translates to anything meaningful .
We are just bags of flesh whose only purpose is to pay every cent of our wages to the bank .
Do n’t fool yourself , your rent does n’t go to the landlord , it goes through your landlord , straight to the banks .
The banks get it all in the end .
That ’s why they ’re doing so well .
We get nothing .
We get to exist , barely , as if we should be grateful that these rich , evil institutions allow us to do so .
Grateful that they have a constricting choke - hold on our lives .
Make no mistake , we will never be truly free again as long as they continue to do so .
People would much rather lash out at anyone who dare criticize and make obvious observations , regurgitating what they hear on the news .
They say the problem is that we ’re all out buying new houses and yachts and cars because of low interest rates .
We ’re all reckless , freewheeling spenders .
The reality is that they are , and we are taking the blame .
We have been successfully divided and conquered .
The average citizen blames other citizens .
They lash out at each other , dismissing any criticism of how the banks are operating as ludicrous .
No newspaper or magazine dares report the truth of what real Canadian people are going through … they are all owned by big businesses who are owned by the banks .
They say what they are told to say .
They blame the greedy consumer .
There is no reporting of the real struggles of real people .
There is no article on people having their rent increased by $ 50 to $ 100 a year while their wages stay the same .
There is no talk of desperate people having to take out loans to pay for dental work because their benefits were severed and their wages slashed in half .
There are no articles on abusive employers and students being manhandled and burdened with massive debt loads straight out of high school .
There is only distractions , more blame piled onto the overworked and underpaid Canadian just trying to survive .
There is talk of a farcical ‘ jobless recovery ’ and ever more news , that the banks are doing just fine with all our money .
At least someone is doing fine with it , because the Canadian people , are not .
July Fourth is right around the corner !
Summer ’s hottest holiday will no doubt call for backyard barbecuing , fireworks , and maybe even a dip in the pool .
Here ’s how to throw a little green into your mix of red , white , and blue this Independence Day .
1. Ditch the Disposable Party Ware
They ’re popular and easy .
Disposable plates , cups , and utensils may seem convenient for parties with a lot of guests .
The down side : they ’re not so convenient for the environment .
Show your pride in America the Beautiful and use normal tableware that can just be washed and reused for your July Fourth get - together .
Or , why not try the “ bring your own plate ” theme ?
The hodgepodge of different plates can serve as talking points at your party .
An added bonus :
Turn it into a plate swap : Bring your own plate and leave with a different one .
A similar concept works for glassware .
Instead of charging a “ keg fee , ” a party - goer ’s ticket is his or her own glass or reusable cup .
Skip the plastic utensils and straws , which are n’t recyclable and are an environmental hazard .
Thinking party favors ?
What about reusable bamboo sporks , travel sets , or reusable straws that your guests can take home .
Use it for the meal and send them on their way with an eco-friendly gift !
You can also turn the use of ordinary tableware into a game .
Ask the youngest kids at the party to make sure that there are always clean plates and silverware for guests .
They will turn the monitoring of tableware into a production line , hunting down , washing , and returning utensils to the food table for the next use .
Reward the “ Clean Team ” with a special dessert .
2. Get Outside !
Reduce your party ’s energy usage by hosting it outside — perfect lighting , temperature , and a green setting .
If it ’s not too hot , host your barbecue at midday when the light is bright and fills your crowd with energy .
Or fight soaring temperatures and take advantage of the cooler evening weather .
Skip the electric lights with your own DIY Mason Jar lighting .
And if you ’re worried about mosquitoes , check out these recipes for all - natural bug spray .
You can enjoy being outside without using toxic bug repellants and reduce the energy costs of using indoor facilities .
3. Use Propane for Grilling
Before diving into this one , we want to point out that we are not trying to step on any grillmaster ’s toes .
The debate between charcoal and propane is a tough one :
Which one produces more flavor ?
Which is cheaper , faster ?
And most importantly , which is more eco-friendly ?
We consulted a recent study by Environment Impact Assessment Review to answer this one .
Drum roll , please …
According to the study , “ the overwhelming factors are that as a fuel , LPG ( liquefied petroleum gas ) is dramatically more efficient than charcoal in its production and considerably more efficient in cooking . ”
The two grilling methods were defined by their overall footprint , with charcoal using 998 kg of CO2 , almost three times more than propane , which weighed in at 349 kg .
ScienceDaily reported that as fuel , LPG is “ dramatically more efficient than charcoal in its production . ”
When purchasing a propane tank , make sure there is a trade - in option .
Most retailers will let you bring in an empty tank in exchange for a decent discount on your next tank .
4. Save ( and Reuse ) Your Decorations
If you ’ve hosted Independence Day celebrations before , you know the décor is often the same : streamers , party favors , and table toppers all in bold red , white , and blue .
Sadly , most people often use these decorations once and then throw them out .
But they can be reused year after year !
So , this year , after the party ’s over , take the time to store and save your decorations .
You or someone you know can use them again next year , which keeps them out of the landfill .
Better yet , skip the purchased decorations entirely .
Ask your guests to dress in red , white , and blue clothing , or decorate your table with colorful flowers .
If you ’ll have kids at the party , get them busy coloring or painting their own red , white , and blue masterpieces with a patriotic theme .
5. Opt for Greener Fireworks
Fireworks are hardly an environmentally friendly activity , but they ’re an unwavering Fourth of July tradition .
If you ’re setting off your own fireworks this year , be sure to ask for fireworks rich in nitrogen .
They often cost a bit more but produce less acrid smoke in the environment .
Another option is to gather your group and go see your local fireworks display .
It ’s a great way to see a much larger fireworks show and prevents you from harming the environment with your own personal display .
6. Gather in Groups
Spread the benefits of your energy use this July Fourth .
This may seem like a no - brainer for such a popular holiday , but the larger a group you gather ( preferably outdoors ) , the less energy you use at individual parties that may take place indoors .
Plus , the more people to help prepare and purchase food , the less of a cost it is to each individual .
Just make sure your fellow party goers know these green tips !
7. Use Large Water Containers
Plastic water bottles may be convenient , but they create more waste and may even be detrimental to your health .
In lieu of individual plastic bottles , store water for your family or guests in large containers so they can re-fill their reusable water bottles or cups .
If you must use plastic water bottles , be sure to have a clearly marked receptacle where your guests can place the empties for recycling
8. Reduce , Reuse , and Recycle
So , you ’ve skipped the disposable tableware and reused your decorations from last year but there ’s still bound to be beer and soda cans , juice boxes , and wine bottles .
So be sure to put out clearly marked recycling containers at your party .
If you did opt for disposable dinnerware , remember that many plastic plates and cups can be recycled .
( Most recycling companies wo n’t accept utensils or straws , though . )
Paper plates will have to be thrown out or composted due to food residue .
If you ’re unsure about recycling specific materials in your area , we ’ve got you covered .
Use Earth911 Recycling Search to find local recycling centers for common party waste like aluminum cans , glass bottles , and plastic bottles .
Editor ’s note : Originally published on July 21 , 2010 , this article was updated and republished in July 2018 .
Feature image courtesy of Daniel Parks
You Might Also Like …
U.S. Deputy Marshals escort 6 - year - old Ruby Bridges from William Frantz Elementary School in New Orleans in November 1960 .
The first grader was the only black child enrolled in the school .
Years earlier , a landmark legal decision that led to integration of U.S. public schools was triggered by a Kansas welder ’s desire for his daughter to attend a whites - only school closer to home than the school for blacks .
Brown v. Board of Education took three years to reach the Supreme Court , where it was argued by Thurgood Marshall , chief counsel for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and future justice of the Supreme Court .
The case would affect more than whether students could attend schools close to home .
When the court unanimously ruled on May 17 , 1954 , in favor of Brown , it ended years of school segregation authorized by an 1896 Supreme Court decision that found “ separate but equal ” facilities for the races were constitutional .
As Southern states and counties resisted integrating schools , enforcement would absorb federal resources .
( © AP Images )
Oh sure , we should n't be getting all that aroused about an age - old technology , but given the massive video quality improvement -- clearer picture with more tolerable lag -- and the aforementioned affordability of mobile data , it seems like 3G video calls might be able to make a comeback .
That said , with each minute of Fring video sipping up about 1MB , do watch out for your carrier 's fair use policy .
We 're sure you kids will behave , anyway .
Special thanks to Sam Sheffer for additional work on this hands - on .
Video : Airship fish
Is it a bird , is it a fish ?
( Image : IOP / EMPA )
The next time you ’re at a music festival and see a giant rainbow trout swishing around in the sky , there ’s just a chance you might not be intoxicated .
Instead , it might be materials scientists from Switzerland testing their latest invention : an airship that moves like a fish .
Of course , they call it the Airfish .
The 8 - metre-long helium - filled prototype glides through air as a fish swims through water – by swishing its body and tail from side to side .
As well as moving more gracefully than a conventional blimp , the Airfish is also much quieter and cleaner because it does n’t require the fume - belching engines and noisy propellers normally used for mid-air manoeuvres .
As such , TV broadcasters might favour it for capturing aerial footage of music and sports events , the team suggests .
Advertisement
Christa Jordi and colleagues from EMPA , the Swiss federal laboratories for materials testing and research in Dübendorf , replaced traditional airship propellers with long artificial muscles strapped on each side of the blimp .
The muscles are made from an acrylic polymer with carbon electrodes deposited on either side : when a high voltage is applied across the electrodes , establishing a strong electric field across the polymer , the electrodes are attracted to each other – physically compressing the material and forcing the Airfish to flex .
Alternate the voltages applied to each polymer muscle and the contractions will make the airship sway like a fish .
Put some more membranes either side of its hinged tail , and it can swish it back and forth .
Trout action
“ We needed to mimic a fish that ’s a versatile swimmer , not one that ’s a specialist in fast acceleration or high manoeuvrability , ” says Jordi .
“ So we chose the rainbow trout because it is a bit of a generalist . ”
The team programmed software to control the power to each muscle and mimic the rhythm of the trout ’s motion , and ran it on a computer slung alongside lithium - polymer batteries in the gondola beneath the airship .
In tests ( see video above ) they found that the motion of the body and tail combined made the airship move forward at half a metre per second , with roughly half the speed supplied by each mechanism .
“ That ’s a slow walking speed , ” says Jordi .
“ And it ’s interesting because you might think that all its speed comes from the undulating body – but we showed that ’s not the case by running the body and tail alone and then together . ”
She thinks the design ’s quiet operation has potential for stadia and at gig arenas ; other applications could include surveillance or animal observations .
But first they need to improve their flying trout ’s muscles , which currently wear out after a couple of months .
They plan to try a hardier polymer made of silicone with silver electrodes instead .
Elegance aloft
Dan Speers , president of Mobile Airships in Brantford , Ontario – a Canadian supplier of blimps used to carry adverts or cameras at outdoor music events – is impressed with the design .
“ It is a very elegant - looking airship , with a great aerodynamic shape , ” he says .
“ Using a system that does not require gasoline is always a plus , as it cuts down on air and noise pollution . ”
Practically , however , the design faces many problems .
“ In an arena or stadium - like setting , there are other confounding factors that need to be addressed – such as wind currents , ” Speers says .
Journal reference : Bioinspiration & Biomimetics , DOI : 10.1088/1748-3182/5/2/026007
CNN foreign affairs analyst Fareed Zakaria has made an unusual foray into commentary , criticizing the US press for its focus on questioning President Obama ’s emotional reaction to the spill .
It was evidently the president ’s comment last week that he ’s trying to figure out “ whose ass to kick ” over the oil spill that convinced the host of Fareed Zakaria GPS that the media is “ trivializing of the presidency into some kind of national psychiatrist - in - chief . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Have we all gone crazy ?
I do n’t mean you , I mean us , the media , ” Zakaria said in a special comment on CNN .
“ In dealing with a serious problem involving technical breakdown , engineering malfunctions , environmental fallout and regulatory mishaps , the media has decided to hone in on one issue above all others : Presidential emotion .
The overriding need of the hour , we have decided , is not a clean - up plan , not a regulatory overhaul , not a new energy policy , but the image of the president visibly enraged . ”
Zakaria continued :
What exactly is the point of all this ?
What purpose would be served by having the president scream or cry or whatever it is he ’s supposed to do to show emotion ?
Would it plug the hole ?
The truth is that what ’s happening in the Gulf is a terrible tragedy but there is very little the federal government can do in the short term to actually stop the spill .
This whole discussion is a terrible example of how the media can trivialize political discussion .
The presidency is a serious job , the most serious job in the country .
And here we are , asking the man to dress the part , to play - act emotions , to give us satisfaction by doing something , even if it ’s all phony stuff just designed to give the impression of action .
And we ’ve managed to succeed … .
The federal government is now consumed with pretending that it is doing something about a situation it actually cant do much about .
Meanwhile , the economy is showing dangerous signs of slowing , the European debt crisis is getting worse , our allies in Asia are outraged that the president canceled his trip once more , the Chinese military is flexing its muscles and Iran and North Korea continue to defy the world .
But thank goodness the president is now talking about kicking some ass .
While the president ’s every move in the oil spill has been scrutinized by antagonistic news sources such as Fox News , the obsession with the president ’s emotional reaction has spilled over into the more sober news sources as well .
In late May , the New York Times ‘ Maureen Dowd referred to Obama as “ President Spock ” over his detached demeanor in the weeks after the oil spill became news .
That the issue is a red herring distracting audiences from the real problems involved has not been lost on the White House .
“ Pounding on a podium is n’t going to fix a hole in the ocean , ” White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said last week , adding he believed the president would ultimately be judged by “ results ” rather than his emotions .
ADVERTISEMENT
In an interview on the CNN Web site , Zakaria suggests that things have changed for the worse in American political discourse , pointing to the fact that the media did n’t make similar demands of President George H. W. Bush when the Exxon Valdez disaster happened on his watch .
“ I do n’t believe George H.W. Bush … ever even went to the area in the first few months . …
There was no requirement that the president seem to be somehow actively engaged on a minute - to - minute basis in a situation that was clearly a spill by an oil tanker , ” Zakaria said .
Zakaria added : “ What worries me is that we have gotten to the point where we expect the president to somehow magically solve every problem in the world , appear to be doing it , and to reflect our anger and emotion .
This is a kind of bizarre trivializing of the presidency into some kind of national psychiatrist - in - chief . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video appeared on CNN ’s Web site June 12 , 2010 .
These platforms are just there in the middle of dockyards and on the backs of trains for no other reason than for you to do this cool game thing .
Every time that I saw one , I groaned as I was snapped out of the story by its iron fisted lack of subtlety .
ROUEN , France ( Reuters ) - A French convict who killed his cellmate and ate his lung was sentenced to 30 years in prison on Thursday .
Nicolas Cocaign and Thierry Baudry had a fight when Cocaign asked Baudry to wash his hands after he had used the toilet during the night of January 2 , 2007 .
Cocaign strangled Baudry and cut open his chest with a razor blade .
Thinking it was the heart , Cocaign then ripped out a piece of Baudry ’s lung and ate part of it raw before cooking the rest .
“ What I did , I liked doing , ” said Cocaign , 37 , who has a shaved head and whose face is covered in tattoos .
He will have to serve at least 20 years of his sentence .
Aware of his impulses , Cocaign had requested psychiatric help in 1998 and asked to be placed in isolation in 2006 .
“ It ’s exceptional to see a psychologically disturbed person say : I have to be treated , ” said defense lawyer Fabien Picchiottino , noting the “ failure of the psychiatric , penitentiary and social system . ”
TV Reviews
All of our TV reviews in one convenient place .
Prev Next View All
Plain Jane is all about how a British woman turns a girl I would give my eyeteeth to date into a girl just like every other girl .
There 's a scene where show center Louise Roe , the aforementioned British woman , straps a shock collar onto the girl she 's trying to transform from plain Jane into sexy swan ( or whatever ) and sends her out to talk to guys in a dog park .
At first , she 's talking to guys sarcastically , cracking jokes and bending down to pet their dogs , but then Louise keeps shocking her .
Do n't be sarcastic !
Do n't bend down !
We are not on our knees here !
Here 's the thing , though : A witheringly sarcastic girl who pets every dog she comes into contact with ?
I LOVE that girl .
I MARRIED that girl .
By the episode 's end , she 's got some of her essential soul , but she 's been made to be every guy 's submissive dream .
She 's less interesting .
I get that society is all about the triumph of conformity , but good Lord , The CW .
Advertisement
Our heroine — named Cristen , if you must know — has embarked on this journey because she 's had a crush on a guy named
Ty since college , and she does n't know how to tell him this .
" Oh , hey , Ty , would you like to go on a date sometime ? " is just too tough , I guess .
So she 's called in Louise to help her overcome her fears and gain confidence , and at the end of the process , she 'll go on a blind date with Ty and declare her intentions toward him .
This is a pretty basic self - improvement reality show with a side twist of the old - fashioned Princess Diaries transformation scenario , and I get why that 's appealing to people .
Hell , I enjoy the shit out of transformation scenarios .
The idea of someone becoming someone else is vaguely unsettling to me , and I like the way these shows do n't realize that what they bill as a " good thing " is almost always kind of scary .
But Plain Jane repulsed even me .
I 'm about to spoil the ending of Plain Jane .
I know you 're shocked .
Ty has always liked Cristen .
He had a crush on her in college .
HE HAD A CRUSH ON HER WHEN SHE WAS SARCASTIC , DOG - LOVING GIRL .
But the two were both too shy to ever bring it up with each other , so this resulted in a completely unnecessary confidence - boosting exercise ( complete with elaborate She and Him infused soundtrack ) constructed entirely to give Cristen the confidence to tell Ty that she liked him .
But she could have been dating him years ago , without having to receive zaps from a shock collar and the withering disdain of a British person if she had just gotten up the gumption to tell him .
The final moment in the episode is a montage of photos of the two 's current relationship , and in every single one of them , Cristen has retreated from the " lessons " she learned on the show , returning to hoodies and blue jeans and tennis shoes .
The one change she 's made to her overall look is that she wears her hair down more , and I could have friggin ' told her to do THAT .
But in the photos , it 's clear that Ty pretty much adores her .
As well he should !
She 's winning and cute and funny .
She did n't need all of the other bullshit .
Advertisement
I 'd give the show complete props if it grasped the irony of all of this , the fact that its transformation element was completely unnecessary and could have been completely replaced with Louise sitting Cristen down in a chair for a few hours and repeating , " The worst thing he can say is no " to her over and over and over .
But it seems a little oblivious to the fact that everything it did to this girl was unnecessary .
She did n't need to wear a shock collar to get a confidence boost .
She did n't need to put on a pretty dress and learn that she has pretty nice boobs with the right top .
She just needed to be forthright and , indeed , be herself .
I get that this is a big problem for a lot of people — both men AND women — but the show really seems to think that the reason the two got together was because it slapped an expensive dress on Cristen and gave her shock collar confidence training .
The screener
The CW sent out for this was around 15 minutes short of something that would actually air on TV , so rather than pre-review it , I diligently waited around for the actual broadcast to see if the show was at all self - aware .
Instead , the additional minutes were mostly filled with lengthy montages .
Montages of Cristen having makeup applied .
Montages of Cristen 's old and new wardrobe .
Montages of Cristen getting her hair done .
( Though one thing the show cut out from the old version was just how uninterested her hairdresser sounded in her constant babble about the guy she 's had a crush on since college .
Even HE knew it was time to push the button and see what happened . )
The whole thing was lengthy chick lit porn , with the idea that if you got picked by just the right reality TV show , you , too , could be the heroine of a Jennifer Weiner novel ( only a Weiner novel totally would have gotten the irony ) .
Advertisement
It is entirely possible that I do n't get how hard it is to be on the dating scene because I 've been with the same woman for a while and never had trouble talking to girls before that because I 'm a. ) from a small , rural area and b. ) delusional .
It 's entirely possible that I do n't get how hard it is to put yourself on the line with a guy you 've been so obsessed with for so long that even your friends ' eyes glaze over when you talk about him .
And it 's entirely possible that I do n't get how hard it is to live in this society as a woman , where every other image you see suggests to you that you are just not good enough to find some sort of lasting love .
But you know what ?
I 'm going to make this confidential to ALL WOMEN : You are great .
Really .
I 've liked just about every one of you that I 've ever met on one level or another , and the few that I 've disliked have had a tendency to skew more toward the pretty ones you all seem to aspire to be than toward the unattractive ones you fear you are .
I know that most of you know this because most of you are strong and confident and happy with your lives .
Most of you are happy to be goofy and sarcastic and dog lovers .
But there must be a vocal minority of you who are n't that way because shows like this keep popping up , and they 're always just successful enough to suggest there should be more shows like this .
So I 'm just going to say this , once again : The last thing Cristen needed was a makeover .
The first thing she needed was someone to tell her how awesome she was as is .
Now , in a roundabout , totally ass - backwards way that makes me hate television and the human race , she has that .
Everybody else ?
You do n't need a TV show or British person to tell you that .
I only give F's to shows I find base and offensive .
Plain Jane is selling a fantasy , sure , but it's also selling the idea that the only way to find true happiness is to embrace that fantasy .
And , worse , it does n't seem at all aware of just how ridiculous it sounds saying this with a straight face .
Advertisement
Stray observations :
I once met a girl who was in her husband 's e-mail to get some information for the hotel they were staying at on a vacation and found out he'd been corresponding with the show What Not to Wear about giving her a makeover .
She was n't sure how to feel about it .
Hell , I have no idea how I 'd feel about it if I found out my wife was going to enter me on … well , I do n't know if there 's an equivalent reality show for guys .
I also had a friend on A Makeover Story once .
That went better all around .
Next week on Plain Jane : A totally kick - ass girl who dresses like a crazy person gets turned into a straight - haired beauty who exclusively wears dresses .
COME ALONG FOR THE FUN .
There ’s no question that BP has lied extensively over the past few months about the growing Gulf oil disaster .
The company has bullied journalists , fudged numbers , and even deployed fake journalists to the Gulf to write about how everything is fine .
Now BP may be literally trying to cover up oiled beaches by dumping sand on top of them .
The video below , filmed by Judson Parker of Save Our Shores Florida , purportedly shows oil sandwiched between two layers of different types of sand .
According to Parker , local deputies confirmed that BP dumped sand onto the Grand Isle , Louisiana beach and attempted to smooth it over .
But Wayne Keller , the Executive Director of the Grand Isle Port Commission , does n’t know anything about it .
“ I ’m not aware of that being done anywhere on Grand Isle , ” he tells FastCompany.com .
I know we ’re
trucking in sand to build berms to keep oil out of the estuary , but that ’s it . ”
A quick tip to BP : we see what you ’re doing .
And if this just another attempt to make the oil disaster seem trivial , it wo n’t work .
Read more
about the Gulf Oil Spill
As previously reported , there will be a Public Memorial Service for RONNIE JAMES DIO ( DIO , BLACK SABBATH , HEAVEN & HELL , RAINBOW , ELF ) on Sunday , May 30th at 2:00 PM PT at The Hall Of Liberty located at Forest Lawn Hollywood Hills , 6300 Forest Lawn Drive , Los Angeles , CA ( more details here ) .
Word has since come down that the the independent Westboro Baptist Church intends to picket the service " to remind you who worship that old Serpent , Satan , that your time is very short .
You know 67 year old , Satan - worshiping ( or at least one of their enablers ) Ronnie James Dio ( of showing his devil horns to the world each time he goes in public ) Black Sabbath fame is dead , right ?
We 'll be there !
Just because the chances of any of God 's elect being amongst this group of heavy metal sycophants is slim to none does not mean they should not get some good words . "
Following is a list of Dio's " sins " according to the organization :
-- " He hates his neighbor (s ) starting with Ozzy Osbourne , and continuing down to his pornography star niece Gen Padova ! " --
" He hates God .
Pay especial attention to the fact that he changed his original sir name from Padova to Dio , which means God in Italian . " --
" Ronnie the simpleton enabled , and encouraged Sorceries : everything he was about including the little finger horn thing ( he got this from his mother which is an incantation to ward off the ' evil eye ' ) to the drugs , bloody raw meat and his fellowship with those pentagon necklace wearing freakish band members . "
More details can be found on the official Westboro Baptist Church here .
Information on the organization courtesy of CNN can be found at this location .
Which vendor has the most reported security vulnerabilities ?
According to Secunia 's recently released report , between 2005 and 2010 that 's Apple Inc. followed by Oracle and Microsoft .
Moreover , based on the company 's data , ten vendors are responsible for 38 % of the total number of vulnerabilities , and seven of the vendors on the top 10 list back in 2005 , still occupy the top positions in 2010 .
However , interpreting this data through the prism of the current threat landscape , results in some pretty interesting findings .
For instance , although Apple visibly tops the graph , excluding social engineering driven malware attacks targeting Mac OS X users , there are no known widespread campaigns utilizing any of these vulnerabilities -- targeted attacks and cyber espionage attacks excluded .
Moreover , although Adobe is on the 5th position , in 2009 malicious PDFs represented 80 percent of all exploits , followed by active exploitation of Flash taking into consideration the fact that millions of users continue browsing the Web using outdated versions of Adobe 's products .
Related posts :
Even though Microsoft's Windows remains the top target due to its market share , which through the eyes of the cybercriminal means solid ROI ( return on investment ) given the modest investment , it 's worth pointing out that 3rd party apps and plugins in particular , compared to Microsoft OS / Microsoft product specific vulnerabilities , is what the cybercriminals continue using as their primary means of exploitation .
On a large scale , the shift from vendor / application specific , to " target them all " exploitation tactics , is pretty evident .
Thanks to the growth of web malware exploitation kits , literally exploiting whatever is exploitable on a targeted host , through the diverse set of ( outdated / already patched ) exploits they come with , cybercriminals no longer shoot in the dark .
They shoot at everything that hits they malicious , or compromised legitimate sites .
Being the vendor with the most reported security vulnerabilities , does n't necessarily mean being the most insecure one , as it all comes down to " prevention is better than the cure " processes , defense in depth strategies , and patch management strategies .
That 's of course if end uses and companies are aware , and are actually patching , something which is clearly not happening .
Does Apple 's position on the top of graph mean its products are more insecure than those of Oracle and Microsoft ?
Does the vulnerability count for a particular company really matter , given the fact that the growth of cybercrime in 2010 is largely driven by outdated vulnerabilities -- meaning users just do n't care ?
Is Microsoft feeling all the heat thanks to the millions of end users running outdated 3rd party applications and plugins on the top of its OSs ?
What do you think ?
Talkback .
Update ( 4:49 EDT ) : The Securities and Exchange Commission has announced that Goldman Sachs will pay $ 550 million to settle the SEC 's charges against the firm .
Goldman has acknowledged that its marketing materials for the subprime product it was marketing contained incomplete information .
Click here for the early AP story .
In April , The SEC sued Goldman Sachs and one of its employees for civil fraud , alleging they defrauded investors in selling a financial product tied to subprime mortgages , in 2007 .
In ...
Edgar Law Firm LLC represents business and consumers from coast to coast .
Headquartered in Kansas City , Missouri , and with offices in Denver , Los Angeles , St. Louis and the Denver Foothills , we litigate cases for clients throughout the country .
We bring more than 100 years of combined trial experience , and we have delivered results against many of the largest companies .
We understand the importance of protecting your bottom line .
We offer innovating billing structures , including hybrid fee and contingency fee billing .
Our focus is on getting you the results you need while working to mitigate your total legal expenses .
Sure , we might be seeing some big changes to the iPhone tomorrow , but what if you could see some big changes on your very own iPhone , today ?
Well , you can if you 're brave enough to try installing Android on your iPhone , which we 've seen done before , but not with Android 2.2 ( otherwise more deliciously known as Froyo ) .
Still not convinced that such a thing is possible ?
Then head on past the break for the video evidence , and hit up the link below for the complete , not - for - the - faint - of - heart instructions for performing the feat yourself .
Of course , " runs " is n't exactly the same as " runs well . "
The iPhone in the video apparently got noticeably hot after five minutes of use , and there 's some issues with Android not recognizing little things like WiFi or the phone 's GPU .
Here ’s an interesting video of Don Norman speaking at the Business of Software conference in 2009 :
Sometimes , I wonder whether Don Norman is playing a huge practical joke on the usability community , with his more recent ideas on things like complexity , and usability .
He makes some great points in this talk , but he also makes a number of rather peculiar arguments .
For example , at the very beginning of the video , he claims that usability wo n’t affect the sales of a product , because people profit from usability only after they have already bought a device .
But this completely ignores the fact that people recommend products they like to other people .
Devices like the Wii , the iPad , or the iPhone are viral ; people become interested in buying them after playing with a friend ’s device , and after seeing how much their friends enjoy using their devices .
Creating a Mess
Later in his speech , he talks about advantages of complex products .
He makes the point that complexity is sometimes a necessary attribute of a product .
I agree with this point , but I think he ’s overstating the case ; some of the examples he uses are a bit odd .
One of these examples is Al Gore ’s office :
However , Al Gore ’s office does not illustrate Norman ’s point .
Al Gore ’s office does not look like this because he uses a complex product .
Instead , he uses simple things ( like pieces of paper ) to create a complex structure ( otherwise known as a mess ) .
Letting your users create complex structures and arrangements is an entirely different idea from creating products that are complex on their own .
In other words , your users ’ messes make perfect sense to your users .
Your mess , on the other hand , makes absolutely no sense to them .
Complexity is easily understood by the person who created the complexity , but often not by anyone else .
I understand the mess on my desk , but not the mess on yours .
The fact that people create complex structures does not mean that they will be happy with complex products , because it ’s not their mess ; it ’s somebody else ’s mess .
Art
Norman also uses a weirdly complex coffee machine as an example of how complexity can make a product more fun .
It ’s true that this is a complex product , and it ’s also true that this looks like a fun product , but is it really something we should emulate ?
Such devices may be « fun » in a slightly abstract sense , but does anyone actually use these things to make coffee ?
I certainly do n’t know anyone who uses such Rube Goldberg - esque devices .
They ’re fun objects in the same way that a sculptural machine by Jean Tinguely is a fun object , but they are not fun to use on a regular basis .
They are works of art , and not intended as functional devices .
We like to look at them , and maybe play with them once in a while , but we do n’t want to use them regularly .
We do n’t use them when we need to get stuff done .
To me , this example actually reinforces the idea that « fun » should not be the primary goal when we are trying to create functional products ; functional should be the primary goal .
People experience fun naturally when they use a product that makes them feel in control — in other words , a usable product .
Do we really want to create the equivalent of a device that nobody truly uses , a device that is essentially a piece of art , rather than a product that people will use when they need to get things done ?
Norman ’s main point is that emotions are the most important factor influencing how people behave .
I agree .
But emotions do n’t exist in a vacuum .
Emotions are a product of something else .
Very often , positive emotions are a result of a great user experience .
And a great experience , in turn , is ( not exclusively , but in large parts ) the result of a product that is easy to use .
One of Audi ’s sexiest sedans gets even bolder .
Audi ’s A5 Sportback incorporates the sleek styling of a coupe with the comfort of a sedan and the utility of a wagon to create a versatile and refined five - door .
The top model in Audi ’s sportback series adds some athleticism with a supercharged V - 6 and a sport - tuned suspension .
Senner Tuning however , has taken it a step further , adding a bit more sport and power to the S5 with some engine , chassis , and wheel upgrades for a more unique and sexy Sportback .
An important aspect during the tuning process was to preserve the Sportback ’s stunning features by not adding bodywork or aerodynamic upgrades .
Instead , Senner Tuning highlighted the Sportback ’s appearance with new Work T1S VARA wheels .
The two - piece , 20 - inch wheels are finished in a diamond black polish and measure 9 x 20 at the front and 10.5 x 20 at the rear .
The wide wheels are shod in new 245/30 R20 front and 295/25 R20 rear Vredestein Sessanta Ultrac for superb grip and ride quality .
New Senner Tuning lowering springs that bring the ride height down 40/30 mm ( 1.6/1.18 in ) and maintain the S5 ’s comfortable , yet athletic ride .
The highlight of the S5 Sportback is its 3.0 - liter supercharged V - 6 , making a healthy 333 hp and 324 lb - ft. stock .
To boost performance Senner Tuning has added a stainless steel exhaust system , high - performance air filter , and retuned engine electronics to produce 370 hp ( 375 PS ) and 365 lb - ft of torque .
While no performance specifications were released , expect a quicker 0 - 62 mph time than the stock 5.4 seconds , and a top speed of over 155 mph .
Inside , Senner Tuning preserved the Sportback ’s premium interior , and kept the cabin mostly stock .
The lone modification is the carbon fiber clad gauge cluster , which gives the interior a sportier feel .
The sexy , sleek , and powerful Senner Tuning S5 Sportback is currently available in markets where the A5 Sportback is sold ( sorry United States ) .
Individual modifications are also available through Senner Tuning .
Do you like Senner Tuning ’s S5 Sportback tuning package or would you like to see more power and styling modifications on this sexy Sportback ?
Leave a comment and let us know !
Senner Tuning S5 Sportback Gallery
Senner Tuning S5 Sportback Specifications
Engine :
Displacement : 3.0 liters
Number of Cylinders : V - 6
Aspiration : Supercharged
Maximum Horsepower : 370 ( 375 PS )
Maximum Torque : 365 lb - ft .
- Stainless steel exhaust system
- Retuned engine electronics
- High - performance air filter
Transmission :
Type : Seven - speed S tronic dual - clutch
Drive : All - wheel
Wheels and Suspension :
Wheels : Work T1S VARA two - piece in Diamond Black Polish
Front Wheels : 9 x 20
Rear Wheels : 10.5 x 20
Tires : Vredestein Sessanta Ultrac
Front Tires : 245/30 R20
Rear Tires : 295/25 R20
Suspension : Senner Tuning lowering springs 40/30 mm
Source : Senner Tuning
A number of local supermarket chains are taking a political stand :
They have decided to boycott products manufactured in Turkey .
Open gallery view Turks protesting outside the Ankara home of Israel ’s ambassador , Gabby Levy .
Credit : AP
The chains announced that they will stop working with Turkish suppliers .
Among the firms involved is Blue Square , which operates the Mega , Mega in the City and Mega Bul stores , and imports flour and pasta from Turkey , through its own private label .
The relationship with Turkish companies began to be problematic about a month ago , but recently was broken off , the company said .
" The Mega chain is heeding the voice of the public and has decided to stop importing pasta and flour products under its own label , which are produced in Turkey , and will seek alternative sources for its products , " Blue Square announced yesterday .
Rami Levy , owner of the eponymous chain of supermarkets , also decided to cut off ties : " For reasons of ideology and conscience , it would be unacceptable for us to do nothing when the Turkish people behave this way .
This is the minimum that we can do . "
Levy says that under a private label he imports pasta , paper plates and ketchup from Turkey , but , " We can easily import disposable dishes from China , pasta from Italy - and we will find somewhere from which to import ketchup , too . "
Rami Levy and Blue Square said that while they will remove goods from Turkey bearing their own labels , they will continue selling other products made in Turkey until they run out .
Rafi Sheffer , CEO of Brand For
You , which markets the private labels of smaller chains , said he has not decided whether he will cut off ties with Turkish producers , and was critical of statements by Levy .
" Rami Levy has many products on his shelves that are made in Turkey , under different brands .
If he really is boycotting Turkish items , he should not only remove products from Turkey under the private label , " said Sheffer , whose company and Levy 's are currently involved in a business dispute .
The Super Sol supermarket chain , the largest in the country , said yesterday that it is evaluating its relationship with Turkish firms .
Eric Blair
Activist Post
Several recent headlines indicate that food prices will continue their swift climb upward .
These troubling new reports show that agriculture production and stored grains are critically low and experts are now predicting food shortages on a grand scale .
Look at a few mainstream headlines : Drought threatens global rice supply in the India Times ; VA farmers say heat taking toll on crops , Associated Press ; Severe food shortage follows lack of rainfall in Syria ; and , finally , Corn prices bolt as USDA downsizes crop estimates , which states that , “ Commodity professionals were caught off guard Wednesday by a U.S. Department of Agriculture report showing 1 million fewer acres of corn planted this year than earlier projected , and almost 300 million fewer bushels of corn in storage . ”
And these articles do n’t begin to address crops being damaged by the toxic rain from the Gulf oil disaster .
We are back to recession economics and rapidly heading toward a deeper , longer “ Third Depression . ”
With all recent economic indicators setting new record lows and deficits at record highs , this ship is only going one way folks , down , down to Chinatown .
This WTC - Building 7 - style - controlled - demolition of the U.S. economy has long been engineered by the borderless banksters and has been set in the same way to collapse at a free - fall rate .
With all of the manufactured confusion it may be difficult to know where best to invest your limited assets , but it seems to be clear that Food is on the march .
There were several trend forecasters and financial firms predicting upwards of $ 200 / barrel of oil before the Gulf oil gusher .
The “ analysts ” said this would occur because of the perception of scarcity and a weakening dollar .
The oil disaster and the subsequent outrage at Big Oil will surely take care of selling the perception of scarcity , while the Federal Reserve and Congress will surely take care of weakening the dollar .
We ’ve seen this Beta test before when oil prices reached their peak of $ 147 in 2008 sending the price of food to the stratosphere .
Food staples like rice nearly tripled in six months and at times increased 50 % in just two weeks , primarily because of record oil prices and a weak dollar in 2008 .
During this run-up on prices , big box stores like Sam ’s Club and Costco were rationing the number of bags of rice customers could buy .
You can bet that Food Crisis Beta 2.010 will be far more severe .
This third factor of actual Food Scarcity , coupled with high oil prices and a feeble dollar , will multiply the severity of increasing food prices .
Whether this scarcity is being engineered to further cull the population or is a genuine imbalance in supply and demand is not important .
The fact is that this reality is playing out in the matrix .
Being aware of this triple - threat to food costs creates an opportunity to soften the recessionary blow , and perhaps offer some economic freedom from those who would like to reduce us all to serfdom .
You do n’t have to be an End Times survivalist to believe that storing food is pragmatic .
Everyone with expendable cash can and should design a good food storage and rotation system and buy bulk food as an investment — in addition to creating self - sufficiency .
Many rationalists are touting guns , ammo , and gold as good small - scale investments given the despicable agenda unfolding in our matrix .
Certainly those are critical investments in an economy dwindling down to the rationing of necessity , but not everyone is into guns or can afford bundles of gold .
And gold , at the end of the day , can only be traded for necessity .
These recent food alerts seem to indicate that food may be the best short - term investment for the “ Average Joe . ”
It ’s simple : if the retail cost of rice doubles , as it did in 2008 , then you ( the investor ) make 100 % return in something that ’s immediately tangible and usable .
It ’s time to pay the tax penalty for cashing out your mediocre “ I - bought - in - to - the - American - Dream ” 401 K and invest in Food !
Related Article :
Get Non-GMO Heirloom Seed Banks Here
The Ohio Department of Transportation is responsible for a wide variety of highway upgrades and maintenance projects throughout Central Ohio , but two of the largest local projects currently in development are the Interstate 70/71 “ Split Fix ” and the 3C Corridor Passenger Rail system .
We recently sat down with Jolene Molitoris , Director of ODOT , to discuss both of these projects .
Part one of our interview focuses on the 3C Corridor and can be found below .
Part two of our interview focuses on the “ Split Fix ” and can be found HERE .
Walker Evans : Both the 70/71 “ Split Fix ” and the 3C Corridor are projects that we ’ve been following pretty closely for the past few years on Columbus Underground .
I think it ’s safe to say that if we polled our readers , the majority would say that they are in favor of developing some form of improved transit systems in Ohio , and as a result , the conversations tend to steer more toward the discussion what the best solution may be .
Do you think that after being awarded the federal stimulus funding for the 3C Corridor project that the public conversation has shifted more toward how best to implement the system and more away from whether or not the whole thing is a good idea at all ?
Jolene Molitoris : Absolutely , and that is the story right now .
Quite frankly , when you hear the “ general public ” complaining , I do n’t think it is the general public at all .
I think it is a really focused smaller group with specific agendas .
I think part of our challenge as a society , is to figure out how to give voice to a significant portion of our citizenry who wants choice with transportation .
They want an option .
In fact , I remember when we first started during the 21st Century Transportation Task Force … at the beginning , people were contacting us and asking how they could have a voice in the whole thing .
They started a website and we had seven public meetings .
We saw a lot of action where people were looking for someone to give them a voice because they were n’t elected officials , they did n’t work for a media outlet and their only option was to write letters to the editor or something of that nature , so they really used the website to give themselves a voice .
When the 3C started , there was the 3C Is Me website .
For the same reason , we gave people some place to go so that they can know that they have some impact on things .
Part of what we ’re looking at is how you can listen and learn from the people who will benefit and use it in a way that you can reflect in the outcomes .
There are still some people who I do n’t think we ’ve brought to a confidence that were trying to do anything but the ‘ old school ’ way of thinking .
This place is not about ‘ old school ’ .
This project is about a multi-modal system that will make Ohio competitive .
Our history and our geography gives us a prime position to be a leader in all types of multi-modal activities .
We have changed a lot in this Department under this administration … how we do business , analyze data , etc … but some people continue to think of us by how we operated ten years ago .
WE : Going back to the 3C … Central Ohioans have shot down Streetcar and Light Rail proposals in the past decade .
I believe a lot of that had to do with the fact that they were being sold as smaller “ starter lines ” without describing how they would fit into a larger system over time .
Do you think the 3C could benefit from a stronger push to sell it as a smaller part of the larger Ohio Hub as well as an upgradable line that can achieve true “ high speed ” delivery in the future ?
JM : First of all , I think we have to be very clear that in this department we invest every precious tax dollar with an outcome , and that is “ Moving Ohio Into a Prosperous New World . ”
That is our mission statement .
So whether we are moving people , freight products , businesses , economies , whatever … we do it with the idea of a prosperous Ohio .
Which means that we have to stay competitive .
For the past forty - plus years , there has been no alternative transit choice for Ohioans .
Thanks to a Governor who never quit on this subject , we were able to bring in over $ 400 million in federal stimulus .
Our application was strong on outcomes .
We will get outcomes from a 79 - mph system just like transportation departments get in 15 other states with passenger rail systems like the one we ’re proposing .
We know that once you have service at 79 - mph , you get all sorts of things that happen along the way … the economic development , the vibrancy , the attractiveness to young professionals , the desirability to university students …
I could go on and on about the kinds of possibilities we have achievable with a 79 - mph system .
Once we have that in place , we can then build for the future .
Every time you make an incremental step to go faster , you do gain more riders .
But again , at 79 - mph we will be the 12th most used corridor in America .
When someone is trying to capture a negative message they will focus on other things .
But what we ’re trying to say is , here are the facts : a 79 - mph reliable , on - time , responsive , good system is going to create benefits immediately … and then we build on it .
No corridor in the nation has ever started out at 110 - mph .
They have started out at 79 - mph maximum or sometimes even less .
The interesting thing that sometimes people do n’t get , is that when you make comparisons to a train like the Acela on the Northeast corridor , it ’s easy to overlook the fact that it only goes its maximum speed during 14 minutes of it ’s route .
And yet , it has still captured a significant portion of the market .
It is doing quite well .
So what I think we need to focus on is what are we wanting to build by 2012 .
Given all circumstances , we do n’t know how our time tables will be implemented , but essentially , 2012 would be the earliest implementation of anything .
Another thing I think does n’t get discussed enough , is who is the system for .
It ’s for business , industry , and all of us … but it ’s also for the people who are going to be our citizens in the future .
And they should have a lot to say about it .
A whole bunch of them are in our universities right now .
224,000 of those students are within 10 miles of a proposed transit station on the 3C line .
You can look all over the country and world to find young people , young professionals , and students choosing schools or work .
They look closely at the cities where they want to live .
A recent Columbus Chamber study about young professionals asked what is it that we need to do that will make them call Columbus their home ?
The third thing on the list was an improved transportation system .
So we who have these decisions to make need to listen to the Ohio of the future .
I do n’t think their voice has been heard enough .
I feel a real obligation and responsibility to make sure they are part of this conversation .
WE : A lot of our demographic on Columbus Underground falls into the 24 - 40 age range … the “ young and engaged ” .
It seems like one of the biggest concerns with not having a voice in the process at the moment is a concern that the project will not making it through the controlling board who have been showing opposition to it .
JM : I believe your audience needs to be fully engaged in the decision making .
Do they think they are being represented adequately in terms of making their vision for the state a reality ?
I think it is critically important to the extent of our department , and beyond that through other structures , to voice exactly what they are looking for and how to make this state a great place to live .
That needs to be really articulated in the halls of the general assembly and federal congress so these systems will reflect what our younger and future citizens really want .
WE : Unlike roadway projects which have a dedicated revenue source in gasoline taxes , it seems as if the financial side of the 3C Corridor has been cobbled together over time .
Will we will be able to continue to grow our rail system in the same fashion without a dedicated revenue source ?
JM : This fiscal year ended in June .
We currently have $ 5 Billion in construction programs .
A majority , around 80 percent of that is highway and bridge related .
We have over 20,000 miles of road .
The governor is very adamant that we fix and maintain what we already have first .
At the same time , it really is incumbent upon all of us to recognize what kind of system is required for us to be competitive in the future .
You know , I ’m passionate about Ohio .
I love this place .
I grew up in Ohio .
We have the best and the smartest people and a great work ethic .
People here are generous and that ’s fabulous .
But we have to assure that those wonderful qualities have an infrastructure that will let them thrive .
Young people are now deciding where they want to live first and then working out the job element second .
That ’s a much different way of thinking compared to the previous generation .
We have to give every reason for the brightest and the best to stay here in Ohio and thrive here and be happy here .
We have a great mayor in Mayor Coleman .
He understands the transportation system that we need to have .
It starts with walking and biking and Complete Streets policies .
We are making progress with our partners like MORPC and the Columbus Partnership .
We have 5,500 people working here at ODOT but that does n’t even scratch the surface of what it takes to build these types of systems and to maintain them .
It takes way more than a village .
It takes practically everybody .
Earlier , you brought up the Ohio Hub .
The Ohio Hub study , that by the way was voted on 30 - to - nothing in the Republican controlled Senate , gives us a picture of the future .
What we are focused on is “ How do we get there , how do we make this real ? ”
At the same time , we have to have a clear message .
Right now a 79 - mph train and $ 400 M in stimulus money can get a solid system up and running to begin getting those jobs and economic benefits immediately .
Recently I had an editorial board visit from the Columbus Dispatch and I did n’t go to it alone .
I went with Bill Lhota from COTA because we are a system .
We ’ve got to stop having conversations just about high speed rail , or just about bus transit , or just about highways .
We need to be discussing a system that works together .
That ’s what a transportation network is supposed to do .
Bill and I were there to say to the Columbus Dispatch , “ Please look at us as a system ” .
We are going to complement each other .
The 3C will bring riders to COTA and COTA is going to bring riders to the 3C .
We can have an all - purpose ticket system , schedules that mesh , and we ’re already talking and working closely with other transit agencies .
It will be the same with our regional airports .
I guess what I believe is that with a partnership of Columbus Underground readers and many others , we ’re in the business of producing a transit system that will respond to the needs of the public .
We do n’t believe that most people are going to give up their cars .
This is n’t a fight between cars and trains !
If you go to a restaurant , you have a menu of options each day , and transportation should be the same way .
It is really critical that we really listen and learn from other states that have had such tremendous growth due to rail development .
Job growth , population growth … we need all of that in Ohio .
We should be looking at this $ 400 M in stimulus funding as something that will help us catch up , as other states have already been investing for decades .
I ’m very grateful that the President put the idea on the table and thankful for the brave people in Congress who voted for the rail stimulus against some odds .
They ’re the ones who gave us this chance .
The people who have worked on this project and our application did a remarkable job .
It shows what the brightest and the best can do .
Right now , we ’ve said in the application that the first $ 25 M will be focused on the final engineering design and environmental review .
That work will give us more detail on the final designs and information before we can go forward with construction .
Part Two of the interview , which focuses on the 70/71 Split Fix , can be found by CLICKING HERE .
Email discussion lists for the UK Education and Research communities Subscriber 's Corner Email Lists Log In
Archives - Error
The format of the index file is invalid .
Please try again in about 30 seconds , and report the problem if it persists for more than a few minutes .
JiscMail is a Jisc service .
View our service policies at https://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/policyandsecurity/ and Jisc 's privacy policy at https://www.jisc.ac.uk/website/privacy-notice
For help and support help@jisc.ac.uk
A new United Nations report released on Tuesday calls for abandoning the U.S. dollar as the main global reserve currency , saying it has been unable to safeguard value .
But several European officials attending a high - level meeting of the U.N. Economic and Social Council countered by saying that the market , not politicians , would determine what currencies countries would keep on hand for reserves .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The dollar has proved not to be a stable store of value , which is a requisite for a stable reserve currency , ” the U.N. World Economic and Social Survey 2010 said .
The report says that developing countries have been hit by the U.S. dollar ’s loss of value in recent years .
“ Motivated in part by needs for self - insurance against volatility in commodity markets and capital flows , many developing countries accumulated vast amounts of such ( U.S. dollar ) reserves during the 2000s , ” it said .
The report supports replacing the dollar with the International Monetary Fund ’s special drawing rights ( SDRs ) , an international reserve asset that is used as a unit of payment on IMF loans and is made up of a basket of currencies .
“ A new global reserve system could be created , one that no longer relies on the United States dollar as the single major reserve currency , ” the U.N. report said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The report said a new reserve system “ must not be based on a single currency or even multiple national currencies but instead , should permit the emission of international liquidity — such as SDRs — to create a more stable global financial system . ”
“ Such emissions of international liquidity could also underpin the financing of investment in long - term sustainable development , ” it said .
MARKETS DECIDE
Jomo Kwame Sundaram , a Malaysian economist and the U.N. assistant secretary general for economic development , told a news conference that “ there ’s going to be resistance ” to the idea .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In the whole post - war period , we ’ve essentially had a dollar - based system , ” he said , adding that the gradual emission of SDRs could help countries phase out the dollar .
Nobel Prize - winning economist Joseph Stiglitz , who previously chaired a U.N. expert commission that considered ways of overhauling the global financial system , has advocated the creation of a new reserve currency system , possibly based on SDRs .
ADVERTISEMENT
Russia and China have also supported the idea .
But Paavo Vayrynen , Finland ’s Foreign Trade and Development Minister , told reporters that he doubted it was possible “ to make any political or administrative decisions how to formulate the currency system in the world . ”
“ It is based on the markets , ” he said .
“ I believe that the economic players in the market are going to have the decisive influence on that issue . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
European Union development commissioner Andris Piebalgs said it would be a bad idea to dictate what the reserve currency should be .
“ It is markets that decide , ” he said .
“ Any intervention would just create additional challenges and make things even less predictable . ”
Mochila insert follows …
We think we understand the great German - Russian conflict of the Eastern Front of World War II .
We think it was the great grudge match of the tyrants , Stalin and Hitler .
We think Stalin panicked in June 1941 when his Nazi ally turned on him .
We think Hitler was beaten by the same Russian winter that defeated Napoleon a century earlier .
We think Stalin was steadfast in refusing to consider surrender .
We think the Soviets prevailed in the greatest tank battle ever , at Kursk .
Maybe not .
At least that is what the historian John Mosier , who in an earlier volume shattered the myths surrounding Hitler ’s Blitzkrieg , is telling us in “ Deathride : Hitler vs. Stalin — The Eastern Front , 1941 - 1945 . ’’
It is a dramatic departure from the conventional wisdom and is itself a dramatic chronicle of the most brutal theater in the most brutal war in one of history ’s most brutal centuries .
But the real theme is even bigger than the Eastern Front , which itself stretched from the Baltic to the Black Sea .
Mosier is arguing that World War II was fought for economics , not for political or ideological reasons .
That is not a new thesis , to be sure , but his is a creative approach , holding that not only the motivations but also the maneuvers of the war were almost entirely economic in nature .
Hitler , for example , wanted Poland because it was a net exporter of goods to Germany .
The Allies then tried to block iron ore shipments from Scandinavia , hoping to deny the Nazis the materials required to build tanks and planes .
And the whole bloody thing was a war on an economic , not a political , front .
The Allies , which included the Soviet Union by war ’s end , simply out produced Germany , and in fact the Third Reich was defeated by two nations that were n’t even their adversaries when the war began , the United States and the Soviet Union .
This is a clear - eyed , compelling description of a battle that has been described many times , but seldom with such an ironic eye .
This monstrous war , conducted against the backdrop of the tyrants ’ purges and their mechanical approaches to civilian death , was conducted in a great killing field of ethnic groups , including the Poles and other Slavic peoples , many of whom fared little better under Stalin than they did under Hitler .
And these persecuted Eastern Europeans were themselves no friends of the Jews , who were virtually exterminated in this charnel house .
What emerges from these pages is a struggle between vicious Soviet bunglers with a craven leadership willing to sacrifice millions to survive versus vicious German technocrats with a leadership that did n’t anticipate the dangers of military over - extension and the advantages its rival possessed by fighting a defensive war in a primitive land with unlimited cannon fodder .
That said , Mosier believes that Stalin was closer than anyone ( including Stalin himself ) knew to running out of men , some of whom by 1943 were getting only two days of training .
Now back to those myths that lay shattered on Mosier ’s pages .
Stalin was n’t immobilized by Hitler ’s perfidy in 1941 , only stuck in a 1914 reverie that permitted him to believe he had weeks to mobilize and to think a diplomatic resolution was plausible .
The Nazis were defeated in Russia more by Father Fall than by General Winter — that is , not when the land was full of ice but when the roads were full of mud .
Stalin would have entertained an armistice but fought on mostly because Hitler would n’t consider one .
And as for Kursk , that was n’t the clear - cut victory that Soviet propagandists claimed .
Wars have a chilling bottom line , and Mosier ’s is this :
The war in the East was Hitler ’s to lose and he did .
Several times on the verge of victory , the Germans were not defeated by a superior rival , only by superior will or at least the willingness to pay the price of victory .
Stalin won the war “ only because he was willing to sacrifice approximately 27 million Russians . ’’
Horrifying conclusion , horrifying battle , horrifying victory .
David M. Shribman , executive editor of the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette , was for a decade the Globe ’s Washington bureau chief .
He can be reached at dshribman@post-gazette.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
BrewDog , the Scottish brewery best known for its 32 % ABV ( alcohol by volume ) Tactical Nuclear Penguin beer , is back at it with another beer that not only shatters their previous alcohol content record , but also claims the title of most expensive brew .
Introducing ' The End of History ' , a 55 % ABV beer that costs $ 765 per 12 oz bottle AND COMES IN ITS OWN TAXIDERMIED KOOZIE .
But can you suck the eyes out when you 're finished ?
The beer is the last high abv beer we are going to brew , the end point of our research into how far the can push the boundaries of extreme brewing , the end of beer .
This blond Belgian ale is infused with nettles from the Scottish Highlands and Fresh juniper berries .
Only 12 bottles have been made and each comes with its own certificate and is presented in a stuffed stoat or grey squirrel .
The striking packaging was created by a very talented taxidermist and all the animals used were road kill .
This release is a limited run of 11 bottles , 7 stoats and 4 grey squirrels .
Each ones comes with its own certificate of authenticity .
Listen , I 'm no stranger to drinking out of animal carcasses .
As a matter of fact , I 'm drinking out of a bear I killed right now .
But that 's not the point .
The point is this : I think the small intestines might be leaking cause this beer tastes like shit .
Hit the jump for a couple more shots and a video the brewery released about the beer .
Product Site
via
It 's the World 's Strongest , Most Expensive Beer -- Inside a Squirrel [ asylum ]
Thanks to essdot , Martin and Tim , who refuse to drink anything out of any animal that does n't lay eggs .
Viral hepatitis affects more than 500 million people worldwide and is a cause of liver failure and liver cancer .
While vaccines are available for hepatitis A and B , this is not the case for hepatitis C , which affects as much as two percent of the population in the U.S. Scientists today are reporting discovery of a virus related to hepatitis C in Asian bats , which may provide insights into the origins of the hepatitis C virus and into the mechanisms by which infectious diseases move from other species to humans .
The full study findings are published online in the publication PLoS Pathogens .
Transmitted by blood transfusion or sexual intercourse , hepatitis C is a common cause of liver failure .
Viruses related to hepatitis C , known as GB - viruses , have previously been found only in primates .
Now , using cutting - edge molecular techniques , an international team of investigators has identified a GB - virus in Pteropus giganteus bats in Bangladesh .
The work was completed at the Center for Infection and Immunity ( CII ) at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health , led by W. Ian Lipkin , MD ; the International Centre for Diarrheal Disease Research in Bangladesh ; 454 Life Sciences , a Connecticut - based division of Roche Corporation ; and the Wildlife Trust in New York City .
Using gene sequencing methods , the investigators confirmed the viral genetic material in the serum of five of 98 bats , and in the saliva of one , to be related to GBV - A and –C viruses .
Further analysis of the two identified strains , tentatively named GBV - D , suggests that P. giganteus bats are a natural reservoir for this virus .
According to the research team , the fact that bat saliva can contain GBV - D nucleic acids provides a biologically plausible mechanism for this agent to be transmitted from infected bats to other hosts , including humans .
Bats are often important hosts for emerging infectious disease agents with significant impact on human health including rabies , ebola , Marburg , hendra , nipah , and SARS viruses .
Opportunities for transmission to humans are particularly prominent in countries like Bangladesh , where people live in close association with bats .
" This discovery underscores the importance of international programs focused on microbe hunting in hot spots of emerging infectious diseases , " said Dr. Ian Lipkin , John Snow Professor of Epidemiology and director of the CII .
" Finding this novel flavivirus in bats significantly broadens the host range of GB - like agents and may provide insights into the origins of hepatitis C , " added Thomas Briese , PhD , lead molecular biologist on the team and Mailman School associate professor and associate director of CII .
" The Indian subcontinent and South Asia are areas where we are ardently working to identify the next possible pandemic disease , " stated Peter Daszak , President of Wildlife Trust .
" Identification of the natural reservoir of a virus , even if it may not directly infect people , is critical to surveillance and reducing the risk of outbreaks of infectious disease , " noted Jonathan Epstein , associate vice president of Conservation Medicine Programs at Wildlife Trust .
Source : Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health
Andre L. Smith & Carlton Waterhouse ( both of Florida International ) have published No Reparation Without Taxation : Applying the Internal Revenue Code to the Concept of Reparations for Slavery and Segregation , 7 Pitt . Tax Rev. 158 ( 2010 ) .
Here is the abstract :
In the article , Professors Andre Smith and Carlton Waterhouse explore the interesting and rich relationship between reparations and the tax law scholarship .
Employing a rich dialogical style , the authors move fluidly between the theoretical and practical aspects of both reparations and tax law in a way that brings both areas of research together .
Beyond the slavery reparations tax scams of the earlier part of the decade , the authors reveal an intriguing and important relationship between reparations and the United States tax code previously unexplored .
The authors accomplish this in two distinct ways .
They begin with an examination of reparations proposals for America ’s legacy of slavery that range from individual monetary compensation to the creation of educational and other trust funds for beneficiaries .
For each of the proposals considered the authors assess the tax consequences of the particular form of reparations proposed .
Drawing on earlier research published by Professor Waterhouse , the authors consider a reparations program of institutional development within Black communities – with or without government support – that calls on African Americans and others to pool their resource to repair the harms of slavery and segregation .
In this section , the authors discuss the laws of tax exemption and charitable organizations and whether tax exempt status may be conferred upon organizations whose stated goals are to repair the community of a particular race .
Here , the article extends the work of David Brennan , in Race and Equality Across the Law School Curriculum : The Law of Tax Exemption , in which he asks whether a non-profit organization can keep its § 501 ( C ) ( 3 ) status if it restricts its grant making , hiring and board membership based on race .
The article ’s second major contribution is an intriguing investigation of the tax code as a viable mechanism for providing governmental reparations .
They find that using tax benefits such as credits , deductions , exclusions and exemptions the tax code can provide an effective and efficient system for distributing governmental reparations to intended beneficiaries .
Nearly half the people hit by Tasers had been threatening to harm themselves , police figures show .
However , the effect on these people is worrying mental health experts .
Auckland University 's Centre for Mental Health Research director Brian McKenna said the Taser had a potentially traumatising effect on people with mental illness and could result in death .
" These statistics are of concern because you usually associate the use of force with threat to others , but this is indicating that the police are using force when there is a threat to a person themselves , " McKenna said .
From December 2008 to May this year , Tasers had been presented by police 163 times , with 39 cases involving someone threatening to harm themselves or commit suicide , police figures show .
Tasers were used 13 times , with six incidents involving people threatening to hurt themselves .
Under Section 41 of the Crimes Act , police are justified in using force to prevent suicide or self - harm .
McKenna said the Taser was supposed to protect the public , but actually it was being used to protect people who were a danger to themselves .
" People can die in mental - health crisis when they get into a hyper - aroused state , and if the police use force , there could be a higher potential of adverse outcome or death , " he said .
" Hyper- aroused " states could be triggered by drugs , alcohol , stress or mental illness .
McKenna said international research had shown links between hyper - aroused states , the use of force and deaths in police custody .
Police faced difficult decisions in assessing the mental state of someone threatening violence , but needed to be aware of the potential risks of using force .
" I 'm not saying do n't use force , that 's a police decision , " he said .
" They just need to manage the risks . "
McKenna analysed data from a Taser trial period in 2006 .
He has written an article that will be published in the International Journal of Law and Psychiatry in January .
A police report on the Taser trial included a March 20 , 2006 case when a young woman who had locked herself in her bathroom and was displaying irrational behaviour was hit by a Taser .
An Amnesty International report found that the Taser was involved in 320 deaths internationally between 2001 and 2008 , and most of these deaths occurred when people were in a hyper - aroused state .
Police Taser project manager Superintendent John Rivers said New Zealand police were " absolutely " aware that the use of force , including Tasers and pepper spray , against the mentally ill needed to be addressed .
" People experiencing mental illness are over - represented in our use - of - force statistics , and we are looking at alternative force methods , " he said .
'' Clearly more testing is needed to be certain this is the case , but if so , left - handed potential customers need to be warned that the phone will not work for them , until it can be redesigned to remedy the fault . ''
The " Scott Pilgrim " movie and comic continue to own this year 's San Diego Comic - Con , with the release of the latest and final volume of the graphic novel series and numerous appearances from the cast of the upcoming " Scott Pilgrim vs. the World " movie .
Another preview clip today was released today , featuring a conversation between Scott and Gideon , the 7th and final evil ex .
Enjoy the clip after the jump , which is guaranteed to make anyone who has had to deal with their significant other 's a - hole ex will experience an overwhelming desire to punch actor Jason Schwartzman in the face .
digg_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/07/24/new-scott-pilgrim-clip-finish-him/';
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/07/24/new-scott-pilgrim-clip-finish-him/'; tweetmeme_source = ' comicsalliance ';
WASHINGTON ( WOMENSENEWS )
–Four bills pending in Congress would protect against discrimination based on sexual orientation in employment , schools , adoption and application for credit .
With health care reform completed , gay rights groups hope that lawmakers will now turn to these bills , with the legislation focused on hiring considered the most likely to pass this year .
But the question is how high to set their hopes .
Some lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender , LGBT , advocates say their agenda has gained momentum from the passage of a federal law against hate crimes last fall and years of educating the public and lobbying members of Congress about the unique struggles of the gay community .
" We ’ve already laid the groundwork , " said Stacey Long , federal legislative director for the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force , an advocacy group with branches across the country that is tracking about 20 bills in Congress .
The bills cover a broad range of areas from immigration to domestic partnership benefits .
Allison Herwitt , legislative director for Human Rights Campaign , a Washington - based gay rights group , sounded more doubtful .
" Any legislation affecting LGBT people remains a challenge to move forward in Congress , " she said in a recent e-mail interview .
" There are still many members hostile to our equality . "
The White House recently drew praise from the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force and other LGBT groups for Obama ’s executive order to protect hospital visitation rights for same - sex couples at institutions that receive Medicare and Medicaid funding .
" With this action , the government is taking a significant step toward recognizing our underlying humanity , " said the Task Force ’s Executive Director Rea Carey , in a statement .
But Jonathan Rauch , a guest scholar on gay issues at the Brookings think tank in Washington , shrugged off Obama ’s agency directive to Health and Human Services , characterizing it as an impermanent gain that can easily be overturned by future administrations .
In an email interview , Rauch called the hospital visitation announcement " consistent with a strategy in which the president will take relatively low - cost steps on LGBT issues , but is going to be cautious about spending major political capital or seeming to drift too far left . "
Tackling Controversial Issues
Skeptics such as Rauch want Obama to tackle controversial issues that necessitate legislative battles .
A prime example would be repealing " Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell , " the policy requiring gay members of the military to remain closeted or risk expulsion .
Top Four LGBT Bills : Employment Non-Discrimination Act
Student Non-Discrimination Act
Freedom from Discrimination in Credit Act
Every Child Deserves a Family Act
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , a Democrat from Maryland , acknowledged in a recent article in the Congressional Quarterly that the House was likely to vote this year on a decades - old bill that would prohibit employment discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity .
Hoyer ’s office did not return e-mails or phone calls for confirmation .
The bill , called the Employment Non-Discrimination Act , has almost 200 co-sponsors and is the likeliest of the four LGBT bills to become law this year .
A Senate version of the bill has almost 50 sponsors , including Republicans .
Supporters of the bill cite a 2009 study , conducted by the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force and the National Center for Transgender Equality , that found the unemployment rate for transgender people is twice that of the general population .
A close second for passage this year is the Student Non-Discrimination Act .
The bill would extend federal civil rights protections to gay and transgender students who face harassment in public schools .
It would also give them legal recourse if they were bullied .
Hayley Gordenberg , deputy legal director for Lambda Legal , a gay rights group based in New York , called harassment of LGBT students " the bully ’s choice of the day . "
The harassment can range from being stuffed into a locker to cases of death threats , she told Women ’s eNews .
Rep. Jared Polis , an openly gay Democrat from Colorado , is the bill ’s lead sponsor .
It enjoys about 80 co-sponsors .
Lara Cottingham , his communications director , told Women ’s eNews that the sponsors ’ goal is to include the bill in reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act ( formerly known as No Child Left Behind ) .
" We are also hoping to hold a committee or subcommittee hearing on this issue later this year , " Cottingham said .
Sen .
Al Franken , the freshman Democrat from Minnesota who took office after an extended recount and legal battle , hopes to introduce companion legislation to the Student Non-Discrimination
Act in the current session , his office told Women ’s eNews .
A companion bill is part of the normal legislative process ; if the Senate works on a bill in tandem with the House , it ’s more likely to become law .
Easier Access to Credit
A third bill , the Freedom from Discrimination in Credit Act , would protect gay and transgender people from discrimination when applying for credit including mortgages , student loans or credit card transactions .
The bill ’s supporters do not point to research that shows significant numbers of LGBT people are denied credit .
However , bill co-sponsor Rep. Steve Israel , a Democrat from New York , said in a press release that in tough economic times people should n’t " have to worry " that their sexual orientation or gender identity might affect their ability to qualify for a loan .
The Credit Union National Association , based in Washington , D.C. , and Madison , Wisc. , which represents about 90 percent of credit unions in the United States , recently endorsed the bill .
The credit bill counts about 55 co-sponsors and was introduced by Israel and Rep. Barney Frank , an openly gay Democrat from Massachusetts who chairs the Financial Services Committee , which has jurisdiction over the bill .
The fourth bill , the Every Child Deserves a Family Act , bars discrimination based on sexual orientation , gender identity or marital status in adoption or foster care .
It gives legal recourse to LGBT adoptive or foster parents who encounter discrimination and threatens withdrawal of federal funding to agencies that do n’t comply .
It has almost 20 supporters in the House and is awaiting a subcommittee hearing .
The bill text refers to a 2008 study by the Evan B. Donaldson Adoption Institute , a nonprofit education and policy group headquartered in New York , that says that although gay and lesbian parents care for almost 80,000 children , one - third of child welfare agencies in the country still reject LGBT applicants .
Julia Marsh is a Washington , D.C. - based correspondent covering domestic and foreign affairs for a Japanese newspaper .
For more information :
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
http://www.thetaskforce.org/
El investigador Miguel Carbonell asegura que el proceso penal no da lugar ni respeta a las v�ctimas , por lo cual , la mayor �a de los delitos diarios no se denuncian y se genera la impunidad
Acapulco , Gro. | Domingo 20 de junio de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
19:23
Image 1 of 1
NEW ORLEANS -- BP 's massive oil spill became the largest ever in the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday based on the highest of the federal government 's estimates , an ominous record that underscores the oil giant 's dire need to halt the gusher .
The oil that 's spewed for two and a half months from a blown - out well a mile under the sea hit the 140.6 million gallon mark , eclipsing the record - setting , 140 - million - gallon Ixtoc I spill off Mexico 's coast from 1979 to 1980 .
Even by the lower end of the government 's estimates , at least 71.7 million gallons are in the Gulf .
The growing total is crucial to track , in part because London - based BP PLC is likely to be fined per gallon spilled , said Larry McKinney , director of Texas A&M University at Corpus Christi's Gulf of Mexico research institute .
" It 's an important number to know because it has an impact on restoration and recovery , " McKinney said .
The oil calculation is based on the higher end of the government 's range of barrels leaked per day , minus the amount BP says it has collected from the blown - out well using two containment systems .
BP collected a smaller amount of oil than usual on Wednesday , about 969,000 gallons .
More On This ... Massive Oil Spill Washes Ashore in the Gulf
Measuring the spill helps scientists figure out where the missing oil is , hidden below the water surface with some even stuck to the seafloor .
Oil not at the surface damages different parts of the ecosystem .
" It 's a mind - boggling number any way you cut it , " said Ed Overton , a Louisiana State University environmental studies professor who consults for the federal government on oil spills .
" It 'll be well beyond Ixtoc by the time it 's finished . "
And passing Ixtoc just before the July Fourth weekend , a time of normally booming tourism , is bitter timing , he said .
The BP spill , which began after the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion killed 11 workers April 20 , is also the largest spill ever recorded offshore during peacetime .
But it 's not the biggest in history .
That happened when Iraqi forces opened valves at a terminal and dumped as much as 336 million gallons of oil in 1991 during the Persian Gulf war , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Initial estimates put that spill at about 460 million gallons , but government estimates later found it to be smaller .
As the Gulf gusher continued spewing , the remnants of Hurricane Alex whipped oil - filled waves onto the Gulf Coast 's once - white beaches .
The government has pinned its latest cleanup hopes on a huge new piece of equipment : the world 's largest oil - skimming vessel , which arrived Wednesday .
Officials hope the ship can scoop up to 21 million gallons of oil - fouled water a day .
Dubbed the " A Whale , " the Taiwanese - flagged former tanker spans the length of 3 1 / 2 football fields and is 10 stories high .
It just emerged from an extensive retrofitting to prepare it specifically for the Gulf .
" It is absolutely gigantic .
It 's unbelievable , " said Overton , who saw the ship last week in Norfolk , Va .
The vessel looks like a typical tanker , but it takes in contaminated water through 12 vents on either side of the bow .
The oil is then supposed to be separated from the water and transferred to another vessel .
The water is channeled back into the sea .
But the ship 's never been tested , and many questions remain about how it will operate .
For instance , the seawater retains trace amounts of oil , even after getting filtered , so the Environmental Protection Agency will have to sign off on allowing the treated water back into the Gulf .
" This is a no - brainer , " Overton said .
" You 're bringing in really dirty , oily water and you 're putting back much cleaner water . "
The Coast Guard will have the final say in whether the vessel can operate in the Gulf .
The owner , shipping firm TMT Group , will have to come to separate terms with BP , which is paying for the cleanup .
" I do n't know whether it 's going to work or not , but it certainly needs to be given the opportunity , " Overton said .
Meanwhile along parts of the Gulf , red flags snapped in strong gusts , warning people to stay out of the water , and long stretches of beach were stained brown from tar balls and crude oil that had been pushed as far as 60 yards from the water .
Hurricane
Alex churned up rough seas as it plowed across the Gulf , dealing a tough setback to cleanup operations .
It made landfall along a relatively unpopulated stretch of coast in Mexico 's northern Tamaulipas state late Wednesday , spawning tornadoes in nearby Texas and forcing evacuations in both countries .
Alex weakened to a tropical storm Thursday morning as it moved across Mexico .
Although skimming operations and the laying of oil - corralling booms were halted across the Gulf , vessels that collect and burn oil and gas at the site of the explosion were still operating .
Efforts to drill relief wells that experts hope will stop the leak also continued unabated .
In Florida , lumps of tar the size of dinner plates filled a large swath of beach east of Pensacola after rough waves tossed the mess onto shore .
Streaks of the rust - red oil could be seen in the waves off Pensacola Beach as cleanup crews worked in the rough weather to prepare the beach for the holiday weekend .
In Grand Isle , La. , heavy bands of rain pounded down , keeping cleanup crews off the water and tossing carefully laid boom around .
However , oil had stayed out of the passes .
" All this wave action is breaking up the oil very quickly , " Coast Guard Cmdr. Randal S. Ogrydziak said .
" Mother Nature is doing what she does best , putting things back in order . "
Natural microbes in the water were also working on the spill .
The result was a white substance that looked like mayonnaise , that washed up on some spots along the Grand Isle beach .
" People will be fishing here again , " Ogrydziak said .
" It may take a while , but people may be surprised that it 's not taking as long as they thought .
Look at the ( Ixtoc ) oil spill in Mexico .
It was massive and now people are back to using those waters . "
by Michelle Taylor , Diet Counselor
The Six Week Body Makeover weight management program is available for those people who need a comprehensive set of resources to support their individual weight loss goals .
The package comes with a variety of books , videos and guides to meet the needs of all kinds of dieters .
Championed by Michael Thurmond , this diet program has the following main components :
Start by filling out a questionnaire to identify your type of metabolism .
After that , learn to “ reprogram ” your metabolism for optimal fat burning .
Finally , eat foods that match your unique metabolism and achieve rapid weight loss .
The basic principal behind this diet plan is that through the process of understanding your individual body type , its unique problems , and defining your ultimate goals , you will achieve weight loss success .
Proponents claim that you will actually exercise less and still reshape your body in as little as six weeks , losing as much as thirty pounds during that time .
When your six week body makeover is complete , you will learn the best ways to keep the weight off in the months and years ahead through better diet and exercise habits .
The Six Week Body Makeover program gives you an eating plan for each meal that is designed for your individual metabolism .
When followed properly , you should lose up to 30 pounds in six weeks .
By eating the ideal foods in the right combinations and at the right time of day , your metabolism will speed up .
Six Week Body Makeover Eating Plans
The program begins by identifying your metabolism type and categorizing it as Type A , Type B , Type C or Type D , and then suggests a meal plan based on your metabolism type .
Type A Meal Plans :
Body Type
A has the slowest metabolism , and individuals with this body type have likely always struggled with excess weight .
The Six Week Body Makeover plan recommends that Type A bodies eat a diet of lean meats such as chicken and turkey , and fish such as halibut and cod .
Type A dieters should shun carbohydrates , such as fruits , starchy vegetables , pasta and processed grains .
A sample type A meal is grilled cod , roasted new potatoes and spring vegetables .
Type B Meal Plans :
Type B dieters are characterized as being able to build lean muscle .
However , they still have a slow metabolism and should therefore avoid complex carbohydrates such as potatoes , yams , rice and unrefined pastas .
Recommended foods include turkey , chicken , shrimp , crab , tuna , brown rice , grapefruit and egg whites .
A 6 week body makeover sample menu for Type B bodies includes egg whites and grapefruit for breakfast , tuna and lettuce for lunch and chicken breast , brown rice and mixed vegetables for dinner .
Type C Meal Plans :
Body Type C is similar to Type B , but Type C has a faster metabolism .
Like Type B , Type C bodies also build lean muscle easily .
A Type C sample meal plan features more carbohydrates than the A or B plans .
A typical meal would include chicken and shrimp , stir - fried with mixed vegetables .
Type D Meal Plans :
Body Type D is marked by a slow metabolism and lack of significant muscle mass .
Thus , the Type D diet includes an emphasis on red meat for protein .
Body type D people should avoid simple carbohydrates found in fruits and processed grains .
A sample menu for Body Type D features oatmeal , egg whites , lean steak , fruit , chicken breast , rice and mixed vegetables .
Will the Six Week Body Makeover Work for You ?
Some dieters respond well to highly structured diet plans , but others do better when their health and wellness plan is customized to cater to their unique needs .
That ’s a big reason why the body makeover diet plan seems to be so effective .
A lot of planning and preparation is required , but menus and serving sizes are defined , and Michael Thurmond body makeover recipes are provided .
The menu includes abundant fish and poultry , as well as morning and afternoon snacks .
The Six Week Body Makeover program is intended for those willing to commit to the plan for six weeks .
There are several components in the weight management package .
These include a Quick Start Program , a Customized Eating Plan , Customized Recipes , a Personalized 18 Minute Body Sculpting Program and a Living Lean Program .
Other information includes diet guides , fitness resources and other materials in support of the plan .
Dieters can order the 6 Week Body Makeover Program and the variety of health and wellness resources online .
The products can be ordered online directly through the official website .
The Six Week Body Makeover package comes with lots of information to support weight loss goals .
Given that the program is a customizable weight loss plan may appeal to dieters who have failed in the past with a one - size - fits - all approach to dieting .
Optifast success stories seem to follow a similar pattern .
Complaints about the Body Makeover program have been that there is too much food preparation involved , or that the exercise programs were not effective , but these are not widespread .
The most important thing is to stick with the program until the end , so that the full benefits can be realized .
( published January 2 , 2010 )
Rupert Murdoch may be getting an unpleasant phone call soon , if it has n’t come already .
That ’s because Glenn Beck , the Fox News network ’s popular opinion host , just blamed the world ’s 19th richest man — Saudi Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud — for the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
As it happens , the Prince is a major investor in News Corporation ; at seven percent of the company ’s shares , he ’s second only to Rupert Murdoch himself .
Fox News is just one piece of the massive corporation .
Murdoch , likewise , owns nine percent of the Prince ’s Arab media empire Rotana .
ADVERTISEMENT
Most people would call the situation awkward , to say the least .
Claiming that the U.S. would have acted similarly to Israel in raiding the Gaza aid flotilla , Beck on Thursday afternoon drew an unusual analogy between the disastrous military operation that left nine activists dead and the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks .
“ Did n’t we almost kind of do that ? ” he asked .
“ Right after 9/11 , when Rudy Giuliani– do you remember ?
Saudi Arabia came and said , ‘ We wanna help ! ' ”
Beck motioned toward a large graphic on a screen behind him .
“ This guy came over and said , ‘ I wanna give you a $ 10 million check . ’
Rudy Giuliani said , ‘ Ya see that over there ?
I do n’t think we want your help .
You already sent us help , and you flew that help into the plane– into the trade centers . ’
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The same Prince later blamed the U.S. policy for the attacks , ” Beck dramatically concluded .
However , the man he ’s accusing — the man in the photo he gestured to — has “ 14 Honorary Doctorates from universities in the U.S. , Britain , Korea , Egypt , Malaysia , Ghana , Palestine , Philippines , Tunisia and Uganda , to name only a few , ” according to a profile hosted by his firm , the Kingdom Holding Company .
He is , according to Forbes , self - made : the 19th richest man in the world , who owns 3.5 percent of Citigroup , among other articles of note in his vast financial holdings .
“ As [ Citigroup ’s ] largest individual investor , he has been vocal in his support of its chief executive Vikram Pandit , ” the financial publication added .
“ Kingdom Holding also has large holdings in the Four Seasons and Fairmont hotel management chains .
In late February , News Corp. purchased a 9 % stake in Alwaleed ’s Arab media and entertainment company Rotana , valuing the company at $ 770 million .
His palaces and real estate are worth more than $ 3 billion .
Owns jewelry collection he values at $ 730 million , plus 4 airplanes , including an Airbus A380 . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Harvard University has even dedicated a program of Islamic studies in his name .
Likewise , Georgetown ’s school of public service has dedicated its Center for Muslim - Christian Understanding to the Prince .
This same individual offered then - New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani a $ 10 million check after Sept. 11 , 2001 , but stated in public that the U.S. “ must address some of the issues that led to such a criminal attack , ” according to CNN .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The prince ’s statement said the United States ‘ should re-examine its policies in the Middle East and adopt a more balanced stand toward the Palestinian cause , ' ” the network added .
Giuliani was offended by the Prince ’s statement and suggested it was an argument of moral equivalence between the attacks and U.S. foreign policy .
He outright rejected the funds .
All of these details , mere fact and vital context were completely neglected by Beck , who topped his tirade with a wild mis-truth : that Giuliani had somehow blamed the Prince for 9/11 .
Giuliani did no such thing ; he instead used the shot at image posturing to attack Democrats for noting that U.S. foreign policy has led to far more deaths in the Middle East than the number suffered in New York City on 9/11 .
He called their statements “ part of the problem . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Think Progress , which called out the accusation in a Thursday blog , added : “ Prince Alwaleed has grown close with the Murdoch enterprise , recentlyÃ‚Â endorsing James Murdoch to succeed his father and creating aÃ‚Â content - sharing agreement with Fox News for his own media conglomerate , Rotana .
As ThinkProgress hasÃ‚Â reported , many conservative activists have been enraged at Fox News for allowing Prince Alwaleed to dictate its content .
For instance , Prince Alwaleed hadÃ‚Â boasted in the past about forcing Fox News to change its content relating to its coverage of riots in Paris .
Curiously , Fox News has alsoÃ‚Â rejected television ads criticizing AmericaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s dependence on Middle East oil , a source of wealth for the Prince Alwaleed family . ”
In a recent interview with Business Week , the Prince said that the News Corporation - produced film Avatar was the first science fiction movie he ’d ever seen , noting his joy at how much it helped the company ’s bottom line , but quipping : “ Whether I like it or not I will keep between me and Mr. Murdoch . ”
He also told the publication that while he does not support new taxes on banks , “ taxes have to be raised across the board ” due to America ’s massive public debt .
The Prince also warned his interviewer , “ Clearly , the biggest worry right now for every human being in the world is terrorism . ”
“ And Giuliani said , ‘ Take your check , we do n’t want your money , ' ” Beck jeered on Thursday .
“ There is no way , America , that if it was us , that we would allow that to happen . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Unfortunately for Mr. Beck , it already has , and is presently funding his own salary .
While a large majority of the alleged 9/11 hijackers were reportedly from Saudi Arabia , Prince Alwaleed has not been linked to the attacks .
This video is from Fox News , broadcast June 3 , 2010 , as snipped by Think Progress .
Liège , Belgium .
Sandra is a factory worker who discovers that her workmates have opted for a EUR1,000 bonus in exchange for her dismissal .
She has only a weekend to convince her colleagues to give up their bonuses in order to keep her job .
I recently had the honor of being interviewed for an Xconomy article .
When I finished reading the article , I read a number of the related posts .
One of them , “ Five Things Entrepreneurs and Innovators Can Do To Invigorate Michigan ’s Economy , ” bothered me because , in my opinion , it leaves one thinking that Michigan is completely missing the boat with regard to invigorating its entrepreneurial community .
I expressed my concern to the article ’s author , Sonya Erickson , who replied that her assignment was “ to suggest five areas that can contribute to entrepreneurial growth in any city , ” and in this regard the advice she provides is quite good .
What she missed , however , is that Michigan is making significant progress in the five areas she mentions .
That these successes were overlooked is perfectly understandable given that the majority of the national media coverage regarding Michigan is negative .
Michigan is executing a vibrant and productive turnaround story .
And that is the purpose of this article — to show Sonya , and others , the untold story .
I will show how Michigan has been pursuing many of the activities discussed by Sonya and consequently may well become the epicenter of the “ North Coast ” entrepreneurial community .
Before addressing Sonya ’s five points , just two quick comments :
First , I have been immersed in the Michigan entrepreneurial community for the better part of the past decade and have an insider ’s vantage point from which to address these points .
Second , the tenor of this article will be mostly positive ( because there is a lot of positive to report ) .
However , I am also fully aware of the challenges that face the state as it continues its difficult transition from a 20th century economy to a 21st century one .
( With regard to this — a simple plea to the state ’s leaders in Lansing — please focus your prodigious energies on leading the charge into the 21st century as opposed to continuing to fight a rear - guard battle for the economy of the 20th century . )
1. Focus on areas of competitive advantage :
The state of Michigan has addressed this head - on .
Simply look at the homepage of the Michigan Economic Development Corporation ( MEDC ) .
This page shows six sectors of competitive advantage , but those of us in the ( technology - focused ) entrepreneurial community speak to four sectors .
How do we get from six to four ?
Automotive engineering and advanced manufacturing are typically treated as being a single sector ; and the film sector , well , that just does n’t count !
Four sectors .
How much more focus could one ask for ?
Importantly , we are seeing successes in each sector .
For example : Peter Kim , CEO and vice chairman of LG Chem , one of the world ’s largest producers of advanced chemicals and materials , recently stated , “ Michigan is becoming a world capital for advanced batteries . ”
Eighty - five percent of all vehicle - related research happens in Michigan , approximately $ 1 billion in life sciences research is conducted in Michigan each year , and the U.S. Department of Defense has relocated all robotics research to Michigan .
2. Establish a local venture and / or angel fund community :
While not yet the size of the equity investment communities on the East and West Coasts , the number of VC firms headquartered in Michigan ( currently 16 ) has more than doubled over the past decade .
The funds are increasing in size , with a total of $ 1.1 billion under management .
Since 2000 , there have been 20 exits of Michigan - VC - backed companies , including such notable ones as Esperion Therapeutics , Arbortext , Aastrom Biosciences , and HandyLab .
The angel community is also growing , with six active angel groups in the state , and with the pending passage of the angel tax credit bill , their activity level should increase significantly .
Nothing breeds success like success .
As more Michigan firms have successful exits , and as Michigan VCs provide meaningful returns to their LPs , we can expect accelerated growth in this community .
( The data in the previous few paragraphs come from the Annual Report of the Michigan Venture Capital Association , which is leading the charge to strengthen the equity investment community in the state . )
3. Promote the University of Michigan ( U - M ) and Michigan State University ( MSU ) :
Let me start by saying that this statement is incomplete .
While it is true that U -M , MSU , and Wayne State University ( WSU ) account for 95 percent of the research dollars brought to Michigan by public universities ( $ 1.4 billion in 2008 ) , most all of Michigan ’s universities have programs focused on readying today ’s students for tomorrow ’s economic realities .
But focusing just on the aforementioned three universities ( which have created the University Research Corridor ) , consider the impact they have on the state : a $ 14.5 billion impact on the state ’s economy ; 20 spinout companies a year ( on average ) ; and third in patents granted , fourth in technology licenses issued , and the third largest number of high - tech degrees awarded ( compared to other regions in the country ) .
It is believed by many that these technologies and companies are the future of the state .
4. Invest in an “ ecosystem ” to serve the startup community :
Here , unfortunately , I will be a little parochial .
The support ecosystem in the greater Ann Arbor area is second to absolutely no place in the country .
We have a cadre of nationally recognized professionals — lawyers , accountants , former CEOs , etc .
Importantly , there is an extensive network of professionals who generously donate significant amounts of time to support the entrepreneurial community .
For instance , this past April alone , more than 1,000 volunteer hours were provided to Great Lakes Entrepreneur ’s Quest ( GLEQ ) contestants , Ann Arbor SPARK Boot Camp attendees , and Michigan Growth Capital Symposium participants .
Many of these volunteers are member of the New Enterprise Forum ( NEF ) , a 24 - year - old , all - volunteer organization that focuses on connecting entrepreneurs with the resources they need to succeed .
NEF is a model for similar groups throughout the state and region .
Ann Arbor leads in this , not because it is better than the other communities , but simply by virtue of having been supporting entrepreneurs for decades .
Around the state , in Detroit , Lansing , Midland , Grand Rapids , and probably others , entrepreneurial support communities are being established .
Importantly , these communities and Ann Arbor realize that success in any community is a win for everyone , and inter-regional cooperation is happening like never before .
5 . Get the state government more involved :
It is heartening to see that a person from far away Washington state has heard about the good work being done by local government and government / industry / academic collaborations .
Local efforts , such as the Smart Zones , are quite successful .
Just recently , an announcement was made that four Smart Zones in Southeast Michigan are going to be funded to further support entrepreneurial activities , and that these funds will draw the four even closer together .
We already have state - supported funding for early - stage companies — the Michigan Pre-Seed Capital Fund , the various microloan programs , etc. , provide access to critically needed capital .
( In one of those good - news / bad - news deals : some of the funds have already been completely expended — they are being used , but more is needed . )
Even more encouraging , several companies have already grown sufficiently that they have paid back their loans even though these programs are only a couple of years old !
We also have entrepreneurial incubators sprouting up across the State , many of which are at capacity .
There are also groups , such as the Michigan Small Business and Technology Development Center , BioTechnology Business Consultants , SCORE , and others , which provide top-quality services to the entrepreneurial community .
While several of these organizations receive State support , the total amount of spending on them is actually quite limited .
Hopefully , the legislature will see the value added and not only reauthorize support for these programs , but increase the level of support .
Gerry Roston serves as the CEO of Civionics , a University of Michigan startup that delivers intelligent sensor - based systems to manufacturers to help them minimize unplanned downtime ; and as an Executive - in - Residence at TechTown Detroit , where he helps entrepreneurs transition their ideas into sustainable businesses .
Follow @
Trending on Xconomy
SULTANS OF SWAP : BP Collapse Potentially More Devastating than Lehman !
As horrific as the gulf environmental catastrophe is , an even more intractable and cataclysmic disaster may be looming .
The yet unknowable costs associated with clean - up , litigation and compensation damages due to arguably the world ’s worst environmental tragedy , may be in the process of triggering a credit event by British Petroleum ( BP ) that will be equally devastating to global over - the - counter ( OTC ) derivatives .
The potential contagion may eventually show that Lehman Bros. and Bear Stearns were simply early warning signals of the devastation lurking and continuing to grow unchecked in the $ 615T OTC Derivatives market .
What is yet unknowable is what the reality is of BP ’s off - balance sheet obligations and leverage positions .
How many Special Purpose Entities ( SPEs ) is it operating ?
Remember , during the Enron debacle Andrew Fastow , the Enron CFO , asserted in testimony nearly 10 years ago that GE had 2500 such entities already in existence .
BP has even more physical assets than Enron and GE .
Furthermore , no one knows the true size of BP ’s OTC derivative contracts such as Interest Rate Swaps and Currency Swaps .
Only the major international banks have visibility to what the collateral obligations associated with these instruments are , their credit trigger events and who the counter parties are .
They are obviously not talking , but as I will explain , they are aggressively repositioning trillions of dollars in global currency , swap , derivative , options , debt and equity portfolios .
Once again , as we saw with Lehman Bros and Bear Stearns we have no visibility to the murky world of off balance sheet , off shore and unregulated OTC contracts , where BP ’s financial risk is presently being determined .
At a time when understanding a corporation ’s risk position is critically important , investors are in the dark .
When markets are uncertain , bad things are certain to follow .
The new financial regulations under the Dodd - Frank legislation does absolutely nothing to address this .
This was the central issue in truly understanding and corralling TBTF risk .
It has not been addressed and the markets will likely make the tax payer pay for this regulatory failure once again .
Massive BP
Risk lay in the $ 615T OTC Market that only the major international banks have any visibility to ….
and they are not talking !
THE LEVERAGE ASSOCIATED WITH “ AAA ” ASSETS
I could not have stated it any clearer than Jim Sinclair at jsmineset.com : “ People are seriously underestimating how much liquidity in the global financial world is dependent on a solvent BP .
BP extends credit – through trading and finance .
They extend the amounts , quality and duration of credit a bank could only dream of .
You should think about the financial muscle behind a company with 100 + years of proven oil and gas reserves .
Think about that in comparison to a bank with few tangible assets .
Then think about what happens if BP goes under .
This is no bank .
With proven reserves and wells in the ground , equity in fields all over the planet , in terms of credit quality and credit provision – nothing can match an oil major .
God only knows how many assets around the planet are dependent on credit and finance extended from BP .
It is likely to dwarf any banking entity in multiples … .
The price tag and resultant knock - on effects of a BP failure could easily be equal to that of a Lehman , if not more .
It is surely , at the very least , Enron x10 . ”
From a historical context , some may not be aware that the infamous House of Rothschild at the height of their banking power moved into Energy & Oil .
Also , John D. Rockefeller quickly realized his globally expanding Standard Oil was more a bank , consolidating his financial empire under a banking structure which resulted in the Chase Manhattan Bank ( the basis of Citigroup ) .
As long as an energy giant can manage its cash flows throughout the volatility of price fluctuations , it becomes a money and credit generating machine .
It can borrow with AAA yields anywhere on the curve and lend to less credit worthy entities at attractive spreads .
These lending differentials help fuel the $ 430T Interest Rate Swap OTC market .
BP has been able to spin off $ 20B of earnings for the last 5 years and $ 15B in cash last year .
All of this suddenly comes to an end if its credit rating is significantly impaired .
But what could possibly cause this to happen ?
It would take a black swan event .
An outlier .
A fat tail .
Sound familiar ?
Heard this discussion before ?
The Gulf Oil Disaster may be the fat tail to end all fat tails and shows the exposure behind the entire risk models of the vast majority of derivatives algorithm models .
To suggest that BP would need to take impairments north of $ 20B would have seemed out of the realm of possibilities less than 90 days ago .
Now , if it is contained to only $ 20B , it would be considered a blessing .
Fitch dropped BP ’s credit rating an unprecedented 6 notches on June 15th from AA to BBB which followed June 3rd's AA + to AA cut .
This is what happens when a fat tail occurs and it has only just begun .
CONTAGION HAS BEGUN
Though few are talking openly , it does n’t mean large amounts of money are n’t aggressively repositioning .
This repositioning is effectively de-leveraging and is consequentially a liquidity drain .
This comes as US M3 has gone negative and M2 , M1 are rapidly declining .
BP is going to face a massive liquidity crunch which has all the earmarks of triggering an already tenuous and worsening international liquidity situation .
I found the charts ( right ) published by Credit Derivatives Research to be very telling of the abrupt shift that has occurred .
Their charts show that the April 21st Macondo well explosion has triggered a significant inflection in the risk , counterparty and high yield areas .
A comparison with Government and High Grade Debt has a different profile ( see end of this report for the charts ) which reflects the European banking concerns associated with the southern European economies ( PIIGS ) .
It is important to differentiate these as separate drivers .
Both come as the percentage of corporate bonds considered in distress is at the highest in six months - a sign investors expect the economy to slow and defaults to rise .
This spells deleveraging .
WHAT WE KNOW ABOUT BP DERIVATIVES :
1 - CSO ( Credit Synthetic Obligations )
A study by Moody ’s outlines that a BP bankruptcy would impair 117 Collateralized Synthetic Obligations ( CSOs ) , which would lead to pervasive losses by a broad range of holders .
The 117 effected is a startling 18 % of the total CSOs outstanding , which is an indication of the scope and impact of BP financing globally .
For those that remember the 2008 financial debacle , you will recall its epicenter was the collapse of Collateralized Debt Obligations ( CDO ) associated with mortgages and Credit Default Swaps ( CDS ) of financial companies impacted .
CSOs are even more leveraged and toxic .
The exhibit above lists CSOs ( excluding CSOs backed by CSOs ) with over 3 % exposure
to the five companies involved in the Gulf of Mexico incident .
To quote Moody’s :
In the event of BP ’s restructuring or bankruptcy , CSO transactions referencing BP or its affected subsidiaries may experience what is called a “ credit event . ”
If the credit event occurs , the CSO transactions will have to meet their payment obligations to the protection buyers , which will result in the loss of subordination to the rated CSO tranches .
In cases where the subordination is no longer available , CSO investors will incur the loss .
….
We reviewed our entire universe of outstanding CSOs and determined that exposure to BP and its rated subsidiaries appears in 117 ( excluding CSOs backed by CSOs ) transactions , which represents approximately 18 % of global Moody ’s - rated CSOs .
Exposure ranged from 0.26 % to 2 % of the respective reference portfolios .
The transaction with the largest exposure to BP and its subsidiaries is Arosa Funding Limited – Series 2005 - 5 . Restructuring or Bankruptcy of Other Oil Companies Involved in the Spill Also Affects CSOs .
In addition , we assessed Moody ’s - rated CSO exposure to the other four companies and their subsidiaries that were involved in the Gulf of Mexico incident , which are Halliburton , Anadarko Petroleum , Transocean Inc. , and Cameron International .
Halliburton appears in 43 CSOs , Anadarko Petroleum appears in 28 CSOs , Transocean Inc. appears in 79 CSOs , and Cameron International appears in 6 CSOs .
We recently changed the credit outlooks for Transocean and Anadarko Petroleum , as well as their rated subsidiaries , to negative from stable because of uncertainties related to the companies ’ involvement in the Gulf of Mexico incident and potential financial liabilities associated with it .
The CSOs referencing one or more of these issuers would face credit event consequences in a scenario where any of them restructures or enters bankruptcy .
We need to recall that Transocean was the owner / operator of Deepwater Horizon with 131 of the actual 137 employed by Transocean ( RIG ) and that Anadarko ( APC ) was BP ’s 25 % partnership holder in the well .
Cameron International ( CAM ) was the builder of the faulty blowout preventer and Halliburton ( HAL ) the contractor for the well cementing operation in sealing the 13,350 foot Macondo drill site .
These players will no doubt be heavily involved in the litigation and compensation settlements , but additionally will have collateral damage on other oil industry participants as they are forced to raise cash for litigation and claims .
2 - CDS ( Credit Default Swaps )
On June 25th BP ’s Credit Default Swaps shot up 44 to 580 on the 5 years CDS .
This meant it costs $ 580,000 per year to ensure $ 10 million in BP bonds over a 5 year contract period .
Anything approaching 300 is considered serious risk .
For counterparties willing to pay this amount means their dynamic hedging models are working over time and a near panic scramble is taking place .
On June 16th Zero Hedge Reported :
The BP Curve has really flipped ( out ) .
The 1 year point on the curve is now over 1,000 bps , a 400 bps move in one day .
The point is also offerless ( bidless in traditional cash jargon ) .
Granted the DV01 so close to 0 is rather low , but this kind of ridiculous curve inversion is simply wreaking havoc on correlation desks .
The 6 month point is now 0.5 pts upfront .
Pretty soon BP will need to apply for the same ECB bailout that rescued all those banks who were risking a wipe out when Greek spreads were trading at comparable levels .
The question now becomes : who sold the bulk of the BP protection ?
BofA 's announcement yesterday ( 06 - 15 - 10 ) that it is limiting counterparty risk exposure with BP to all contracts over 1 year could be a rather material clue as to the identity of at least one such entity .
3 - BOND INVERSION
With Credit Default Swap concerns we would expect this to be reflected in BP ’s Yield Curve Spread .
What is interesting here is that the curve is inverted as is BP ’s CDS curve ( shown above ) .
Usually short term yields are less than longer term yields because of inherent risk over a longer period of time .
For instance , one heavily traded bond , which matures in March 2012 , traded with 9.48 % yield recently .
Meanwhile , further down the curve a bond that matures in March 2019 is trading at a yield of 7.74 % , less than the shorter - term bond .
This suggests that the market is pricing in a credit event .
A credit event would have a profound impact on OTC contracts , which we have no visibility to .
What we do know however is that BP has between $ 2 and $ 2.5 Billion in one year commercial paper to rollover that is required for trading operations and working capital .
This is going to make it both more expensive and harder to secure and will be a liquidity drain for BP .
4 – LIQUIDTY REQUIREMENTS
To the above Commercial paper roll - over ( $ 2 - $ 2.5B in one year ) , ongoing new and rollover debt issuance , we need to add the $ 20 B it has agreed with the White House to put in place , though we know of no detailed agreement actually being signed .
5 - SHORT INTEREST
The Financial Times Alphaville via Data Explorers reported the short interest through June 4th .
As you can see from the graph below by stripping out the spike related to the last dividend payment , the underlying level of stock outstanding on loan ( SOOL ) has barely budged since the spill .
So , short sellers ca n’t be blamed for the plunge ; the selling must be coming from somewhere else , such as long - only funds .
Rumors circulated 06/10/10 that Norges Bank was looking to offload 330 m shares .
Brokers said the total Transatlantic volume of stock traded in BP 06-09 - 10 had a value of $ 8 bn .
To put that figure into some perspective , the total volume traded on the entire EuroStoxx index on the same day amounted to $ 15 bn .
Moreover , since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded on April 21st , 70 per cent of BP ’s market cap has turned over , most of it in the US .
Trading volumes in BP American Depository Receipts ( ADRs ) are usually 10 per cent lower than the ordinary shares in London .
Since the spill , that position has been reversed and the ADRs have traded 3.5 times the ordinaries , all of which suggests BP ’s largest US investor base have been dumping stock .
How long before equity shorting begins ?
It must be noted here that this is BP equity .
Shorting activity of BP debt is all together another matter especially concerning dynamic hedging , with again much less visibility .
6 - OPTIONS ACTIVITY
Wall Street Pit on 06/10/10 wrote that “ Options volume on beleaguered oil company , BP PLC , is fast approaching 750,000 contracts , fueling a more than 79.7 % upward shift in the stock ’s overall reading of options implied volatility to a 5 - year high of 120.96 % .
Options activity on the stock can easily be described as frenzied as volume continues to grow in both call and put options across multiple expiries . ”
COST OF CAPITAL IS SKYROCKETING FOR BP WHICH AS FUNDAMENTALLY AN ENERGY FINANCING CORPORATION CAN BE TERMINAL !
SIZE & SCOPE OF LITIGATION
Are the final gulf oil spill costs going to be $ 20B or $ 60B ?
Does anyone know ?
I personally believe it is closer to the latter than the former .
If we just use the reported oil spillage numbers for comparison we might get a better understanding of the complete failure to grasp the scope of the disaster .
According to the Financial Times , the oil spillage was reported as follows :
SPILLAGE COST INCREASE
( bls. /day ) TO DATE
April 20 1000
May 4 5000
May 7 5000 350M
May 14 5000 625M
May 28 15,500 950M
June 3 19,000 990M
June 8 15,500 1,250M
June 10 15,500 1,430M
June 17 15,500 1,600M
June 23 25,800 2,600M
Spillage increased by 25 X in 60 days
As time passes the numbers are rising exponentially .
Engineers are warning that the capture will be complicated and scientists monitoring the situation are predicting the spill will prove larger than the current estimates are reflecting .
An expert in the field , Matt Simmons of Simmons International has stated that the flows are over 100,000 barrels per day .
Most independent experts agree .
Assuming $ 4,000 / barrel damages costs , 100,000 barrels per day flow rates , a 90 day flow duration ( minimal ) , we arrive at clean - up , litigation and damage compensation of approximately $ 32B .
This is nearly twice the US escrow account agreement and within our expectations of between $ 20 and 60B .
There are a range of issues regarding further leaks , shifting seafloor , methane levels , hurricanes , disbursement effects and many more that are surfacing daily that will have significant negative impact on current analysis and assumptions .
An element of future litigation that is very concerning is the amount of punitive damages that may be awarded .
After the White House sent Attorney General Eric Holder to New Orleans to threaten BP with criminal prosecution , BP responded that it believes a case of negligence ca n’t be proven .
However , the Deepwater Horizon travesty comes at a particularly bad time for BP .
According to Caroline Baum at Bloomberg : “ BP is already the most reviled company in America .
Two of its refineries accounted for 97 percent of the violations ( a total of 862 , of which 760 were “ egregious willful ” ) in the refining industry over the last three years , according to the Center for Public Integrity .
It holds the record for the largest fine ( $ 87 million ) ever levied by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration . ”
Additionally , the US Chemical Safety & Hazard Investigation Board has immediately jumped into the oil spill investigation as they did previously at the 2005 fire and explosion of BP ’s Texas City refinery that killed 15 and injured many others .
After Moody ’s cut Anadarko ’s rating to junk late on June 18th , the US oil company ( a 25 per cent non-operating investor in the Macondo well ) broke its eight - week silence with this broadside from CEO Jim Hackett :
“ The mounting evidence clearly demonstrates that this tragedy was preventable and the direct result of BP ’s reckless decisions and actions .
Frankly , we are shocked by the publicly available information that has been disclosed in recent investigations and during this week ’s testimony that , among other things , indicates BP operated unsafely and failed to monitor and react to several critical warning signs during the drilling of the Macondo well .
BP ’s behavior and actions likely represent gross negligence or willful misconduct and thus affect the obligations of the parties under the operating agreement . ”
We can safely surmise that the stab in the dark by the White House of $ 20B is about as accurate as its forecasts of GDP growth , unemployment improvement and the Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
Slim to none .
A more realistic number is likely substantially larger and will likely surface soon .
However , anything larger than $ 20B is likely to be the immediate nail in the coffin for BP as evidenced by how quickly the newly elected British Prime Minister was dispatched to the White House to stop the mounting implosion of both BP and the seriously impacted British Pension system .
BP RESPONSE
BP has stated it has immediate cash available of $ 15B and will raise additional cash via :
Asset Sales Capital Expenditure Cuts Dividend Cut for the Next 3 Quarters
LEHMAN BROS / BEAR STREARNS DEATH SPIRAL
To again quote Jim Sinclair at jsmineset.com : “ BP is the primary player on the long - end of the energy curve .
How exposed are Goldman sub J. Aron , Morgan Stanley and JPM ?
Probably hugely .
Now credit has been cut to BP .
Counter - parties will not accept their name beyond one year in duration .
This is unheard of .
A giant is on the ropes .
If he falls , the very earth may shake as he hits the ground .
As we are beginning to see , the Western pension structure , financial trading and global credit are all inter - twined .
BP is central to this , as a massive supplier of what many believe (d ) to be AAA credit .
So while we see banks roll over and die , and sovereign entities begin to falter … we now have a major oil company on the verge of going under .
Another leg of the global economic " chair " is being viciously kicked out from under us . ”
The whole BP travesty is quickly compounded via the OTC Derivatives market and the risk inherent within it .
As it was in Lehman , opacity is once again experienced when transparency is most critically required .
Finance has always been about risk determination but never before with so much leverage associated with risk assessments and held in such complex , dependent structured instruments .
Investors are still unprotected .
The Frank - Dodd Bill is now nothing more than watered down window dressing before it finally reaches legislative approval and even before it begins the regulatory supervision machinations .
Investors hate uncertainty and we have nothing but uncertainty here : Political Legal Financial Business CONCLUSIONS
The most likely scenario is that the US operations of BP will voluntarily attempt Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings .
This is the worst possible scenario for claimants .
The problem here is that this triggers a credit event which has daunting repercussions to the highly leveraged global financial markets .
Like AIG before , the government does not want to tamper with the ramifications and fall out of a CDS event .
Lehman was one too many .
If a US voluntary bankruptcy is stopped by the US and there is a BP corporate bankruptcy , then there is a strong possibility that the British Government will be forced to step in and bailout BP .
In the end , the tax payer will pay as the ongoing game of Regulatory Arbitrage is played masterfully once again .
Deleveraging associated with BP may be the event that triggers the $ 5T Quantitative Easing spike we have been warning about for some time now .
It will be needed to complete the final process of manufacturing of a Minsky Melt - up to avoid the looming pension , entitlement and US state financial crisis .
The ability of the government to achieve this is anything but certain .
However , we need to expect the unexpected and watch out for fat tails to trip over .
The Dodd - Frank Legislation leaves investors & taxpayers once again exposed to another Lehman The Regulatory Arbitrage Game Continues . .
UNFOLDING BP FINANCIAL EVENTS ARE TRACKED DAILY ON THE Tipping Points WEB PAGE Sign Up for the next release in the SULTANS OF SWAP series : Commentary The last Sultans of Swap article : SULTANS OF SWAP : The Get Away !
Gordon T Long gtlong@comcast.net
Web : Tipping Points
Mr. Long is a former executive with IBM & Motorola , a principle in a high tech start - up and founder of a private Venture Capital fund .
He is presently involved in Private Equity Placements Internationally in addition to proprietary trading that involves the development & application of Chaos Theory and Mandelbrot Generator algorithms .
Gordon T
Long is not a registered advisor and does not give investment advice .
His comments are an expression of opinion only and should not be construed in any manner whatsoever as recommendations to buy or sell a stock , option , future , bond , commodity or any other financial instrument at any time .
While he believes his statements to be true , they always depend on the reliability of his own credible sources .
Of course , he recommends that you consult with a qualified investment advisor , one licensed by appropriate regulatory agencies in your legal jurisdiction , before making any investment decisions , and barring that , we encourage you confirm the facts on your own before making important investment commitments .
© Copyright 2010 Gordon T Long .
The information herein was obtained from sources which Mr. Long believes reliable , but he does not guarantee its accuracy .
None of the information , advertisements , website links , or any opinions expressed constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any securities or commodities .
Please note that Mr. Long may already have invested or may from time to time invest in securities that are recommended or otherwise covered on this website .
Mr. Long does not intend to disclose the extent of any current holdings or future transactions with respect to any particular security .
You should consider this possibility before investing in any security based upon statements and information contained in any report , post , comment or recommendation you receive from him .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
dvdivx
02 Jul 10 , 07:55 BP
Unlike US only firms BP has the option of international bankruptcy and it may be the only choice they have if the well fails and the leak can't be contained .
They would loose US assets but at least would survive .
The US based companies would be ruined and tens of thousands of high paying jobs in the US as well as over 8 % GDP would be lost .
I would love to see an article on how a US only bankruptcy would look like .
This article is one of the best I 've seen here recently .
I can say the spill will kill the oil industry in the US .
No company would drill here in the Ocean unless they were insane .
Ivan Guru
07 Jul 10 , 02:55 One More Reason for Crash
Well , this is very professional piece of journalism .
However , one another reason for crash is coming .
In hands of tens of engineers , scientists and tech .
developers is 3rd generation of Steorn ORBO for one important purpose : replications .
3rd generation is solid state ( non moving parts ) , no bearings , no lubrication , no noise .
Few minutes after massive ( for example 50 ) replications worldwide , stocks and commodity analysts may start thinking .
And result of such thinking is clear in advance .
Not only BP and Anadarko , coal and powerplant industries are hot candidates for rating " updates " Free , clean electricity and heat from quiet , cheap ORBO .
Rodolfo
07 Jul 10 , 04:54 LOL !
perpetual energy ?
Yeah , our problem will be solved breaking the 1st thermodynamic law .
I just say , LOL !
Frank
07 Jul 10 , 13:20 Anti BP Propaganda
This is a bogus article .
No where did i see a two - sides analysis .
Your only attempt in this highly useless propaganda piece is to incite fear and panic .
Aside from the exaggeration and poor analysis , the fact that you quite goofs like Zero Hedge and others shows that you follow clowns , making you a bigger clown .
I hope you are not short BP .
If so , you should have made this disclosure .
TGFD
09 Jul 10 , 12:05 The World - Wide Derivatives Market
TGFD here .
I would welcome a total collapse of the world - wide derivatives market , and sooner rather than later .
That market has been responsible for the ongoing worldwide financial disaster that has its roots in 1999 .
A new , clean , fresh start without derivatives .
Naked derivatives in particular , as they are the most onerous .
If one does not already own the underlying security , then one can not own its derivatives .
No borrowing bull$ hit or so - called ' market - maker ' bull $ hit either .
No 3 - day ' grace period ' , since that is a disgraceful practice anyway .
TGFD is hoping for the collapse .
Jean - Francois Morf
09 Jul 10 , 15:47 PUT options polluting the planet !
" What if " all executives and all engineers of BIG OIL have massively bought long term PUT options on underlying BIG OIL stocks ( and also on banks stocks ) :
Suddenly , no technical solution is good enough to stop the spill , because the more they wait , the more BIG OIL stocks falls , the more their PUTs options rises , the more they becomes all multi-millionairs , at cost of the stupid banks which market makers computers have sold them these stupid PUTs !
Jean - Francois Morf
09 Jul 10 , 15:54 1 quadrillion $ derivatives manipulate 50 trillion $ stocks !
First letter :
To stop the oil leaking pipe , BP need a new floating drilling plattform , drilling a new steel pipe , the diamond drill having been replaced by a long steel cone , followed by a steel pipe only a little smaller then the existing steel pipe inside the ocean floor .
When the new smaller pipe will have been drilled down many miles deep into the old pipe , their will be no more leaking oil .
After then , BP will crack the long conical head , miles deep under the ocean bottom , and the oil will flow again to the new drilling plattform , through the new just a little smaller steel pipe ...
Answer : Dear Jean - Francois
Morf ,
Thank you so much for taking the time to think about and submit your proposed solution regarding the Horizon incident .
Your submission has been reviewed for its technical merits .
Unfortunately , the team has determined that your idea cannot be applied under the very challenging and specific operating conditions we face .
All of us on the Horizon Support Team appreciate your thoughts and efforts .
Sincerely yours , Horizon Support Team Second letter : PUT OPTIONS GAINS BLENDING OIL ENGINEERS ?
Imagine every officers and every engineers of " big oil " have bought all together many billions $ of long term PUT options on underlying BP stocks , Transocean stocks , and banks stocks ...
Every feasible common sense solution to stop the spill becomes suddenly " not applicable " , because the more the BP and Transocean stocks falls , the more they all together wins trilllions $ , at cost of the stupid banks , whose market makers computers have sold them all these controversy PUT options !
A perverse effect more of the casino derivative market , ( of one quadrillion $ ) that is about 20 times bigger that the real world stock market !
( google : quadrillion derivatives ) .
If anybody can confirm my hypothesis , please publish the polluting interest conflict scandal of all these PUT holders !
( Other scandal : Transocean made his IPO just before disaster in Switzerland and not in USA : did they know something was wrong ... )
HOW STOP THE SPILL WHEN ALL BP PEOPLES HAVE PUT OPTIONS ?
1 ) PUT options on BP and BP America stocks should immediately be nationalized , until the spill disaster is repaired .
2 ) US Army cut out ( with breaking explosives ) the Blowout Preventer ( 3 faucets in serial ) at ocean floor level .
3 ) US army ( with the triest submarine ) push into the spilling pipe a very long pointed steel cone , tungsten filled , until the cone block ( set ) into the old pipe .
4 ) Big electrical puls weld the new cone to the old pipe .
5 ) Then the Triest submarine can release the down pressure on the new steel cone , now welded .
6 ) US army cast concrete over all , so the spill remains closed forever , even if steel or tungsten would corrode .
7 ) US Army analyse if the 3 faucets in serial have really functioned one time for the test , or if the US inspectors where fully corrupted ( millions $ tip ) .
Answer : Dear Jean - Francois
Morf ,
Thank you so much for taking the time to think about and submit your proposed solution regarding the Horizon incident .
Your submission has been reviewed for its technical merits .
Unfortunately , the team has determined that your idea cannot be applied under the very challenging and specific operating conditions we face .
All of us on the Horizon Support Team appreciate your thoughts and efforts .
Sincerely yours , Horizon Support Team
Third letter : USA has about 0,04 billion new poors ( discouraged workers , not in the jobless statistic ) .
You will need all them to repare the coast , at cost of BP !
And if BP does not pay : nationalise BP !
Answer : Dear Jean - Francois
Morf ,
Thank you so much for taking the time to think about and submit your proposed solution regarding the Horizon incident .
Your submission has been reviewed for its technical merits .
A similar approach has already been considered or planned for possible implementation .
All of us on the Horizon Support Team appreciate your thoughts and efforts .
Sincerely yours , Horizon Support Team Enfin , ma toute première lettre : ( publiée dans l'Agefi ) A toutes les victimes des traders , Imaginons que BP avait vendu " short " les actions de tous les actionnaires BP , pour acheter aux " market makers " des millions d'options PUTs à long terme , sur actions BP ...
Avec l'effet levier des options , plus longtemps BP ferait l'idiot , plus BP deviendrait multi-billionaire , afin de pouvoir se payer les meilleurs avocats !
Ce serait un nouvel effet pervers des produits dérivés , un marché de casino , 20 fois plus gros que le marché des actions !
( googlez derivative quadrillion $ )
Et cela expliquerait la chute impressionnante des actions bancaires dont les ordinateurs auraient imprudemment vendu les options PUTs sur BP ...
Avez -vous comme moi l'impression que BP n'a jamais eu l'intention d'obturer son forage , ( ni d'ailleurs de réparer les dégâts , car à l'impossible , nul n'est tenu ) .
Pourtant , cela ne devrait pas être bien sorcier de faire descendre lentement dans le centre du trou , ( depuis une nouvelle plate forme pétrolière flottante ) , une pointe en acier en forme de cône très allongé , qui obturerait très progressivement le trou , au fur et à mesure qu'elle s'enfoncerait de plusieurs
Km dans le trou , le diamètre du tube en acier après la vis étant calculé pour ne pas faire éclater le trou , mais simplement pour glisser dedans et le boucher progressivement .
Donc un processus qui serait très apparenté à un nouveau forage pétrolier , en remplaçant simplement le foret au diamant par un long cône d'acier , suivi d'un nouveau tube légèrement plus petit que le tube existant .
Une fois le nouveau tube arrivé tout au fond du trou , BP ferait se fissurer la pointe en acier , et le nouveau tube conduirait alors le pétrole vers la nouvelle plate forme flottante !
Dans tout nouveau forage pétrolier aussi , le foret au diamant doit bien être guidé vers le trou central du bloc de béton qui a été coulé au fond de la mer comme point de départ du nouveau forage : la technique pour viser le centre d'un trou existe donc certainement ...
Avez - vous vu l'interview du directeur de BP ?
Vivement que BP soit repris en mains par un concurrent moins arrogant !
Meilleures salutations Jean - François Morf ingénieur ETHZ MBA HEC UNIL Rte de Mon Moulin 4 E CH - 1906 Charrat / VS Tel : +4179 466 73 66
You know how we are .
Bunch of shrill liberal crybabies who hate freedom and love terrorists , wish we could destroy all vestiges of American business and give every hard - earned penny that you earn to welfare queens , etc .
All of which is true , especially the parts about how George Soros is secretly paying us all ( anybody want to chill on my yacht this weekend ? ) .
In fact , George is funding this venture himself in an attempt to further undermine the fabric of American society .
What is less known , though , is that us dirty hippie liberals also love sports .
No , seriously .
Baseball , football , hoops , soccer , Lithuanian goat rodeo , you name it .
So a bunch of us have started the Dirty Hippie Sports Talk blog .
Some early members include our ringleader , Jeff Tiedrich of Smirking Chimp ; Adam Bink of Open Left ; Mike Lux ; Matt Browner Hamlin ; Eric Hoffpauir ; Brian Keeler ( The Albany Project ) ; Sean Paul Kelly ( The Agonist ) ; Adam Lambert ; Mike Nellis ; Rafael Noboa y Rivera ; the esteemed Guy Saperstein ( who ’s actually the nephew of Abe Saperstein , founder of the Harlem Globetrotters ) ; Richard Allen Smith ( VoteVets ) and Professor Rex .
S&R is represented by myself and my good friend , Russ Wellen , who it turns out knows about a lot more than just nukular proliferation .
If the idea of vaguely progressive wankers saying insightful things about your favorite ( and most hated ) teams sounds interesting , stop by .
We ’ve just gotten off the ground , so it will be a few days before we have a fully - stocked pantry , so to speak , but it ’s always good to get in on a conspiracy early .
See you there .
And congrats to the US soccer team , which somehow managed to win another cardiac inducer this morning .
ST . LOUIS – “ Organized , mobilized unity in action – that is what will save the ordinary American , ” Stewart Acuff , of the Utility Workers ’ Union of America , told a packed Jobs with Justice Workers ’ Rights Board meeting here June 18 .
Acuff referred to the past ten years as the “ decade of disaster . ”
He said , this decade has brought “ zero job growth . ”
“ Currently , 1 - in - 5 Americans is unemployed , 1 - in - 8 are on food stamps , and wages have been stagnant since the 1980’s .
America has officially stopped working for ordinary Americans , ” he concluded .
Additionally , while productivity has increased 75 percent over the past 30 years , and while CEO pay has increased from 40 - times the average workers ’ pay in 1980 to 422 - times the average workers ’ pay today , most Americans make less today than they did in 1973 .
“ We have greater wealth and income inequality today than during the Great Depression , ” Acuff said .
Acuff added this is the result of an “ intentional shift of wealth to the filthy rich . ”
“ The financial elite understand the relationship between wealth and power .
They have changed public policy , gambled recklessly with the world ’s wealth , and have operated the biggest casino in the history of the world , while average , ordinary Americans no -longer have the money to make our economy work . ”
“ Consumer buying power is gone , ” he concluded .
“ This is a direct result of an assault on unions , ” he added .
“ Unions are the largest source of power for workers .
They are the back - bone .
They make the middle class possible . ”
However , over 20,000 workers are illegally punished every year for legal union activity .
Additionally , 90 percent of employers hire anti-union law firms .
“ The union busting business is a $ 4 billion dollar - a - year industry , ” Acuff said .
In fact , 30 percent of employers fire union leaders to make examples out of them .
And 40 percent of union campaigns never see a first contract due to employer intimidation , stalling and illegal activity .
“ This assault , ” Acuff said , “ has had a terrible impact on our country , our economy , and on workers ’ lives . ”
According to Acuff , “ Free market capitalism , unfettered capitalism , always , ultimately destroys . ”
However , he added , “ The answer to this crisis is uncomplicated . ”
“ First we have to focus on the common good .
Second , we have to re-learn how to work together , collectively .
Third , we need to invest in America , we need to rebuild our infrastructure and resurrect our manufacturing base .
Forth , we need to create a green - energy economy that puts Americans back to work . ”
He added , “ This is the formula for how we got out of the Great Depression . ”
Acuff called for a unified labor movement to work together with community organizations , women ’s rights groups , youth , the LGBT rights movement , clergy and people of color .
He said , “ We do n’t have the luxury of division .
We share a common challenge , a common destiny . ”
He added , “ We ’ve accomplished the first , hardest step .
The election of Barack Obama was a historic first step . ”
Acuff characterized the Tea Party as “ fraud ” used to manipulate the real frustrations of ordinary Americans .
“ The mid-term elections this year , ” Acuff added , “ are very important .
We are in a brutal fight over the direction of our country . ”
PHOTO ; Marilyn Bechtel
If you thought Google and a few “ spam app ” developers simply had a misunderstanding with the disappearance of their entire catalog of apps the other day , then guess again .
One developer – So Wallpapers – had a representative contact AndroidGuys to inform them that their apps had been wiped clean from the market , too .
Over 1,500 apps would see their demise , but it was n’t just the ones Google might ’ve considered “ spam ” .
“ I ca n’t believe it .
Our other good apps were also removed . ”
That ’s quite unfortunate , but perhaps he has a point as to why he had to use spam apps to make up for the lack of revenue they were getting from other apps .
“ We did n’t want to have to [ spam the market ] .
But the Android Market does n’t have many people who like to pay for apps .
So how is a developer to live ?
Just off of ad revenue ? ”
According to their source , the developer has more than one account which they can use to submit apps to the Android market with all of them accounting for more than 1,000 apps .
These apps are adult in nature and have yet to be pulled from the market .
Irony ensues , but the developer is n’t waiting to play nice with Google :
We will still flood the Android Market until it provides a better profit environment .
We will fire in the end !
We welcome other developers to join with us . ”
Anyone that ’s read my commentary on the subject of different revenue models in the Android market will know that I ca n’t stand to see developers ( that truly earn it ) not get money from their userbases ( the people that actually express interest in their apps before the developer realizes they need to make some money ) .
But it ’s another thing when you ’re polluting the market to get a buck from apps you could n’t care less about because users do n’t find your other apps worth spending money for .
Ad - based revenue is n’t always a dead - end either : more than a few developers have expressed joy from the revenue they ’ve generated through ads .
One developer – MHGames ( the one - man team behind the Bejeweled clone Jewels ) – has been making quite a nice living off of his lone Android game for a while now .
Even if he needs to start his project up for the iPhone ( due to a newborn baby that he needs to support ) , he still claims Android to be his “ baby ” project that made him quite the collection of pennies over the months .
“ I ’m not allowed to share any numbers , but it ’s been waaay over my lowly expectations .. “
Make a good product and the numbers will come .
Do n’t pollute Android ’s ( admittedly sloppy ) marketplace with useless apps , though , as it ’s a very painful experience for other developers , users , and Google alike .
I hope no developer takes him up on his offer and I can’t bring myself to feel sorry for his particular situation with Google due to how he handled it .
For all you other developers ?
This is how not to get into anyone ’s good graces .
Editor 's note : June 12 marks one year since the Iranian presidential election and subsequent popular protests against the re-election of hard liner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
The Iranian authorities reacted to the protest — ostensibly led by opposition political figures — by sending in police and the Basij , a paramilitary group , resulting in deaths , and suppressing media coverage .
The authorities later blocked websites , mobile phone transmissions and text messaging , and banned rallies .
In a series of raids across Tehran , over 170 people were arrested in the crackdown , among them prominent reformist politicians and journalists .
One of those arrested , photographer Majid Saeedi , was on June 21 sentenced to three years imprisonment for photographing during the elections .
This story was written prior to his sentencing .
KABUL , Afghanistan — Majid Saeedi , an Iranian , stepped out of his hotel in Kandahar City , leaned against a parked car and smoked a last cigarette after a harrowing few days photographing a city on edge .
Then , he hailed a taxi to the airport , thankful that he was leaving behind these tense streets just as a NATO campaign to quash growing Taliban influence loomed .
Fifteen minutes later , as Saeedi checked into his flight to Kabul , that same car he had leant against exploded , tearing the facade off his hotel and wounding seven people .
“ I was relieved to survive but upset not to have been there to photograph the aftermath , ” was Saeedi ’s blase reaction .
“ I wrote an email to my editor in London apologizing . ”
A two - time winner of the Picture of the Year International award for his work from Iran , and a contributor to Getty Images , Saeedi is used to putting himself at risk , whether in conflicts in Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan and Lebanon , or back home in Iran .
Last year , the risks taken by photographers in his homeland worsened in the aftermath of the disputed 2009 presidential elections .
The regime of re-elected president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad detained dozens of photographers in Tehran in a citywide crackdown , effectively criminalizing the profession .
Saeedi became one of the crackdown ’s most prominent victims .
Arrested by intelligence officials at night at his home , he spent 39 days held in Tehran 's Evin Prison and on a Revolutionary Guard military base .
He was subjected to torture and summoned to appear as part of televised show trials orchestrated by the regime and designed to demonstrate that the post-election protests were sparked by the West .
Saeedi was released on $ 200,000 bail and banned from working in Iran .
Putting up his house in Tehran as collateral for his bail , Saeedi moved in December to Afghanistan .
“ The way Tehran has handled the Saeedi case , as cruel as it has been , is unfortunately no different than the way they ’ve handled the cases of the scores of other journalists who are currently or were previously imprisoned , ” said Mohamed Abdel Dayem , the Middle East program coordinator for the Committee to Protect Journalists in New York .
“ Ultimately , Tehran must — sooner or later — come to the realization that its current posture with regard to critical journalism is not sustainable . ”
This week , Saeedi is back in Tehran , awaiting his trial date , the date of which keeps getting pushed back .
On Wednesday , his case was adjourned to next week , when a verdict is expected to be issued .
Saeedi ’s case is no exception .
Hundreds of journalists and photographers have passed through Iran ’s prisons since last summer , charged with acting as a fifth column for Western interests seeking to provoke a revolution and overthrow the Islamic Republic .
Over 50 journalists remain in jail , a third of all journalists imprisoned worldwide , according to a new report by the World Association of Newspapers and News Publishers .
On Wednesday , well - known female journalist Jila Baniyaghoob was sentenced to one year in prison and banned from writing for 30 years .
Another renowned journalist , Ahmad Zeidabadi , was sentenced last November to six years imprisonment and issued a lifetime ban on writing .
Proportionally , Iran ’s photographic fraternity has suffered the most .
Four photographers were imprisoned after the elections and another 10 fled the country .
They have either applied for political asylum in neighboring countries such as Turkey and Iraq , or are considering it .
Others , like Satyar Emami , a colleague simultaneously arrested with Saeedi , did prison time , were released and have turned away from political photography to less risky occupations .
But none aside from Saeedi took as radical a step as moving to war - torn Afghanistan to continue earning a living .
“ I wanted to work and have never been political , ” Saeedi said .
“ I was arrested for my work and I need to continue working . ”
Saeedi swapped a comfortable house in Tehran and a high - visibility job working as the picture editor of a major news agency for a small apartment in a dust - choked street in Kabul ’s Shahr-e Now district .
The area is patrolled by Kalashnikov - toting soldiers and ringed with cement blast walls , barbed wire and police roadblocks searching for incoming suicide bombers .
Now almost permanently hunched over his laptop when not out chasing car - bomb aftermaths , Saeedi fields calls from media colleagues , monitors international news coverage of Afghanistan , and arranges stories to shoot in the neighborhoods of Kabul .
“ I ’ve become a war photographer , ” he said , sipping from a cup of tea as he sought to arrange access to the Kangoral Valley shortly after the Taliban seized it from retreating American forces in April .
“ We ’re the people that are sent in to do the most dangerous , most risky work . ”
When not dealing with war zones where few Western photographers would ever dream of venturing , Saeedi worries about his impending court date in Tehran .
His trial date has been set close to the one - year anniversary of last June ’s elections which is widely expected to become a flash point for opposition sympathizers .
“ If the law were to be respected , I would be proven innocent because I did nothing but my duty as a photojournalist , ” Saeedi said in Kabul .
“ In the way that I photographed [ opposition figure Mir- Hossein ] Mousavi ’s campaign I also photographed Ahmadinejad’s . ”
“ Why should I be judged for photographing Mousavi but not Ahmadinejad ? ”
GlobalPost coverage on the protests :
' Do n't the Basij have parents ? '
A farewell to Tehran
Protester vs. protester in Iran
The global view : GlobalPost correspondents from around the world weigh in on Iran .
Snapshots from Tehran 's Revolution Square
Unrest continues in Iran :
The third day of protests in Tehran , and news agencies come under pressure .
Tehran 's wild nights of protest : Iran 's election aftermath —
The view from the streets of Tehran
' New ' dawn breaks over Iran : Mousavi supporters cry foul as news of Ahmadinejad 's win spreads .
Iran 's elections :
The view from the highway —
Will the country vote to keep conservative leader or choose reform candidate ?
Analysis :
Iranian rockers find their voice
Oil , unrest and some very nervous Saudis .
Interview : Middle East analyst Rachel Bronson sorts it all out .
Revolution , Tiananmen , or something else ?
Opinion : Though Ahmadinejad will likely have a second term , this election wo n't soon be forgotten .
Obama 's dilemma .
Be careful when you extend a hand .
Sometimes the world bites .
Iran votes in record - breaking numbers : Country awaits results in election that has become a referendum on Iran 's polarizing president .
Young , Iranian and ready for change : Amid the carnival atmosphere in Tehran , the feeling is that change has already occurred , no matter who wins Friday 's election .
Iranians anoint their ' Michelle Obama ' : Parallels are being drawn between the American first lady and the wife of the main opposition candidate in the June 12 presidential poll .
Iran 's elections :
The view from the US — Mousavi wins in Boston : Opinions of some Iranians who voted in Beantown
A path to change or more of the same ? :
The level of debate in the run-up to Friday 's presidential poll has surprised even the hard - line president .
It appears , going by some advertisements popping up online just before E3 kicks off , that Microsoft plans to unveil a new model of the Xbox 360 .
What , then , does this new console bring to the table ?
Advertisement
For starters , as you can see , the most immediate difference is in the look of the machine .
Gone are the smooth lines of the current model , replaced by something that looks sharp , and angry .
It 's definitely not the path I thought Microsoft would take in trying to make the Xbox 360 more " family focused " , and I 'm not a fan of its " PC case mod " design .
Advertisement
Advertisements say that , in terms of storage , this new Xbox has a 250 GB hard drive .
A good amount , but there are already 360s available with that capacity , so it 's hardly a game - changer .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A more promising new feature is the inclusion of a built - in wi-fi adapter , something gamers have been crying out for since the original Xbox 360 does not include one and Microsoft 's add - on device is priced extortionately .
Advertisement
The original rumours , some of which took to calling this the " Xbox 360 Slim " , everyone assuming that becase the PlayStation 3's second model got smaller that Microsoft would follow suit .
But looking at the size of this console 's disc tray and power button ( itself newly - designed ) , it does n't appear to be significantly smaller than the existing Xbox 360 .
A little thinner , perhaps , but nothing drastic .
Advertisement
Assuming that the advertisements are 100 % legitimate ( and Microsoft obviously is n't going to clarify this ahead of its E3 press conference ) , that 's all the stuff we know .
So what can we assume ?
Well , we can assume it 's a new console designed with two things in mind : to cut production costs and give the Xbox 360 a mid-life facelift to coincide with the launch of Project Natal and a fresh new image for Microsoft 's game machine .
Advertisement
While this means it'll likely have the same level of performance as existing Xbox 360s ( same horsepower , same memory , etc ) , you 'd think it will also have an all - new internal design ( like , say , this one , spotted a few months back ) , utilising smaller , more efficient chips and better heat management .
It would be great if it was also quieter .
Advertisement
This would in turn lead to a price cut on the console , perhaps down to the $ 199 mark of the existing Arcade model , while " older " Xbox 360s would presumably go on sale to clear out old stock .
A cheaper price point would certainly help new consumers deal with the sticker shock of having to buy an Xbox 360 and Project Natal to get in on the next big thing .
The only pictures we 've got so far of this supposed refresh do n't seem to show anything else ; or at least nothing else drastic , like Project Natal somehow being built into the console .
The one minor thing I can see is that there does n't appear to be any USB ports on the front of the console , which if correct would be a pain for anyone that plays Rock Band regularly .
Advertisement
There are two final things I 'd like to know : one , whether the Xbox 360 controller has seen a redesign as well ; it was built to complement the curves of the original Xbox 360 design , so if the new 360 is sharp and angry , will a new controller follow suit ?
I hope not .
I like the current control pads just the way they are .
Secondly , the last few times we 've seen Project Natal , it was white .
Maybe this new Xbox 360 will be available in two colours ?
Advertisement
One last thing before we get too carried away , remember : this is n't confirmed .
And likely wo n't be until Microsoft 's E3 press conference .
Advertisement
Click to view
Click to view
tzi has not been put on ice , on the contrary – things are hotting up for him !
By decoding tzi the Iceman ’s DNA , scientists have reached a new milestone in their study of the world ’s mostfamous glacier mummy .
Experts from three institutions have pooled their skills in order to map tzis entire genetic make - up : Albert Zink , Head of the EURAC Institute for Mummies and the Iceman , together with Carsten Pusch , from the Institute of Human Genetics at the University of Tbingen and Andreas Keller from the biotech firm febit in Heidelberg .
Together the researchers reached a historic moment in the study of the 5,000 year old mummy .
tzi ’s genetic profile is based on a defrosted bone sample extracted from the pelvis of the ice mummy .
The scientists then used sequencing technology to decode the millions of building blocks which make up tzis genome , creating a DNA library which contains the largest data set ever recovered from the iceman .
This work on the iceman turned out to be a ground - breaking activity for the research team .
We are dealing here with old DNA which in addition is heavily fragmented , explains Albert Zink , who is entrusted with the care of tzi .
When a body was found on the Austro - Italian border in 1991 , 3210 metres above sea level , it was at first assumed to be a modern corpse .
Only afterthe bodywas removed from the ice , radiocarbon dating onthe upper thigh bone revealed the corpse ’sto be that of a LateNeolithicmountaineer.tzi , as the 5300 - year - old glacier corpse was soon nicknamed was found fully clothed and with his hair , eyes and even content of his intestines still intact .
Although the mummy weights only 13 kilograms , the Chalcolithic iceman must have weighed about 50 , and is estimated to have been 1.60 metres tall .
He wore his dark brown hair loose at shoulder lenght , and had dots and lines tattood on his lower spine , behind his left knee and on his right ankle , likely inteded as a cure for arthritis .
Amongst others , the iceman carried a copper axe , a flint knife , arrows and an unfinished bow .
We knowtheIceman was not in good health when he died , but thecause and exact circumstances of tzi’s death in early summer and around the age of 46 are still debated .
At first it was thought he was surprised by a winter storm , or ritually sacrificed .
Only in 2001 , the discovery of an arrowhead lodged in tzi’s shoulder prompted speculation that he died a violent death .
Further research revealed bruises and cuts , as well as evidence the Tyrolean Iceman received a blow to the head .
It is unlikely tzi was alone at the time of his death .
In 2000 , scientists defrosted the natural mummy for the first time and sampled DNA from his intestines .
The study of tzi’s mitochondrial DNA showed he belongs to subhaplogroup K1 , meaning he shares an a common ancestor with at least 8 % of modern Europeans .
Further research found that surprisingly he belongs to a branch of that genetic group that is thought to beextinct , or at leastextremelyrare .
Albert Zink and Andreas Keller recently published ( in collaboration with the Egyptian team led by Zahi Hawass ) the latest findings on the life and the medical condition of Tutankhamen and his family .
They hope to do the same for tzi and are studying tzi’s genetic profile , looking for answers to the many questions surrounding the iceman and human evolution .
Which genetic mutations can be observed between earlier and present day populations ?
Are any of tzis descendants still around today and if so , where might they be found ?
The researchers say that by comparing the iceman ’s genetic make - up and predisposition to various types of ailments , tzi can teach us about todays genetic diseases and other illnesses ( such as diabetes or cancer ) as well .
They promise to publish their data analysis as well as the resulting conclusions by next year , in time to celebrate the 20th anniversary of tzi’s discovery .
Since 1998 , the Tyrolean Iceman and the artefacts found with him areon display at the South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology , Italy .
The mummy is kept in a special refrigeration chamber , at the constant temperature of 6 C .
T- Mobile To Get Samsung Galaxy S In The Form Of T - Mobile Vibrant
The Samsung Galaxy S is reportedly going to be available on all four major carriers in the United States .
AT&T will market the Samsung Galaxy S in the form of the Samsung Captivate , while Sprint will sell the Samsung Galaxy S Pro .
While no word on what version of the phone Verizon will sell , we do know that T - Mobile will get their hands on the Samsung Galaxy S and sell it as the Vibrant .
Since T - Mobile announced the new HSPA +
Internet service , which boasts speeds of 56 Mb /s down and 22 Mb / s down , the mobile Internet experience on the Vibrant would definitely be a lot better than the same experience on rival networks .
The camera does n’t seem to contain flash with its camera , which is a bummer because most smartphones nowadays come with flash .
However , the front side of the phone contains four capacitive buttons , but it does lack a physical QWERTY keyboard .
The phone is set to launch on T - Mobile on July 21 , and who knows , many Android 2.2 will be out by then .
LOS ANGELES / OAKLAND , California ( Reuters ) - A white former transit police officer was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in a videotaped shooting death of an unarmed black man last year in Oakland , California , sparking a wave of looting and destruction in the city on Thursday .
A demonstrator is arrested during a protest against the verdict in the case of Bay Area Rapid Transit ( BART ) officer Johannes Mehserle in Oakland , California July 8 , 2010 .
Mehserle , a white police officer , was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter on Thursday in the videotaped shooting death of Oscar Grant , an unarmed black man , that triggered riots in Oakland , California last year .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
The verdict prompted a peaceful protest by up to 1,000 people in downtown Oakland , which gave way after nightfall to some people looting stores , smashing car windows , throwing powerful fireworks at police and lighting fires in trash cans .
The police , numbering in the hundreds , made more than 50 arrests , but Oakland police expected that figure could double .
“ This city is not the wild , wild West , ” Oakland Police Chief Anthony Batts told a televised news conference .
“ This city will not tolerate this activity . ”
A Los Angeles jury deliberated for about six hours over two days before reaching their decision about the shooting on a train platform in Oakland , indicating they deemed it a tragic accident rather than the intentional act of a rogue cop .
The defendant in the racially charged trial , Johannes Mehserle , 28 , testified that he mistakenly drew his gun instead of his electric Taser and shot Oscar Grant , 22 , while trying to subdue him during a confrontation on New Year ’s Day 2009 .
But prosecutors , who sought a conviction for second - degree murder , said Mehserle had “ lost all control ” and shot Grant on purpose because he thought Grant was resisting arrest .
Jurors can render an involuntary manslaughter conviction if they believe the defendant lacked an intent to kill but engaged in conduct so grossly negligent that it amounts to a crime .
It generally carries a sentence of two to four years in prison , but the jury also accepted a sentencing “ enhancement ” for Mehserle ’s use of a handgun .
“ We are outraged that the jury did not find guilty of murder in a case that is so egregiously excessive and mishandled , ” said Benjamin Todd Jealous , head of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) .
Mehserle , who had been free on $ 3 million bond , showed no reaction as the verdict was read and was immediately taken into custody .
The former police officer for the Bay Area Rapid Transit ( BART ) rail system faces sentencing on August 6 .
FAMILY FURY
Relatives of Grant , a young father who worked as a grocery store butcher , reacted with outrage .
“ My son was murdered , and the law has n’t held the officer accountable the way he should be , ” Grant ’s mother , Wanda Johnson , shouted outside the courthouse .
About 1,000 people gathered in a peaceful protest in downtown Oakland on early Thursday evening .
Many expressed anger , with a huge banner strung over an intersection on a traffic light pole reading “ Oakland says Guilty . ”
“ It ’s unbelievable this guy is getting less jail time than someone who wrote a bad check , ” said Barbara Plantiko , a 41 - year - old immigration lawyer at the protest .
“ I just do n’t buy he got confused .
I do n’t think that it was an accident . ”
Some protesters wore masks depicting Grant ’s face .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Looters targeted stores selling jewelry and beauty supplies and grabbed shoes from a Foot Locker store in downtown Oakland , while the phrase “ Riot for Oscar ” was spray - painted on a bank building , according to a Reuters eyewitness .
“ It ’s definitely chaotic , ” said Sgt. J.D. Nelson , an Alameda County Sheriff spokesman , adding that Oakland ’s police were being helped by officers from other municipalities .
The killing had unleashed charges of police brutality and unrest in Oakland in January 2009 , when people smashed windows and set cars on fire , leading to about 100 arrests then .
Video footage of Grant lying face down as Mehserle shot him in the back was taken by onlookers and shown over the Web and television .
Mehserle was seen holstering his gun immediately afterward and putting his hands on his head as in disbelief .
The judge in the case , which was moved to Los Angeles due to heavy pretrial publicity in the Bay Area , held there was too little evidence to show the killing was premeditated , ruling out a first - degree murder conviction .
Had he been convicted of second - degree murder , Mehserle would have faced 15 years to life in prison .
The jury could alternatively have found him guilty of voluntary manslaughter or acquitted him entirely .
Making Bricks
Alternate Formats : HTML | TXT | EPUB | MOBI | PRC | PDF | FB2 | LIT | LRF | PDB | PMLZ | RB
READ BY SETH HARRINGTON
ART BY GEOFF SEBESTA
It was during the summer before middle school when I decided I no longer wanted to be fat .
It was really Ronny Mankner 's fault .
Ronny had spent most of that summer with his dad , an Alaskan Park Ranger .
He and I were good friends , city boys , but when he came back from Alaska , even the newly grown splotches of fuzz on his lip were tan , and his muscles were defined due to scaling mountains and stalking caribou .
I did n't realize the extent of his transformation until a day before the start of 6th grade , when the two of us went swimming at the public pool .
I was n't prepared for what I saw , or how jealous I would be afterward .
He took off his shirt and his abdominal muscles stared at me like six unblinking eyes .
I wanted to stare back but felt insignificant , like having abs was an exclusive club , and I was on the outside getting pummeled by the bouncer .
I was not prepared for his sculpted stomach .
I looked down at my own belly , soft like jelly , and then back to his , chiseled and distinct like an ancient Greek statue .
" Yo Ronny , " I eventually said , pointing but not looking at his stomach , " when did that happen ? "
" My dad , man , " Ronny replied , grinning stupidly , " He said that if I was going to survive hunting in Alaska I needed to improve my core .
Apparently your core muscles are the most important .
I 'm talking improved balance , stamina , strength .
If you define your core , everything else will follow . " " Apparently , " I mumbled .
" Yeah , he had me doing this ridiculous two - hour regimen every morning .
After like a month I had this cheese - grater stomach , been working on it ever since . " " Compelling stuff , " I replied sarcastically , and then hurried to the pool , hoping the water would hide my abdominal insufficiency .
The rippling waves and surface water distorted my image .
I felt normal again .
The only thing Ronny had on me in the water was his bronze skin .
We tossed a miniature football around for a while until one of my throws sailed over Ronny 's head and landed on the pool deck .
He swam over to the ledge and used his chiseled arms to hoist himself onto the moist concrete .
Partially because I wanted to avoid looking at him , and partially because I was just a weird kid , I ducked under the water and stuck my hands above the surface , hoping that Ronny would toss the ball and I would use sheer instinct to reel it in .
Seconds passed and my breath became harder to hold .
Eventually I had to come up for air .
" Marcus , " Ronnie yelled , " Welcome to the world ! "
As I rubbed the chlorine from my eyes I heard two new voices laughing at Ronny 's joke .
As my vision cleared , I saw two gorgeous girls standing on either side of Ronny .
From the looks of them they were older .
" This is Stacy and Carlyn . " " Like the comedian ? " I asked .
Carlyn smacked her gum a few times , looked at Ronny , then at me .
" What ? " she replied .
Carlyn was beautiful .
Her hair was strawberry blonde and she had a perfect pear - shaped figure .
Her freckled face led to a just - developing chest that flowed into a slim torso and blossoming hips .
The purple bikini she wore molded to her shape and left little covered .
Carlyn's counterpart was just as attractive .
Stacy was a girl with a lip ring , every 6th grade boy 's dream .
Ronny with his muscles and Stacy with her lip ring were way ahead of the curve .
Her jewelry made me wonder what else might be pierced .
Stacy 's hair poured from her scalp like melted chocolate and the sun illuminated her pale , trim body .
She stared at me when I surfaced , but smiled only when she looked at Ronny .
I swam over to the poolside ladder and pulled myself out .
For the next half hour or so Ronny talked to the girls , and I stood there , wrapped in a towel , listening to their conversation .
I was easily able to cover my pudgy stomach and chest , but it was much more difficult to cover my envy .
When I got home I rushed to our family computer and frantically began searching the Internet for : " abs " , " how to get abs " , and " making abs .
" After half an hour of searching I came across a link that appeared promising .
It was a news story about a New Mexican man in the 70s who went by the name Antonio Ironstomach .
According to the article , Antonio had such control of his stomach muscles that he could eat loamy sand , drink some water , and then , several hours later , he could regurgitate a tiny adobe brick .
During the hours before vomiting he would flex , clench , and roll his abs to shape the brick .
The Brick - makers Union of the South contested that this was impossible , that bricks needed heat to form .
To appease the Union , Antonio began to eat hot tamales with his loamy sand .
The brick - makers were n't amused .
Nonetheless , Antonio won enough fame in his day to get his own show on the Vegas Strip .
After reading the article , I revised my search parameters : " Antonio Ironstomach + abs " .
24,398 hits .
I found more literature on Antonio than books in your average library .
The pictures I found were just as interesting as his story .
In almost all his pictures Antonio stood in front of a crowd , shirtless .
His hair was long for a man -- shoulder length -- and his face looked cracked , beat - up , and concave , like he had been in one too many bar - fights .
His stomach , however , ought to have been framed and hung in a museum .
Antonio's abs were as distinct as squares on a checkerboard .
Shadows created by his muscles looked like fault lines leading to his hairless chest .
That 's what I wanted .
Abs better than Ronny Mankner's .
Brick - making abs .
Attached to Antonio's biography and photos was a list of his exercises , compiled by his daughter after his death in 1997 , and donated to the now defunct Vegas Strip Museum of History .
Complementing the exercises were illustrations identifying the appropriate clenches and rolls , as well as instructions for how to mold the sand once it was in your stomach .
I intended to follow every step until my abs looked just like Antonio's .
Until Stacies and Carlyns flocked to my side to play tic - tac - toe between my stomach lines .
I started my workout routine the next day .
I woke up early before school and worked on my abs for an hour and a half .
Throughout the morning bus ride , I wore my sore stomach like a badge of honor .
When I got home from school , I copied my morning routine : rolling my stomach , clenching the different regions , and adding sit-ups in between the strenuous sessions .
When I was nearing the end of my exercises for the day , I heard my dad clear his throat .
He was standing in the doorframe of my room , staring at me as I lay on the ground , mid sit - up . " Marky Mark , " my dad said , " what you up to there ? " " Oh , nothing really , " I replied , catching my breath .
" I just heard that a solid core is a good way to improve overall fitness . "
" It sure is boy - o .
You know back when I used to play at Miami , we spent whole workouts just working our abdominals and obliques .
This gut I got now , back in college , it was quite the chick magnet . " " Good to know , dad . " " Yeah , football was damn good at getting me in shape .
I started playing about your age too , sixth grade .
You know , if you 're really serious about getting in shape , you should go out for the team .
Try - outs are in what , a month ? " " How do you know that ? " " Oh , I bumped into Ronny 's mom at the post office .
She mentioned Ronny was going to try - out for wide receiver . " " Oh yeah ? "
I said , wondering if I 'd be ready to make bricks in a month , " I 'll have to think about it .
" " Hey , buddy , just let me know .
I 'm still pretty damn good .
I do n't know if I 've ever told you this but if I had n't tore my ACL I would 've gone pro and " " We'd have a bowling alley in our living room and a chocolate fountain in the kitchen , " I finished my dad 's sentence .
I could n't remember the last conversation we had where he did n't mention his college football days .
" That 's right , boy - o .
What could have been , huh ?
Well , you keep working hard , maybe tomorrow you can run some routes for me in the backyard .
" My dad left and I finished my exercises .
When I took a shower later that night , my stomach already looked smaller .
The droplets of falling water no longer curved around my bowl - like gut : they eased their way down in a slightly straighter path .
It had only been one day but I was noticing changes I figured would have taken weeks .
If I could keep this up , in a month 's time I 'd be making bricks and out - running Ronny Mankner for a starting spot on the football team .*** I kept my workouts on track for the next few weeks until my abdominals morphed into steel .
At the same time , my arms and legs also began to strengthen .
I was soon able to take stairs two at a time , an accomplishment that I had once only dreamed about .
I also began participating in regular football workouts with my dad .
"
You know , Marky , " he said to me one Saturday , " I was worried about you for a while there .
" " How do you figure ? " I responded .
" I do n't know .
Do n't take this the wrong way , but you just seemed off .
I 'm glad you 're going out for football , though .
It 'll put hair on your chest and , if you 're anything like your old man , you 'll be damn good at it . " " Right .
Thanks ?
"
" No need to thank me , son .
You 're doing all the work ; I 'm just guiding you .
Now , run a 25 - yard buttonhook .
Remember to come back to the ball .
" " Sure thing .
" I used a withering oak in our yard as a marker .
Sprinting past the tree I curled around the trunk , my shoulder brushing the flaking bark .
As I curled , my dad launched a perfect spiral at my chest .
I corralled the pass , took a jab - step to the right , and then broke to the left , stiff - arming the tree for good measure .
" Not bad , " my dad said .*** Finally , the day before football tryouts arrived .
However , I knew there was something I had to do first .
I had to make a brick .
After a month of intense work , I felt that my stomach was ready .
My torso looked like ocean waves when my abs rolled , and I could clench my muscles to the beat of any song .
I thought of inviting Ronny Mankner to the spectacle but then I figured this would be a bad idea .
What if I could n't pull it off ?
I did n't have loamy sand .
But , digging through a creek bank near my house , I tapped into some clay , which I figured would work just fine .
I raced back to my house and went to the bathroom .
After wandering into the backyard with my supplies , I quickly downed the cup of clay .
Next came five minutes of clenching , rolling , and tightening my abdominal muscles , followed by a series of stomach jabs designed to position the clay properly .
As I poked and prodded at my stomach , I could feel the shape of a brick beginning to form .
The brick was mushy , like baby food , but it was there .
After downing half of a bottle of water I decided , as a tribute to Antonio , to eat a couple of tamales .
Then the intensification began .
For the next hour , with a few rest intervals , I clenched , rolled , and tightened my stomach in accordance with Antonio 's instructions .
Next , I took an hour break , using the time to stretch my stomach in preparation for round two .
My stomach was sore , a flashback to my first days of working out , but not sore enough to make me give up .
The second hour of clenching was more grueling than the first , but I was hoping that I would soon hit the brick - making high that Antonio frequently wrote about .
At this point , he wrote , the brick has been completed mentally .
You can feel it inside you , and you know that you are less than an hour away from glory .
This last half hour must be the most intense , although it will not feel that way because of adrenaline and endorphins .
The brick - making high will cancel pain .
But I never got to the brick - making high .
Instead , an intense pain shot through my gut .
I screamed -- a horrific , guttural noise -- and fell to the grass in agony .
I clenched my abs as hard as I could but the pain only increased .
Antonio had never mentioned such excruciating agony .
As the pain reached unbearable levels , I passed out , hunched over on the lawn .
*** I woke up in the broken comfort of a hospital bed .
My parents were by my side , and a doctor stood over me .
" Son , " the doctor said , " you had an intestinal obstruction , caused by an abnormal amount of clay in your large intestine . "
I wondered if there was ever a normal amount of clay in your large intestine .
The doctor continued , " We had to operate .
" Instinctively , I ripped off the cotton hospital blanket and lifted my shirt , exposing a six inch incision along my stomach held together with surgical staples .
" Everything 's all right , " the doctor said , " The surgeon was able to remove the damaged section and reconnect your intestines .
Now , it is very common for scar tissue to form on your stomach so be prepared for that .
Also , a common side effect of this type of surgery is breathing issues .
You 'll have to use an inhaler for several months and during that time I suggest you do n't attempt any strenuous physical activity .
We 're going to keep you until tomorrow to make sure the wound sets properly .
If you need anything , there 's a nurse right outside your door .
" And then he stepped out of the room , leaving me with my parents .
" I just wanted to make a brick , " I told them apologetically .
" It 's okay , sweetie , " my mom comforted , " You 're going to be alright . "
And she kissed my forehead .
My dad just stood there , towering over me .
His arms were crossed and he squinted at me , as if trying to bore a hole through my skull with his mind .
I knew what he was thinking .
I would n't be playing football this year .*** During the months of stagnant recovery I reverted back to my former , pudgy self .
My scar punctuated my stomach like a wine stain on white carpet .
My dad did n't talk to me until a week after I came home from the hospital , and even then our conversations were mundane : what to get mom for her birthday , whether to rake or mulch the autumn leaves , what to eat for dinner .
There would be no new glory days .*** Towards the end of the year , I watched Ronny strike up a conversation with the always - beautiful Rory , a student our age who was rumored to have modeled in a GAP ad .
She brushed his bicep with the backside of her hand and I cringed .
As I sat there feeling sorry for myself , a dainty hand reached toward my own stomach .
" What 's that ? " a tender voice asked from my left .
I looked at the girl sitting next to me – Felicia was her name – and I saw that she was pointing at my scar , which she could see through the fabric of my shirt .
"
Oh , nothing but a stupid scar , " I replied .
" Come on , Marcus , there must more to it than that .
What 's the story ?
How'd you get it ? " " Making a brick , " I said softly .
" Improving my core . "
Read more stories !
In one of his first major public appearances since leaving office , former President George W. Bush gave a speech this morning to attendees at WindPower 2010 in Dallas , Texas .
But his speech was about far more than wind – it was about painting his legacy .
The once - embattled president has been noticeably silent over the last 18 months , giving few interviews or speeches .
Now with a book about to come out , Bush is once again in the public eye , telling his own version of the story of his political career .
One big piece of that story is his early support for wind .
As Governor of Texas in 1999 , Bush signed a renewable portfolio standard into law that turned Texas into the leading wind state .
The industry has put about 7 GW of wind online in the state over the last eleven years .
If Texas were it ’s own country , it would be the sixth largest wind market in the world .
“ We sat there and said , ‘ we have a hell of a lot of wind in Texas – why do n’t we figure out how to harness it ? ’ ” said Bush in his speech .
“ We had the vision to see beyond the horizon . ”
While many people do n’t consider Bush to be an environmentally progressive guy , his early action as governor spurred the development of other renewable energy targets in states eager to copy Texas ’ success .
:: continue ::
“ My goal was to create an entrepreneurial heaven , ” he said .
“ I believe it is the government ’s role to help expedite the development of new technologies . ”
Bush showed strong support for the wind industry , saying that it was in the nation ’s economic , environmental and national security interests to continue development of wind and other renewables .
He was noticeably silent on the need for a national renewable energy target – something that the American Wind Energy Association ( AWEA ) has been pushing for aggressively .
Without such a target , says AWEA , growth in the wind manufacturing sector will slow down dramatically and installations will drop .
That is already happening today due to falling demand for power , lower electricity prices and lower natural gas prices .
The lack of a federal mandate is n’t helping anything .
When then - President Bush left office , his low approval ratings and lack of a political mandate mirrored the wind industry ’s woes of today .
This morning ’s speech was clearly a way for Bush to hitch his wagon to the burgeoning renewable energy industry and help shape his legacy in energy policy .
That can only be a good thing for Bush and for the wind industry .
It gives the wind industry instant credibility as a legitimate energy player with bi-partisan support .
It also gives Bush an opportunity to brandish his environmental credentials as a wind pioneer .
( Aside from the fact that all energy bills passed during his administration provided only moderate support for the industry ) .
Due to the market factors described above , the U.S. wind industry is in a tough spot at the moment .
Installations have dropped dramatically and could be down 40 - 50 % this year .
But having someone like George W. Bush at this year ’s wind conference gives the wind industry a firm political platform to stand on .
Perhaps the industry can ride that momentum to get the political support it ’s asking for .
Tags
If you think the free market should be blamed for our current economic woes , you are on the wrong track .
Libertarians face charges these days that capitalism has failed or at least that deregulation has invited our current economic troubles .
These charges are not persuasive .
A more realistic view is that a housing boom and bust happened to strike a fragile financial system whose fragility was worsened by ill - conceived government interventions .
Before commenting on how to fix the system , I should outline what happened to damage it .
Government policies intended to promote home ownership , even by people otherwise not able to afford it , date back to the 1930s if not before .
Today , many government agencies and government - sponsored companies guarantee or subsidize mortgage loans , either directly or by providing a secondary market .
Examples are legion : they include the Federal Home Loan Banks , the Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ) , the Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA , " Ginnie Mae " ) , and the Department of Agriculture 's Rural Housing Service and Rural Development Guaranteed Loan Program .
The staffs of these programs are enthusiastic about their missions and anxious to extend their services .
Some programs aim to make housing more affordable for particular groups , including military veterans , police officers , teachers , and Native Americans .
Some programs have forged strong links with politicians .
The Federal National Mortgage Association ( Fannie Mae ) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ) , both government sponsored , have been particularly notorious , enjoying cozy relations with members of Congress and an implicit ( now explicit ) government guarantee of their bonds .
Several much - discussed laws and regulations , including the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 and its sequels , pressured financial institutions to make mortgage loans to normally unqualified borrowers , and even to make them in parts of cities where a prudent person would hesitate to walk .
Lenders have also been pressured to grant relief to troubled mortgage debtors .
Now , it is not obvious that homeownership is as unequivocally desirable as contemporary Americans seem to think .
Owning a house puts friction in the way of the owner 's moving to a place where he could have a better job .
The owner carries the burdens of maintenance , landscaping , and finding plumbers and other repairmen when emergencies arise .
These burdens might be left in the first place to managers of rental properties , who would take advantage of professionalism , risk - spreading , and economies of scale .
Yet government has gone to remarkable lengths in obeisance to " the American dream . "
Tax laws have long privileged owner occupancy over renting .
Homeowners may deduct mortgage - interest payments and real - estate taxes in figuring their federal income taxes , and they enjoy favorable tax treatment of gains on the sale of their houses .
Federal tax law permits state and local government agencies to offer below - market - rate financing to homebuyers .
Owners enjoy tax - free nonmonetary income ( implicit rental income ) from occupancy of their homes , whereas landlords pay tax on their rental income and pass it and the property tax along to their tenants .
Such policies have effects .
Cheap credit during the years of the boom compounded the long - term effects of government action .
Opinions differ about how much of the blame falls on Federal Reserve policy and how much on a " world savings glut , " notably in China , that fed heavy flows of loanable funds into the United States .
In any case , from around 2002 to 2005 the Federal Reserve 's target rate of interest remained below what the " Taylor rule " would have recommended .
John Taylor originally offered his formula as a description of how the Fed appeared to be setting its target rate during years of relatively successful policy : it raised its rate to resist inflation or economic overheating and lowered it to resist deflation or unemployment .
Taylor 's formula has often been misinterpreted as an actual prescription for policy .
Although it is not a hard and fast rule , it does provide one clue to whether current monetary policy is too loose or too tight .
During the years mentioned , the target interest rate , adjusted for inflation , was sometimes even below zero , as it is again nowadays .
As one would predict , cheap credit encouraged borrowing , building construction , and bullish speculation in houses .
Even financially unqualified homebuyers took advantage of dubiously attractive subprime mortgages , mortgages whose initial teaser rates could later be raised , loans requiring no payment of principal during the early years , and even negative - amortization loans .
Some borrowers and mortgage brokers connived to conceal applicants ' inability to meet even the loosened financial standards .
Borrowers and lenders were seduced by expectations that the collateral — houses — would keep rising in price indefinitely .
Low interest rates spurred savers and institutions to look for better yields even on new or exotic and riskier kinds of investment .
Financiers reached for these yields , resorting to complicated and poorly understood financial derivatives and making defective assessments and unclear explanations of risks .
Fragility and Contagion
All of this was bound to make the financial system more fragile .
To identify what happened , we may speak of contagion of at least two related but distinguishable types : structural and psychological .
An advanced economy is a tissue of intricate multilateral interdependencies whose unraveling damages finance , production , employment , and consumption .
Contagion particularly bedevils financial intermediation , which is the business of banks and other financial firms and the stock market .
Lending institutions borrow , normally at shorter - term and lower rates of interest , to relend at higher rates .
Banks , for example , owe short - term debt to their depositors and use the funds for medium - and long - term loans and securities .
Financial intermediation tailors types , maturities , and risk / reward characteristics of financial instruments to meet the desires both of ultimate savers and of borrowers and stock - issuing firms .
Even innovative instruments , such as credit - default swaps and securitized loans — to which I will return in a moment — can legitimately serve healthy specialization in lending , borrowing , saving , investment , and risk - bearing .
In an advanced economy , this intermediation is essential to channel savings efficiently into factories , farms , machinery , and other capital goods , so promoting economic growth .
" Innovative instruments , such as credit - default swaps and securitized loans , can legitimately serve healthy specialization in lending , borrowing , saving , investment , and risk - bearing . "
By its very nature , intermediation requires firms performing it to operate heavily with borrowed funds .
Their excess of assets over liabilities — their capital in this accounting sense ( net worth ) — amounts to only a very small percentage of either .
Even ordinary businesses use borrowed funds to some extent ; but financial firms practice this leverage , so called , to a more extreme degree .
Their capital , being so small a percentage of their balance sheets , is vulnerable to being wiped out .
It is hardly sound advice , though , that financial firms should employ no more leverage than other firms — for their doing so would subvert the very rationale of financial intermediation .
Still , leverage , and especially undoing it ( deleveraging ) , do intensify structural and psychological contagion .
Securitization means bundling loans into packages that provide the backing for bonds issued by the bundlers .
Ideally , these " collateralized debt obligations " enable their buyers to enjoy the convenience of not making individual mortgage loans and also , normally , the relative safety of diversification .
The bundlers receive their shares of these benefits from an interest - rate spread between what they earn on the loans and what they pay on their own obligations .
The process can be carried to further stages as the first - level bonds are cut into " tranches " according to the estimated riskiness of their backing .
The different tranches can then serve as backing for a further level of bonds , and even further levels .
The results are called CDO2s ( collateralized debt obligations squared ) .
Many of them received the highest ratings by the three government - privileged bond - rating companies , S&P , Moody's , and Fitch , so becoming approved holdings even for conservative investors such as pension funds , and building confidence among other investors also .
Yet these ratings , especially of unfamiliar debt instruments , proved overoptimistic .
At the beginning of the chain , some of the underlying mortgage borrowers may not have been creditworthy — and in recent years , many of them certainly were not .
While the process may achieve the apparent safety of diversification , it also makes risk assessment more difficult and obscures how participants along the chain share the risk of default on the underlying mortgages .
Unforeseen defaults can spread and magnify damage along the whole ingenious chain .
When defaults on loans or bonds held by a financial firm erode their value as assets , the capital of the affected firm shrinks as a percentage of its balance - sheet totals .
The firm suffers when depositors or other short - term creditors rush to cash their claims .
To restore its required capital margin , it must either issue more common or preferred stock or shrink its balance sheet by selling off assets to pay its liabilities somehow .
This can be painful .
Meanwhile , other firms that have been holding the bonds of the troubled firm see those assets losing value and their own capital ratios impaired .
Then they too must either raise more equity capital ( implausibly ) or reduce their size .
Attempts to raise money by selling assets depress their prices , contributing to contagious deleveraging all along the line .
Not only does default on mortgages hit investors in mortgage - backed bonds , it also brings foreclosures , empty and ill - tended houses , deterioration of neighborhoods and house prices , and further loss of homeowners ' equity .
Credit - default swaps are essentially insurance against default on bonds or other debt .
An issuer of credit - default policies hopes to receive more in premiums paid than it loses in compensating for defaults .
A borrower may buy such insurance to improve the marketability of its obligations , or a lender may buy it for protection .
Even third parties not directly involved with the underlying debt may buy this insurance either as a hedge on risks in other transactions or , since the swaps are marketable , as a speculative bet .
Dealings in swaps are no more inherently scandalous than hedging or speculative dealings in futures on the commodity exchanges .
But just as an occasional fire - or life - insurance company may go broke , so may a default - swap issuer — and probably with greater likelihood , because of the relative complexity and novelty of the transactions .
The travails of AIG , which obtained a government rescue , provide an example .
Credit - default swaps constitute another channel , then , through which structural and psychological contagion can spread widely .
" Fair value " or " mark - to - market " accounting is also widely blamed .
This accounting rule came to be more widely insisted on a few years ago than it had been before , and has only recently been relaxed a bit .
It requires financial firms to carry large chunks of their asset portfolios on their balance sheets at the low prices they might fetch on already depressed markets , even though the markets are temporarily inactive , though the crisis will end sooner or later , and though the companies intend to hold much of the assets until they payoff at face value upon maturity .
" The economy faces a catch - 22 : damned by immediate damage if a rescue goes unattempted , and damned by the longer - run moral hazard if a rescue is undertaken . "
Like actually realized portfolio losses , these markdowns shrink the holders ' reported capital .
Capital deficiencies make the affected firms more hesitant to grant loans , worsen their own and perhaps the whole financial system 's perceived unsoundness , and can trigger further deleveraging all along the chain .
Marking to market probably does enhance the transparency , honesty , and trustworthiness of firms in normal times and for that reason should perhaps not be suspended even in times of crisis .
Perhaps regulators should openly relax capital requirements instead .
Yet however desirable the rule may be on balance , it does intensify the structural contagion .
I turn now to psychological contagion , which hit me as well as other people .
Until the late summer of 2008 the structural aspect of the crisis had fascinated me .
Then I realized that the situation had become downright scary .
The whole tissue of economic interrelations rests on trust .
Confidence can be justified , excessive , or abnormally weak .
Confidence can rise or fall in waves of herding : understandably , people without enough information to make judgments on their own regard others ' behavior as guided by information that they possess .
A boom reinforces confidence .
People are inclined to fall for dishonest schemes .
A bust saps confidence .
People and institutions , including banks , become more cautious in doing business with one another .
The stock market , swinging widely , both registers and magnifies the state of confidence or fear .
Loss of stock and house values makes consumers hesitant to spend money , depriving businesses of sales in a further fall of dominos .
U.C. Berkeley economist J. Bradford DeLong , writing around the end of 2008 , estimated that global financial assets had sunk in value over the preceding 18 months from about $ 80 trillion to $ 60 trillion , with only about $ 1 – $ 2 trillion of the decline coming from losses on mortgages and mortgage - backed securities .
( " The Financial Crisis of 2007 –2009 : Understanding Its Causes , Consequences — and Its Possible Cures " ) .
That estimate , although necessarily imprecise , raises the question of what the lost $ 20 trillion consisted of and where it went .
Goodwill sometimes appears on balance sheets as an asset .
This accounting concept recognizes that a firm may be worth more than its physical and financial assets minus its liabilities ; it has additional value as a going concern and profit - making entity .
Managers ' and employees ' skills and experience , the firm 's traditions , technology , business connections , attunement to conditions in the industry and the whole economy — in short , internal and external coordination and ongoing or potentially profitable activities — have value beyond that of cut - and - dried assets .
But even those assets lose value when discoordination of the firm or of the entire economy diminishes their profitability .
The appraisal of good will in the sense just described shows up notably on the stock market — where , as on other asset markets , prices often swing between too high and too low .
This is psychological contagion .
Theories — and Remedies ?
The apparatus of mainstream macroeconomic theory is of little use for understanding such troubles .
DeLong recognizes that that is true even of his own textbook .
Economists of the Austrian School , on the other hand , recognize that an economic system cannot be analyzed with typical models of aggregate demand confronting aggregate supply , nor with models possessing stable parameters .
They emphasize the subjective element in economic life .
" Relevant though imperfect information is scattered among millions , even billions , of minds around the world . "
People 's economic decisions and actions respond to experiences , doctrines , and emotions .
Change , unpredictability , and uncertainty abound .
Relevant though imperfect information is scattered among millions , even billions , of minds around the world .
Yet a smooth course of economic life presupposes a reasonably good meshing of their many different plans .
The title of Gerald P. O'Driscoll 's book aptly describes Economics as a Coordination Problem ( 1977 ) .
The price system works toward the meshing of plans .
Coordination has been impaired at times of unsustainable boom and , more obviously , of recession .
Willingness and capacity to produce remain essentially unimpaired ( although a long period of unemployment would erode them ) .
Unemployed workers are eager for jobs and for the consumer goods they would buy with their wages , while employers would eagerly hire or retain more employees if only they had customers for their products .
What has disrupted coordination in such episodes ?
Both Austrian and monetarist economists , although with analyses differing in details , often put the blame on bad central - bank policy .
While the financial distress sketched above surely plays a big role in the current recession , a monetarist interpretation ( by Robert L. Hetzel , manuscript , Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond , Feb. 2009 ) adds that the Federal Reserve kept its belatedly tightened monetary policy tight too long in 2008 .
Contagious panic arguably called for early intervention , before the severe deterioration of September 2008 .
Government action would have violated libertarian principles , but the situation was exceptional .
Arguably , the government had a moral responsibility to help check the damage to which its earlier interventions had contributed — if , indeed , government can be personalized in that way .
Anything plausible , even if mostly symbolic , could have helped , such as a clear offer to buy or guarantee the temporarily troubled assets of financial firms at suitably reduced prices .
I thought so at the time on the basis of amateur psychology , not of economics or political science .
It was unrealistic , however , to expect such focused decisiveness from the government .
Calls arose to " do something for Main Street as well as for Wall Street . "
Favoritism is indeed unattractive ; yet financial firms are different from nonfinancial ones .
Their financial intermediation is inherently leveraged — they borrow to relend or invest — and the credit they supply or allocate is essential to ordinary business .
Sparing millions of people the pains of recession almost unavoidably benefits a culpable minority also .
Moral hazard is a danger : past rescues breed expectations of more in the future .
So soothed , firms run greater risks than would otherwise be prudent ( just as fire insurance soothes homeowners to be less obsessively cautious than they would be without it ) .
Against a long background of bank and hedge - fund rescues , the rescue of Bear Stearns in March 2008 further bolstered expectations .
These were disappointed when Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail in mid-September .
The crisis deepened , arousing hopes that the authorities had learned a lesson and would not allow a similar major collapse .
The economy faces a catch - 22 : damned by immediate damage if a rescue goes unattempted , and damned by the longer - run moral hazard if a rescue is undertaken .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson muffed the opportunity for a psychological counterstroke .
He and his successor Timothy Geithner offered a series of ill - considered , vague , changing , unconvincing , and even alarming approaches .
Some verged on browbeating of financial firms , as in Merrill Lynch 's acquisition by Bank of America .
The " stimulus " bill of early 2009 ignored economic studies comparing the potencies of fiscal and monetary policy .
The bill turned into a preposterous hodgepodge of porky spending projects that multiply the national debt , presumably heightening uncertainty and the hesitancy of business investors — yet another example of a spreading contagion .
" Politicians are more concerned with the good intentions motivating their laws than with possible long - run adverse consequences . "
Monetary policy can probably do more for early economic recovery than fiscal stimulus can .
Indeed , between the end of August 2008 and late April 2009 the Federal Reserve more than doubled the size of its balance sheet .
Between August 2008 and March 2009 , largely by extending credit in innovative ways , it multiplied the volume of bank reserves more than seventeenfold .
That great potential for money creation threatens inflation .
Current worries about deflation , which would prove temporary at worst , are preposterous .
If need be , deflation is much easier to check than inflation ; and anyway , not all downward drifts of prices are harmful .
The Fed 's expansion of reserve money threatens to overshoot the mark , especially when translated into increased lending and deposit - money creation as banks activate their newly immense excess reserves and as individuals and businesses become more willing to spend money than just hold onto it .
The danger of severe price inflation and dollar - exchange depreciation looms unless the Federal Reserve somehow proves clever enough to reverse its money creation in time , patient enough to see bond prices fall and interest rates zoom and risk another recession , and sheltered enough from political pressures .
The possibility of the dollar 's destruction within a few years adds relevance to academic ideas about a new " monetary constitution . "
Commodity - linked money issued in a privatized system of free banking is one attractive possibility .
Even if the Federal Reserve should avoid early severe inflation , rethinking its role will eventually be necessary ; because it operates ( through interest - rate targeting ) on a stock of bank - reserve money that is becoming almost vanishingly small in normal times , not in dollar amount but as a percentage of the economy 's total means of payment and total liquidity .
Regulation
Calls for more financial regulation have become routine .
Only a libertarian more hardcore than I am would reject them outright .
Regulations have indeed disappointed the intentions behind them .
Yet because of the intricate ways in which some regulations may have been compensating for the regrettable side effects of others , abolishing or relaxing them must be done in an orderly way ( if orderliness is practically and politically possible ) , not by a sudden stroke .
As for new regulations , just what should they be ?
A consensus in favor of suitable regulation is spurious if its advocates have contradictory ideas of what " suitable regulation " means .
Merely specifying desired results is no sufficient design of how to get them .
Design of new regulations should recognize which past ones have proven ineffective or pointlessly burdensome or have been gamed and wriggled around .
" Gaming the system " means exploiting the rules for unintended purposes , as by resort to exotic practices and instruments such as " structured investment vehicles " to circumvent capital requirements .
Resources are scarce , so enforcement should focus on trying to suppress actual fraud , as well as deceptive obscurity and complexity in documents , practices , and sales pitches .
Reform should avoid giving regulators and prosecutors abusable discretion with tempting opportunities for triumph in cases of petty technical violations and little social importance .
Regulation should conform to the rule of law .
Civil suits for alleged dishonesty or unfairness could be made easier by unclogging the courts , as by decriminalizing drugs .
The greater the need for financial regulation , the stronger the case for abolishing or simplifying regulations in other fields , both to avoid multiplying infringements of personal freedoms and to conserve scarce regulatory resources .
Where , for example , are all the new regulators to come from , ones well versed in the complexities of Wall Street yet willing to work for civil - service salaries ?
The failure of regulators to catch even some of the worst financial frauds of the last several years underlines this question .
Government action should not preempt the scope , as it often does , of alternative solutions to problems .
Experts working for industry associations could devise and administer standards , with additional monitoring by journalists eager for sensational stories .
Underwriters Laboratories , American National Standards Institute ( ANSI ) , the Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratory ( NTL ) , Consumers Union , and online product reviews illustrate the possibilities .
Instruction and certification by private organizations could give competitive advantages to qualifying brokers and other financial operators .
Salvaging Lessons
If we can salvage nothing else from this crisis , we should at least learn lessons .
Financiers must have learned something about the use of exotic financial instruments .
They must have learned something about incentives for themselves and their associates .
Employees should not be rewarded for merely making mortgage loans , leaving concern for their soundness to the buyers of mortgage - backed securities .
Several lessons involve contrasts between what is true or desirable in the short run and the opposite in the longer run .
An expansionary monetary policy reduces interest rates in the short run but , if continued , raises nominal rates later because of the inflation allowance in them .
" Consequences often appear , unrecognized , as the delayed cumulative results of earlier interventions . "
Relatedly , a cheap - money - fed boom is likely to collapse into recession .
Mark to market , the accounting practice mentioned above , arguably should be relaxed in times of crisis but be retained otherwise .
The law of unintended consequences warns us of long - run disillusionment from bright ideas for short - run benefits , as from prods to cheap housing credit .
Consequences often appear , unrecognized , as the delayed cumulative results of earlier interventions .
Moral hazard presents a major short - run versus long - run contrast .
Rescue of a troubled bank may seem the best thing to do immediately , but it reinforces expectations of further rescues , inviting repeated trouble later .
I emphasize , not minimize , this dilemma ; yet I can think of no solution .
Further academic research might find one .
Still , enjoying the long run does presuppose getting through the short run .
Over the long run , and fundamentally , prosperity depends on production .
People specialize in producing particular goods and services to exchange them away , sooner or later , for the specialized outputs of other people .
But occasionally money and credit go awry as lubricants of exchange and production .
Especially in a deep depression , the economic law of scarcity seems to have been repealed .
Demand for products and labor , not capacity to supply them , shrivels .
A form of Keynesianism crude enough to embarrass Keynes himself then appears relevant , especially in political circles .
Measures to stimulate spending seem to promise relief , even though a crisis like our current one originated in overborrowing and overspending , and even though more of the same would risk long - run disaster .
A case might be made for a short - run stimulus that would be reversed in good time — if only we could count on that reversal .
Theory and experience warrant expecting more stimulus from monetary policy than from fiscal policy and increased government debt .
This debt , which includes implicit debts in the form of long - run commitments under entitlement programs , has been growing so large relative to tax capacity that meeting it seems unlikely other than by its eventual repudiation through inflation .
Examples abound of legislators and bureaucrats blithely implementing their bright ideas without due regard to the burdens imposed .
Ideas about what additional regulations should accomplish often give scant attention to just how they are to work .
Hubris appears in the countless legislative proposals for improving the economy : mandates or tax credits for water - saving toilets and energy - saving light bulbs , for early purchases of new cars to relieve the industry 's distress , for cars getting more miles per gallon , for promoting ethanol and exotic energy sources , for promoting or discouraging particular activities by tax complications , for subsidizing scientific or not - so - scientific research , for tighter responsibility in issuing financial reports , for broadband access , for sports stadiums , and even for investigating irregularities in professional sports .
Funds are appropriated for attractive causes with no consideration of how the money and the corresponding real resources might better have been used for other purposes , private and public .
Furthermore , politicians are more concerned with the good intentions motivating their laws than with possible long - run adverse consequences .
Congressmen do not hatch all the bright ideas out of their own brains , of course , nor does narrow self - interest usually drive their votes .
Rather , they routinely hear from persons and groups requiring money for attractive programs .
Since they rarely hear informed testimony against specific programs even from witnesses who may abstractly desire spending restraint , they drift into thinking that denying the requested appropriations would be hard - hearted .
( James L. Payne has explored this issue in The Culture of Spending : Why Congress Lives Beyond Our Means , 1991 . )
Uncoordinated bright ideas — ideas for promoting all sorts of good and suppressing all sorts of bad things through regulation , granting or guaranteeing loans , and financing special - interest projects — figure prominently among the causes of our current crisis .
Yet as Frederic Bastiat and more recently Henry Hazlitt have argued , sound economic policy presupposes considering the further - ranging and longer - run effects of specific events and interventions .
That is not typical of politics .
Thomas Sowell was right :
the first law of economics is scarcity , and the first law of politics is to disregard the first law of economics .
Harrison
Ford has reportedly claimed that he still acts in movies so he can finance his plane .
The 67 - year - old said that the best thing about being an actor is that he can afford to fly a plane .
He told Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung : " I 'm so grateful that people still want to see me on screen - with my fees I can finance my armada .
If I did n't get any roles anymore I would have to go by plane as a normal passenger . "
Ford is qualified to fly both fixed - wing aircraft helicopters , but he insisted that flying is his only indulgence .
He said : " Apart from the flying I live quite frugally .
I 've never bought a single suit in my whole life .
Instead , I just always wear the clothes from my films . "
Ford also admitted that he loves flying so much because of how free he feels when doing it .
He added : " Initially it was just about learning something new , I wanted to know exactly how to operate an aircraft .
It appealed to me to develop all these capabilities that you need as a pilot .
It also gives you a wonderful feeling of freedom when you are the master of your own airplane .
But I 'm not a daredevil , I want to bring my family safely home . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Click here to listen to this speech .
Congress , with its insatiable appetite for spending , is set to pass yet another “ supplemental ” appropriations bill in the next two weeks .
So - called supplemental bills allow Congress to spend beyond even the 13 annual appropriations bills that fund the federal government .
These are akin to a family that consistently outspends its budget and therefore needs to use a credit card to make it through the end of the month .
If the American people want Congress to spend less , putting an end to supplemental appropriations bills would be a start .
The 13 “ regular ” appropriations bills fund every branch , department , agency , and program of the federal government .
Congress should place every dollar in plain view among those 13 bills .
Instead , supplemental spending bills serve as a sneaky way for Congress to spend extra money that was not projected in budget forecasts .
Once rare , they have become commonplace vehicles for deficit spending .
The latest supplemental bill is touted as an “ emergency ” war spending bill , needed to fund our ongoing conflicts in the Middle East .
The emergencies never seem to end , however , and Congress passes one military supplemental bill after another as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan drag on .
Many of my colleagues argue that Congress cannot put a price on our sacred national security , and I agree that the strong , unequivocal defense of our country is a top priority .
There comes a time , however , when we must take stock of what our blank checks to the military - industrial complex accomplish for us , and where the true threats to American citizens lie .
The smokescreen debate over earmarks demonstrates how we have lost perspective when it comes to military spending .
Earmarks constitute about $ 11 billion of the latest budget .
This sounds like a lot of money , and it is , but it is a drop in the bucket compared to the $ 708 billion spent by the Pentagon this year to expand our worldwide military presence .
The total expenditures to maintain our world empire is approximately $ 1 trillion annually , which is roughly what the entire federal budget was in 1990 !
We spend more on defense than the rest of the world combined , and far more than we spent during the Cold War .
These expenditures in many cases foment resentment that does not make us safer , but instead makes us a target .
We referee and arm conflicts the world over , and have troops in some 140 countries with over 700 military bases .
With this enormous amount of money and energy spent on efforts that have nothing to do with the security of the United States , when the time comes to defend American soil , we will be too involved in other adventures to do so .
There is nothing conservative about spending money we do n’t have simply because that spending is for defense .
No enemy can harm us in the way we are harming ourselves , namely , bankrupting the nation and destroying our own currency .
The former Soviet Union did not implode because it was attacked ; it imploded because it was broke .
We cannot improve our economy if we refuse to examine all major outlays , including so - called defense spending .
As much fun as my Great Bacon Odyssey has been so far , I ’ve decided I need to branch out a bit into things that involve actual bacon instead of just bacon flavor — both to make the saga more interesting and for the sake of my palate .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
I ’ve seen some interesting things done with bacon , from a burger made out of bacon to a bacon milkshake .
And I may well recreate these ideas with some modifications , but I ’d like to do something new and different , something nobody ’s done before ( or at least that is n’t documented on the internet , which in 2010 amounts to the same thing ) .
To that end , I need ideas .
I have a few of my own , but I need more .
So please send me your ideas !
I ’m looking for projects / stunts using real dead - pig bacon , and I do n’t want to spend a lot of money on any one project .
Please send me as many ideas as you can think of , even ( perhaps especially ) ridiculous - sounding ones .
You can leave a comment on this post , email me , or tweet me @cerebus19 .
For every idea I use , when the article incorporating the idea is published , I will send the first person ( sorry , only the first person ) who sent me the idea a $ 15 $ 25 gift certificate to ( and courtesy of ) ThinkGeek .
I will also acknowledge and thank all the people who sent me the idea in the article .
Oh , yes , and please remember that this is a family blog , so please keep any ideas that you would n’t want to tell your kids about to yourself .
Thanks !
I pride myself in knowing random automotive trivia , but recently I was hit with a question that has left me confused .
The question is : “ When looking at the back of a car , how do you know which side of the car the gas filler door is on ? ”
The “ answer ” is : “ The opposite side of the car as the tailpipe ” ( obviously this does n’t work for cars with dual exhaust ) .
Now I thought the answer was all together was crazy , but after a day or so of observing random cars , I think there may be some truth to it .
The cars that I own all seem to fit this “ mold ” .
What the heck is going on here ?
Do car manufacturers actually plan to do this ?
If so why ?
You should never leave the car running at the gas pump , so the exhaust should have nothing to do with the gas filler door .
Am I right or am I right ?
Somebody Help !
Image Borrowed From eBay Item # 290425293432
AMES , IA - The protein that has long been suspected by scientists of being the master switch allowing brains to function has now been verified by an Iowa State University researcher .
Yeon - Kyun Shin , professor of biochemistry , biophysics and molecular biology at ISU , has shown that the protein called synaptotagmin1 ( Syt1 ) is the sole trigger for the release of neurotransmitters in the brain .
Prior to this research , Syt1 was thought to be a part of the protein structure ( not the sole protein ) that triggered the release of neurotransmitters at 10 parts per million of calcium .
Shin 's research is published in the current issue of the journal Science .
" Syt1 was a suspect previously , but people were not able to pinpoint that it 's the real one , even though there were lots and lots of different trials , " said Shin .
" In this case , we are trying to show in the laboratory that it 's the real one .
So we excluded everything else , and included SNARE proteins -- that 's the machinery of the release , and the Syt1 is a calcium - sensing timer . "
Syt1 senses , at 10 ppm of calcium , and tells the SNARE complex to open the pore to allow the movement of the neurotransmitters .
Brain activity occurs when neurotransmitters move into a fusion pore .
" We are showing that this Syt1 senses the calcium at 10 ppm , and sends the signal to the SNARE complex to open the fusion pore .
That is the process that we are showing right now , " Shin said .
Shin and his researchers were able to pinpoint the protein using a new technique called single vesicle fusion method .
Using this method , they were able to create and monitor a single fusion event .
Previous research did n't allow scientists to look at single events , and instead required detecting many events and then taking an average of those events , Shin says .
Shin , who has been looking at this brain activity for 15 years , is happy about the discovery .
" We are quite excited that for the first time we are showing that Syt1 is really what triggers the signal in the brain , " he said .
" This is a really important thing in terms of neurosciences .
This is the heart of the molecular part of the brain function . "
Shin believes his discovery may be useful in understanding brain malfunctions such as autism , epilepsy and others .
While researching brain function , Shin has previously shown that taking statin drugs to lower cholesterol may actually inhibit some brain function .
Immigration is focus of new Deal ad
Former Rep. Nathan Deal is putting illegal immigration front and center in his bid for governor of Georgia , targeting the issue in his first television ad unveiled just hours after the Justice Department filed suit against Arizona 's strict anti-illegal immigration law .
" Liberals wo n't like it when I empower local law enforcement to help deport illegal aliens , " Deal says in the ad .
" But it must be done , because the federal government has failed to secure our borders and illegal aliens are costing Georgia taxpayers over a billion dollars every single year . "
Advertisement
Deal has already made illegal immigration a theme of his primary campaign , inviting the White House in an earlier news release to " sue us too " over a proposed crackdown .
In his debut commercial , Deal boasts that he " wrote the law to stop illegal aliens from receiving taxpayer - funded health care . "
Battling for second place in Republican primary polls , Deal is hoping to make it into a runoff with the current GOP front - runner , state Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine .
A poll released last week showed Oxendine and former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel tied for first place .
Handel recently won the endorsement of Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who has become a popular figure among some national conservatives over her stance on immigration .
Former Georgia Gov. Roy Barnes is expected to win the Democratic nomination to face off against the winner of the Republican primary .
Several other Democrats , including state Attorney General Thurbert Baker , are also running .
Here 's Deal 's ad :
Three Filipino nurses at a Baltimore hospital have filed a formal complaint with the with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , alleging they were fired for violating their employer ’s English - only rule .
“ If you speak just a single Tagalog word and someone hears you , that can be grounds for termination which is what happened to our nurses , ” said Arnedo Valera , who works with the nonprofit Migrant Heritage Commission , told ABS - CBN .
According to Valera , the attorney representing the women , their civil rights were violated and they were unfairly terminated from Bon Secours Hospital in Baltimore .
Valera filed a complaint on behalf of the nurses with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ) .
“ All it takes is just one word .
That can be a greeting , a remark or even the name of a Filipino dish .
Based on this rule , you could say ‘ bagoong ’ ( a fish sauce ) and lose your job . ”
The nurses , Corina Capunitan - Yap , Anna Rowena Rosales , Hachelle Natano and Jazziel Granada , a secretary , claim that they were speaking in Tagalog , the official language of the Philippines , during their lunch break .
According to the nurses , they had to sign the hospital ’s “ Emergency Department Expectations , ” which dictates their break schedule and that English is the official language spoken for on - duty nurses in the emergency room .
“ I feel I was harassed and discriminated against because of my national origin , ” Natano told ABS - CBN .
“ They claimed they heard us speaking in Pilipino and that is the only basis of the termination .
It was n’t because of my functions as a nurse .
There were no negative write - ups , no warning before the termination . ”
Bon Secours Hospital did return telephone calls seeking comment .
According to the EEOC , English - only rules in the workplace may be in violation of federal anti-discrimination rules unless they are “ reasonably necessary ” to operate the business .
Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 prohibits discrimination against a person ’s national origin , race , sex or religion .
“ Circumstances in which an English - only rule may be justified include : communications with customers or coworkers who only speak English ; emergencies or other situations in which workers must speak a common language to promote safety ; cooperative work assignments in which the English - only rule is needed to promote efficiency , ” said the EEOC .
The EEOC lists teaching and customer service as occupations where speaking English is required to communicate .
“ Even if there is a need for an English - only rule , an employer may not take disciplinary action against an employee for violating the rule unless the employer has notified workers about the rule and the consequences of violating it , ” added the EEOC , who files over 300 employment discrimination lawsuits on a yearly basis .
Currently , there is an English - only movement in the U.S. Opposition has come from organizations such as the American Civil Liberties Union .
California , Illinois Kentucky , and Wyoming are among the states where English is the official state language .
Maryland does not have an official state language .
— Lemery Reyes / Newsdesk
VIDEO :
CITATIONS :
Bagoong
Migrant Heritage Commission , Inc .
English - only movement
Bon Secours Hospital
4 Pinoys lose US jobs for speaking in Tagalog
ABS - CBN , June 22 , 2010
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission – compliance manual
American Civil Liberties Union
Image caption
The subs have started their third season of exploration at Lake Baikal
Russian - owned submersibles would be able to cap the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico , the captain of one of the vessels has said .
The skipper was speaking as two of the subs - which can dive to 6,000 m - started a campaign of exploration at the bottom of Lake Baikal in Siberia .
He added that there was still time for the subs to help BP with the disaster .
The subs are searching for gas hydrates - a potential alternative fuel source - on the bed of Baikal .
Yevgenii Chernyaev told BBC
News that the problem had to be addressed at the highest level .
Two oval - shaped submersibles have recently started their third season of exploration in Baikal - the world 's deepest lake .
Anatoly Sagalevich of Russia 's Shirshov Institute of Oceanology , which owns the vessels , said that he had an informal conversation with a BP representative asking if Mirs would be able to help stop the leak .
But he said there was no official request and no real discussions about the matter .
A BP spokesman told BBC News that the company had not had any formal contact with the Russians .
" We 've had over 120,000 people come up with ideas , " he said in an e-mail .
" We are looking through all of these to see which are viable .
If [ the Russians ] want to contact us ( or may have done so through some other channel ) , we can evaulate their idea . "
Oil has been leaking from a damaged well in the Gulf of Mexico since a BP - operated drilling platform , Deepwater Horizon , exploded and sank in April .
And though BP says it is now able to gather some 10,000 barrels of oil a day , using a device that siphons oil up to surface ships , thousands of barrels of oil continue to gush daily from the ocean floor .
The US administration has already called the leak the biggest environmental catastrophe in the country 's history .
Mr Chernyaev said that his team had held numerous discussions about the oil spill in the Gulf and the Russians would be ready to come to the rescue - but only if everything was done properly .
Image caption
The subs have discovered reserves of gas hydrates on the bottom of the lake
Standing on a barge that transports the two subs after their submersion , the Mir - 2 captain underlined that the subs were probably the only deep - sea vessels in the world capable of stopping the leak .
" Our subs are unique .
There are two of them and they can submerge and work simultaneously .
Also , they are powerful enough to work with any other additional equipment .
" There are only four vessels in the world that can go down to 6,000 m - the Mirs , French Nautile and Japanese Shinkai .
The Mirs are known to be the best , and we have a very experienced team of specialists , " he said .
But Mr Chernyaev added that such an operation would have a chance of succeeding only if BP or the US government asked the Russian government to join efforts to stop the leak .
Image caption Mr Chernyaev said the problem had to be addressed at the highest level
" It should all be decided on the government level .
Asking [ Anatoly ]
Sagalevich [ of Russia 's Shirshov Institute of Oceanology , which owns the subs ] to simply bring the Mirs over is nonsense .
Even though we 're able to go to much greater depths than where the damaged well is located , we would n't be able to do much on our own .
" We need a team of international specialists and we have to know all the details and probably even build a special device to attach to the subs , and all this needs time , " said Mr Chernyaev .
He explained that the subs had already worked in much harsher conditions , such as the Arctic .
The submersible 's pilot also said that the Russians were very surprised that BP and the US government had not asked them for help from the beginning .
" And we would not refuse to help , even though for us it would be very complicated , especially right now , when we 're already working on Baikal .
But it does n't look like anyone seriously wants our help , " he added .
Mr Chernyaev was one of the pilots on the first manned descent to the seabed under the geographic North Pole , carried out using the Mir mini-submarines .
The expedition was widely reported as a bid to further Moscow 's territorial claims in the Arctic .
Image caption The Mir submersibles can dive to a depth of about 6,000 m
The two submersibles started their third season of exploration in Lake Baikal on 1 July .
Over the last two expeditions , they found reserves of gas hydrates on the lake bed - which some consider a possible alternative fuel source of the future .
Gas hydrates are usually formed in permafrost or deep in the oceans .
These are crystalline water - based solids ; gases such as methane are trapped inside them within cages of hydrogen - bonded water molecules .
Baikal is the only freshwater basin where gas hydrates are found in its sediments .
Scientists say the depth of the lake - reaching 1,637 m - and extremely low temperatures of water near the lake bed both help gas hydrates form at depths exceeding 350m .
The current expedition aims to obtain important data about these findings , and is also searching for new life forms , which might be unique to Baikal .
Located in eastern Siberia , not far from the Mongolian border , the lake holds one - fifth of the planet 's fresh water and many unique species of plants and animals , among them the nerpa - a species of freshwater seal .
Grid -hacking is back in the news , with the unveiling of " Perfect Citizen , " the National Security Agency 's creepily named effort to protect the networks of electrical companies and nuclear power plants .
People have claimed in the past to be able to turn off the internet , there are reports of foreign penetrations into government systems , " proof " of foreign interest in attacking U.S. critical infrastructure based on studies , and concerns about adversary capabilities based on allegations of successful critical infrastructure attacks .
Which begs the question :
If it ’s so easy to turn off the lights using your laptop , how come it does n’t happen more often ?
The fact of the matter is that it is n’t easy to do any of these things .
Your average power grid or drinking - water system is n’t analogous to a PC or even to a corporate network .
The complexity of such systems , and the use of proprietary operating systems and applications that are not readily available for study by your average hacker , make the development of exploits for any uncovered vulnerabilities much more difficult than using Metasploit .
To start , these systems are rarely connected directly to the public internet .
And that makes gaining access to grid - controlling networks a challenge for all but the most dedicated , motivated and skilled – nation - states , in other words .
Let ’s pretend for a moment that hackers were planning to attack the United States .
What would they need to do to gather enough information necessary to take out the electrical power in key parts of the country ?
They do n’t want to fiddle at the edges , mind you .
They want to have enough data to build the technical capability necessary to shut out the lights in Washington or New York or California at precisely the time and for exactly the duration they want .
For starters , they would need to know things like :
Where are the power plants ?
What kind of plants are they ?
What sort of fuel do they use ?
Who built them and when ?
What sort of materials and technology were used when they were built ?
Who manufactured the generators , turbines and other key equipment ?
Whose SCADA software are they running ?
Who runs the plants ?
How does fuel , people , supplies get into or out of the plant ?
What sort of security do they have ?
And perhaps most importantly :
Which plants supply power to which parts of the country ?
Where to begin ?
Even in places like the United States , where there is n’t much you cannot find online , you ’re not going to be able to get the depth and detail you need to turn off the lights with a simple network connection .
You ’re going to have to deploy national - level resources :
* HUMINT ( human intelligence , aka spies ) to collect both open and private ( though not necessarily classified ) material about plant construction and operation .
In the United States , we ’re pretty good at announcing who won a contract to do what .
In less open societies , it is going to take time to identify who is most likely to have the information you need and then more time to try and figure out the best way to get them to provide that information to you ( if they ’ll do it at all ) .
* IMINT ( imagery intelligence , aka satellite or aerial pictures ) to help analysts and engineers determine what sort of plant it is , give some idea as to where its various components may be located , the number of people it takes to run it , etc .
* SIGINT ( signals intelligence , aka intercepted communications ) to pick up key words , terms and conversations by those who built or are building the plant , who are working at the plant , who provide supplies and transport workers to the plant , to hear what local media and officials are saying about plant operations , reliability , etc .
* MASINT ( measurement and signature intelligence ) to gauge from afar things like temperature , magnetic fields , vibrations , exhaust and other meaningful emanations .
These can be used to help determine what is likely to be happening behind walls that a human source might not be able to reach ( or understand ) , and to help confirm ( or dispute ) what other intelligence sources report .
The point being : A purely online approach is simply not going to provide you with the type and volume of information you are going to need to accomplish your mission .
Which is why , if you are trying to deny an adversary access to such information , you need organizations like the NSA ( and others in the intelligence community ) involved .
These are the sorts of missions they are supposed to be undertaking : defending us against national - level threats .
Sending forth agents to “ spy out the land ” costs money , takes people , requires logistics , takes time ; all things that can be detected and exploited no matter how “ cyber ” some portions of the effort may be .
The real problem with Perfect Citizen is not in its goals , but in its sponsor .
Intelligence agencies do some amazing things , but intelligence - involvement in civilian systems is a bad idea for many reasons .
The head of NSA said as much just last year ; of course that was before he put two hats as both the Director of NSA and Commander of U.S. Cyber Command .
The argument that the NSA is the perfect place for such a program because of the skills of its employees is certainly compelling , but it does nothing to overcome the fact that NSA is predominantly an intelligence agency .
We have a Cyber Command now , and a Cabinet - level Department charged with protecting the Homeland , which allegedly has its own cybersecurity capabilities and responsibilities .
True , Perfect Citizen could rightfully fall into the bucket of responsibilities of NSA ’s defensive mission , but as argued recently , you cannot convince most people that the left and right hands of the agency are not working together , and that ’s a problem if you are into things like liberty and freedom from unnecessary government intrusion and such .
Having worked at the NSA and for related organizations , I know perfectly well how seriously agency employees take their responsibility to not " spy on Americans , " but I also know that in a panic , real or contrived , people will cave with the best of intentions .
If the government truly believes that we need a strong intelligence presence inside our critical infrastructure systems , they should consider taking some less expensive , less risky , and more practical steps :
* Use the federal government 's Intergovernmental Personnel Act program to shift grid- protecting expertise to DHS .
The true measure of a government organization ’s power is its ability to get the best talent on the job , on demand and by name .
Anything else is just filling the ranks with “ those who can be spared . ”
* Get as many industry geeks security clearances so that information sharing is more equitable .
Government is notoriously parsimonious when it comes to providing information of any value , while it simultaneously harps on industry to give more .
Clearing the the bosses is n’t enough ; if technical management cannot see for themselves what the real threats are , there is no hope for the implementation of practical solutions .
* Implement a simple , anonymous info - brokerage system to reduce the burden associated with providing information .
It 'll also eliminate the public stigma and legal jeopardy ( via shareholder or customer lawsuits ) private sector organizations risk should word of vulnerabilities or breaches become public .
* Come up with a system of rewards for industry participation in data sharing and infrastructure security efforts .
Two quick ideas : tax breaks for demonstrably improving IT security , and conditional relief from certain regulatory burdens for active , meaningful participation in sharing efforts .
Absent additional information , it is hard to determine the full extent of what Perfect Citizen will provide in the way of improved security or situational awareness of foreign threats .
Longtime observers of government involvement in this business cannot help but think that we are listening to the echo of past historical failures in this area and ignoring new ideas and promising research that could produce meaningful solutions that do n’t involve letting spooks in the wire .
Photo : NOAA
See Also :
A Fourth of July parade in eastern Iowa turned to mayhem on Sunday when a pair of runaway horses lunged into the crowd and trampled 24 people , many of them children .
At least one person was killed , and several others were seriously injured .
The chaos took place when two horses pulling a buggy got spooked and charged into the crowd at the Heritage Day Parade , a decades - old tradition that attracts thousands to Bellevue , a town of 2,300 people nestled along the Mississippi River .
Bellevue ’s fire chief , Chris Roling , said the two horses , both at the rear of the parade , bumped into one another , knocking one horse ’s bridle off and causing it to bolt , followed by the second horse .
“ They took off down the street uncontrollably , ” Chief Roling said in a telephone interview .
“ They went about six blocks  the horses and the carriages behind them , running over children and adults along the parade route . ”
“ I ’ve been doing this 35 years and I ’ve never seen anything like it , ” he added .
A spokesman for the Bellevue Police department said Janet Steines , 60 , of Springbrook , whose husband was driving the carriage , died Sunday evening at the University of Iowa Hospital in Iowa City after she was taken there with injuries from the accident .
Central banks are pawning their gold to the Bank for International Settlements at a record rate , taking advantage of the precious metal 's historically high value to raise cash .
A little - noticed data point at the back of a 216 - page report released last week by the BIS shows the international agency has taken 349 metric ...
A reader writes :
Check out this revolting video that 's surging on YouTube .
Apparently this comedy / satire group , Latma , is fully funded by the Center for Security Policy 's Middle East Media program .
And who runs the CSP ?
Yup , Frank Gaffney .
So we have American neocons celebrating and making fun of the death of nine individuals , including an American citizen .
How is this not a bigger deal ?
We 're picking up quite a bit of static between the wireless industry and the Federal Communications Commission over the concept of mobile phone " bill shock , " and how many consumers have actually been jolted by an unexpectedly high wireless bill .
CTIA - the Wireless Association calls the FCC 's latest data on the question " Inflammatory " and " an orchestrated ' solution ' in search of a problem . "
But the Commission is n't taking these charges lying down .
" Denying Bill Shock by Distorting the Facts , " the agency titled its response on the FCC 's official blog .
" It 's unfortunate that CTIA , which represents one of the country 's most innovative and productive industries , has decided that ignoring or distorting the facts is a better strategy than simply addressing wireless customers ' concerns , " write the agency 's Joel Gurin and John Horrigan .
Whoa .
Let 's see if we get under the crossfire here and take a look at the data .
A sudden increase
Back in May , the FCC released a survey concluding that 30 million Americans , or one in six US consumers , have experienced bill shock , which the Commission defines as " a sudden increase in their monthly bill that is not caused by a change in service plan . "
It was conducted by Abt / SRBI and Princeton Research Associates , who interviewed 3,005 American adults in English and Spanish .
The study found that 84 percent of respondents who acknowledged experiencing some distress at the size of their bill said their mobile carrier " did not contact them when they were about to exceed their allowed minutes , text messages , or data downloads . "
Eighty - eight percent said their carrier did n't get in touch with them after they got their unexpectedly high bill , which in a third of cases had jumped by $ 50 and in almost a quarter by $ 100 or more .
But on Wednesday CTIA Vice President Christopher Guttman - McCabe shot back with some serious questions about the study — most notably whether most of the respondents were adults .
" From what we can tell , only 902 of the respondents , when asked directly if they were 18 years or older , said ' yes ' , " Guttman - McCabe wrote .
" Let me repeat — only 30 percent of the respondents said that they were over 18 . "
And none of the survey questions actually mention the term " bill shock , " CTIA adds .
" The term is an ends - driven invention by the FCC , not the survey company or the respondents .
It was not part of the survey . "
And on top of that , CTIA had some questions about Question 52 of the survey , which asked respondents " Has your cell phone bill ever increased suddenly , from one month to the next , even if you did not change the calling or texting plan for your phone ? "
The question , Guttman - McCabe continued , did n't distinguish
between a " sudden increase " based on a significant increase in use , or a change in use patterns .
It also , as discussed above , never asked whether that increase came as a shock .
Further , question 52 was phrased so that respondents could answer affirmatively — that they had experienced a sudden increase in their bill — even if they had changed their calling or texting plan , contrary to the FCC 's own definition of " bill shock . "
Additionally , there was no time frame for the question .
So , consumers could have experienced " sudden increases " years prior to the survey and would have responded " yes . "
Bottom line : " This survey completely disregards the evolution of the wireless marketplace and the broad array of plans available from wireless providers , such as unlimited calling or texting plans or buckets of minutes / texts that give consumers greater control over their wireless bills , " CTIA concluded .
Untrained eyes
But that 's not true , the FCC insists — in fact , on the age issue , CTIA has made a " whopper of an error . "
First , all the respondents were asked their age , Gurin and Horrigan say , but they concede that to " the untrained eye , " the data might seem confusing .
902 respondents were asked whether they were over 18 .
The rest were asked " May I please speak to the person age 18 or older in the household who had the most recent birthday ? "
The latter question was directed towards individuals who responded on landline phones ; the former to consumers who answered on their mobiles .
The FCC 's bottom line : " The survey also asked respondents to tell us how old they were ( standard practice in surveys ) .
All respondents — except for 3 percent who refused to give an age — said they were age 18 or older . "
There 's also heated back and forth between the FCC and CTIA over whether the survey data extrapolates to 13 percent ( CTIA ) or 17 percent ( FCC ) of the United States population reporting bill shock .
We 'll let the statisticians parse that one out .
Either number represents a significant percentage of recession - suffering Americans unpleasantly surprised at the size of their mobile bill , we think .
Amazingly low
Beyond these disputes , CTIA raises some reasonable concerns , to which the FCC does n't respond .
Was question 52 too open ended ?
And when did these " bill shock " incidents take place ?
On the other hand , the wireless industry protests just a bit too much at the term in question , which is commonly used by the European Union to discuss the problem .
Guttman - McCabe comments that " it was interesting that the FCC initiated this proceeding , when the complaint numbers that they had been tracking for years showed that the number of complaints per subscriber were amazingly low . "
Yeah , but those are based on gripes that the relatively small number of consumers who know how to complain to the FCC bring to the agency .
It seems to us that going out in the field and checking in with the majority who do n't is a good idea .
To be fair , most mobile subscribers do n't wind up with an $ 18,000 mobile phone bill like Bob St. Germain of Dover , Massachusetts did .
But these days an unexpected 50 to 100 bucks due is a nasty kick in the pants that your average consumer does n't need .
So here 's hoping the volume on this shouting match drops by a few notches , while the more useful discussion on methodology and question framing continues .
A replica World Cup trophy made out of cocaine has been seized at Bogotà airport in Colombia .
The airport 's anti-drug chief , Colonel José Piedrahita , said the statue had been found inside a carton destined for Madrid during a routine check of a mail warehouse on Friday ; standing 36 cm ( 14in ) high , it was painted gold with green stripes on the base .
Piedrahita said a lab test confirmed the cup was made of 11kg ( 24lb ) of powder , which would have been mixed with acetone or petrol to make it into a paste that could be moulded .
The cocaine would be worth up to £ 1 m on the street .
The lower house of the French parliament has voted to ban the Islamic face veil in public spaces .
The law won overwhelming support in the National Assembly 's lower house and is expected to have similarly easy passage through the Senate in September .
But it then faces a tougher challenge in front of France 's highest legal body , the Constitutional Council .
Similar laws to ban the burka are pending in Belgium , Spain and in some parts of Italy .
The issue is particularly sensitive in France , home to Europe 's biggest Muslim minority .
Proponents say the ban asserts French values , but critics say it breaches human rights legislation and is being used as an election ploy .
They say the government is exploiting a non-problem to appease anti-immigration voters .
France is home to about 5 million Muslims , but it is thought only about 2,000 women wear the full - length veil .
The bill , which critics say stigmatises immigrants , bans people " from wearing , in a public place , garments designed to cover the face " .
Offenders would be fined 150 euros ( $ 216 ) or required to take part in a citizenship class .
Forcing someone to cover their face would be punishable by a one - year prison sentence and a 30,000 euro fine .
The law does not apply if the face is covered for carnivals or artistic events .
In the vote , 335 members of parliament approved the ban with just one against .
Opposition Socialist and Green lawmakers abstained .
Justice minister Michele Alliot - Marie says the approval was a success for French republican values of liberty , equality , fraternity and secularism .
However , the Council of State , France 's top legal advisory body , has already queried whether a ban is compatible with the constitution and the European Convention on Human Rights .
Movements to ban the garments are gathering pace across Europe .
Polls in Italy , Spain , Germany and Britain have indicated widespread support .
The Belgian lower house of parliament voted in April to ban all clothing that covers or partially covers the face , while Spain is also considering a ban .
France had already banned the wearing of Muslim headscarves in schools and the civil service , although female university students may wear them .
- ABC / Reuters
The concept of a folding cycle is not new to Yanko Design , and I really think the idea is worth developing , given the space constrains that bog us .
Classifying the Ville as just another folding urban commuter cycle will not be fair .
The design concept goes a step further by adding functionality to the folded form .
It doubles up as a cart so that when you go grocery shopping , you do n’t leave this cool bike parked outside to tempt thieves , you take it along indoors .
Ville – The Urban Folding Bicycle won the Bronze Prize at IDEA Design Awards 2010
Designer : Hyuk - Jae Chang
Every kid experiences rough patches when , on some level , they would n't mind if their school burned down ( not necessarily to hurt their peers or teachers , but to avoid going to class ) , but one Irish teen took that desire to the extreme by tapping into Heath Ledger 's " The Dark Knight " anarchy and committing arson dressed as the Clown Prince of Crime .
Kids today !
Irish Independent reports 19 - year - old Christopher Clancy pleaded guilty to arson , having cut through his former school 's wire fence , smashing a glass door , dousing the building with 100 liters of gasoline and lighting it on fire back in May of 2009 - all while dressed as the Joker .
His reason ?
" Because it is run by hypocrites and I did n't like the way they treated my friends " .
And no , the school is n't called Arkham .
No one was hurt in the fire , but the school was shut down for five days with damages totaling around € 1 million ( roughly $ 1.3 million ) .
Clancy has n't been sentenced yet , but does plan on attending college this fall .
Good look finding some classmates who just want to watch the world burn , dude !
Maybe you can tell them how you got those scars .
digg_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/07/28/irish-teen-joker-burns-down-school/';
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/07/28/irish-teen-joker-burns-down-school/'; tweetmeme_source = ' comicsalliance ';
[ Via io9 ]
Denver Puts “ God of the Dead ” Statue at Airport ( Video )
I do n’t know what all the fuss is about .
I mean this is a really cool God , as Gods go .
Read the story and watch the video from Fox News :
As if a 30 - foot tall blue horse with glowing red eyes was n’t startling enough , travelers at Denver International Airport are now being greeted by a new Behemoth .
On Wednesday , workers erected a 26 - foot tall , seven - ton replica of Anubis , the Egyptian god of the dead , adjacent to the main terminal .
The statue is here to promote the upcoming King Tut exhibit at the Denver Art Museum .
According to one web site , Anubis is the “ jackal - god of mummification , ” and “ assisted in the rites by which a dead man was admitted to the underworld . ”
While art enthusiasts are excited about the statue , some air travelers are n’t sure if they feel more or less secure with Anubis looking in .
“ If it ’s the god of death , I would n’t exactly be putting it in front of the airport , ” said passenger Keith Mears .
For Josh Meyers , it was n’t very reassuring either .
“ I do n’t like flying to begin with , ” he said .
“ It ’s kind of weird , especially being at an airport .
Bad voodoo . ”
“ Tutankhamun : The Golden King and the Great Pharaohs ” opens June 29th at the Denver Art Museum .
The statue stands just a short distance from DIA ’s other towering work of art : the controversial ‘ Mustang ’ by Luis Jimenez who died in 2006 when a large piece of ‘ Mustang ’ fell on him in his studio .
‘ Mustang ’ has earned the nicknames “ Bluecifer , ” “ Satan ‘s Steed , ” and “ Blue Devil Horse . ”
Apple has suffered another embarrassment .
A security breach has exposed iPad owners including dozens of CEOs , military officials , and top politicians .
They — and every other buyer of the cellular - enabled tablet — could be vulnerable to spam marketing and malicious hacking .
The breach , which comes just weeks after an Apple employee lost an iPhone prototype in a bar , exposed the most exclusive email list on the planet , a collection of early - adopter iPad 3G subscribers that includes thousands of A - listers in finance , politics and media , from New York Times Co. CEO Janet Robinson to Diane Sawyer of ABC News to film mogul Harvey Weinstein to Mayor Michael Bloomberg .
It even appears that White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel 's information was compromised .
It does n't stop there .
According to the data we were given by the web security group that exploited vulnerabilities on the AT&T network , we believe 114,000 user accounts have been compromised , although it 's possible that confidential information about every iPad 3G owner in the U.S. has been exposed .
We contacted Apple for comment but have yet to hear back .
We also reached out to AT&T for comment .
[ Update : AT&T has confirmed the breach and the FBI has opened an investigation .
Updates below . ]
A call to Rahm Emanuel 's office at the White House has not been returned .
The specific information exposed in the breach included subscribers ' email addresses , coupled with an associated ID used to authenticate the subscriber on AT&T 's network , known as the ICC - ID .
ICC - ID stands for integrated circuit card identifier and is used to identify the SIM cards that associate a mobile device with a particular subscriber .
AT&T closed the security hole in recent days , but the victims have been unaware , until now .
For a device that has been shipping for barely two months , and in its cellular configuration for barely one , the compromise is a rattling development .
The slip up appears to be AT&T's fault at the moment , and it will complicate the company 's already fraught relationship with Apple .
Although the security vulnerability was confined to AT&T servers , Apple bears responsibility for ensuring the privacy of its users , who must provide the company with their email addresses to activate their iPads .
This is particularly the case given that U.S. iPad 3G customers have no choice in mobile carriers — AT&T has an exclusive lock , at least for now .
Given the lock - in and the tight coupling of the iPad with AT&T 's cellular data network , Apple has a pronounced responsibility to patrol the network vendors it chooses to align and share customer data with .
In addition to complicating the AT&T - Apple relationship , the breach will also likely unnerve customers thinking of buying iPads that connect to AT&T 's cellular network .
And it will do so at a pivotal moment , with the iPad 3G early in its sales cycle .
Brisk sales for the original wi-fi iPad had promised to turn the 3G model into a similar profit machine .
But further questions about AT&T , already widely ridiculed for its bad service , are going to make people think twice about spending up to $ 830 and $ 25 per month on the iPad 3G .
Breach details :
Who did it , and how
The subscriber data was obtained by a group calling itself Goatse Security .
Though the group is steeped in off - the - wall , 4 chan - style internet culture — its name is a reference to a famous gross - out Web picture — it has previously highlighted real security vulnerabilities in the Firefox and Safari Web browsers , and attracted media attention for finding what it said were flaws in Amazon 's community ratings system .
Goatse Security obtained its data through a script on AT&T 's website , accessible to anyone on the internet .
When provided with an ICC - ID as part of an HTTP request , the script would return the associated email address , in what was apparently intended to be an AJAX - style response within a Web application .
The security researchers were able to guess a large swath of ICC IDs by looking at known iPad 3G ICC IDs , some of which are shown in pictures posted by gadget enthusiasts to Flickr and other internet sites , and which can also be obtained through friendly associates who own iPads and are willing to share their information , available within the iPad " Settings " application .
To make AT&T 's servers respond , the security group merely had to send an iPad - style " User agent " header in their Web request .
Such headers identify users ' browser types to websites .
The group wrote a PHP script to automate the harvesting of data .
Since a member of the group tells us the script was shared with third - parties prior to AT&T closing the security hole , it 's not known exactly whose hands the exploit fell into and what those people did with the names they obtained .
A member tells us it 's likely many accounts beyond the 114,000 have been compromised .
Goatse Security notified AT&T of the breach and the security hole was closed .
We were able to establish the authenticity of Goatse Security 's data through two people who were listed among the 114,000 names .
We sent these people the ICC ID contained in the document — and associated with the person 's iPad 3G account — and asked them to verify in an iPad control panel that this was the correct ICC ID .
It was .
Victims : Some big names
Then we began poring through the 114,067 entries and were stunned at the names we found .
The iPad 3G , released less than two months ago , has clearly been snapped up by an elite array of early adopters .
Within the military , we saw several devices registered to the domain of DARPA , the advanced research division of the Department of Defense , along with the major service branches .
To wit :
One affected individual was William Eldredge , who " commands the largest operational B - 1 [ strategic bomber ] group in the U.S. Air Force . "
In the media and entertainment industries , affected accounts belonged to top executives at the New York Times Company , Dow Jones , Condé Nast , Viacom , Time Warner , News Corporation , HBO and Hearst .
Within the tech industry , accounts were compromised at Google , Amazon , Microsoft and AOL , among others .
In finance , accounts belonged to companies from Goldman Sachs to JP Morgan to Citigroup to Morgan Stanley , along with dozens of venture capital and private equity firms .
In government , affected accounts included a GMail user who appears to be Rahm Emanuel and staffers in the Senate , House of Representatives , Department of Justice , NASA , Department of Homeland Security , FAA , FCC , and National Institute of Health , among others .
Dozens of employees of the federal court system also appeared on the list .
Ramifications
There are no doubt other high - profile subscribers caught up in the security lapse , along with ordinary users who now have reason to worry that AT&T might expose more of their iPad data to hackers .
At the very least , AT&T exposed a very large and valuable cache of email addresses , VIP and otherwise .
This is going to hurt the telecommunications company 's already poor image with iPhone and iPad customers , and complicate its very profitable relationship with Apple .
Exacerbating the situation is that AT&T has not yet notified customers of the breach , judging from the subscribers we and the security group contacted , despite being itself notified at least two days ago .
It 's unclear if AT&T has notified Apple of the breach .
Then there 's the question of whether any damage can be done using the ICC IDs .
The Goatse Security member who contacted us was concerned that recent holes discovered in the GSM cell phone standard mean that it might be possible to spoof a device on the network or even intercept traffic using the ICC ID .
Two other security experts we contacted were less confident in that assessment .
Mobile security consultant and Nokia veteran Emmanuel Gadaix told us that while there have been " vulnerabilities in GSM crypto discovered over the years , none of them involve the ICC ID ... as far as I know , there are no vulnerability or exploit methods involving the ICC ID . "
Another expert , white hat GSM hacker and University of Virginia computer science PhD Karsten Nohl , told us that while text - message and voice security in mobile phones is weak " data connections are typically well encrypted ... the disclosure of the ICC - ID has no direct security consequences . "
But that did n't mean he thinks AT&T is off the hook :
It 's horrendous how customer data , specifically e-mail addresses , are negligently leaked by a large telco provider .
We suspect many AT&T customers will agree .
Update :
The New York Times has emailed all staff suggesting they " turn off your access to the 3G network on your iPad until further notice " while the newspaper 's engineers and security staff investigate the issue .
Update x2 :
AT&T sent us a statement apologizing for the breach and downplaying the impact :
" AT&T was informed by a business customer on Monday of the potential exposure of their iPad ICC IDS .
The only information that can be derived from the ICC IDS is the e-mail address attached to that device .
This issue was escalated to the highest levels of the company and was corrected by Tuesday ; and we have essentially turned off the feature that provided the e-mail addresses .
The person or group who discovered this gap did not contact AT&T .
We are continuing to investigate and will inform all customers whose e-mail addresses and ICC IDS may have been obtained .
We take customer privacy very seriously and while we have fixed this problem , we apologize to our customers who were impacted . "
Update x3 :
Click here for more on AT&T 's response , Apple 's decision to remain silent , and the possible security implications of the breach .
Update x4 :
The FBI has confirmed that it has opened an investigation into the iPad breach and Gawker Media can confirm that it has been contacted by the agency .
Click here for more info .
Related :
Steve Jobs Bragged About Privacy - Days Ago
Click to view
Drug Czar : ‘ War on Drugs ’ Largely Unsuccessful
Created : May 12 , 2010 17:50 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Gil Kerlikowske , who heads the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , took questions from the foreign press this morning surrounding the administration ’s newly issued Drug Control Strategy .
And consistent with his approach over the last year , he did n’t have wonderful things to say about the “ war on drugs ” that ’s dictated the nation ’s drug policy for decades .
Attacking the problem from a public health standpoint , Kerlikowske argued , “ seems to make a lot more sense . ”
“ We ’ve been talking about a war on drugs for over 40 years , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think the American public sees a huge level of success — not that there has n’t been some — in a war on drugs . ”
Calling it a war really limits your resources .
And , essentially , the greatest resource in a war is some type of force .
Looking at this as both a public safety problem and a public health problem seems to make a lot more sense .
I know , in talking about these policies with my colleagues , former colleagues — police chiefs and sheriffs and the directors of state police authorities throughout the country — they have become quite frustrated at recycling people through a criminal justice system .
Kerlikowke , who previously headed Seattle ’s police force , also noted the economic advantages of treating addiction like an illness instead of a crime .
We also know that … incarceration is very expensive , and that if there are treatment programs — and we know there are — that can be successful in treating drug addiction and keeping communities safe , that those treatment programs are about one - half the cost of incarceration .
And that ’s music to the ears of states facing the toughest budget problems in a generation .
by Nirmala Carvalho
Rani Devi was named sarpanch ( head ) of Serhada .
The village is located in the district of Hisar , a long time hotbed of violence and atrocities by Jat ( superiors ) toward lower castes and untouchables such as Dalits .
Chandigarh ( AsiaNews ) - Social barriers have come crashing down in the district of Hisar in Haryana ( north - west India ) , where a Dalit woman was elected " sarpanch ( head ) of Serhada .
The village is dominated by Jat ( Superiors ) , a community known for its violence against the castes considered inferior , or Dalits , the " untouchables " of India ’s social system .
In the villages of Haryana , the Khaap Panchayats ( community council ) are known for their violent and discriminatory decisions against inferior castes .
On 21 April , for example , only 40 km from Serhada in the village of Mirchpur , a group of Jats set fire to a 70 year - old man and his 18 year old daughter , both belonging to the Dalit community .
Going against this trend on July 7 Rani Devi was elected head of Serhada village in Hisar district , with about 1384 votes out of 1702 .
Devi , wife of a poor shepherd , has expressed her surprise : " I am the adopted daughter of this village and am now responsible for every family that lives here .
This will strengthen our bond with them " .
Raghuveer Lathar and Jagbeer Poona , members of the Serhada , said : " The government hold up our village as a model for all .
We want anyone to achieve prosperity .
We have full confidence in Rani Devi ” .
A village elder was reasoned that the election of Devi : " responds to all political leaders who have personal interests in incidents Mirchpur ” .
Editor 's note :
This was one of featured articles in GlobalPost 's " Great Weekend Reads , " a free , online compilation of the week 's most colorful stories .
To receive Great Weekend Reads by email , let us know at editors@globalpost.com .
BAB BERRED , Morocco —
For generations this remote mountainous town has been the heart of Morocco 's cannabis - growing area , where farmers earned a reasonable living from cultivating marijuana .
Although growing cannabis was officially illegal , authorities turned a blind eye and farmers had fields of the leafy green weed .
But now farmers are angry that they are being forced to pay bribes to local police to continue growing the crop .
In this village , in the heart of the Rif Mountains , thousands of farmers protested while the police and the army watched helplessly .
“ Long live the king ! ” chanted the crowd , invoking Morocco ’s ruler as a shield from police repression .
“ Stop stealing from us ! ”
Thousands of families live off the cultivation of cannabis in this region that stretches more than 11,000 square miles .
The growing of cannabis is commonly referred to as " the culture of kif , " ( kif is a term for the dried bud of the female marijuana plant ) .
Farmers say the area 's harsh climate makes it impossible to grow anything else .
Although it is illegal to cultivate cannabis , it remains one of Morocco ’s most lucrative sources of income .
Morocco is estimated to have grown 53,000 tons of cannabis in 2005 , according to the most recent figures from the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime .
Most of the marijuana is processed into hashish .
European countries complain that Morocco is the prime source of the cannabis smuggled into their territories .
The Moroccan government claims to be cracking down on hashish production in accordance with several international treaties .
Since 2003 , Morocco has received $ 28 million euros from the European Union to eradicate the cultivation of cannabis .
In addition the United States has given $ 43 million , between 2005 and 2012 , to help farmers find new crops to replace marijuana .
In the past year , Moroccan authorities have cracked down on cannabis production using different strategies , including burning fields .
Marijuana is still openly grown in the villages in the Rif mountains but the farmers claim that their already meager income is now being dramatically reduced by authorities who demand bribes to allow the cultivation to continue .
" There are no alternatives in this region — we are currently in the fifth generation of kif culture — this region needs assistance , ” explained Abdellah Ljout , a local representative and social activist .
“ People are not saying they want to cultivate cannabis .
They say they want to survive .
They are ready to stop if they find another dignified way to earn a living . "
Ljout said he thinks the solution starts first with the political will to eradicate the illegal crop in a region where cannabis has been cultivated for more than 100 years .
The Moroccan government — which declined to comment for this story — enforces the law erratically , he said .
Attempts by police to search one farmer 's house for cannabis sparked the anger of the local population .
Military and police trucks surrounded the house at 4 a.m. on April 10 .
But the farmer ’s wife barred entry and dozens of neighbors gathered around to support the family .
The next day , an estimated crowd of 10,000 people — mostly young men — gathered in the main street of the village to voice their anger .
Villagers say that the local authorities regularly threaten them with warrants to prevent them from talking .
They make sure farmers know that they can arrest them at any time they choose .
The authorities invoked the presence of illegal weapons as an excuse to search the house .
" They accused us of having weapons and I told them we did not have any .
A policeman checked my father - in - law 's house and did n’t find anything , ” said Abdelouaret El Bohidi , a cannabis farmer .
” Here , everyone knows each other .
They know there are n't any weapons and that we are against weapons . ”
In the region , there are a few palatial houses owned by a handful of farmers and middlemen who have profited from cannabis cultivation and the production of hashish .
But the vast majority of locals struggle to earn a decent living in the face of obligatory bribes and poor weather conditions .
El Bohidi produces about 10 kilos a year that he sells at $ 300 each .
He says that he has no choice but to bribe the local authorities .
But it was the bribery payments to local authorities that brought these cultivators to break their silence .
" This is everything I own : I use it to buy grains , wheat , oil , soap , school books .
I use it to pay electricity , ” said El Bohidi , referring to a bag of marijuana .
“ If they take this from me , I will lose my mind .
I wo n’t have anything left to feed my children . ”
One farmer who asked to remain anonymous out of fear of retaliation said that two or three times a year he has to bribe the authorities .
They usually come to his house and bargain over his freedom .
" If you do n't give them anything , you go to jail , ” he said .
“ They have nothing to lose .
They throw you in jail to set you as an example to the others . "
The farmers want the government to take a strong stance to stop the harassment for bribes .
" If they want to forbid us to cultivate , they should tell us on television , or our elected officials should tell us , ” said Mohamed Amaghir , another farmer .
“ We will cultivate something else if they give us the means to do it .
All we are asking for is a piece of bread and nothing else . "
The music industry might be embracing digital and online technology , but Prince is not convinced that it ’s a good thing .
" The Internet 's completely over , ” Prince told British tabloid publication , The Mirror , in his first newspaper interview in 10 years .
“ I do n't see why I should give my new music to iTunes or anyone else .
They wo n't pay me an advance for it and then they get angry when they can't get it . ”
Prince is currently set to release his latest album , “ 20 Ten , ” for free through various European print media , including the Daily Mirror and its Scottish affiliate , the Daily Record .
Fans can snag their copy this Saturday via the different press outlets , but you they certainly wo n’t find any of the new material online .
Prince has banned both YouTube and iTunes from using his music , calling the web obsolete .
“ The Internet 's like MTV , ” he told the Mirror .
“ At one time MTV was hip and suddenly it became outdated .
Anyway , all these computers and digital gadgets are no good .
They just fill your head with numbers and that can't be good for you . "
Plans for a “ 20 Ten ” in the States have n’t been announced .
What do you think , is Prince on the verge smart new alternative for releasing albums or does his approach seem misguided ?
Coming up with new Pokemon these days must be a tough job .
With over 500 Pokemon on the roster to date , some overlap is inevitable and quite forgivable .
But even in the early days of Pokemon , designers were doubling and even tripling up on Pokemon based on the same animal or on a similar design template .
Come with us , Pokemon fans , trainers and champions , as we point out the most redundant Pokemon in our Pokedex …
The amazing thing about these adorable butterballs is that aside from Blissey , these were all introduced in the original roster of 151 Pokemon .
The pink blobs introduced in Pokemon Red and Blue can be divided into the big-eyed ( Jigglypuff / Wigglytuff ) or beady - eyed varieties ( Clefairy / Clefable , Chansey ) .
Jigglypuff had a memorable run on the animated series , where he'd go around causing mischief by putting people to sleep with hislullabyand drawing all over their faces with a marker .
He was totally badass .
But what did Clefairy do again ?
Well , he did have his own episode in the show ( " Clefairy Tales , " episode 62 ) , in which he ... gets beat up by a Jigglypuff ?!
That 's pretty rough , man .
Poor Clefairy .
That 's not the worst thing to happen to Clefairy though - he was actually originally supposed to be Ash 's first Pokemon and main sidekick in the series , but for whatever reason was swapped out for Pikachu at the last minute .
He was also slated to be the main mascot for the series until Pikachu 's sudden popularity completely crushed his chances .
How does he manage that base 140 happiness stat after everything that 's happened to him ?
And we can't forget about sweet Chansey , whose place in the Pokemon universe is cemented by her vocation as a nurse at the Pokemon Centers .
Her combination of rarity and low catch rate can make her a frustrating Pokemon to obtain , but of all the other pink blobs she 's arguably the most useful in battle , especially when evolved into her final form , Blissey .
And just to be thorough , do n't forget their prevolutions :
Gen V is set to introduce another pink blobby duo with Munna and its evolution , Musharna , which reminds us of a pink blob version of Drowzee :
Honorary pink blob shout - out also goes out to the Slowpoke family .
When looking at all four generations of Pokemon , it 's not that ducks are overdone so much as that the first generation immediately doubled up on ducks .
With so many animals to choose from in the world , why devote three spaces in your limited line up of potential Pokemon to ducks ?
Further evidence that someone on the Pokemon design team has an unusual affection for the Anatidae family , several non-duck Pokemon seem to have been gifted with unusually duck - like features .
Oh Magmar , what are we going to do with you ?
There are tons of bird Pokemon , and we 're OK with that .
Psyduck is cool in our books , and the same goes for Honchkrow , and hey , even Farfetch 'd and Chatot .
But too many bird Pokemon are simply too boring , and too similar to their real - life counterparts to make interesting Pokemon .
Every generation , it seems mandatory to introduce at least one evolutionary family of completely uninspired birds , and it looks like Black and White will be no exception .
Despite Mamepato's total resemblance to a common pigeon ( pigeons are actually remarkably cool birds , by the way ) , we still have hope that his final evolution will be something more interesting .
Chances are small though , if you take into account bird Pokemon history .
It is a rule universally acknowledged that all popular art forms eventually converge on the Star Wars universe .
Amigurumi–Japanese - style crocheted figures–are no different .
LucyRavenscar has designed a whole series of Star Wars themed amigurumi , inspired in part by the Star Wars LEGO aesthetic .
Better yet , she 's offering the patterns for sale on Etsy , so that you can try it for yourself .
Here are a couple of examples ( after the jump ) , taken from her Flickr set :
Apparently designs for Obi-Wan and Boba Fett are forthcoming , so keep an eye out !
Related :
In 2008 , the Star Wars blog interviewed Sammi Resendesabout amigurumi–including Slave Girl Leia : * Do n’t be hesitant about starting — it ’s easier than you think .
Amigurumi only requires you to know single crochet , and increasing and decreasing ( which is just slightly modified single crochet ) — so it ’s really easy to learn . *
And a 2007 version with Ewoks , Jawa , and Yoda .
Also see Jenny Williams 's GeekDad post on Geeky Embroidery .
( Thanks , Tim ! )
FIFA President Sepp Blatter ( top C ) and former United States President Bill Clinton ( top 2nd L ) attend a 2010 World Cup Group C soccer match between Algeria and the United States at Loftus Versfeld stadium in Pretoria June 23 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Alessandro Bianchi
PRETORIA ( Reuters ) - Former President Bill Clinton got to his feet to celebrate his team ’s last - gasp goal against Algeria at the World Cup on Wednesday and gave the players a speech about the American spirit afterwards .
“ He spent 45 minutes in the locker room , ” U.S. Soccer president Sunil Gulati told reporters .
“ He was so proud of the team -- they did n’t get frustrated by the fact they missed some chances today and did n’t let the last game affect them ( a 2 - 2 draw with Slovenia where they had a late goal disallowed ) .
“ That ’s the American spirit , that ’s what President Clinton said in the locker room after the game . ”
Landon Donovan ’s stoppage - time goal put the U.S. through to the knockout round as Group C winners , with Gulati saying Clinton was on his feet celebrating like the thousands of other American jubilant fans in the stadium .
Donovan was thrilled by the dressing room visitor .
“ He is very charismatic , you can tell how touched he was by the moment and it was really nice to have that , ” he told reporters .
König Fußball schlägt Aufklärung Hektor Haarkötter
WM - Auszeit für kritischen TV - Journalismus : Gebührengeld soll nicht für ein Gegenprogramm " verballert " werden , das dann viel weniger Menschen sehen
Wenn die Griechen einst zum Kampf der Wagen und Gesänge nach Olympia riefen , konnten sie sicher sein , in Frieden anreisen zu können .
Denn das „ olympische Händehalten “ war ein Waffenstillstand , der schon 10 Monate vor den Spielen begann und allen Athleten , Künstlern und Zuschauern eine sichere Anreise und einen ungestörten Verlauf der Spiele garantierte .
Heutige sportliche Großereignisse sind kein Garant mehr für friedliche Zeiten , jedenfalls was den sozialen Frieden angeht : Steigende Sozialbeiträge , Kürzungen im Sozialbereich , insolvente Krankenkassen sind die heutigen Kriegserklärungen , die geschickt in Phasen sportlicher Euphorie lanciert werden .
Das Stillhalteabkkommen , das heute herrscht , ist ein anderes , nämlich das zwischen Politik und Medien .
Im deutschen Fernsehen , dem öffentlich - rechtlichen zumal , herrscht während der Fußballweltmeisterschaft in gesellschaftspolitischer Hinsicht Funkstille .
Polit - Talks , Wirtschaftsmagazine und andere kritische Sendungen , von den Rundfunkanstalten gerne als die Flaggschiffe öffentlich - rechtlichen Journalismus ’ hochgejazzt , gehen auf Tauchstation .
„ Maybrit Illner “ verabschiedete sich für den gesamten Juni .
„ Anne Will “ macht Sommerpause bis zum ersten August .
Frank Plasberg kann noch ausführlicher für den Urlaub planen :
Er ist mit seiner Sendung „ Hart aber fair “ erst am 18 .
August wieder auf Sendung .
Zwar behauptet Silvia Maric von der ARD - Pressestelle :
Wir haben keine der von Ihnen aufgezählten Talk - Formate aus Anlass der Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft aus dem Programm genommen .
Allerdings bestätigt die Redaktion von „ Hart aber fair “ via Email :
Tatsächlich starten wir wegen der WM früher in die Sommerpause .
Keine Belästigung durch Analysen
Dass erstmalig in Deutschland eine gesetzliche Krankenkasse wegen Pleite die Pforten schließen muss , ist Faktenwissen , über das die Zuschauer des WDR Fernsehens nicht mit eingehenden Analysen belästigt werden .
Denn das WDR - Wirtschaftsmagazin „ Markt “ bekennt freimütig auf seiner Website : „ Während der Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft macht markt eine kleine Pause “ .
Das NDR - Pendant „ Markt “ desgleichen .
Dabei sind die dritten Programme vom Fußball gar nicht direkt betroffen und auch die zeitliche Überschneidung mit wichtigen Spielen begründet nicht immer hinreichend , warum eigentlich der Gebührenzahler während eines Sportereignisses auf öffentlich - rechtliche Information verzichten muss .
Heinrich Dieler von der ZDF - Pressestelle behauptet zwar in einer Stellungnahme , das Zweite Deutsche Fernsehen sei „ von dem von Ihnen angeschnittenen Thema bisher wenig betroffen .
Sowohl in der vergangenen ersten WM - Woche als auch in dieser kommenden Woche standen / stehen am Dienstag und Donnerstag Fußballspiele auf dem Programm “ .
Die Erfindung Südafrikas
Allerdings legt während der WM in Südafrika ausgerechnet das “ Auslandsjournal “ auch an für das ZDF fußballfreien Tagen eine Sendepause ein .
Und „ Frontal 21 “ im ZDF nimmt sich eine Auszeit bis zum 13 .
Juli .
Das ZDF meint aber , ihre eigene Ersatzbank gut bestückt zu haben .
Der Mainzer Sender habe „ anderweitig seine außenpolitische Berichterstattung verstärkt , zum Beispiel mit Marietta Slomkas Zweiteiler “ Afrikas Schätze “ .
Und auch innerhalb der Sportberichterstattung lassen die weitreisenden öffentlich - rechtlichen Journalisten es sich ja nicht nehmen , den einen oder anderen Blick jenseits der Fußballstadien auf das Gastgeberland zu werfen ( siehe dazu auch : Die Erfindung Südafrikas ) .
Gerade diese Form des Fernsehjournalismus jedoch wurde jüngst von Ethnologen der Uni Münster heftig kritisiert .
„ Schauermärchen über okkulte Rituale “ seien nämlich kennzeichnend für diesen TV - Journalismus .
„ Ein Großteil der aktuellen Berichterstattung fertigt einen ganzen Kontinent als irrational , archaisch und abstoßend ab und bestätigt damit Vorurteile “ , monieren die Wissenschaftler in einem Online - Artikel für den Uni-Exzellenzcluster „ Religion und Politik “ .
Hätten die Programmverantwortlichen doch mal jemanden gefragt , der sich damit auskennt !
Kein Gebührengeld verballern ?
Lustig ist das alles nicht .
Deswegen vermutlich hat auch der Bayerische Rundfunk seinem satirischen Wochenrückblick „ Quer “ für den Juni eine Auszeit gegönnt .
Und eine medienkritische Analyse wird im öffentlich - rechtlichen Fernsehen nicht zu erwarten sein , denn auch das Medienmagazin „ Zapp “ des Norddeutschen Rundfunks ist während der WM von der Mattscheibe verschwunden .
Steffen Eßbach erklärt für die Zapp - Redaktion in einer ausführlichen Stellungnahme , dass „ wir die Kritik , die dahintersteht , erstmal gut verstehen können “ .
Eßbach sieht aber eben doch die kritischen Magazine der Dritten Programme durch die WM in Mitleidenschaft gezogen .
Denn die meisten Zuschauer sähen erst das Spiel , guckten dann noch die Nachbesprechung an und gingen anschließend „ auf die Suche nach Schokolade im Kühlschrank “ .
Quintessenz :
Die Sendepause wurde also nicht verordnet , sondern folgt eher pragmatisch der Einsicht , das Gebührengeld nicht für ein Gegenprogramm zu verballern , das dann viel weniger Menschen sehen .
Eine WDR - Redakteurin drückte es pragmatischer aus : „ Ich mache mir doch während der WM nicht meine Jahresquote kaputt “ .
Verhält es sich wirklich so , dass eine ganze Fernsehnation während einer Fußballweltmeisterschaft allein mit Sportübertragungen hinreichend versorgt ist ?
Deutschland , ein einig Volk von Fußballguckern ?
Die Einschaltquoten sprechen eine andere Sprache
Denn das Ersatzprogramm , das etwa die Dritten gegen König Fußball stellen , ist ausgesprochen erfolgreich .
Mit Wiederholungen alter „ Tatort “ - Folgen konnten etwa WDR und NDR , wie der Branchendienst DWDL vermeldet , an einem WM - Sonntagabend während des Topspiels Brasilien gegen Elfenbeinküste 2,6 Millionen Zuschauer anziehen : Mehr als RTL II und Kabel Eins und auch deutlich mehr als der Jahresdurchschnitt der Sendeanstalten .
Auf der gemeinsamen Website trommeln die öffentlich - rechtlichen Anstalten heftig für die von ihnen gewählte Form der Programmgestaltung während der Fußballweltmeisterschaft :
Alle können dabei sein .
Daheim vor dem Fernseher .
Weil Sie es möglich machen – mit Ihren Rundfunkgebühren .
Für Gebührenzahler , die sich nicht so sehr nach der sehr speziellen Spielart des Sportjournalismus sehnen , wie sie die Fußballberichterstattung darstellt ( man denke nur an „ Waldis WM - Club “ ) , als vielmehr nach kritischem Journalismus und gesellschaftspolitischer Aufklärung , muss die Eigenwerbung von ARD und ZDF wie Hohn klingen .
Kleines Trostpflaster : Die ARD strahlt ihre Politmagazine am Donnerstag auch während der Fußball - WM aus .
Geht doch !
( Hektor Haarkötter )
1 . If you look back at where object orientation came from with Smalltalk - 80 with message passing , and look at the current state of inheritance and things like that , have we gone down the wrong path ?
Should we go back to basics ?
Ralph Johnson :
One of the things that always happen when you get an idea and it comes out and it's too radical for most people .
Most people do n't adopt the whole thing , they take a piece of it and then you get this approximation .
I can remember a time when people refused to use Smalltalk because it had garbage collection and it had this virtual machine bytecodes and a virtual machine and who would want to use something that was so inefficient , everything needed to be compiled .
Those sort of claims are gone .
Nobody says , there are certainly special cases where garbage collection gets in the way if you are doing low level or real time embedded programming , but by and large , people can see the value of that .
Now thinking of Java I think the static type system gets in the way and people are putting templates in to make the type system more powerful .
So all this is getting more and more complicated .
It always happens , you pick a language and if it's a little bit too restricted then you have to keep loosening it up and you go down a particular road that fits their strategy .
C++ of course has had that same thing , it was important to be compatible with C and that really was more compatible with the C way of thinking than it was compatible with a particular C compiler .
In that sense it has been successful and it has stayed compatible with the C way of thinking .
But , as a person who is not a C++ programmer looking at it , it is incredibly complicated .
They made this horribly complicated language but the people who use it are happy with it .
As an outsider to complain about it , is sort of pointless , because it 's not my language , but I see things like Ruby are a lot closer to Smalltalk .
2 . What Smalltalk got right / wrong ?
Ralph Johnson : Again , I was sort of thinking of Smalltalk as the ideal , one of the things occurred to me a few years ago where I think Smalltalk made a fundamental error .
I think it 's hard for people who are n't Smalltalk programmers to appreciate this , but when you are programming in Smalltalk , when you are debugging in Smalltalk , you are debugging the whole system .
The debugger is just an application that 's running inside , there is a compiler , there is all this , you got the collection classes , you got all these things .
When you are debugging , what you are doing is editing objects .
The program that there is no standard way to print Smalltalk code on paper .
Smalltalk code is the object .
It 's like this guy who edits the Postscript .
That seems really bizarre to us , but that is in fact what Smalltalk programmers are doing .
It 's just that it 's easy to understand in Smalltalk .
We 've got all these tools to present it and make that really nice interface .
Smalltalk programmers often make complaints like " These people who think you want to store code in file systems , store it as text files .
How antique and 20th century !
In fact that so 1970s we would say , because in 1980 we had better ways of doing that .
But there is a downside to that , which is that it encourages people , whenever they want to add something , you just make the image bigger .
The image gets bigger and bigger .
What occurred to me was there was at the same time the Smalltalk came out on the Xerox Machine they had another operating system and when you would debug it was more a pascal - ish type operating system .
When you debug on this operating system , you 'd say " Debug " , it would save all the memory to the disk and it would reboot the operating system with the debugger , but then you would be single stepping through your code , you 'd be in the debugger doing everything on the disk image .
You had that image and if you decide you debug the debugger , you'd hit the button again , you 'd push the debugger out on the disk , you 'd pop up another image and now you'd be running your debugger on the debugger on the original program as many times as you want .
You got obviously slower every time you did that , but the fact was it was easy to keep track of the difference between , if I have a new version of the debugger I of course have to debug it with my old debugger and on my application it 's easy to keep track of all of these things .
Because in Smalltalk you have everything in the image .
You can't keep track of the versions between the old and the new one - it's a pain in the neck but also now we are going to this distributed computing or parallel programming .
People say " We want to have multiple threads inside Smalltalk . "
No , you do n't want to do that !
Because you are just getting back to all those problems .
What you want to do is have multiple images in sending messages back and forth if you want fault tolerance .
It started years ago more but because we had this way of doing things , we just put everything in one image and there is also the issue of complexity .
You build a system , so it gets to the limit of what a few people can do and there Smalltalk does n't work too well .
If it actually took 20 people to build your system , Smalltalk is not very good .
If you could build it with 4 - 5 people , fine .
They all sit in the room and Smalltalk is just fabulous and you could build with 4 - 5 people something that would take 50 people in Java , but what if it would take 200 people in Java ?
You 're not going to do it with 4 - 5 people in Smalltalk .
It gets to this point where it 's really designed for smaller systems , small being relative to good programmers who are programming at really high speed .
But still there is that limit and if instead we were doing it by having multiple images and we 're doing message sending , it would not just deal better with fault tolerance , Joe is an expert at that , but I think it leads to larger groups because this is an issue there and it would help some of the tool problems .
I can look at Smalltalk and think " Here is something that 's wrong " , but by and large , the dynamic nature of it I love , the ability to change things so easily , the reflective nature of it is really powerful that you do all sorts of things .
By and large , when I look at the rest of the world , what I think is " They are slowly catching up " .
Looking at Ruby which has a lot of stuff , but for some reason the Ruby people do n't believe that tools are important , which is just an odd thing to me .
Anyway , there are a lot of good things going on out there and people are gradually catching up - that 's my feeling .
3 . Is Erlang object oriented ?
Joe Armstrong : Smalltalk got a lot of the things right .
So if your question is about what I think about object oriented programming , I sort of changed my mind over that .
I wrote a an article , a blog thing , years ago - Why object oriented programming is silly .
I mainly wanted to provoke people with it .
They had a quite interesting response to that and I managed to annoy a lot of people , which was part of the intention actually .
I started wondering about what object oriented programming was and I thought Erlang was n't object oriented , it was a functional programming language .
Then , my thesis supervisor said " But you 're wrong , Erlang is extremely object oriented " .
He said object oriented languages are n't object oriented .
I might think , though I 'm not quite sure if I believe this or not , but Erlang might be the only object oriented language because the 3 tenets of object oriented programming are that it 's based on message passing , that you have isolation between objects and have polymorphism .
Alan Kay himself wrote this famous thing and said " The notion of object oriented programming is completely misunderstood .
It 's not about objects and classes , it 's all about messages " .
He wrote that and he said that the initial reaction to object oriented programming was to overemphasize the classes and methods and under emphasize the messages and if we talk much more about messages then it would be a lot nicer .
The original Smalltalk was always talking about objects and you sent messages to them and they responded by sending messages back .
But you do n't really do that and you do n't really have isolation which is one of the problems .
Dan Ingalls said yesterday ( I thought it was very nice ) about messaging that once you got messaging , you do n't have to care where the message came from .
You do n't really have to care , the runtime system has to organize the delivery of the message , we do n't have to care about how it 's processed .
It sort of decouples the sender and the receiver in this kind of mutual way .
That 's why I love messaging .
The 3 things that object oriented programming has it's messaging , which is possibly the most important thing .
The next thing is isolation and that 's what I talked about earlier , that my program should n't crash your program , if the 2 things are isolated , then any mistakes I make in my program will not crash your program .
This is certainly not true with Java .
You cannot take 2 Java applications , bung them in the JVM and one of them still halts the machine and the other one will halt as well .
You can crash somebody else 's application , so they are not isolated .
The third thing you want is polymorphism .
Polymorphism is especially regarding messaging , that 's just there for the programmer 's convenience .
It 's very nice to have for all objects or all processes or whatever you call them , to have a printMe method - " Go print yourself " and then they print themselves .
That 's because the programmers , if they all got different names , the programmer is never going to remember this , so it 's a polymorphism .
It just means " OK , all objects have a printMe method .
All objects have a what 's your size method or introspection method . "
Erlang has got all these things .
It 's got isolation , it 's got polymorphism and it's got pure messaging .
From that point of view , we might say it 's the only object oriented language and perhaps I was a bit premature in saying that object oriented languages are about .
You can try it and see it for yourself .
Ralph Johnson :
The thing about Erlang is that it's in some sense 2 languages , at least you program it 2 levels because one is the functional language that you use to write a single process and then there is what you think about all these processes and how do they interact , one process is sending messages to the other .
At a higher level , that Erlang is object oriented , at the lowest level it 's a pure functional language and that 's how it got advertised for a long time .
At a higher level , when you are looking at it more from an architectural and high level design it is quite object oriented .
I think you are redefining isolationism .
It 's all running on one computer and if one process goes wild , it hogs the processor .
I think they look more like the importance of garbage collection so that you do n't have to make sure that you agree on how you 're releasing things .
The only way in Smalltalk to interact with an object is send it a message , but the issue is what message do you have .
It 's the same thing in Erlang .
If you allow a huge number of messages that allow , return all the values of your local variables and that everybody 's send you messages and you 'll set the values of your local messages , if you did something like that , you 'd basically lose a lot of the value of the isolationism .
That 's why you have to design things properly .
The language offers some mechanism .
Joe Armstrong :
It 's useful when we 've got million core computers .
In DarkLore Volume II , an anthology of writings on high weirdness and secret history , Mike Jay lays out the birth of the Illuminati conspiracy at the end of the 18th century .
The Daily Grail has just published the article , which tells how the modern myth (? ) began with a society floundering to understand the French Revolution .
From " Darkness Over All : John Robison and the Birth of the Illuminati Conspiracy : "
At the beginning of 1797 , John Robison was a man with a solid and long - standing reputation in the British scientific establishment .
He had been Professor of Natural Philosophy at Edinburgh University for over twenty years , an authority on mathematics and optics , and had recently been appointed senior scientific contributor on the third edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica , to which he would eventually contribute over a thousand pages of articles .
Yet by the end of the year , his professional reputation had been eclipsed by a sensational book that vastly outsold anything he had previously written , and whose shockwaves would continue to reverberate long after his scientific work had been forgotten .
Its title was Proofs of a Conspiracy against all the Religions and Governments of Europe , and it launched on the English - speaking public the enduring theory that a vast conspiracy , masterminded by a covert Masonic cell known as the Illuminati , was in the process of subverting all the cherished institutions of the civilised world and co-opting them into instruments of its secret and godless plan : the tyranny of the masses under the invisible control of unknown superiors , and a new era of ' darkness over all ' .
The first edition of Proofs of a Conspiracy sold out within days , and within a year it had been republished many times , not only in Edinburgh but in London , Dublin and New York .
Robison had hit a nerve by offering an answer , plausible to many , to the great questions of the day : what had caused the French Revolution , and had there been any plan behind its bloody and tumultuous progress ?
Many had located the roots of the revolution in the ideas of Enlightenment figures such as Voltaire , Diderot and D'Alembert , who had exalted reason and progress over authority and tradition ; but none of these mostly aristocratic philosophes had advocated a revolution of the masses , and indeed several of them had ended their lives on the guillotine .
In the early 1790s , it had been possible to believe that the power - hungry lawyers and journalists of the Jacobin Club had whipped up the Paris mob into their destructive frenzy as a means to their own ends , but by 1794 Danton , Robespierre and the rest of the Jacobin leaders had followed their victims to the guillotine : how could they have been the puppet - masters when they had had their own strings so brutally cut ?
What Robison was proposing in the densely - argued and meticulously documented pages of Proofs of a Conspiracy was that all these agents of revolution had been pawns in a much bigger game , whose ambitions were only just beginning to make themselves visible .
Well , this is pretty exciting .
Two ROM developers by the names of Maja and udK over at ( where else ? )
XDA - Devs have ported FroYo to the Desire , and enabled 720 p video recording – pretty neat stuff .
The ROM ( v1.0 ) is n’t quite ready for mass consumption yet – it ’s still in testing ( v0.3 is available for now , though ) .
Still , it ’s definitely something to look forward to , and we ’ll be sure to update everyone once the FroYo / 720 p ROM is released .
I ’ve said it before , and I ’ll say it again : the fact that our phones are great to begin with , and that ROM devs continue to unlock more goodies for them , is just too cool .
[ Source : XDA - Devs 1 , XDA - Devs 2 ]
Guild Wars 2 announced the second expansion to the game " Path of Fire " today !
And it 's coming next month !
It 's a bold move , but it promises to be spectacul
( PhysOrg.com ) -- IBM has delivered a first - of - a- kind hot water - cooled supercomputer to the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich ( ETH Zurich ) , marking a new era in energy - aware computing .
The innovative system , dubbed Aquasar , consumes up to 40 percent less energy than a comparable air - cooled machine .
Through the direct use of waste heat to provide warmth to university buildings , Aquasar 's carbon footprint is reduced by up to 85 percent .
Building energy efficient computing systems and data centers is a staggering undertaking .
In fact , up to 50 percent of an average air - cooled data center 's energy consumption and carbon footprint today is not caused by computing but by powering the necessary cooling systems to keep the processors from overheating - a situation that is far from optimal when looking at energy efficiency from a holistic perspective .
The development of Aquasar began one year ago as part of IBM's First - Of - A - Kind ( FOAK ) program , which engages IBM scientists with clients to explore and pilot emerging technologies that address business problems .
The supercomputer consists of special water - cooled IBM BladeCenter Servers , which were designed and manufactured by IBM scientists in Zurich and Boblingen , Germany .
For direct comparison with traditional systems , Aquasar also holds additional air - cooled IBM BladeCenter servers .
In total , the system achieves a performance of six Teraflops and has an energy efficiency of about 450 megaflops per watt .
In addition , nine kilowatts of thermal power are fed into the ETH Zurich 's building heating system .
With its innovative water - cooling system and direct utilization of waste heat , Aquasar is now fully - operational at the Department of Mechanical and Process Engineering at ETH Zurich .
" With Aquasar , we make an important contribution to the development of sustainable high performance computers and computer system .
In the future it will be important to measure how efficiently a computer is per watt and per gram of equivalent CO2 production , " said Prof.
Dimos Poulikakos , head of the Laboratory of Thermodynamics in New Technologies , ETH Zurich .
Innovative water - cooling system
The processors and numerous other components in the new high performance computer are cooled with up to 60 degrees C warm water .
This is made possible by an innovative cooling system that comprises micro-channel liquid coolers which are attached directly to the processors , where most heat is generated .
With this chip - level cooling the thermal resistance between the processor and the water is reduced to the extent that even cooling water temperatures of up to 60 degrees C ensure that the operating temperatures of the processors remain well below the maximally allowed 85 degrees C .
The high input temperature of the coolant results in an even higher - grade heat at the output , which in this case is up to 65 degrees C. Overall , water removes heat 4,000 times more efficiently than air .
" With Aquasar we achieved an important milestone on the way to CO2 - neutral data centers , " said Dr. Bruno Michel , manager of Advanced Thermal Packaging at IBM Research - Zurich .
" The next step in our research is to focus on the performance and characteristics of the cooling system which will be measured with an extensive system of sensors , in order to optimize it further . "
Aquasar is part of a three - year collaborative research program called " Direct use of waste heat from liquid - cooled supercomputers : the path to energy saving , emission - high performance computers and data centers . "
In addition to ETH Zurich and IBM Research - Zurich , the project also involves ETH Lausanne .
It is supported by the Swiss Centre of Competence of support for Energy and Mobility ( CCEM ) .
Explore further IBM and ETH Zurich unveil plan to build new kind of water - cooled supercomputer
Source : IBM
The State Opposition says it will consider dropping the troubled myki public transporting ticketing system if it wins the next election .
The project has been plagued with setbacks since the contracts were signed five years ago .
Victoria 's Transport Ticketing Authority ( TTA ) was forced to pulp almost 500,000 myki brochures last week , because the old city saver fare has now been dropped .
Opposition Leader Ted Baillieu says the Opposition is considering its legal options with regards to the myki contract , ahead of this year 's state election .
" It 's years overdue , it 's hugely over budget and has n't delivered , " he said .
" We have said before that we will honour contracts , but we will also hold any contractors to that contract and that means we will look at all the legal options in the contract . "
( Wired ) --
It appears that technology giant Samsung is handing out free Galaxy S smartphones to iPhone 4 owners frustrated by reception problems .
An account on Twitter called @samsungukmobile is contacting people who 've tweeted about their difficulties with the handset , asking them to submit their contact details to receive a free handset .
One of those offered a handset was Tiffany Nieuwland , who told Wired : " My iPhone and I have been inseparable for almost a month now , tomorrow being one month since the iPhone OS 4 launched .
But the honeymoon period ended this week as repeated dropped calls , and a sudden unexplainable inability to make or receive calls or send texts left me disgruntled .
" So I did what anyone else would do : I vented my frustration on Twitter .
Imagine my surprise , then , when this morning I am tweeted by Samsung offering me a free Galaxy S , their latest phone .
Too good to be true ?
I decided to investigate .
" I called a friend at Samsung , and though she was initially sceptical , it has now been confirmed : the campaign is legit .
Samsung is so confident about the superiority of the Galaxy S that they 're sending free ones to existing iPhone customers so they can decide for themselves . "
It 's an interesting and unconventional approach to marketing the device , which is powered by Android 2.1 and features a whopping great big 4.0 - inch AMOLED display .
It 's entirely possible that Samsung has taken a gamble that getting a few of the devices out in the wild , so that people can see and play with them , will be worth the initial outlay in terms of the effect they 'll have on sales .
Tiffany added : " I 've been waiting for an excuse to try out an Android for months , but it is yet to be seen if I can be persuaded to stray . "
Would you convert to Android if the phone was offered up free ?
Tell us in the comments .
Update :
We 've got official word from Samsung that this is legitimate .
A spokesperson for the company told us : " Recently there has been a real increase in online activity from consumers dissatisfied with some of our competitors ' products .
We decided to contact a cross section of individuals to offer them a free Samsung Galaxy S as a replacement , as we 're confident that once people have the phone in their hands , they 'll see how impressive it is for themselves . "
Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT !
Click here !
Copyright 2011 Wired.com .
Anya Landau French , director of the U.S. - Cuba Policy Initiative at the New America Foundation , called on the Obama administration to make BP ’s Deepwater Horizon disaster the spur to work with Cuba to prevent similar catastrophes in the years ahead .
Writing in the The Havana Note , a website devoted to improving U.S. - Cuba relations , French points out that Cuba has signed a contract with a Spanish oil company to drill in the Gulf of Mexico with an Italian rig built in China as early as this fall .
The U.S. should lift the Cold War trade embargo on Cuba and allow U.S. companies , technology and personnel into Cuba to help “ mitigate any risks oil exploration in Cuban waters could have on the United States , ” French writes .
She adds , “ The Deepwater Horizon disaster underscores the need to be talking to Cuba about protecting our shared environment . ”
As BP ’s mile - deep oil well , 40 miles off the coast of Louisiana , continues to gush 25,000 barrels daily into the Gulf , that “ shared environment ” is becoming an overriding issue .
Nature lovers are now rushing to help protect or clean up pristine beaches and wildlife refuges along the U.S. Gulf Coast .
But what about Cuba ’s Veradero , Mexico ’s Cancun , Jamaica ’s Montego Bay , among the most glorious beaches in the world ?
What if the oil drifts east into the Gulf Stream ?
It could end up fouling beaches in Europe and killing fish , shrimp and oysters that feed tens of millions .
Already , the United Nations and 13 countries have offered assistance in stopping the gusher and helping in the cleanup .
State Department spokesman P.J. Rowley said the U.S. Coast Guard will decide what , if any , aid to accept in coming days .
After BP ’s 97 - ton containment dome failed , Doug Suttles , BP ’s chief operating officer for exploration , told The New York Times , “ There are not much additional available resources in the world to fight this thing offshore .
We ’ve basically thrown everything we have at it . ”
What is this if not an admission of defeat ?
Tyson Slocum , director of Public Citizen ’s Energy Program , accused BP of “ one of the worst safety records of any oil company operating in America , ” so bad it has amassed $ 485 million in fines and settlements including more than $ 87 million for “ willful negligence ” in the death of 15 workers in the explosion of a BP refinery in Houston , Texas , in March 2005 .
Slocum said : “ Here you have the company that is responsible for the accident leading the response to the crisis .
There is a problem here and the consequence is clear . ”
Five days after BP ’s April 22 Deepwater Horizon disaster — on Earth Day , ironically – the huge oil corporation reported first quarter 2010 profits of $ 5.6 billion , more than twice the $ 2.4 billion it reported in the first quarter of last year .
It has cost BP only four days of profits to pay for all their response so far to the disaster .
Many are asking if this is n’t an argument for nationalizing BP .
Lisa Margonelli , also of the New America Foundation , writes in The New York Times that the likely fallout of this environmental catastrophe will be a moratorium on offshore drilling .
“ Moratoriums have a moral problem , ” she continues .
“ All oil comes from someone ’s backyard , and when we do n’t reduce the amount of oil we consume and refuse to drill at home , we end up getting people to drill for us in Kazakhstan , Angola , and Nigera … Nigeria has suffered spills equivalent to that of the Exxon Valdez every year since 1969 .
As of last year , Nigeria had 2,000 active spills . ”
Since the Santa Barbara , Calif. , oil spill of 1969 , she continues , “ Americans have increased by two - thirds the amount of petroleum we consume in our cars while nearly quadrupling the amount of petroleum we import .
Effectively , we ’ve been importing oil and exporting spills to villages and waterways all over the world . ”
Every gallon of gas “ is a gallon of risk , ” she adds .
The people of the U.S. and the government “ should throw our newfound political will behind a sweeping commitment to use less gas – build cars that use less oil ( or none at all ) and figure out better ways to transport Americans . ”
Photo :
Oil , scooped up with a bucket from the Gulf of Mexico off the side of the supply vessel Joe Griffin , is seen in the hands of an AP reporter at the site of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , off the coast of Louisiana , May 10 .
( AP / Gerald Herbert )
Population policy is one of those deeply vexed issues that often seems to bring out the worst in political discussions .
Too often it is used as a cypher for racist politics .
Too often , those who are honestly trying to grapple with the issue sensibly are labelled racist by association .
I wish I knew which of [… ]
Population policy is one of those deeply vexed issues that often seems to bring out the worst in political discussions .
Too often it is used as a cypher for racist politics .
Too often , those who are honestly trying to grapple with the issue sensibly are labelled racist by association .
I wish I knew which of those two categories Julia Gillard ’s comments of recent days belong to – dog whistle or unfairly criticised as such .
I suspect we ’ll find out very soon .
Meanwhile , within the Greens Party membership , it ’s no secret that there is a longstanding dispute over how to deal with and communicate on the issue .
I stress that these are my opinions and not necessarily those of the party .
Having got the preamble and the caveats out of the way , here ’s my 2c on population .
Australia is not an island .
Not on this increasingly small globe , it is n’t .
And it ’s not earth - shattering to note that population is an issue of far greater significance globally than it is locally .
Population stresses overseas dwarf any here in Australia .
With business - as - usual approaches to foreign policy , aid and climate , those stresses will inevitably boil over and inexorably head our way .
And here ’s the rub .
Australia is not an island .
Australia , frankly , cannot be a fortress .
No matter what we do , if people want to come here – as they will in coming decades more and more – we wo n’t be able to stop them .
If you think a few thousand refugees each year is difficult to handle , wait until climate - related desertification , sea - level rise and storms start uprooting tens of millions of people from Bangladesh to Kiribati , from the Mekong delta to the plains of western China .
Scott Morrison ’s tough rhetoric will not be able to stop them coming to Australia .
We need to accept that the path we are heading down currently is a dead end .
We have to change direction .
What does that involve ?
In my opinion , our task is threefold : help slow population growth around the world and in our region ; help turn around the climate crisis so populations in our region do n’t face the huge stresses it would bring , driving them in our direction ; and massively change our own economic and social structures so that Australia can cope with a larger population .
By investing wisely in appropriate aid , education ( particularly of women ) , Grameen - style micro-financing , renewable energy and other projects in our region , Australia can help slow population growth in the developing nations that surround us .
By reducing their population stresses , we can increase their relative standard of living ( and do so sustainably , if we put in the effort , by helping them leapfrog our fossil fuel addiction and head straight to renewable energy and fuels ) and thereby decrease the pressures that send people in our direction .
By working positively towards a fair , science - based global solution to the climate crisis , we can avoid the tremendously increased stresses that are projected for the large populations of poor people in our region .
There are actually great synergies to be gained – seriously tackling climate change will involve major investment in sustainable development from countries like Australia in our developing country neighbours .
And it will also involve the third task .
By radically changing our own economy – re-building our energy networks for 100 % renewable energy , re-designing our cities for localised , livable hubs linked by fast mass transit , replacing our vehicle fleet with electric engines , re-discovering community food gardens and boosting sustainable local production and much more – we can build a country which can sustain many more people .
It ’ll take decades , but that ’s OK .
As long as we start fast .
Remember that ecological impact is a factor of population x consumption x technology .
If we make the shift to sustainable technology and make the choice to consume less , we can sustain a larger population .
And here ’s another positive feedback loop – if we make the choice to consume less here in Australia , we lead by example those in developing countries who see our consumption as the key to our standard of living .
This will not only help the global community be more sustainable , but could also reduce the pull factors bringing people to our shores .
Now , regardless of all this , some will doubtless raise the spectre of problems with integration of people from different cultures .
As a child of refugees from the holocaust whose parents were seen by many anglo Australians in the late 50s as alien and slightly scary , this , in my opinion , is largely a question of attitude .
As we get used to each wave of migrants , we realise that they are n’t scary and they actually add to our society .
If , instead of demonising refugees , we welcomed them and helped them become actively citizens , we would build a more cohesive society .
If we did n’t lock asylum seekers behind razor wire when they arrive , would we be less anxious about them ?
I suspect so .
So here ’s an idea – how about we try to be friends ?
Oh , and one final point .
Australia is not an island .
We are one pretty damn lucky country on a very small planet .
We have a responsibility to play our fair role on this planet , and that goes for dealing with population stresses just as much as it goes for the climate crisis .
Let ’s not pretend we can shut our eyes , close our borders , and hope it ’ll all go away .
It wo n’t .
( Visited 17 times , 1 visits today )
Justin Drew Bieber ( born March 1 , 1994 in London , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian pop musician , actor , and singer - songwriter .
Bieber was discovered in 2008 by American talent manager Scooter Braun , who came across Bieber 's videos on YouTube and later became his manager .
Braun arranged for him to meet with entertainer Usher Raymond in Atlanta , Georgia .
Bieber was signed to Raymond Braun Media Group ( RBMG ) , and then to an Island Records recording contract offered by record executive L.A. Reid .
His debut extended play , the seven - track My World , was released in November 2009 , and wa… read more
Ottawa has summoned a Cuban diplomat to account for Cuba 's lengthy detention of Canadians who visit the communist country , including an Ontario teen currently barred from leaving .
The meeting Tuesday comes almost three months after Cody LeCompte of Norfolk County was involved in a car accident in Santa Lucia in April .
The 19 - year - old is prohibited from leaving until the case is resolved .
According to the department of foreign affairs , 108 Canadians have been arrested or detained in Cuba since 2005 ; about 10 per cent of the cases are “ vehicle - related . ”
Currently , about 10 Canadians , including LeCompte , are being held there .
Last year , almost a million Canadians visited Cuba .
“ While aware that Cuban law allows for a period of lengthy investigation , Canadian officials expressed their concern that the investigation into this matter is taking so long , ” Peter Kent , minister of state for foreign affairs of the Americas , said Wednesday .
“ The delay faced by Canadians awaiting resolution of such cases could affect fellow Canadians ’ choice of Cuba as a tourist destination in the future . ”
Staff at the Cuban embassy in Ottawa declined to comment .
LeCompte has been held since April 29 when the rental car he was driving was involved in a serious accident near Camaguey that sent him , his mother , uncle and a female Cuban friend to hospital .
All have recovered from their injuries .
Although LeCompte has not been charged , Cuban law dictates foreigners involved in car accidents remain in the country until the matter is dealt with in court .
“ Cody is trying to put up a strong face , but he ’s cracking , ” his mother , Danette LeCompte , told the Star in an earlier interview .
She has taken leave from work to be with her son in Cuba .
According to foreign affairs , traffic accidents are a “ frequent cause of arrest and detention ” for Canadians in Cuba .
One can be held for up to 18 months .
“ In most cases , the driver will not be allowed to leave Cuba until the trial has taken place .
In some cases , the driver will be imprisoned during this delay , ” said its travel report for Cuba , which advises against driving in Cuba due to its hazardous road conditions .
At the African Union Summit in Uganda last week , both Kent and his parliamentary secretary , Deepak Obhrai , met with senior Cuban officials and raised LeCompte ’s case .
A diplomatic note was also delivered to Havana .
Kent said Canadian consular officials have called both the LeCompte family and Cuban officials , seeking expeditious treatment of this case , and will continue to offer assistance to the family .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Liberal MP Dan McTeague , an opposition consular affairs critic , said Canadian officials must meet face - to - face with the family and assure them all that can be done is being done .
He also said Ottawa needs to do more to educate Canadians about travel warnings on the foreign affairs website before going abroad .
Read more about :
An unknown virus pandemic kills more than 90 % of the world 's population .
Those immune must strive to survive and overcome the difficulties of this new world order , hoping that the virus will not mutate .
( CNN ) -- President Barack Obama bluntly defended his administration 's response to the undersea gusher fouling the Gulf of Mexico on Monday , telling an interviewer he has met with experts to learn " whose ass to kick . "
" I was down there a month ago , before most of these talking heads were even paying attention to the Gulf , " Obama told NBC's " Today " show in an interview that aired Tuesday .
" A month ago I was meeting with fishermen down there , standing in the rain talking about what a potential crisis this could be . "
A variety of critics have accused Obama of being too cerebral in his reaction to the undersea gusher now fouling the Gulf of Mexico , of failing to put the full force of the administration and of putting too much trust in oil company BP .
NBC's Matt Lauer asked Obama about the criticism that he should spend more time in the Gulf instead of with experts and " kick some butt . "
Obama told NBC his deliberations have been more than academic .
" I do n't sit around talking to experts because this is a college seminar , " Obama continued .
" We talk to these folks because they potentially have the best answers , so I know whose ass to kick . "
The disaster was uncorked by an explosion aboard the offshore oil rig Deepwater Horizon on April 20 that killed 11 workers .
The rig sank two days later , and estimates of the amount of oil pouring into the gulf from the undersea blowout grew rapidly in the following week .
i Report : Share your view on the response to the oil disaster
Obama made a May 2 visit to the Coast Guard command center in Venice , Louisiana , warning during a rain - spattered news conference that the problem may take " many days " to solve .
The Coast Guard and the Department of the Interior , which oversees offshore oil drilling , were already heavily involved with well owner BP in trying to corral the leak .
But by then , conservative commentators -- some of whom had defended the Bush administration 's lackluster response to 2005 's Hurricane Katrina -- were billing the disaster " Obama 's Katrina , " and complaints about the pace and the amount of muscle the White House has put behind the cleanup have come from a handful of Democrats as well .
Marvin Minsky delivers more ideas in these 10 minutes than any of the other 100 + TED presentations I ’ve seen .
He starts on this simple observation : we can solve all of our great planetary problems with a simple choice , controlling our population .
The debate on overpopulation was all the rage in the 60s and 70s when alarmists like David Rockefeller would foretell of great catastrophes , and humanitarians such as John Lennon got upset that millionaires and policymakers wanted to decide how many kids anyone could have .
I am honestly sympathetic to both sides .
I am less sympathetic to those who argue we should have fewer humans to make room for pandas and monkeys , such as primatologist Jane Goodall but she raises a good point when mentioning the ongoing taboo on the subject .
Indeed , it seems that Malthusian economics have been completely abandonned , possibly at the worst possible time .
While demographists are forecasting the world population will peak in about 30 years time , you would expect the debate on population size to be at the heart of our society .
I think politicians and economists are afraid of raising this topic because it could make them extremely unpopular with the average Joe ( or the average Mohammed ) .
The United Nations for instance is promoting the following 8 “ Millennium development goals ” :
1. Eradicate extreme poverty and hunger
2. Achieve universal primary education
3. Promote gender equality and empower women
4. Reduce child mortality
5 . Improve maternal health
6. Combat HIV / AIDS , malaria and other diseases
7. Ensure environmental sustainability
8. Develop a global partnership for development
All very noble causes ( though I have questioned the legitimacy of mandatory public education before ) ; and amazingly all goals which could be achieved by implementing rather straighforward and cheap birth control policies .
Now you may ask : “ Who are we to decide whether a child should be born or not ?
For all you know , that destitute Rwandan mother may be carrying the next Gandhi or the next John O’ Connor in her womb … .
And even if that kid does n’t become a great leader or a superhero , and is just an average engineer with an average existence , his small contributions may nevertheless one day lead to much greater discoveries .
Should n’t we try to have as many human brains to help us advance as a specie ? ”
All essential questions .
This is perhaps the most important policy debate which we are not having .
We are n’t having it because population and birth control are taboo subjects which offend religious institutions ( which get their power from the poor and needy ) and immediately draws stale comparisons with the eugenic experiments of the Nazis .
Does it make any sense that because of Hitler ’s mistakes 80 years ago , we should stop wondering how to improve man ?
In the words of Marvin Minsky : “ We worry about the consequence of cloning but let any two random people create a child of average intelligence . ”
Maybe we just like sex with strangers too much !
We may not be ready handle the debate on human genetics yet but anyone can witness the devastating effects of overpopulationon on our planet and our quality of life .
To those who say that population control is a selfish policy serving the agenda of the very rich and powerful , I offer the following excerpt as counter - argument .
Its from Consilience : The Unity of Knowledge , a 1998 book by biologist E. O. Wilson :
On the surface it would seem , and was so reported by the media , that the Rwandan catastrophe was ethnic rivalry run amok .
That is true only in part .
There was a deeper cause , rooted in environment and demography .
Between 1950 and 1994 the population of Rwanda , favored by better health care and temporarily improved food supply , more than tripled , from 2.5 million to 8.5 million .
In 1992 the country had the highest growth rate in the world , an average of 8 children per woman .
Parturition began early , and generation times were short .
But although total food production increased dramatically during this period , it was soon overbalanced by population growth .
The average farm size dwindled as plots were divided from one generation to the next .
Per capita grain production fell by half from 1960 to the early 1990s .
Water was so overdrawn that hydrologists declared Rwanda one of the world ’s twenty - seven water - scarce countries .
The teenage soldiers of the Hutu and Tutsi then set out to solve the population problem in the most direct possible way .
Rwanda is a microcosm of the world .
War and civil strife have many causes , most not related directly to environmental stress .
But in general , overpopulation and the consequent dwindling of available resources are tinder that people pile up around themselves .
The mounting anxiety and hardship are translated into enmity , and enmity into moral aggression .
Scapegoats are identified , sometimes other political or ethic groups , sometimes neighboring tribes .
The tinder continues to grow , awaiting the odd assassination , territorial incursion , atrocity , or other provocative incident to set it off .
Rwanda is the most populated country in Africa .
Burundi , its war torn neighbor , is second .
Haiti and El Salvador , two of the chronically most troubled nations of the Western Hemisphere , are also among the most densely populated , exceeded only by five tiny island countries of the Caribbean .
They are also arguable the most environmentally degraded .
HOUSTON —
In the aftermath of the All - Stars ' loss to Manchester United on Wednesday , and just a day after his Galaxy were thumped at home in a Champions League qualifier , Bruce Arena 's summer could be looking up .
MLS All - Star coach Arena told reporters that David Beckham 's rehabilitation is on schedule and that the DP midfielder could return to the team as early as next month .
For starters , he 'll be back in Los Angeles next week .
" I believe there ’s a chance he can begin training by the end of August , " Arena told reporters following the All - Star Game .
" At this point in time , there ’s no way to predict whether he ’ll be able to play this year or not .
" If you ask David , I think David would say yes , but certainly we need to be real smart about moving this forward . "
Beckham ruptured his left Achilles tendon while on loan to Italian club AC Milan back in April .
The injury forced him out of the World Cup picture and placed his 2010 MLS season — and perhaps his career — in doubt .
" Certainly we need to be real smart about moving this forward , " Arena said .
" There ’s a possibility he could play toward the end of the MLS regular season , but at this point in time it would be difficult to say yes or no . "
The painter Thomas Kinkade , whose mass - produced landscapes have made him one of the most - collected artists in America , has been arrested on suspicion of drunk driving .
Kinkade , 52 , was pulled over outside Carmel on Friday night because his 2006 Mercedes - Benz did n't have a front license plate , said California Highway Patrol Officer Robert Lehman .
The artist smelled of alcohol , Lehman said , and he was arrested after he failed a field sobriety test .
Kinkade was released from jail the next day after posting bail .
His arrest came less than two weeks after one of his companies filed for bankruptcy protection .
The Chapter 11 petition was filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in San Jose in the name of Kinkade 's production company , Pacific Metro of Morgan Hill , Calif .
The Placerville - born painter has spun a lucrative career since his humble beginnings selling paintings in supermarket parking lots .
A " born - again " Christian whose incandescent paintings of Americana are laden with religious themes , Kinkade 's work has been praised as inspirational by some and dismissed as kitsch by art critics .
Clients of Shaw Law Ltd. are quick to see the advantages of working with a firm that can see beyond the demands of the immediate problem to protect their broader interests .
As a result , many clients turn to us for advice on a new issue years after we helped them through a divorce or criminal defense problem .
Protecting Rights of Gun Owners and Manufacturers
Our attorneys have over 50 years experience with all types of gun law matters including firearm regulatory compliance , federal and state firearms litigation and administrative procedures .
Many of our clients are within the firearms industry and we are here to protect their rights .
Arrested in the Northern Collar Counties ?
Call an Illinois Criminal Defense Lawyer
Our experience in misdemeanor and felony defense allows us to work toward favorable outcomes on a wide range of criminal matters , from driving under the influence ( DUI ) and drug charges to serious sex crimes or violent offenses .
At the same time , we ’re just as effective with the resolution of problems related to real estate , wills and trusts , or debt relief .
Our goal is to serve as the only law firm your family will ever need to work with .
Contact Us and Schedule a Free In - Office Initial Consultation
To learn more about our practice and our client service values , contact a family law attorney or criminal defense lawyer at Shaw Law Ltd. in Waukegan .
We also represent clients in such southeastern Wisconsin locations as Kenosha , Racine and Milwaukee County .
We are a debt relief agency .
We help people file for relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code .
Here is yet another wrinkle in the eternal debate over who had it tougher , father or son ( or , mother or daughter ) :
Source : Bureau of Labor Statistics
The chart above , adapted from a recent Bureau of Labor Statistics report , shows the difference in weekly pay between people with a given education level today and their counterparts from a generation ago .
As you can see , most men today earn less than equally educated men in 1979 , with the exception of the most highly educated .
The opposite is true for women :
Most women today earn more than their equally educated counterparts from 1979 , with the exception of the least educated .
There are a few forces behind these trends .
One is that generally speaking , it ’s harder to make it in today ’s job market than it was a few decades ago if you do n’t have at least a high school degree , since the expectations for what educational credentials workers should possess have risen .
This is in part because the economy is less dependent on lower - skilled , manual - labor - intensive industries like manufacturing , and more reliant on industries that require formally credentialed education and training , like health care .
Thus , in general , the earnings potential for the most educated has risen , and that for the least educated has fallen .
Another consideration is that the gap between men’s and women ’s pay has narrowed over the years .
One effect of this is that women ’s wages , at most levels of education , have grown .
On thousands of farms across the continent , round metal grain bins ( called “ grain silos ” in some regions ) are standing empty or being torn down and sold for scrap because they ’re no longer in use .
Architects and builders have started to use these durable , inexpensive structures to construct grain bin homes , storage buildings , offices and barns .
After the bin is in place , it requires virtually no maintenance .
There are all sorts of interesting ways to use individual bins or group them together to make an attractive , comfortable home .
We encourage readers to explore unique uses for metal grain bins — especially used bins — and we talked with several people who live in these structures to learn more about why they like their grain bin houses .
Earl Stein , of Summit County , Utah , says , “ My grain bin home , ‘ Montesilo ’ ( inspired by Monticello ) , is designed to be energy efficient .
After ‘ talling ’ ( raising ) the silos , we cut our way in and framed the interior with 2 - by - 6s on 1 - foot centers .
To insulate , we sprayed 2 inches of low - VOC foam against the metal and followed that with blown - in fiberglass insulation .
Montesilo is easily one of the strongest and tightest buildings in the county . ”
( See photos in the Image Gallery above .
— MOTHER )
Stein ’s structure utilizes passive solar heat that ’s assisted with computer technology .
The windows allow winter sun to warm the rubber - covered concrete floor .
A computer controls draperies to retain the heat at night .
For added comfort , Stein installed electric radiant heat in the floors .
“ Even when indulging myself with warm morning floors , my heating bills have been a fraction of what it would cost to heat an 1,800 - squarefoot house in this harsh Utah environment at 7,100 feet , ” he says .
“ Experimentally , when no extra heat is applied , the lowest recorded interior temperature was 62 degrees Fahrenheit in midwinter . ”
Stein chose steel because it ’s unique , eco-friendly and low maintenance .
“ My main motivation in building a house from a galvanized steel bin was that I never wanted to pick up a paintbrush again , ” he says .
“ In 50 years , my shiny steel home will only mellow to a gray patina , but I wo n’t have to paint it . ”
After moving in , he realized there were also advantages to living in a round structure .
“ There ’s a certain non-empirical value , ” he says .
“ It does something to your head — it ’s soothing and inspirational .
We ’ve had incredible brainstorming and musical jam sessions in the house . ”
And building the house , even using new steel bins , turned out to be a good financial decision .
“ Even with all the custom work , Montesilo came in below $ 200 per square foot — well below average building costs for the area , ” Stein says .
Brian Liloia lived in a straw - bale - insulated grain bin at Dancing Rabbit Ecovillage in Rutledge , Mo . “ Living in a grain bin was a pretty novel experience , ” Liloia says .
“ For the most part , it worked pretty well , but careful consideration is needed around designing windows and doors .
Overall , it was great living in a round structure , and telling people you live in a grain bin makes for some great reactions . ”
Louise and Vance Ehmke turned a steel grain bin into a structure where they can live and work .
It serves as a scale house ( where grain trucks are weighed ) on their farm near Healy , Kan .
“ Our grain bin office / scale house / residence is just cool , ” Louise says .
“ It turned out far better than our expectations .
Everybody who comes here — including the Governor of Kansas — says it is one of the neatest things they have ever seen .
The structure itself , a real grain bin , is clearly unique , but the rustic and high - tech interior takes it off the charts ! ”
A Bin Within a Bin
Mark Clipsham , an architect from Ames , Iowa , is working on a new technique for using steel grain bins to produce strong , energy - efficient homes .
His main concept is to put one round steel bin inside another and fill the space between them with foam insulation , which creates a single , monolithic structural insulated panel .
Following is an interview with Clipsham in which he describes the idea , where to find bins , insulation and more .
Why would anyone use a grain bin as a house ?
Metal grain bins are strong , inexpensive — especially if you buy used bins — and can be recycled when you ’re done using them .
Plus , they ’re round and have conical or domed roofs .
Ironically , these attractive curved forms are used in either the most expensive and prestigious buildings or the most utilitarian and primitive ones .
These forms have evolved out of use because of changes in available materials , labor costs and prevailing building methods .
But why not use something utilitarian and affordable — a grain bin — to build what is otherwise in the realm of the expensive and exclusive ?
How much do new bins cost ?
Prices vary depending on the cost of steel , your location and the season .
Bins cost as little as $ 30 per square foot — sometimes even less .
Because there are so many variables , get estimates from several companies before making a decision .
Buying a used bin is the most cost - effective option .
How do you find used bins ?
- Advertisement -
In Iowa , and I ’m sure many other places , we have what are referred to as “ government bins . ”
They are invariably 18 feet in diameter and about 18 feet tall at the eaves .
These bins are no longer deemed commercially viable and are routinely scrapped .
To find used bins , put an ad in farm magazines , check Craigslist , or talk to a local bin dealer or bin erector .
How do you move an old bin ?
Companies that sell and install bins can usually move them also .
Bins up to 36 feet in diameter can be moved “ whole . ”
The bin is first separated into two sections , then the top is collapsed onto the bottom .
Cradles are used for moving 18 - foot - diameter bins tipped on their sides .
You can also disassemble a bin to move it , but use new bolts when you reassemble the bin .
The gauge ( thickness ) of metal is usually mixed in the same bin — thicker toward the bottom .
Be sure to label the sheets as you take them apart so that you put them together correctly .
If the two bins are the same size , how do you reduce the size of one grain bin so it fits inside the other ?
Undo enough bolts on one unit to allow you to use a cable and squeeze it down to a smaller diameter , and then install new bolts and holes as necessary .
How do you get one bin inside of another one ?
Use a crane to set the larger unit around the smaller one .
To allow the crane to lift the outer bin , fasten cables through bolt holes at the ridges of the roof sheets near the fill hole and around steel bars that fit into the roof sheet ridges in at least six evenly spaced locations .
( The fill hole is the opening at the top of the bin where grain is dumped in . )
On the outside of the inner bin , use tapered shims , preferably made of rigid insulation , at least 2 feet long and thick enough to resist being crushed by the outer bin as it ’s lowered .
The bottom of the shims should guide the bottom of the outer bin into the desired position ( wall thickness ) .
Use a minimum of six shims .
What kind of foundation do you recommend ?
Footings can be concrete , a bearing plate of galvanized steel , or treated wood on compacted , crushed stone .
Which type of insulation system do you recommend ?
My preferred insulation for this building system is closed - cell foam at least 3 inches thick on the inside surface of the exterior bin .
Ideally , fill the entire cavity between the inner and outer bins with slow - cure , pourable ( or fast - cure , injected ) foam through small openings cut into the inner bin .
A continuous 3 inches of 2 - pound foam gives an R - value of about 15 and also acts as a vapor barrier .
( The International Energy Conservation Code recommends R - 13 to R - 21 for walls . )
If you use only one bin , you could spray on insulation or line the interior of the space with straw bales and finish the bales with natural plaster .
If you use straw bales for insulation , you should still use at least 1 inch of rigid insulation ( fastened in place with adhesive ) on the inside of the bin to prevent condensation on the inside of the bin wall .
Otherwise , the warm , moist air from the conditioned interior will migrate through the straw , hit the cold steel and turn from water vapor to water , and the straw wo n’t dry out .
Is it possible to install a second floor in a grain bin , or can these only be built with one level on a concrete floor ?
You can easily install a second floor .
You can use standard joist hangers for floor framing as long as you drill holes for the supports on the peaks of the corrugations .
This may mean using hangers that are for larger joists to ensure getting enough fasteners in each hanger .
The metal must be thick enough to hold the fasteners , too .
For vertical point loads ( such as where your main floor frame meets the walls ) , you can use support columns down to a traditional footing .
Fasten the columns to the wall for added stiffness .
Can you install windows or additional doors ?
Yes , but be sure to reinforce the edges of the breaks in the bin structure .
Doors and windows can be installed using a modified bin “ human door frame ” designed for grain bins .
The frame has a built - in drip cap , but you need to extend the vertical frame to use it as a door .
Before You Start Building
While not absolutely necessary , professional services and support are recommended for implementing these concepts if the bins are to be modified in a substantial manner .
All applicable building codes should be followed for safety and compliance reasons .
More ...
Convert a Used Grain Bin to a New House
New Grain Bin Homes by Sukup
The Energy - Efficient Silo Home
Thousands of articles .
Infinite inspiration .
Browse all Do It Yourself articles .
James Joyner · · 4 comments
Social Times has a piece with the shocking headline “ Survey : Half of Journalists Think Their Offline Publications Will Eventually Fold . ”
A closer read , though , shows that they ’ve actually grossly undersold the story .
According to a recent report by Oriella PR Network , journalists see their offline publications as risky endeavors in the current economy , with over half of those surveyed predicting the demise of their print , publication or TV media sometime in the future .
According to the Oriella Digital Journalism Report , journalists ’ attitudes towards the current state of the media is rather bleak .
In addition to over half of them predicting the downfall of their offline publications , one quarter believes that media in general , whether on - or off - line , will shrink significantly .
Many media - hawks predict that traditional media will indeed die out , while new media will rise up and take its place .
The journalists polled for this report bear this out : 40 percent say that the shift to new media will bring new opportunities .
However , over 50 percent of respondents think that online media are still far from profitable business models , and over 40 percent believe that the reliance on PR - content will increase .
Combined , these results show mixed feelings towards new media : it might open new doors , but journalists are n’t quite sure those doors lead to greener pastures .
The plate glass windows of Mimi’s Fashions tell the story of hard - knock Oakland today , as the city awaits a verdict in the trial of Johannes Mehserle , the white transit police officer charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man .
The window on the left bears a black - and - white poster with the likeness of the smiling young father who died on New Year ’s Day 2009 as he lay face down on a BART station platform .
“ Justice for Oscar Grant , ” it cries .
The poster on the right - hand window shows a big red heart with yellow wings and a prayer : “ LOVE not Blood for the streets of Oakland . ”
Those windows were smashed 18 months ago as the city erupted on the day Grant , 22 , was buried .
Mimi Le , who owns the tailor shop , worries about a reprise of violence when the verdict comes down , which could happen this week .
She has new burglar bars in place to protect the windows .
And the posters , she hopes , will make protesters aware that “ we know what happened , and we support them — not the violence , but sit down , peaceful , and talk .
If you do n’t agree with the jury , let people know .
But not damage .
People in Oakland are already scared . ”
With the case now in the hands of a Los Angeles jury , storefronts up and down Le ’s shady block of 17th Street in downtown Oakland are a patchwork of posters , plywood and metal grates — protection against the same kind of vandalism that hit the neighborhood after Grant ’s death .
There is more plywood on storefronts at the Fruitvale BART station , the scene of the shooting .
A law enforcement incident command post has risen beneath a tangle of overpasses hard by the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge , complete with a fire engine at the ready and tractor - trailers labeled “ emergency services ” and sporting satellite dishes .
Some downtown agencies and businesses plan to urge workers to go home before the verdict is read , largely to avoid traffic jams .
Community groups have announced plans to gather in front of City Hall regardless of the jury ’s decision .
For the last several weeks , community organizations , religious leaders and public officials have worked to create peaceful forums for young people to react in constructive ways .
They want to avoid the unrest that led to closed streets , damaged buildings and torched cars last year .
A public service video prepared by Youth UpRising has gone viral , spreading the message that “ violence is not justice . ”
In it , a host of youth activists , rappers , a poet and even an Oakland police captain express the dismay they felt when they watched a grainy cellphone video of Mehserle , then a 26 - year - old Bay Area Rapid Transit officer , shooting Grant in the back .
They say rioting is as unproductive as police brutality and urge peaceful expression .
Such videos were played repeatedly during the three - week trial , which was held in Los Angeles because of heavy publicity in the Bay Area about the shooting .
Mehserle told jurors that he meant to shoot Grant , who he said was resisting arrest and reaching for his pocket , with his electric Taser gun but drew his handgun by mistake .
He could be found guilty of second - degree murder , voluntary manslaughter , involuntary manslaughter —- or acquitted .
“ Our primary concern has been the young people in Oakland , making sure we can help them figure out ways to channel their energy in positive ways and really understand the power that they have , ” said Jacky Johnson , outreach and events manager for Youth UpRising , an East Oakland organization that serves 13 - to 24 - year - olds .
Oakland city spokesman Karen Boyd said that at least 70 % of those arrested in the unrest after the shooting were out - of - towners who have since been described by local community leaders as “ instigators . ”
“ We are prepared and organized , ” she said , ” but we also expect this to be peaceful . ”
Said Scott Peterson , spokesman for the Oakland Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce : “ This is a time when the whole world is watching Oakland .
And Oaklanders have a choice — to demonstrate what we stand for , which is justice , and how we stand for it , and that should be peacefully . ”
But the tension here was apparent Tuesday afternoon at 14th Street and Broadway , the site of a planned demonstration when the verdict is announced .
Television crews filmed a small crowd of men and women wearing T - shirts that proclaimed , “ I am Oscar Grant and my life matters . ”
Their point , explained Michael Walker , a member of the Oakland General Assembly for Justice for Oscar Grant , is that anything can happen on decision day .
“ I expect violence every time I go out of my house , ” Walker said .
“ I expect violence every day .
I live in Oakland . ”
But Jamie Wagoner , a law clerk for Disability Rights California , was n’t so sure .
Wagoner was eating his lunch across the grassy Civic Center plaza from the satellite trucks .
His nearby office , he said , has plans to close after the verdict , “ if a big crowd gathers . ”
He said , though , that he was not that worried .
“ A whole lot of African American community leaders are calling for peace , including the mother of the victim , ” he noted .
“ That ’s a powerful message . ”
maria.laganga@latimes.com
lee.romney@latimes.com
Have you ever wanted to hear Arnold Schwarzenegger sing ( with a chorus ) the line , " Crush your enemies , see them driven before you , and hear the lamentation of their women " ?
Now you can .
And oh , it is glorious .
Advertisement
KARMEL , West Bank
The Israeli occupation of the West Bank is widely acknowledged to be unsustainable and costly to the country ’s image .
But one more blunt truth must be acknowledged : the occupation is morally repugnant .
On one side of a barbed - wire fence here in the southern Hebron hills is the Bedouin village of Umm al - Kheir , where Palestinians live in ramshackle tents and huts .
They are n’t allowed to connect to the electrical grid , and Israel wo n’t permit them to build homes , barns for their animals or even toilets .
When the villagers build permanent structures , the Israeli authorities come and demolish them , according to villagers and Israeli human rights organizations .
On the other side of the barbed wire is the Jewish settlement of Karmel , a lovely green oasis that looks like an American suburb .
It has lush gardens , kids riding bikes and air - conditioned homes .
It also has a gleaming , electrified poultry barn that it runs as a business .
Elad Orian , an Israeli human rights activist , nodded toward the poultry barn and noted : “ Those chickens get more electricity and water than all the Palestinians around here . ”
hey everyone !
thanks for reading another week of gronk !
i hope to see some of you at san diego comic con next week … i’ll be in artists ’ alley at table GG - 02 .
i have a map and full details over at www.katiecandraw.com!
***
check out this new piece of gronk art by denver brubaker !
The Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute 's Division of Marine Operations , under an agreement with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) , sent a high - tech robotic submersible to the oily waters of the Gulf of Mexico .
The goal is to collect information about the oil plume from the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig accident for NOAA .
Although satellites and aircraft can help show the extent of the spill at the surface , MBARI 's autonomous underwater vehicle ( AUV ) will help researchers understand the nature and extent of any plumes of oil that may be hidden beneath the surface of the ocean .
The MBARI AUV is being deployed from the NOAA Ship Gordon Gunter in Pascagoula , Mississippi .
The Gordon Gunter departed from shore on Thursday , May 27th .
The AUV was launched into the waters of the Gulf for the first time on May 28 , 2010 .
Autonomous underwater vehicles are robotic , untethered submersibles that are programmed at the surface , then navigate through the water on their own , collecting data as they go .
The MBARI AUV can measure physical characteristics of the water , such as temperature , salinity , and dissolved oxygen , detect chlorophyll from microscopic marine algae , and measure concentrations of small particles ( or oil droplets ) in the water .
This AUV is unique in that it carries " gulper " samplers that can collect up to ten 1.8 - liter water samples while traveling through the water ( or through the plume in this case ) .
The AUV also uses cutting - edge artificial intelligence software to decide where to go and when to collect its water samples .
Engineers can program the on - board computers to help the AUV find a plume and then map its boundaries , as well as take water samples both within and outside the plume .
After the AUV is recovered , its water samples will be analyzed for a variety of chemicals associated with the oil and dispersants .
These samples may also be subjected to DNA analysis to determine what types of algae , bacteria , or other microorganisms are present .
This MBARI AUV can dive to 1,500 meters ( 5,000 feet ) below the surface -- deep enough to collect water samples near the seafloor in the vicinity of the oil spill .
The vehicle typically follows a " roller - coaster " path through the water , which allows its instruments to monitor a cross-section of the ocean .
MBARI engineers and scientists have been developing this AUV for almost a decade , and added its water - collection capability in 2007 .
One of the team 's goals has been to replace expensive shipboard measurements with information collected automatically by the AUV .
The vehicle has been used to study red tides and other algal blooms and to understand and perform long - term water quality monitoring .
The MBARI team is excited by the prospect that their vehicle may be useful in understanding the Gulf oil spill .
Information about where oil is spreading beneath the ocean surface will help biologists and others understand the effects of this catastrophic event .
" MBARI 's AUV and gulper system provides a surveillance and sample collection capability that is complementary to other tools being deployed to understand the fate of the subsurface plume of oil and dispersant . " said MBARI President and Chief Executive Officer Chris Scholin .
" Coordinating this response in partnership with government and academic institutions is not only important for providing much - needed fundamental information on the spill and its impacts , but also serves as a valuable learning experience for understanding how to respond to such incidents in the future . "
Are you looking for a drop - dead gorgeous and easy - to - use theme for your WordPress website ?
Check out Elegant Themes .
You 'll be glad you did .
Sometimes it ’s difficult to get our creative juices flowing .
As we work to write articles , style our websites , and engage with people , it ’s necessary to be creative .
We have to learn to step outside the usual concepts that we ’re used to and to truly start thinking outside the box .
The advertisements shown below are some of the most creative .
As you look through them , take away some lessons about the creativity that these companies have used to promote their businesses and their products around the world and then ask yourself this simple question , “ What can I do to demonstrate that same level of creativity on my blog or website ? ”
They say that content is king and yet so few people are truly looking to learn , grow and expand the way that they create material for the visitors of their websites .
Do n’t just laugh at the images below .
Take from them the principles that will help you to crown your content the king that it wants to be .
If you want to browse through some more of the most creative print ads from around the world then be sure to visit Ads of the World .
Chancellor George Osborne has confirmed that he will give the Bank of England the key role in regulating the UK financial sector .
In his first Mansion House speech , Mr Osborne said he would abolish the current system of financial regulation .
The Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) will " cease to exist in its current form " , he told the City of London .
But he also revealed that Hector Sants , the chief executive of the FSA , would stay on to oversee the transition .
The chancellor added that Financial Secretary Mark Hoban would set out further details to parliament on Thursday .
Analysis
For those in the City who hoped it might be back to business as usual under a Conservative - led government George Osborne 's Mansion House speech was a wake up call .
Apart from the scrapping of the FSA - and the handing over of its regulatory duties - to an increasingly all powerful Bank of England , Mr Osborne also confirmed there would be a bank levy and further action on pay and bonuses .
But most significantly he announced a new banking commission to overhaul the City .
It will examine breaking up the major banks ; the competitiveness of the City ; whether power had become too concentrated among some leading city institutions ; and whether there should be restrictions on bank activities .
In Mr Osborne 's words it will be " a new settlement between our banks and the rest of society " .
Mr Osborne may have donned the traditional black tie outfit - for his Mansion House speech - but it is clear he believes many other City traditions are going to have to change .
Earlier , Mr Osborne had told the House of Commons that Sir John Vickers , former head of the Office of Fair Trading , would chair a commission to look into the potential break - up of the UK 's biggest banks .
The independent commission will take at least a year to review whether casino - style investment banks should be split from deposit - taking institutions on the High Street .
In his first keynote address at the Lord Mayor 's annual dinner to the City , Mr Osborne said the new coalition government was proposing a new system of regulation that " learns the lessons of the greatest banking crisis in our lifetime " .
Mr Osborne paid tribute to Alistair Darling , his predecessor as chancellor , but went on to criticise the current tripartite system of regulation , which divided responsibility between the Bank of England , the FSA and the Treasury .
" No one was controlling levels of debt , and when the crunch came no one knew who was in charge , " he said .
As expected , he confirmed that the FSA would be broken up and the part that monitors financial institutions would continue as a " new prudential regulator " but would operate as a full subsidiary of the Bank of England .
The parts that are supposed to protect consumers and crack down on crime will be injected respectively into a new Consumer Protection Agency and an Economic Crime Agency .
He also said the government would create a powerful new Financial Policy Committee at the Bank of England .
Mr Osborne said that the process of reforming the regulatory system would be completed by 2012 .
He also revealed that he had asked Hector Sants , the chief executive of the FSA who had been due to leave this summer , to stay on to oversee the transition .
Mr Sants will become the first new deputy governor of the Bank and chief executive of the new " prudential regulator " charged with regulating banks and other financial institutions .
Andrew Bailey , currently chief cashier at the Bank of England , will become his deputy in the new regulator .
The chancellor also confirmed that the government would introduce a bank levy and " demand further restraint on pay and bonuses " .
Gordon Brown , made chancellor when the Labour Party won the 1997 general election , created the FSA following criticism that the Bank of England had failed to sufficiently regulate the UK 's financial system .
But in recent years critics have said the problem with the system was that it was not clear who would be in charge in a crisis and the tripartite financial authorities needed to communicate better with each other .
The FSA , in particular , also came in for criticism for not doing enough to prevent or limit the crisis in the financial markets .
The governor of the Bank of England , Mervyn King , welcomed the new powers given to the Bank by the new government .
" Monetary stability and financial stability are two sides of the same coin .
During the crisis the former was threatened by the failure to secure the latter , " Mr King said in his speech , which followed the chancellor's .
W.A. -- Sir , you have set me about a work that has struck a dart though my very soul ; I have been talking about God and religion to my wife , in order , as you directed me , to make a Christian of her , and she has preached such a sermon to me as I shall never forget while I live .
" My God ! " he exclaimed , " thy vengeance is sometimes delayed , but only that it may fall the more effectually . "
Ali looked at his master for further instructions .
Then God , if he be good , is not the author of all things , as the many assert , but he is the cause of a few things only , and not of most things that occur to men .
Once did people say God , when they looked out upon distant seas ; now , however , have I taught you to say , Superman .
This ended , in prolonged solemn tones , like the continual tolling of a bell in a ship that is foundering at sea in a fog -- in such tones he commenced reading the following hymn ; but changing his manner towards the concluding stanzas , burst forth with a pealing exultation and joy --
The ribs and terrors in the whale , Arched over me a dismal gloom , While all God 's sun - lit waves rolled by , And lift me deepening down to doom .
And when he passes through a gathering , they greet him as a god with gentle reverence , and he is conspicuous amongst the assembled : such is the holy gift of the Muses to men .
From the protection of his god 's body to the protection of his god 's possessions was a step , and this step he made .
And therefore , God never wrought miracle , to convince atheism , because his ordinary works convince it .
" Those are Mary's ' God 's folk , ' " said Prince Andrew .
It was the word GOD .
Tarzan first had been attracted to it by the fact that it was very short and that it commenced with a larger g- bug than those about it -- a male g- bug it was to Tarzan , the lower - case letters being females .
Aim , therefore , at no less than all the world ;
Aim at the highest ; without the highest attained , Will be for thee no sitting , or not long , On David 's throne , be prophesied what will . "
To whom the Son of God , unmoved , replied : -- " Nor doth this grandeur and majestic shew Of luxury , though called magnificence , More than of arms before , allure mine eye , Much less my mind ; though thou should 'st add to tell Their sumptuous gluttonies , and gorgeous feasts
On citron tables or Atlantic stone ( For I have also heard , perhaps have read ) , Their wines of Setia , Cales , and Falerne , Chios and Crete , and how they quaff in gold , Crystal , and myrrhine cups , imbossed with gems
And studs of pearl - - to me should 'st tell , who thirst And hunger still .
This month has been the deadliest month yet for foreign troops in Afghanistan .
The U.S. Department of Defense now reports that one hundred coalition troops were killed this month .
The death toll for 2010 to date now stands at 320 .
With soldiers and equipment still arriving in the country , peak troop strength is anticipated to reach 150,000 by August .
And , with the removal of General Stanley McChrystal from command of Afghanistan following an embarrassing article in Rolling Stone magazine , a shift in leadership is underway with General David Petraeus attending confirmation hearings now .
Efforts are now being made ot both weaken the Taliban and pressure them to reconcile with the Afghan government , but progress is slow , and many earlier gains are becoming unstable once more .
Collected here are images of the country and conflict over the past month , part of an ongoing monthly series on Afghanistan
Um , no .
Just NO .
Jeebus , this theory is so anthropocentric it 's fucking insane .
The theory itself treats animals as " living tools " , as if they are just lying around waiting for humans to pick them up and use them .
This is not science , this is what the biblical bit about god telling adam that he can do whatever he likes with the plants and animals sounds like when it 's translated into scientific terms .
Some theorists think ( and I agree with them ) that the whole bit about humans adopting baby animals is bullshit .
First of all , you can't ever really tame a wolf , and chances are about 50 /50 that it 'll go all predator on your ass as it gets older .
And even if it does n't , how the hell do you even keep a wolf in one place ?
Tie it down ?
It 'd bite right through the rope , and stone age people did n't have chains ( that 's why we call it the STONE age ) .
It 's hard enough keeping a dog at bay while walking down the street , now imagine living in a cave or just constantly moving around in the wilderness .
And that 's just the dog bit .
Cattle are even more fucked up .
First thing you need to know when thinking about the domestication of cattle is that
a ) cattle , or the ancestors of today 's cows if you will , were much much bigger than they are today ;
b ) humans were smaller and even tho they performed some amazing feats of surgery and medicine ( trepanation for example ) , they were a lot more prone to dying a gruesome horrible death than they are today , and
c ) cattle are fiercely territorial .
More people in Africa get killed by wilder beast than by crocodiles .
Also they move in herds and are n't exactly prone to leaving their young behind .
Especially if you 're a monkey armed with a sharp stick .
There 's only so much shouting and loud noises you can make to scare a herd of prehistoric cows , before they turn around and stampede all over your bipedal ass leaving just a small puddle and maybe a few teeth and your badass stone tool imprinted in the savanna .
If you look at hunter - gatherers that hunt large prey today , like the Bushmen of the Kalahari , the first thing they do is separate one animal from the rest of the herd , and chase it around for days until it gives up .
In other words , it is fucking impossible to separate a baby prehistoric cow from its mother and raise it as your own .
Separating two in order to produce your own herd is even less possible .
The mental image of herbivores as not dangerous and serving as walking meals for the cool predators is a consequence of watching too many biased nature programs .
Take the gazelle for example .
When most people think of gazelles , they think of lion food .
You probably also get a mental image of a predator chasing the zig zaging gazelle through the tall yellow grass , eventually catching it and chowing down .
What you do n't see is the 50 other shots of the same predator NOT catching the gazelle , or the gazelle turning around and using those big BIG horns , because what most people forget is that a gazelle is essentially a bag of muscle that comes to a point , or rather , two very sharp points .
Secondly , it really DOESN'T make any sense adopting another mouth to feed .
Thirdly , YES there are examples of animals adopting other animals and caring for them .
Admittedly , these are the exception rather than the rule , but it happens .
I remember watching a program about a cheetah adopting a baby gazelle after its kittens were killed .
And that 's just what was caught on film .
What we tend to forget is that we DON'T see most things that happen in the wild .
We do n't know everything .
Furthermore , yes stone tools made humans badass , but they were n't any more badass than any other predator .
You still had to run a lot and you had to be strong to use the tools effectively , and most of all , you had to work as a group .
Our brains made us badass , not our tools .
And this is where the wolves come in .
To get back to my initial train of thought , some theorists believe that the whole humans adopting baby animals thing is bullshit .
What they do believe happened is a form of co-operation and co-evolution .
For example , wolves bring down a buffalo .
Humans come in , chase the wolves away , and eat the buffalo , but they also leave some for the wolves , intentionally or not - wolves can eat things that humans do n't .
Another time , humans bring down a buffalo , eat it , and again , leave some for the wolves .
A free meal is not something you turn away from .
This happens again and again and again .
After a while , the wolves realize it pays to be near the apes with the sharp sticks and bright light , because they always have some scraps lying around ( see coyotes living in big cities today for comparison ) .
And then , hey , the more the monkeys have to eat , the more we have to eat .
Eventually , the wolves start helping the humans hunt .
Because two buffalo are better than one .
And besides , the monkeys have the bright light which is like a mini-sun and gives off warmth .
After a couple of thousand years the wolves come into the proverbial cave and what was initially a business arrangement becomes an emotional bond .
This theory makes a lot more sense than the idea that humans stole wolf cubs in order to observe their behavior and learn ... huh what ?
The agency of animals is something that is often completely and unjustly ignored when thinking about the domestication of animals .
The theory I support ( and am promoting here ) also makes an attempt at explaining how humans domesticated cattle .
And , according to this theory , the domestication of cattle is a direct consequence of the domestication of wolves .
Because , essentially , the humans kept the wolves at bay .
This is how it works :
You have a group of humans that hunts in association with a pack of wolves ( or has a domesticated pack of wolves ) .
By some point in time , the wolves rarely if ever hunt on their own , or they hunt small pray and leave the cattle alone .
Humans will hunt large pray about once a month , and they 'll bring down the old and sick animals anyway .
But the thing is , the monkeys and their wolves will chase away any other large predators with their bright lights and sharp sticks , so it pays to stay close .
The wolves will not let any other wolf packs onto their territory , and the humans will chase away anything else that shows up .
So what happens is they form a bond , not with individual animals but with the whole herd .
And this is a three - way bond , between humans and wolves and cattle .
Take one away , the whole thing collapses .
After a while ( by which I mean thousands of years ) , the cattle simply stop running away and attacking humans , and voila !
- they 're domesticated .
Now that 's a theory .
Birds do it , bees do it , bet you did n’t know that these do it .
( submitted by Michelle )
Catholic church dragged into public works scandal that has sent shockwaves through Italian government
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A senior Vatican cardinal is under investigation for corruption , dragging the Catholic church into a public works scandal that has sent shockwaves through the Italian government .
Italian media reported today that Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , the archbishop of Naples , was suspected of striking cosy deals while head of the Congregation for the Evangelisation of Peoples , the Vatican congregation that uses proceeds from a property empire including 2,000 Rome apartments to fund missionary efforts .
Sepe allegedly oversaw the sale in 2004 of a building in Rome to the then transport minister , Pietro Lunardi , for the suspiciously low price of € 4.16 m , newspapers reported , adding that magistrates wanted to know why Lunardi then freed up € 2.5 m in state funding the following year for the congregation to create a museum in its headquarters , and why that museum never opened .
Lunardi , who is also under investigation , said he would contact the magistrates looking into the deal " as soon as possible ... to clear everything up " .
Sepe gave a fiery homily today in Naples , asking his congregation : " How many martyrs are there , even today , who in the name of the truth ... are tortured , humiliated and disrespected ? "
Magistrates are reportedly looking into Sepe 's links to builder Diego Anemone and former public works official Angelo Balducci , both suspected of being at the centre of a web of alleged kickbacks and corrupt state construction contracting .
Italy 's industry minister , Claudio Scajola , has already resigned after claims that Anemone paid € 900,000 to subsidise the purchase of his luxury Rome flat .
Newspapers said magistrates suspected Sepe and Anemone were involved in furnishing accommodation on Rome 's Via Giulia to Guido Bertolaso , Italy 's powerful civil protection chief .
The case has shed light on the links between Roman politics and the Vatican .
Balducci was a papal usher but was dismissed when the corruption inquiry brought to light his suspected involvement with a Vatican chorister in a male prostitution ring .
The Vatican said it hoped the investigation could be wrapped up fast " to eliminate any shadows , be they on the person [ Sepe ] or church institutions " .
Advertisement
It 's hard to imagine Italian artist BLU producing a more involved work than 2008 's astonishing MUTO street animation .
And yet !
" Big Bang Big Boom " tackles the history of life itself in frame after glorious frame of wall - painted animation .
It 's unreal .
Advertisement
The effect is essentially stop- motion : a still image is painted on a wall , photographed , then scrubbed or painted over in favor of the next image .
It took months to complete , and untold amounts of paint .
But the final , transcendent product was surely worth it .
[ New Scientist ]
Sources : U.S. Green Building Council ; Design Avenues LLC ; Paul Holland and Linda Yates ; Bloomberg
Click the image above to view the full map
Paul Holland and Linda
Yates thought it only natural , when they set out to build a luxury home six years ago , that theirs would be the world ’s greenest .
In Silicon Valley — where Holland works as a venture capitalist and Yates as a management consultant — even competition is environmentally conscious .
The couple ’s 5,600 - square - foot home will be outfitted with a host of aggressively eco-friendly technologies and materials : a recycled - steel roof that diverts rainwater to a 50,000 - gallon underground cistern ; reclaimed stone left over from the construction of Chicago skyscrapers ; solar panels powerful enough to provide electricity to the home , charge five electric cars , and still return energy to the grid ; a cedar interior cut from sustainable forests ( where trees are selectively harvested to minimize environmental damage ) ; doors and windows of Portuguese eucalyptus approved by the Forest Stewardship Council ; oak floors salvaged from old granaries ; recycled - glass sinks ; a recycled - steel kitchen hood .
The house has no paint , ducts , or HVAC , and it uses no fossil fuels .
Sliding glass walls let in the breeze during the summer , and in the winter the home ’s ground - source heat - exchange system pumps water deep underground to be warmed by the Earth ’s thermal energy , then pushes it up to heat the floorboards .
The home ’s climate , lighting , and irrigation will be controlled remotely — by iPad , of course .
L’engouement croissant pour les régimes sans gluten ces derniers mois encourage les industries alimentaires à commercialiser davantage de produits sans gluten .
La principale raison de la popularité du régime est les avantages pour la santé qui y sont associés .
Il y a beaucoup de gens qui ne sont pas convaincus [… ]
After doing some serious , old fashioned , investigative journalist digging I discovered that BP is contracted to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of this pipeline Past News Releases RSS AboveTopSecret.com , The Most ...
Newly discovered evidence in the form of the Ruby Pipeline project contract ties BP ( formerly known as British Petroleum ) to another environmental catastrophe under way in the western states of the US , the systematic removal and eventual destruction of federally protected wild mustang horses from public land , with the aid of the US Department of The Interior , in violation of federal law .
ATS News , the investigative journalism arm of number - one " alternative topics " web site , AboveTopSecret.com , has discovered that BP Energy 's habitual destruction of vital habitats is not limited to the Gulf of Mexico , but extends to the desert and western states as well .
In a hard hitting collaboration with 17 time Emmy Award Winner George Knapp , of KLAS TV in Las Vegas , ATS News ' Mark Allin presents the " smoking gun " contract that absolutely ties BP to the Ruby Pipeline ( a natural gas pipeline ) which will be built through federally protected lands .
George Knapp , who has been covering and exposing the US Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) for decades brings us up to date on the latest round ups of these magnificent animals , at the behest of major multinational corporations in a conspiracy of collusion with the US Department of Interior .
http://www.abovetopsecret.com/mustangconspiracy/
" The public that the Department of Interior and the BLM serve is not the John and Mary U.S. Citizen public , it 's the big corporate agriculture and big oil public that gets all the benefits of exploiting our public lands " said Knapp .
" We have the real facts and the proof that the BLM has systematically removed the mustangs from the lands set aside for their preservation .
What ’s more , there is ample reason to believe BLM ’s most recent horse roundup , the bloodiest roundup in modern history , was conducted — at least in part — to pave the way for a gargantuan pipeline project " he went on to say .
" Many of the people who are at the top of these agencies , who are supposed to be making sure these big corporations are doing what they are supposed to be doing , have long histories as executives in or employees of the very corporations they are supposed to be keeping honest " said Allin .
" Additionally , when the agencies start throwing around bogus data to support what they are doing , which is in direct violation of the intent of Federal Law , the writing is on the wall .
We need to get people to READ IT " .
The Ruby Pipeline , a 675 mile long , 42 " diameter , natural gas pipeline that is being built right through the Mustang 's protected lands is a project of The El Paso Corporation in Houston , Texas .
El Paso Corporation has almost as besmirched a past as BP Energy and some of their own contractors have come forward and said the construction of the pipeline will be devastating to not only the Mustangs but also to the protected habitats , " it 's going to look like Hiroshima after the nuclear bomb " one El Paso employee was quoted as saying .
" After doing some serious , old fashioned , investigative journalist digging I discovered that BP is contracted to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of this pipeline " Allin said .
" BP 's record since 1999 is terrible .
They 've been fined hundreds of millions of dollars , their own employees have turned them in for safety and environmental violations , they 've blocked state inspectors and forced them to get search warrants , and they keep getting away with it because the people who are supposed to be enforcing our laws give them just about anything they want , including self inspection and extremely low royalty fees for exploiting our public lands .
They are never going to change unless we the people demand it . "
This interview exposes the truth behind what can only be seen as rank corruption and sheer incompetence at the expense of not only the U.S. Taxpayer but one our national treasures , the Wild Mustangs of the Great Southwest .
http://www.abovetopsecret.com/mustangconspiracy/
AboveTopSecret.com is the Internets largest and most popular website dealing with " alternative topics " such as government conspiracies , with more than 2.3 million pages of content and over 5 million monthly visitors .
The Above Network , LLC , a virtual company with executives in three states and two countries , owns and operates AboveTopSecret.com , among other online properties .
The company was founded in 2007 with a goal of creating compelling user - generated content ecosystems on issues of importance to people .
For more information , contact Mark Allin at 480.304.5680 or pr( at ) theabovenetwork ( dot ) com .
###
Who remembers the " Transformer TX " flying - car project , intended to equip the US Marines with a small four - seat vehicle able to drive about on the ground like a jeep , hover like a helicopter , or fly like a plane ?
The first team to publicly offer a contending design has now stepped forward .
Is it a car ?
Is it a plane ?
Is it a helicopter ?
I think we all know the answer
That design is the " Tyrannos " from Logi Aerospace , allied with other companies and organisations including the South West Research Institute and Californian electric - vehicle firm ZAP .
The Tyrannos is nominally intended to provide Marines with the ability to leapfrog over troublesome roadside bombs , mines , and ambushes while remaining able to drive on the ground as they normally might .
However , it promises to be much quieter than ordinary helicopters in use and far easier to fly and maintain .
If the Tyrannos can do all its makers claim , it really does have the potential to become the flying car for everyman .
By now , regular readers of Reg sky - car coverage — familiar as you are with the limits of ducted fans , wings , batteries , and other relevant technologies — will be wondering how all this can be done .
Is there , perhaps , a miraculous new power source or energy - storage method ?
No : the Tyrannos ' prime mover will be a 185 - horsepower supercharged racecar engine , not even a gas turbine ( which would offer more poke for weight but also shorter life , more cost , added maintenance burden , and a lot of noise ) .
There is a hybrid- electric transmission , but nothing outrageous in the way of batteries , as required in some all - electric designs .
Despite this limited amount of power , the Tyrannos design — as you can see in the pictures — includes quite limited amounts of thrust - disc area .
Normally such small lift discs would require vast , brutal amounts of power to lift an aircraft vertically into the sky .
But somehow , in the Tyrannos , they do n't .
Why ?
Here we come to the vehicle 's main special sauce .
The Tyrannos does n't have ordinary ducted fans , but special " shrouded propellers " developed by engineer Rob Bulaga at his firm Trek Aerospace , also part of the design alliance .
The idea of a shrouded prop is that the duct wrapped around it is not merely an inactive doughnut .
Rather , as air is sucked in at the top for a vertical takeoff , a stream flow develops both on the inside and the outside of the duct , which then acts as though it were a wing cutting through stationary air to develop lift — even though it is for the moment stationary with respect to the ground .
This acts to supplement the thrust produced by the downward - pointing fans .
According to Bulaga , his ring - wings actually deliver half the lift during takeoff , rather than 10 per cent at most as is common among ducted - fan systems .
Thus you only need half as much thrust disc area as a helicopter does to lift the same weight .
Smaller props are lighter , which in turn means that the electric motors need less juice to spin them and thus are themselves lighter .
This means in turn that the craft 's whole structure can be lighter , as well .
Juana Yoigo , albacete ña de 72 años , invocó ayer al demonio sin proponérselo cuando , en un curso de inglés subvencionado por el Ayuntamiento de Albacete , intentó pronunciar la frase « I ’ll be back on sunday » .
La anciana no logró alcanzar su objetivo pero profirió una serie de balbuceos más cercanos al latín que al inglés .
« Hablaba como del revés y se ponía toda roja hasta que , al final , empezó a oler fatal .
Una de sus amigas le dijo ‘ Juanita , déjalo ya que hasta te cuescas ’ , pero resulta que aquello era azufre » explica Antonio Freire , profesor del curso .
Tras el olor , irrumpió en el aula una cabra siniestra que el marido de Juana Yoigo consiguió ahuyentar a gorrazos .
« Era una cabra normal pero con esos ojos rojos que se te quedan de estar mucho rato en la piscina municipal » afirma Juana , que reconoce no haberse asustado en ningún momento por la presencia del diablo « porque yo ya tengo cinco nietos y dan mucha guerra » .
Antonio Freire ha reconocido que la semana pasada otra alumna de avanzada edad estuvo a punto de abrir una brecha interdimensional intentando escribir « Google » en la pizarra .
Aunque lo ocurrido es visto en Albacete como una divertida anécdota , algunos parapsicólogos y amantes del ocultismo han empezado a revisar sus teorías entendiendo que el idioma del demonio es el inglés de pueblo .
« Al fin y al cabo estamos hablando de un idioma bárbaro al que basta añadirle el acento de Albacete para que se convierta en una fuerza incontrolada » sostiene la parapsicóloga conductista Mayra Oscureile .
En algunos foros de la Red han empezado a circular supuestos cánticos malignos basados en transcripciones literales de un inglés rudimentario :
« Mai loulines iskilin mí
anai mas confes astil bilí
uen aim not guizllú ai lus mamai
plis girmi a sain
hirmi beibi uanmortain
o beibi beibi
de rison i bredisyú » .
SEATTLE —
The president of the Seattle Police Officers Guild says an officer was justified in punching a young woman who shoved him in a dispute over jaywalking .
Rich O’Neil told KCPQ - TV that punching her in the face was an appropriate use of force as the officer struggled with two women and a crowd formed .
O’Neil says it ’s wrong to call the punch police brutality or racist .
Cell phone video shows Officer Ian P. Walsh trying to control two women Monday and punching a 17 - year - old in the face .
Acting deputy police chief Nick Metz has said the women bear much of the responsibility for resisting arrest .
Seattle Urban League CEO James
Kelly says the punch was an overreaction that brought to mind a video taken April 17 of two Seattle officers kicking a Hispanic suspect .
Police are conducting an internal investigation .
A good idea can come from anywhere .
People say it all the time because it is true .
But , an idea by itself is utterly worthless without someone who knows how to take that idea from dream to reality .
Ever watch the television show House ?
Each week , Dr. House solves the latest medical mystery though an obscure idea that seems to approach him from anywhere or anyone .
The “ a - ha ” moment that reveals itself does nothing more than point the way .
It takes the doctor ’s creative genius to recognize the idea when he sees it .
And it takes his experience to make the idea a reality and actually solve the problem .
Understanding the value of an idea is the first part of good creative direction .
The second part is having the know - how to make it a reality .
We are surrounded by ideas all the time .
Recognizing value in a single thought floating in a sea of ideas takes not only creative intelligence , but experience .
Benjamin Franklin said , “ At twenty years of age , the will reigns ; at thirty , the wit ; and at forty , the judgment . ”
As a young designer , I came about good ideas by spawning hundreds of bad ideas .
I would push myself like I was at the gym .
Just 4 more ideas , just 3 more ideas , 2 more , okay last ooonnne .
Done .
Now in my thirties , I feel like good ideas happen more quickly .
By comparison , they are certainly more clever .
The difference is , I now see ideas through the scope of my experiences .
We see a lot of good ideas with poor execution on the internet .
Actually , some studies have shown that people watching YouTube are turned off by high production value .
I do n’t know .
Maybe free content needs to look like it ’s free .
I always ask , “ could it be better ? ”
How would you improve it ?
How could you make it more meaningful ?
In looking back at my blog , it ’s no big surprise to me why some entries do better than others .
It ’s not only the quality of the idea , but the quality of the execution that counts .
Crowd sourcing uses submissions from an online community to solve a particular problem .
This is probably the most literal interpretation of how a good idea comes from anywhere .
The Pepsi Refresh project is one of the most popular expressions of crowd sourcing .
This project not only outsources the generation of the idea , but the judgment of the idea too , through online voting .
I feel like crowd sourcing is an interesting way to generate ideas .
I am always willing to listen to anyone , but it ’s the judgment aspect that I have trouble with .
In the end , I feel like average judgment equals average success .
A lot of CEOs make unpopular decisions , only to become wildly successful .
Sure , they could have done what everyone expected them to do .
And that would have sufficed .
But recognizing the value of a good idea , even when everyone else does n’t , is a hard road to follow .
You ’re stamped with a lot of nasty labels until you prove your detractors wrong .
The flip side is that , sometimes , unpopular decisions are just bad decisions .
But that ’s what makes it interesting .
Everyone has the right to their own opinions and ideas .
In a professional setting , they have the right to express those ideas , or at least should be able to express them without fear of reprisal .
But who makes the final call ?
There always seems to be some confusion surrounding opinions .
In the mind of a creative professional , there is a real separation between professional creative evaluation and personal opinion .
Having an opinion does not qualify your average person for anything more than having an opinion .
A creative director ’s opinion reflects years of training .
Sometimes it ’s based on intuition , other times it ’s easier to explain .
They push to understand both failures and successes .
This becomes the basis of a trained professional ’s decision .
A personal opinion is about what you like ; a professional opinion is about what an audience will like .
Sometimes it ’s the same , other times it is n’t .
Creative evaluation does not come from having an idea or two .
It ’s about having thousands of ideas , and executing hundreds of them over years .
A creative professional at an advanced level knows how to prioritize , evaluate and judge what is better .
The process of raising an idea can sometimes be anything but lucid .
It ’s tricky to know when you ’ve arrived at the right solution , but experience teaches you judgment .
And that judgment is what gives meaning to an idea .
Candis Cayne is the first transgender actor to play a recurring transgender character on prime time television .
Nunn on One talked to the sweet diva herself .
Windy City Times :
Hey there .
So you 've got a new guest spot coming up on Drop Dead Diva .
Candis Cayne : Yes !
I 'm super - excited about that .
They asked me to do a part on the show , and of course , I was like , " Yay " !
So the creators and I went to dinner , and they talked about this character they wanted to do , and it's a law show when it comes down to it .
They wanted to kind of discuss the idea of me playing a transgendered character who was married to a woman , and then went through the transition , and so it ended up that the two women were married .
And so where 's the legal ramification in that and how is that going to work out ?
Her wife dies and now my character has the house and the assets , and her parents want to take it all away from me because they say we were n't legally married .
And so it kind of explores that law .
It was a really good experience .
And Lifetime was so happy with it , they 're going to air it at OutFest next year , and we 're going to do a panel afterwards with Cybill Shepherd , because she was on that episode , too .
WCT : Well that sounds awesome ; congratulations .
That episode sounds like it will be important to a lot of people .
CC : Yeah , the writers called me afterwards saying they were crying at the end , that I did a great job .
So it was really a nice feeling to know that my work was good .
That 's what I most care about , that I portray characters that are true and meaningful .
WCT : Did you study theater ?
CC : I 've been in theater since I was 10 .
I 've been doing it non -stop forever .
So I did n't go to a formal acting school but I just kind of grew up in the theater ; dancing , acting , singing and stuff .
WCT : You are from Hawaii ?
CC : Yeah , I grew up in Maui , then moved to New York from there .
I always felt a little different everywhere I was until I went to New York and found it , it was home .
It was a place where there people just like me , and we all created a big family .
It was kind of an amazing time in the '90s in New York City and the East Village .
I feel so honored to have met the people that I had met , and all the girls who taught me everything .
It was a really cool experience .
WCT : And you did n't even know what a transsexual was when you got there , right ?
CC : Right , I was totally oblivious .
Until I met a couple of girlfriends and I was like , ohhhh , that looks like me .
That 's the way I 'm supposed to be .
I decided to do it and as soon as I did , I was just happier than I 've ever been .
WCT : I 'm so happy for you .
It can take so long for anyone to find themselves .
CC : Totally .
I think that 's one of the things that transgender people go through .
They really discover who they truly are and have the guts to change it .
WCT : You have a lot of support , too .
You have a twin brother who 's supportive of you .
Is the rest of your family okay with you ?
CC : Yeah , they 're all really amazingly supportive .
You know , I 'm just their daughter now .
And actually , I 'm super excited , because my whole extended family is from Sacramento we 're all meeting there for the Fourth of July for my sister ( well , she 's basically my sister , she 's my best friend since we were one ) just had a baby and we 're all going out to see her .
WCT : Fun !!
Now , when you did Dirty Sexy Money , that must have been a wild experience , you know , to be on prime time … .
CC : I know , to go from New York City barracuda to an ABC show with Donald Sutherland and Billy Baldwin and the rest of the amazing cast .
It was !
It was the craziest thing that 's ever happened to me .
WCT : I just actually talked to Lady Bunny last week and you did Wigstock for a while .
CC : Yeah !
Some of my most amazing memories of New York were doing Wigstock .
I mean , at its top , there was like thousands and thousands of people that went to the pier .
I remember I did this song , " Mickey " you know , " Oh. Mickey you 're so fine , " and I had gotten , like , 13 or 14 dancers , and we 're doing a cheerleading number .
And we'd go to the park every day , and they all did it for free , and we 'd practice for hours until we were doing pyramids and basket tosses .
And we went in front of the audience and all you could see were people .
It must have been like [ what ] those huge singers feel and see … and doing that number , it was a lot of fun .
WCT : So what 's in the future for you ?
CC : I kind of went through another transition .
I let go of my manager and I changed agencies in the past month or so .
And I ended my seven - year relationship .
So I 'm kind of at this moment having a breath of air before I start back with the whole crazy pitching ideas and that stuff .
But it 's just started now . …
I 've just started taking meetings again , so I am excited about the future .
I think sometimes you have to change in order to grow .
And it 's definitely that time for me .
WCT : Are you still doing your cabaret act ?
CC : Yeah , every Monday at the Abbey [ in Los Angeles ] , and I 'm going to be coming to Chicago .
I 'm super - excited .
I 'm going to a club called Spin .
WCT : Oh my gosh !
I 'll have to come by and say hello .
CC : Yeah , you do !
Candis will be at Spin Nightclub , 800 W. Belmont , Saturday , July 24 , with her one - woman show taking place 11 p.m.- midnight .
Tickets are $ 5 in advance , $ 10 at the door and $ 20 for the meet - and - greet .
For more information visit Spin-Nightclub.com .
A special cap funnelling oil from the Gulf of Mexico spill appears to be having some success , a US Coast Guard official has said .
Adm Thad Allen said 6,000 barrels of oil were captured in the first 24 hours after the operation began on Thursday .
This represents between a third and a half of the estimated daily leakage since the Deepwater Horizon rig sank on 20 April , killing 11 workers .
Adm Allen said BP hoped to increase the amount captured in the next few days .
Speaking in Theodore , Alabama , he said the company was able to bring up 6,000 barrels of oil from the well in the " first full 24 - hour cycle " .
You drive a car ?
You caused this , every time you fill the tank .
Colin Smith
Send us your comments
Asked if the procedure was working , he said : " Yes , with caveats . "
Adm Allen added that it was hoped that a higher collection rate could be achieved by closing vents in the containment cap over the next few days , as engineers managed to stabilise pressure in the well .
Biggest disaster
On its twitter - feed , BP stated it had captured a total of 6,077 barrels of oil on Friday .
The new figure exceeds rough estimates made on Friday suggesting the cap was funnelling the equivalent of 1,000 barrels a day .
Image caption
The spill has caused considerable environmental damage
BP has previously stressed that the procedure has not been done before at this depth , and that there is no guarantee of success .
Adm Allen also said that winds had pushed the slick closer to about 200 miles of coastline stretching from the Mississippi - Alabama border to Port St Joe in north - west Florida .
Both BP and the US government have faced criticism over the spill , which has been described as the biggest environmental disaster in US history .
In his weekly address on Saturday , US President Barack Obama promised to use all resources within his means to clean shores and help those whose livelihoods had been affected .
He also said he would ensure BP would be financially accountable for the spill and that the company would pay out " every dime " they owed .
He met residents of Louisiana on Friday , his third visit since the spill began .
BP is also digging two relief wells which it hopes will provide a permanent solution to the leak - but they are not due to be completed until August .
The estimates for the total amount of oil that has leaked since the spill began vary widely from 20 million to 45 million gallons .
Arizona House Speaker Kirk Adams wrote an op -ed in the Washington Post , reprinted June 1 in The Arizona Republic ( " Arizona faced with battle vs. ignorance , " Opinions ) that people are n't taking the time to read the facts about SB 1070 - Arizona 's new immigration law - but he failed to discuss the real facts about the new law .
Adams left out the most important point of all : SB 1070 fails to solve Arizona 's real immigration problems - crime and violence along the border and in our neighborhoods .
But it 's typical of Adams and his Republican friends in Arizona who consistently have failed to crack down on the violent and criminal acts that accompany illegal immigration .
Their patchwork policies do nothing to solve the real problem that Arizonans experience every day .
Adams failed to point out that the new law will do nothing to stop the coyotes , human traffickers and drugs and arms dealers that cross our border every day .
Adams did n't mention that the new law is an unfunded mandate and gives police no resources or funding to implement the new law .
Gov. Jan Brewer and Republicans took police officers off the streets when they massively cut public - safety funding this year .
Law enforcement also can be sued if they do n't enforce the law and no doubt will be sued if they do .
The law actually ties the hands of police officers instead of enabling them to protect our communities .
We need tough immigration reform on the national level that cracks down on human smugglers , the illegal sale of weapons to drug cartels and other violent criminals , and we need to give law enforcement the tools they need to secure our border .
We also need to sanction employers who hire illegal immigrants and require immigrants to pay back taxes , learn English , pass a criminal background check and then get on a path to legalization .
Phoenix is the kidnapping capital of the nation , and we should do everything we can to make sure law enforcement can do their job and protect our kids and neighborhoods .
We also need to make sure those who are here legally are treated fairly and respectfully .
Arizona 's economy cannot handle the expense of a law that does not provide a real solution to the problem .
We need to focus on laws that actually do something to combat the violence .
For example , my bill that was signed into law , House Bill 2763 , substituted by Senate Bill 1059 , cracks down on human smuggling .
It eliminates a requirement to prove that a trafficked individual be obtained " for transport " to qualify as being trafficked for sex or labor .
The bill gives police more tools to arrest criminals who traffic people for sex or slave labor .
It 's time to get to work and deal with the real immigration problems in Arizona .
SB 1070 fails to do any of that .
Kyrsten Sinema is assistant House Democratic leader in the Arizona House of Representatives .
For $ 200 or more , you will receive all of the above , plus have your name ( or character name ) permanently embedded on the Troll in the Corner website , be featured as a Patron Par Excellence in the finished book .
Your NPC will be featured with original artwork based on a description or photo provided by you .
I will write you a personal letter of thanks , sign your hard copy , feature you in an article on Troll in the Corner ( should you chose ) and design a one of a kind short adventure featuring your NPC .
Two , count 'em , two copies of the book , both signed and lastly , you will receive ANY future Aruneus PDFs free of charge .
Less
L'appel fera date dans l'histoire des politiques publiques en matière de drogues .
Lancé fin juin , à la veille de la Conférence mondiale sur le sida qui s'est ouverte à Vienne , dimanche 18 juillet , soutenu par les principaux centres de recherche et de lutte contre le sida , il est signé par Françoise Barré - Sinoussi , prix Nobel de médecine et codécouvreuse du virus VIH , par Brigitte Schmied , présidente de la Société internationale sur le sida , par Fernando Henrique Cardoso , ancien président du Brésil , et par bien d'autres personnalités .
La " déclaration de Vienne " réclame avec force que soit reconsidérée l'approche répressive de la politique mondiale sur la drogue , qui concourt de manière dramatique à la propagation du virus du sida .
" La criminalisation des utilisateurs de drogues illicites alimente l'épidémie de VIH et a eu des retombées essentiellement négatives sur la santé et la société .
Nous avons besoin d'une réorientation complète des politiques " , affirme ce texte , intitulé " Déclaration de Vienne " .
Demandant que l'on reconnaisse " les limites et les préjudices de la prohibition des drogues " , il appelle à une réforme de la " guerre contre la drogue " qui permette " d'éliminer les obstacles à la mise en place de régimes efficaces de prévention , de traitement et de soins du VIH " .
UNE CONTAMINATION SUR TROIS
Depuis des années , les preuves s'accumulent pour montrer que les efforts d'application de la loi sur les stupéfiants n'ont pas réussi à enrayer la consommation de drogues illicites .
Le nombre de pays dans lesquels se pratique l'injection de drogues illégales est à la hausse , et les femmes et les enfants sont de plus en plus touchés .
Plus la politique contre les usagers est répressive , plus elle contribue à la propagation du VIH : au lieu de se soigner , les toxicomanes vivent leur dépendance le plus discrètement possible , s'échangent les seringues , et ne bénéficient souvent d'aucun service .
Hors de l'Afrique subsaharienne , une contamination sur trois , actuellement , est ainsi liée à l'injection de drogue .
Et il s'agit du premier facteur de contamination en Asie centrale et en Europe de l'Est , seules régions où l'épidémie progresse .
" Les personnes droguées ont le droit d'avoir des traitements pour prévenir les infections , et des antirétroviraux s'ils vivent avec le VIH " , s'indigne Brigitte Schmied .
Les signataires de la Déclaration de Vienne demandent des mesures d'urgence visant à faire en sorte que les Nations unies " s'expriment d'une seule voix pour appuyer la décriminalisation des utilisateurs de drogues et l'adoption de stratégies de lutte antidrogue basées sur des données probantes " .
Catherine Vincent
Obama ’s election appeared to feed extremist right - wing paranoia and inspire violent fantasies of a “ revolution . ”
On February 27 in Florida , for example , a mentally ill man named Dannie Baker walked up to the window outside the recreation room of a Miramar Beach apartment complex and opened fire on the gathering of Chilean exchange students therein , killing two people -- Nicolas Corp , 23 , and Racine Balbontin , 22 -- and wounding three others .
After police arrested the 60 - year - old Baker at his apartment , neighbors told reporters that Baker had asked them if they were ready for a “ revolution ” -- and warned them that if they were harboring illegal immigrants , to get them out .
Baker had worked as a local volunteer for the Republican Party during George W. Bush ’s 2000 and 2004 campaigns .
However , when Baker turned out to volunteer in 2008 , his mental state had
apparently deteriorated ; a county GOP official said he “ just made people feel uncomfortable , ” so they asked him to stay away .
Baker fired off a number of angry e-mails to GOP officials , which so disturbed and alarmed them that they turned them over to the Walton County sheriff , who did nothing .
In one e-mail , Baker wrote : “ The Washington D.C. Dictators have already confessed to rigging elections in our States for their recruiting dictators to overthrow us with foreign illegals here , and have allowed them to kill and run for office in the States to extend their influence into our States . ”
In another missive , Baker claimed there is a plot to “ give our homeland to foreign states and their representatives here in America .
Lets execute them and reinstate a legal government that will do something for us . ”
Especially remarkable about the Baker case was how little attention it attracted in the United States .
In Chile and much of Latin America , the Miramar Beach shootings were front - page national news .
Francisco Vidal , the Chilean government minister , denounced the crime as “ macabre ” and “ brutal . ”
The deputy consul general personally oversaw the return of the two students ’ bodies to their homeland .
One of the ironies of the murders was that the students were not “ illegal immigrants ” -- they were studying abroad as part of an exchange program , and all of them planned to return to Chile .
In the end , Baker was found incompetent to stand trial and remanded to the custody of the Florida State Hospital in Chattahoochee for treatment ; if he regains competency within five years , he will then stand trial .
The story again received no attention outside of Walton County .
Similarly , the case of James Cummings received little national attention .
After a day or so of headlines , the case of the Tennessee skinheads and their assassination plot [ against Obama ] disappeared from the news .
And no one , outside of a handful of reporters , followed up on the Denver would - be assassins and Troy Eid ’s nonfeasance .
That ’s because the mainstream media have their preferred narratives and stick to them like glue .
The preferred narrative when it came to these violent acts committed by right - wing extremists was that these were all “ isolated incidents ” with no connection , no set of radical belief systems that wove them together , and , most of all , nothing to connect them to the hyperbole from mainstream conservatives .
As Glenn Beck said , these were just nutcases who had nothing to do with anything he or his fellow right - wing pundits told people .
Perish the thought .
If you dared harbor or express it -- as Beck also made abundantly clear -- then you were just trying to silence and oppress poor helpless right - wing pundits .
That was the conservative way , and it was about to become one of their favorite and most repeated themes .
" I do n't want to disparage anyone because of their race , their ethnicity , their name -- whatever their religion their father might have been , " I 'll just say this :
When you think about the optics of a Barack Obama potentially getting elected President of the United States -- I mean , what does this look like to the rest of the world ?
What does it look like to the world of Islam ?
I will tell you that , if he is elected president , then the radical Islamists , the al - Qaida , the radical Islamists and their supporters , will be dancing in the streets in greater numbers than they did on September 11 because they will declare victory in this War on Terror .
Additionally , his middle name ( Hussein ) does matter .
It matters because they read a meaning into that in the rest of the world ...
If he were strong on national defense and said ' I 'm going to go over there and we 're going to fight and we 're going to win , we 'll come home with a victory , ' that 's different .
But that 's not what he said .
They will be dancing in the streets if he 's elected president .
That has a chilling aspect on how difficult it will be to ever win this Global War on Terror . "
In their awesome new book , Over The Cliff -- How Obama 's Election Drove The American Right Insane , John Amato and Dave Neiwert carefully document the dramatic uptick in violence , threats and domestic terrorism since President Obama was elected , much of it -- if not most of it -- driven by unadulterated racism .
Amato and Neiwert make the case , and more convincingly than anyone else , that the violence and paranoia have been stoked by the ranting and raving of the right wing media , from Hate Talk Radio hosts like Rush Limbaugh and Laura Ingraham to Fox News hosts like Glenn Beck , Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity , the sole source of information for many of the most demented perpetrators .
And perish the thought that anyone would connect this violence to extremist politicians like Steve King ( R - IA ) , Michele Bachmann ( R- MN ) , Joe Wilson ( R- SC ) , Virginia Foxx ( R- NC ) , Louie Gohmert ( R - TX ) , Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) , Paul Broun ( R - GA ) or any number of radical right hacks embracing bitherism and other divisive memes intended to drive wedges between Obama and confused , frightened , angry white people who are being told that their world is under attack .
No one can deny that the extremists who flocked to Bachmann 's House Tea Party Caucus are the ones making serial incendiary comments and are the ones working the hardest to undermine Obama 's efforts to rescue the economy .
Yesterday at Netroots Nation Paul Hodes ( D - NH ) referred to this crew as " extremist , obstructionist , lying hypocrites who think you do n't have to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest but are holding up help for the neediest . "
But working families are the only thing these partisan hacks have in their sites .
Paul Broun , a vicious and unrepentant racist , has repeatedly flown his KKK flag when discussing the President and was one of the first members of Congress to accuse Obama of trying to install a Marxist dictatorship .
" That 's exactly what Hitler did in Nazi Germany and it's exactly what the Soviet Union did , " the demented Georgia reactionary told his already very right - wing and paranoid constituents .
" When he 's proposing to have a national security force that 's answering to him , that is as strong as the U.S. military , he 's showing me signs of being Marxist ...
We can't be lulled into complacency .
You have to remember that Adolf Hitler was elected in a democratic Germany .
I 'm not comparing him to Adolf Hitler .
What I 'm saying is there is the potential of going down that road . "
Broun has repeatedly suggested that the President is n't a U.S. citizen and that he may be a Muslim .
Bachmann 's entire career seems to be based around mixing religious fanaticism and McCarthyism with fundraising for herself .
“ I said I had very serious concerns that Barack Obama had anti-American views and now I look like Nostradamus .
” Iowa psychopath Steve King has made even more inflammatory statements
This is a guy who coddles crooked K Street lobbyists , appeals to racism at every opportunity , and defends and lionizes domestic terrorists .
On the radio with convicted traitor G. Gordon Liddy , King told Liddy 's neo -Nazi audience of volatile conspiracy freaks that " The president has demonstrated that he has a default mechanism in him that breaks down the side of race -- on the side that favors the black person .
"
You may not want to call it incitement .
The media certainly does n't .
I do -- absolutely .
Watch Arizona closet case Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) calling Obama " an enemy of humanity " and tell me what else it can possibly be if not incitement :
Labels : crazy extremists , Michele Bachmann , Over The Cliff , right - wing bulllies , Steve King , Tea Party Caucus , Trent Franks , violence
Your session has expired .
Please select the manage your list option and try entering your number and password again .
If the problem persists , this site may be incompatible with your browser .
For further assistance please contact the John Lewis Guest Line on 0345 600 2202 .
( Please refer to your service provider for call charges . )
About two million Americans have seen their benefits run out since the legislation stalled at the end of May .
The difficulty that Democrats had in moving ahead with what has traditionally been a popular vote has forced the leadership to scale back expectations for what it can yet accomplish this year given the requirement to produce at least 60 votes in the Senate on every bill .
Before breaking for the August recess , Congressional leaders now hope to wrap up the unemployment aid , another bill to provide loans and incentives to help small businesses , and an overdue measure to provide money for combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Senate Democrats also intend to confirm Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court after her nomination cleared the Judiciary Committee on Tuesday .
But many lawmakers say they believe the main legislative action of the first half of President Obama ’s term is approaching an end .
Though Senator Harry Reid , the Nevada Democrat and majority leader , also hopes to debate an energy measure , he acknowledged on Tuesday that his plans for the bill were in flux even as others said there was not enough time to take a serious run at a comprehensive energy proposal .
“ We ’re going to make a decision in the near future , ” Mr. Reid said .
“ We ’re not really at a point where I can determine what I think is best for the caucus and the country at this stage . ”
To most Democrats , the added unemployment pay was a priority , given the persistently bad employment outlook back home .
Senator Tom Harkin , Democrat of Iowa , accused Republicans of a “ shameful effort ” to hold up the unemployment aid , bristling at suggestions by some Republicans and their conservative allies that the stream of jobless money was keeping people from seeking jobs .
“ There ’s one job for five to eight people out there and to say somehow by giving them $ 15,000 a year , $ 300 a week , this is going to keep them from going to work , ” Mr. Harkin said .
“ Preposterous .
Absolutely preposterous . ”
Republicans said their position was being mischaracterized by Democrats , who they said were forced to extending unemployment pay because their efforts at job creation had failed .
In our normal , microeconomic world it is not a big deal when excess demand emerges in one market and excess supply emerges in another -- it is , in fact , a good thing , because it induces shifts in production that make the structure of what is made correspond more closely to what people want ( or perhaps to what the people with money want ) .
There is excess demand in one industry .
Sales exceed production , inventories fly off the shelves , and cupboards and supply chains become bare .
Producers and entrepreneurs see large profit opportunities if they expand production to rebuild inventories and satisfy higher demand -- and they do .
They expand factories .
They run more shifts .
They offer workers more money for overtime , they offer workers more money to stay with their firm , and they offer workers not in the industry more money to come on over .
Where does the added supply of workers to swell the ranks of those in the industry whose products are in excess demand come from ?
From the industry whose products are in excess supply .
There , producers see inventories piling up on their shelves .
They are forced to liquidate products and lines of business at a loss .
They are forced to lay off some workers , and lay off others lest they lose all their capital .
Overall unemployment may rise a bit or for a while as this process of adjustment takes place -- it depends whether entrepreneurs and producers in the expanding industry where excess demand emerges are more or less on the ball , keen - eyed , and keen - witted than those in the industry where excess supply emerges and where businesses shrink .
But the process of adjustment , even with frictional unemployment while it takes place , is a good thing -- it makes us all richer .
Attempts to stop it in its tracks or short - circuit its mechanisms are counterproductive and harmful .
The end of the process comes and excess demand and supply are eliminated when there are more people making the things that are wanted more and fewer people making the things that are wanted less .
But in macroeconomics things are different .
The excess supply is economy - wide -- throughout all commodity markets , producing supply in excess of demand for goods , services , labor , and capacity .
Producers and entrepreneurs respond to an aggregate demand shortfall just as individual producers respond to a particular shortfall of demand for their products : they hold sales to liquidate inventories , they cut prices , they cut wages to try to preserve margins , they fire workers .
In the macroeconomic case , the dynamic process that leads to the elimination of excess supply and its counterbalancing excess demand in the microeconomic case gets underway - - or , rather , half of it gets underway .
The problem is that the set of industries that are shrinking is made up of pretty - much - everybody .
There are no industries that are expanding .
The excess demand is not for the products of a goods - and - services producing industry that can rapidly ramp - up production by employing lots more labor .
The excess demand is in finance : for means - of - payment , or safe high - quality assets , or for long - duration sales vehicles .
There is a rise in unemployment from the flow out of goods - and - services producing industries where the excess supply has appeared .
But there is no countervailing flow out of unemployment .
How do you put large numbers of people to work making more Federal Reserve notes or increasing the supply of liquid assets that are means - of - payment that are the reserve deposits of banks ?
How do you shift the flow of production to instantaneously raise the stock of long - duration assets , of claims to wealth that are shares in companies with secure long - run prospects that are vehicles for moving purchasing power across time from the present to the future ?
You can't .
Thus workers fall into unemployment from the excess supply in the goods and services industries .
But no workers are pulled out of unemployment by expanding production in growing goods - and - services industries .
Incomes fall as the unemployed sit idle .
Asset prices jump in the financial markets until markets clear .
But markets clear and excess demand in finance is eliminated with incomes reduced by the amount of the lost earnings of the unemployed .
The excess supply in goods - and - services is also eliminated in this rationed - equilibrium situation : inventories are no longer growing -- but that is because the unemployed are not making anything .
And there the economy sits .
Whether this is an " equilibrium " or not is a matter of taste and definition .
Supply equals demand market by market in the markets for goods , services , and assets .
There are no falling inventories or rising inventories to signal that any branch of production should be expanded or contracted .
There are , however , lots of unemployed workers who would like jobs .
Their existence should aid employers in their bargaining with workers .
Wages should then fall .
And when wages fall higher profits should induce employers to expand production even without any increase in spending .
Eventually wages should fall low enough that the economy returns to full employment and to normal levels of production and capacity utilization even without any increase in asset supplies .
Or will it ?
Falling wages means that households have even less money .
Some of them will default on their loans .
Some banks will find that their reserves are no longer large enough to provide an ample cushion because of these loan defaults .
They will cut back the number of deposits they accept -- and the money supply will shrink as a result , producing another round of excess demand for financial assets .
Or if they are not deposit - but are themselves bond - financed their bonds will suddenly become shaky in quality , and we will see the emergence of an excess demand for safe , high - quality financial assets .
In either case , Walras 's Law will kick in again and this excess demand will be reflected in another round of excess supply for goods , services , labor , and capacity .
Relying on nominal deflation of wages to restore full employment runs the risk of creating yet another shock of excess demand in finance and excess supply in goods and services to deepen the depression .
The hoped - for cure 's first effect is to worsen the disease .
We trust the market to take care of a microeconomic excess - demand excess - supply situation in a few industries in a productive way in a short period of time .
Do we trust the market to do the same way to a macroeconomic imbalance , to quickly resolve a depression in a productive way without help ?
No , we do not .
Rather than relying on economy - wide deflation to eventually restore balance , we should pursue other alternatives .
Plainclothes cops with batons came running out and nabbed a dude all the while swinging wildly at everyone around .
Check out the crazy woman who takes a swing at me .0:45 Undercover Cop dressed as Black Bloc. - Smutton1874 ** Update June 27 , 2010 : This was aired on CBC's The National !** From the Canadian Civil Liberties Association website : " We are receiving calls from across Toronto regarding incidents that happened during the G20 .
If you witnessed an event that you are concerned about , or feel your rights have been violated , we encourage you to contact us and fill out an incident reporting form ( see link ) .
We will keep the information confidential unless you specifically give us permission to report what happened .
Once it is complete , email it to us at mail@ccla.org , or fax it at ( 416 ) 861-1291.
I am not associated with the CCLA , I just feel that this is important information .
Also : www.g20inquiry.org/
Update : here 's a video of what happened later in the same area : vimeo.com/12883752 ( not my video )
Here 's link to stories about arrests : www.thestar.com/news/gta/torontog20summit/article/829921--i-
Police brutalizing peaceful bystanders at Queen / Spadina :
In his comments that have attracted wide attention because he said financial reform regulation was like taking a nuclear weapon to an ant , Republican House minority leader John Boehner also noted that today 's Democrats " are snuffing out the America that I grew up in . "
Boehner was born in November 1949 .
Let 's take a look at the America he grew up in .
In the America John Boehner grew up in , the top marginal tax rate on wealthy earners was 90 % .
It had gone up there during the war , and five , 10 , 15 years after armistice , no sizable group , Democrat or Republican , felt any strong urge to lower it .
In the America John Boehner grew up in , private - sector union membership was around or above 30 % .
Today 's figure is 7 % .
The right to form a union was broadly accepted .
Outside of a few small turbulent pockets , there was no such thing as today 's union - busting law firms hired by management to go into workplaces and intimidate workers .
In the America John Boehner grew up in , the country had a president - a Republican president - who believed the following :
Should any political party attempt to abolish social security , unemployment insurance , and eliminate labor laws and farm programs , you would not hear of that party again in our political history .
There is a tiny splinter group , of course , that believes that you can do these things .
Among them are a few Texas oil millionaires , and an occasional politician or businessman from other areas .
Their number is negligible and they are stupid .
Interesting , that mention of unemployment insurance , the week after a " majority " of 40 Republicans in the Senate ( plus one Democrat ) managed to block the will of 57 Democrats and cut off such benefits for 1.2 million Americans .
In the America John Boehner grew up in , when little Johnny was just starting school in fact , the federal government undertook the largest public works project in the country 's history , the interstate highway system .
It cost $ 100 billion dollars , a little more .
The feds picked up 90 % of the tab , and it was paid largely through dedicated taxes .
In the America John Boehner grew up in , the Republican Party was a moderate - to - conservative party .
The modern conservative movement was just coming to life - in Bill Buckley 's offices in Manhattan , on the campus of Notre Dame University , in Orange County , California .
But many establishment Republicans considered these people a bunch of dangerous kooks .
Obviously these points do n't represent the sum and substance of the 1950s , and there were ways in which the period was more conservative than ours .
But if Boehner really wants to go back : fine , let 's start negotiations .
Jul 17 , 2010 at 02:18 PM
GM is set to launch the much anticipated Volt later this year and will likely sell every single one of them without needing to advertise significantly .
It 's not really a mass production vehicle and wo n't be until the line extends into other vehicles like the rumored small - cuv and smaller sedan over the next year or two .
It 's looking more and more likely that it will be accepted warmly , which would help the resurgent automaker .
According to the many sources , GM plans to launch the Volt in a few markets initially , New York City and Austin , TX rumored to among them and have begun to tease the product .
I have posted the tease video and print ad that ran recenlty in the New York Times that will give you a taste of what 's to come .
Let 's
Talk about the video first .
Being the ultimate tease , the video shows nothing of the vehicle 's exterior ( or interior for that matter ) and instead focuses on the driver experience driving down a beautiful curvy road .
This is smart because the driving experience is somewhat unique and the short film feels appropriately optmistic .
" Hey , we can keep loving our car just like we always have - it will be just a bit different . "
A good tone to hit .
And since this might just be the best - covered automotive launch in history we 've already seen enough of Volt photography .
What 's not to like is the copywriting .
I do n't mind the line about the status quo crumbling .
It 's cliche and expected and somehow smaller than what this should really be but it does the job .
But after that the copy falls flat into puns and trite expressions .
" Breathtaking is n't it ? " Meh .
And campaign tagline is worse still : " It 's electrifying .
And it 's coming this winter . "
Writing is an art of nuance .
One word can really make a big difference and style can set the tone of a piece not to mention an entire campaign .
The copy on this teaser really feels a few decades too old to be on this piece .
I know it 's just a teaser .
But it 's a teaser for the most important product launch for one of our country 's most important companies .
It deserves better .
The print ad that ran in the New York Times does n't fare much better in terms of messaging .
I 'll spare a more detailed review and let you do your own , but let 's just say that if you do read the first line - you do n't have to read the rest .
You know how it 's going to go .
And it feels way way too boring for such a cool product .
Like I said this is just a teaser but I have a lot of expectations for the marketing of this product .
And with well - respected agency Goodby , Silversteain & Partners behind the work you can bet they will be pushing for a quality ad product on par with the vehicle .
I just wish these market teasers felt more epic , more groundbreaking and more status - quo crumbling instead of just telling me that it is .
It will be intersting to see where this all goes and to be honest I wish I were a part of this creative development .
It 's an important campaign .
Position : Right Wing
Age : 18
Date of Birth : January 17 , 1992
Place of Birth : Moscow , Russia
Ht : 6-01 Wt : 178
Shoots : Right
Galiev recently completed his first season with the QMJHL powerhouse Saint John Sea Dogs .
The team had a bevy of top forwards , so Galiev 's numbers are n't that of a number one sniper - but that does n't take away from the fact that he is an offensive dynamo .
Of all the Russian - born players in this year 's draft , Galiev is the least - likely to be a flight risk .
By playing in the USHL for a year before joining the Q he has shown a commitment to playing pro hockey in North America .
2009 /2010 Regular Season Stats :
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 67 15 45 60
N/A 38
Scouting Report ( The Scouting Report ) :
... Galiev ’s creativity stands out as you watch him play .
He is able to generate offense for himself through some nifty puck handling as well as the ability to get shots on goal from anywhere in the offensive zone .
Galiev is also adept at drawing defensemen toward him and then quickly floating a pass to an open teammate .
Galiev sees the ice well and anticipates the play developing .
He often makes passes to open areas for his linemates or pinching defenseman to skate into .
Galiev is a good skater with a quick first step and acceleration .
He also has a nice wide base that allows him to have good balance and an ability to protect the puck against bigger , stronger players .
That skill will only improve as Galiev adds some muscle to his 178 lb. frame .
Galiev is very confidant and willing to handle the puck along the boards as well as pay the price in front of the net ...
Why he'd be a good fit in Columbus :
As we 've said before in these profiles , the Jackets would likely not draft a Russian unless a highly rated one fell to the mid-rounds .
Galiev however is committed to playing here , so much so that his Mother has moved to Canada to be with him .
He is an only child and his father is n't in the picture .
The Galievs are here for the long haul , and if Columbus can snag him in the second round , he could fill in for Nikita Filatov , allowing him to be traded .
Galiev in Action :
Plowboy interviews Amory Lovins , the author of the 1976 essay , " Energy Strategy : The Road Not Taken ? "
Last November , when Friends of the Earth president David Brower nominated 29 - year - old Amory Lovins for the Nobel Peace Prize , darn few people outside the energy policy community had ever heard of Lovins before .
But that was a year ago .
Since then , Amory Lovins 's name has appeared repeatedly in a bafflingly diverse array of publications , ranging from FOE 's Not Man Apart to The New York Times , CoEvolution Quarterly , and such staid journals as Science and New Scientist .
Amory Lovins , in short , is now a widely read and widely admired man .
The sudden rise in Lovins 's popularity began shortly after the publication of his landmark essay , " Energy Strategy : The Road Not Taken ? " , in the October 1976 issue of Foreign Affairs ( $ 12 per year — four issues — from 58 E. 68th St. , New York , N.Y. 10021 ) .
Seldom has a single 10,000 - word article been the object of so much controversy . . . and so little apathy .
Science magazine heralded the piece as " easily the most comprehensive and technically sophisticated attempt to put together an energy program compatible with the environment " .
Not Man Apart reprinted the essay last November under a banner that said , " The Most Important Issue We've Ever Published " .
New Scientist hinted that Lovins 's statement would become " the cornerstone of the anti-nuclear , pro-renewable - energy movement " .
And indeed it is becoming just that .
Amory Lovins — make no mistake — has become a force to be reckoned with in matters of energy policy .
But the question remains : Who is Amory Lovins , anyway ?
Amory Bloch Lovins was born November 13 , 1947 in Washington , D.C. and spent most of his early childhood in Silver Spring , Maryland .
After a distinguished high school career ( Amory won awards and citations from General Electric , Westinghouse , the Atomic Energy Commission , and the American Nuclear Society ) , the young Lovins entered Harvard in 1964 , where he studied for two years before transferring to Oxford , England .
Upon completing two years of study at Magdalen College , Lovins became a Junior Research Fellow at Merton College ( still at Oxford ) and began working toward a Ph.D. degree in physics .
Then , in 1971 — disenchanted with academic life — he resigned his fellowship , took a Master of Arts degree , and became the British representative for Friends of the Earth . . . a post that Amory has held ever since .
For the past several years — in addition to acting as FOE 's British ambassador — Lovins has served as a consultant to many of the world 's " think tanks " written six books for Friends of the Earth , testified before governments , and authored countless papers for a variety of technical journals .
As an energy consultant , Lovins lists among his clients the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( Paris ) , the International Federation of Institutes for Advanced Study ( Stockholm ) , the Science Council of Canada , the U.S. Office of Technology Assessment , the Energy Research and Development Administration , the MIT Workshop on Alternative Energy Strategies , and several United Nations agencies .
This coming spring , Amory Lovins will be a Regents ' Lecturer at the University of California at Berkeley .
When Amory is n't writing , reading , testifying , lecturing , attending seminars , or zipping back and forth across oceans , he can sometimes be found giving wilderness tours .
( " I like to do about 100 days of mountaineering a year " Lovins admits . )
And that 's where Kas Thomas recently interviewed Amory Lovins . . . between stints as a wilderness guide at Camp Winona , near Bridgton , Maine .
During the exchange that resulted , Amory revealed himself to be remarkably articulate , disarmingly mild - mannered , genuinely concerned for the future of the planet , and — in general — a very warm human being .
Amory , for the benefit of those who do n't know you , could you explain how you got into the field of energy analysis ?
How did a physicist happen to get so deeply involved in energy policy ?
Through a series of historic accidents .
It 's true that I 'm basically an experimental physicist , or at least I used to be .
I was working toward a Ph.D. in physics at Oxford , in England , during the late sixties .
Up until that time , I had been raised to be a normal , healthy techno - twit .
I did n't much care about environmental issues .
Gradually , though , I began reading about the wider problems in the world .
And I started to realize that it would n't make a heck of a lot of difference to anybody whether or not I solved the problems I was working on in the laboratory .
At the same time , I was becoming less and less able to see myself twenty years down the road as an academic physicist .
At about that time — which is to say , the very late sixties — I developed an interest in a wild part of northwest Wales called Snowdonia National Park .
A colleague and I had done a lot of mountain photography there , and a little writing , too .
We thought we might be able to recover some of our film costs by selling an article to National Geographic so we wrote to the magazine .
And they said , " Well this is nice stuff , but it 's not what we publish . . . it 's too atmospheric .
But you might send it to Dave Brower at Friends of the Earth , because Dave likes that sort of thing .
He might have some suggestions . "
So we wrote to Dave , and very much to our surprise we soon found ourselves signed up to do one of Dave 's " exhibit format " books for FOE .
This was in 1970 ?
Right , late 1970 .
In the process of doing the book , during the spring of ' 71 , co-photographer Philip Evans and I became very much involved with Dave Brower and the things he was doing .
Also , I was getting to be sufficiently disenchanted with academic science at that point that I was willing to jump off and try something else . . . so in May of 1971 I resigned my Junior Research Fellowship at Oxford , moved from Oxford to London , and went to work for Friends of the Earth as their British representative , which involved me in a mixture of analysis , writing , speaking , broadcasting , testifying , and lobbying at all levels , from grassroots to Prime Ministerial .
- Advertisement -
What did you work on during your first couple of years as FOE 's British rep ?
Mainly the problems of land use and national park policy . . . the problems I 'd addressed in the exhibit format book , Eryri , The Mountains of Longing .
This was the book about Wales ?
It 's about a part of Wales — Snowdonia National Park — where , several years ago , everything was going wrong at once .
For instance , in the early seventies the Rio Tinto - Zinc Corporation wanted to start an open - pit copper mine in the Park and also dredge a very beautiful estuary for gold .
Eryri was one manifestation of our disagreement about that , and as a result of the book and several other things that happened , RTZ went away mad .
So the copper and gold are still there , or at least the copper .
No doubt we 'll have a rerun in twenty years .
Anyway , I was working on the problem in Snowdonia , which spread out into areas such as mineral land - use planning law .
But then — as time went on , around 1972 or ' 73 — I switched from that to resource policy in general and energy policy in particular , and I did another couple of books .
You 're talking about Red Alert : Openpit Mining and The Stockholm Conference : Only One Earth . . . is that right ?
Yes .
Meanwhile , my first energy book — World Energy Strategies — went through its first draft early in ' 73 as a U.N. paper , and — of course ) ' 73 was a propitious time for anything about energy .
The next year , I spent some time putting together a semitechnical assessment of the state of the nuclear art for the Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution , which was doing a study of the nuclear fuel cycle .
This material was published early in 1975 — together with analyses contributed by John H. Price — in a book called Non-Nuclear Futures .
Then — earlier this year — FOE / Ballinger brought out my third book on the subject , Soft Energy Paths .
All right .
You 've written three energy books in the past several years — six Friends of the Earth books altogether — and you 've had numerous articles and papers published in technical journals .
But by far your most celebrated piece of work — the one for which you are best known today — is an essay entitled " Energy Strategy : The Road Not Taken ? " which appeared in the October ' 76 issue of Foreign Affairs .
Since many of MOTHER 's readers have n't seen that piece , I wonder if you could explain — briefly — what it was about , and why that article has been so controversial .
I 'll try .
Basically , the essay outlines and contrasts two paths along which U.S. energy policies — or the energy policies of other countries — might evolve over the next fifty years or so .
These paths are not forecasts or projections . . . rather , they 're illustrations .
They 're not necessarily what will or should happen . . . they 're a way of visualizing what might happen .
What I said in " Energy Strategy : The Road Not Taken ? " is that most of the energy futures one can imagine are basically variations on one or another of two themes .
The first theme — which I call a " hard " energy path — assumes that the energy problem facing this country is how to expand supplies — especially domestic supplies — of energy to meet extrapolated demands .
According to hard - path advocates , the solution to this problem is to deplete all sorts of depletable fuels faster , whether it 's oil , gas , coal , or uranium . . . to convert those fuels into premium forms of energy , mainly electricity . . . to do that conversion in ever larger , more complex , more centralized , hightechnology plants . . . then to distribute the energy through big , centralized distribution networks .
In the beginning of my Foreign Affairs article , I put some numbers into the hard path in order to show people the kinds of commitments such a path entails .
The numbers are rather shocking .
In a hard path , the year 2000 finds us with 450 to 800 nuclear reactors in this country . . . 500 to 800 huge coal - fired power stations . . . 1,000 to 1,600 new coal mines . . . 900 new offshore oil wells . . . and perhaps fifteen million electric automobiles .
To say nothing of the severe social problems we can look forward to .
Problems such as increasing inequity .
High technical risk .
High vulnerability to the kind of mistake we 've just seen in New York City .
Very high financial cost . . . so high - in fact - that we would n't have enough money left in fifty years to pay for the things that were supposed to use all the energy !
You 're painting a very grim picture . . . one that certainly does n't jibe with the " more is better " philosophy on which so many of us were brought up .
Quite , true .
That 's why I think that if — as the proponents of the hard path often tell us — there 's no alternative to the scenario I 've just described , we might as well all go home and forget about trying to create a saner society .
But I believe there 's another way to look at the energy problem .
. . a way that leads us in a much nicer direction .
And that is . . .
It 's the soft energy path I talked about in the Foreign Affairs article .
If you 're interested in a soft path , you start with a different view of what the energy problem is . . . and you find that it is n't simply a problem of how to expand supplies to meet extrapolated demands .
You do n't just talk about " future energy requirements " .
Instead you talk about who 's going to require how much of what kind of energy for what purposes for how long .
Amazingly , these issues are very new in the energy policy community .
Now if you start with that view , you begin to see that the rate at which a society gobbles energy is n't so much a measure of that society 's success or well - being anymore , but rather of its failure .
Schumacher 's notion of Buddhist economics comes into play here .
If your goal is to get someplace , the amount of traffic you have to endure to get there is n't a measure of how wonderful your transportation system is . . . it 's a reflection of your failure to establish a rational settlement pattern in which you already live near where you wanted to be in the first place !
It 's the same with energy use .
The whole point of thinking along soft path lines is to do whatever it is you want to do , using as little energy — and other resources — as possible .
Once you start with that rather different view of what the problem is , you naturally find that there are other ways to approach the solution .
OK .
How do you approach the solution ?
With a soft energy path based on three components . . . components that — when you put them together — form a whole greater than the sum of the parts .
The three components are — first — very greatly increased efficiency in energy use . . . second , the rapid introduction of what I call " soft technologies " , which I 'll define in a minute . . . and third , the transitional use of fossil fuels to buy the time needed to deploy the soft technologies .
I do n't need to say too much about the first component , except that I 'm talking not just about increasing the gas mileage of cars or the efficiency of electric toasters . . .
I 'm talking about reducing the enormous losses that occur when you convert primary energy — in the form of coal , petroleum , and so on — into gasoline and electricity .
The losses that occur in converting primary energy to end — use energy have been increasing dramatically over the past few decades , and if we do nothing about it these losses will go on increasing until they take up over half of all future energy growth .
In other words , one of the biggest energy wasters in our present society is our own energy industry !
Precisely .
In Britain , for example , the energy industries are the largest energy consumers .
In England , more than half the growth in energy production that 's occurred since 1900 has gone to fuel the fuel industries .
Wow !
Now obviously , this kind of thing can't be allowed to go on .
We can't continue to fuel the fuel industry at an ever - increasing rate , and the rest of society can't continue to consume energy at an ever - increasing rate .
It has to end somewhere .
I take it , then , you feel that zero or negative growth in the rate of energy use in the U.S. is a desirable and achievable goal .
Absolutely .
And of course , that means we 're going to have to learn how to do more with less .
But it does n't necessarily mean that we 'll have to give up a lot of things that are dear to us .
I hear that fear expressed quite often .
Some people feel that civilization in the U.S. would be inconceivable if we used only , say , half as much electricity as we do now . . . and yet that is what we did use in 1963 , when Americans were at least half as civilized as they are at present .
OK .
A minute ago , you promised to define the term " soft technologies " .
Right .
Soft technologies have five defining characteristics .
Number one , they 're diverse . . . that is , we 're talking about a large number of individual technologies , each doing what it does best , and none trying to be a panacea .
Second , soft technologies rely on renewable energy flows sunlight , wind , vegetation , and the like — rather than on depletable fuels .
They rely on energy that 's always going to be there whether we use it or not .
Yes .
Third , they are relatively understandable , or what Ivan Illich would call convivial .
That is , although an ordinary person would n't necessarily be able to build a particular soft energy device or have a detailed knowledge of what goes on inside it , he or she would be able to control it .
It would n't be some mysterious giant lurking over the horizon , but rather an item of everyday activity that would be relatively understandable .
My pocket calculator , for example , is technically a very sophisticated device , but I run it . . . it does n't run me .
That 's the sort of social criterion I had in mind .
All right .
The fourth and fifth defining characteristics of soft technologies are that they 're matched in scale and in energy quality to end - use needs .
Perhaps you could explain what you mean by that . . . by matching " energy quality " to end - use needs .
What does that mean ?
Well as you know , energy comes in many different forms , some of which are what a scientist would call " low grade " energy .
That is n't a derogatory term . . . it just means that the kind of energy in question — low - temperature heat , usually — can't do difficult kinds of work .
Now , there 's an awful lot of low - grade energy around .
There 's more low - grade energy in the Atlantic Ocean , for instance , than there is high - grade energy in all the oil in the Middle East , but you can't do much with it .
By matching energy quality to end use needs , I simply mean that where you have a job that can be done by low - grade energy , you should use low - grade energy to do that job , and not high - grade energy .
Is there much of a need for low - grade energy in this country ?
Oh yes .
About half of all the energy needed in the U.S. today is required in the form of heat at temperatures below a few hundred degrees Celsius .
Altogether something like 58 % of our end - use needs are for heat .
And only a fraction of that 58 % is high - temperature heat .
What about the other 42 % of our end uses ?
What kinds of energy do we need there ?
Well , about 31 % of the remainder is liquid fuels for vehicles , mainly cars .
About 3 % of our energy is used to run pipelines .
It takes a lot of energy to pump things around , you know , especially to pump fuels around .
Industrial - type electric motors consume 4 % of our energy . . . and another 4 % is used by all other electric devices : all lighting , electronics , telecommunications , smelting , electroplating , arc welding , electric drive for railways , and home appliances .
Hold it . . . you mean that all the uses of electricity in this country add up to only four percent of our total energy demand ?
No , eight percent .
If you count industrial electric motors , only eight percent of our total energy needs are of the kind that must be met with electricity .
It turns out , though — because we 're using electricity for a good many inappropriate , low - grade purposes — that we 're actually meeting 13 % of our present energy needs with electricity .
Now bear in mind that the conversion of coal energy into electrical energy is very wasteful .
It turns out that for every three units of coal energy — or oil energy , or whatever — you put into a power plant , you only get one unit of electrical energy out .
The other two units are lost as heat . . . that 's just a law of physics .
Right now , about a third of U.S. fossil fuels goes to make the electricity we use to meet 13 % of our energy needs .
And a hard energy path would increase this 13 % figure to between 20 % and 40 % by the year 2000 . . . far more thereafter .
But there 's no need to do that .
If you match the quality of energy supplied to the quality needed for the task at hand — if you use electricity only for those applications that require electricity — you can save one heck of a lot of fossil fuel , because you can virtually eliminate the horrendous losses involved in converting energy from one form to another .
What we 've been trying to do in this country , you see , is supply the highest possible quality of energy for everything , whether we need it or not .
But we can't afford to do that anymore .
It 's messy , inelegant , expensive , and dangerous .
It 's like cutting butter with a chain saw .
A couple minutes ago you mentioned that soft technologies are also matched in scale to end - use needs .
What does that mean ?
It means that where we want to create temperature differences of tens of degrees — as in heating a home — we should meet the need with power sources whose potential is tens or hundreds of degrees , rather than burning fossil fuels at thousands of degrees , or trying to confine nuclear reactions that have an effective temperature of trillions of degrees .
To do otherwise is both wasteful and expensive .
If you want proof of this , just look at your electric bill .
At least half your monthly payment goes for fixed distribution costs and related overhead : transmission lines , transformers , cables , meters , meter readers , planners , billing computers , etc .
Half of your bill .
The generation of electricity on a domes tic or neighborhood scale would eliminate — or at least greatly reduce — these distribution costs .
Actually , by using quite orthodox economics , one can show that nowadays it costs less overall to build a lot of little power stations than it does to construct one huge one .
This may come as a surprise to power engineers who were brought up to think in terms of classical economies of scale , but those theories do n't hold water anymore .
Could you give me an example ?
Well , for instance : Big generating stations — contrary to what their designers expected — are turning out to be a lot less reliable than small ones .
The bigger they are , in fact , the less reliable they are .
Also , the big stations ' unreliability is a much more grievous fault than it would be in a small station because of the fact that you have to provide instant backup capability for those times when the station fails , and it becomes very difficult and expensive to provide that backup capacity on a large scale .
Then too , the big power stations take a long time to build compared to small ones . . . which means they 're more vulnerable to longterm interest charges , cost escalations , changes in political climate resulting in design alterations midway through construction , pressure from labor unions , and mistimed demand forecasts . . . which is where it turns out that you 've built the thing before you really need it and — as a result — it just sits there , eating up loan interest .
When you start to add up some of these " diseconomies of scale " — if you willyou find that big stations just do n't make economic sense . . . let alone any other kind .
You do n't think , then , that big power stations have a place in the country 's energy system ?
I 'm not saying that at all .
I 'm saying , rather , that they have an important but limited place which they 've already long since filled , and that we can take advantage of the big systems we 've got without building more of them .
The electric grid we now have , for example , is going to be around for a long time and will prove very useful during the transition to a soft path .
But we do n't need any more big electric generating stations .
We already have about twice as much electricity as we can use to advantage .
And I 'd be the last person to say that everything has to be small .
It 's just as silly — in my opinion — to try to run a smelter with wind machines as it is to heat houses with fast breeder reactors .
The object is to crack nuts with nutcrackers and to drive pilings with triphammers , not the reverse .
You speak of " the transition to a soft path " .
What are some of the technologies — soft and otherwise — that you see us using during this transition ?
What " alternative " technologies exist that we can and should implement right now ?
Well , there 's a very important class of transitional technologies that use something called fluidized bed combustion , which is a very clean and efficient way to burn practically any fuel .
Last May , I visited a fully commercial fluidized bed district heating plant in Enkoping , Sweden , and to give you an idea of what I 'm talking about , this plant will burn any kind of fuel : oil , gas , coal , wood , peat , trash , even my energy studies . . . it does n't much care .
It will meet Swedish air quality standards , which are tougher than ours , even using high - sulfur coal and no add - on scrubbers .
It has a complete two - year guarantee , and there were five international vendors competing to supply the hardware .
Most fluidized bed " experts " in this country either have n't heard about the Enkoping plant , or tell me that such a thing could n't exist yet .
They just have n't done their homework .
Then too , there are many proven , worthwhile solar devices on the market or just coming on the market .
If I were building a solar house , I think there 's enough of a range of solar hardware available now that I could do a good job , although — of course — if it 's a new house , I 'd want to make it a passive design and just use the heat from people , lights , appliances , and windows , rather than special collectors .
Wind machines are coming into their own now , too .
There 's a 200 kilowatt vertical - axis machine in the Magdalen Islands in the Gulf of St. Lawrence , for instance .
It 's on the Hydro - Quebec grid .
And it 's proving to be reasonably economic .
I think we 'll be seeing a great many more such machines in the near future !
We also already have the technology for converting farm and forestry wastes to fuel alcohols . . . these processes have been used for a long time in countries like Finland .
Here , I 'm afraid I do n't have much sympathy for proposals to create big monocultural plantations of special crops that would be harvested and made into methanol .
That 's just unnecessary .
Because if you take all the farm and forest wastes that are already available and convert them using wellestablished processes — to fuel alcohols , you wind up with enough fuel to run the whole transportation sector of the U.S. economy at the best European efficiencies of today . . . which is to say , about a factor of three better than we now do .
Now the interesting thing is , we 've just covered nearly all the needs of the U.S. energy system .
Because all there is is low - temperature heat for buildings , medium - and high - temperature process heat for factories , liquid fuels for vehicles , and electricity .
And practically all the electricity we need can come from the existing network of hydro stations . . . we do n't even need to convert fuels to electricity .
How do you answer critics who say that energy storage is a major problem with soft technologies ?
I think they 've got it backwards .
Energy storage is a major problem with hard technologies .
It 's a minor problem with soft technologies .
The reason for this is that with soft technologies , you are n't trying to electrify everything or store large amounts of energy .
You would instead be trying — where you needed storage — to store energy at the point of end use , in rather small amounts , and often at rather low quality .
Now it 's very simple to store low - temperature heat . . . you can do it in water or rocks .
There might be more elegant ways to do it , but you do n't need them .
Again , let 's go through the kinds of energy we 're talking about .
Low - and high - temperature heat would be stored as heat , at the point of end use .
That 's easy .
Liquid fuels would be stored as liquid fuels .
That 's easy . . . we 're already doing it .
Electricity would be stored as water behind existing dams .
We 're already doing that too .
That 's all there is , except maybe for mechanical energy , which you can always store as compressed air .
Compressed air ?
That 's not very practical , is it ?
I think it is .
Some European cities — Paris and Vienna , for example — used to offer compressed air as a standard utility .
It ran all the motors in those towns until the turn of the century , when electricity took over .
Compressed air is actually a very highly developed technology .
I recently looked in the Yellow Pages of the phone book in a large American city , under the heading " Compressed Air " , and there were something like six pages of listings !
Compressed air is very handy stuff .
It 's exceedingly simple and reliable .
It 's spark - proof , which — of course — is why it 's used so much in mining .
And it has good torqueing characteristics . . . air - powered wrenches are used , for example , in car assembly .
Of course , it 's also used there because if the workers were to steal the tools and take them home , they would n't be able to use them .
Anyway , I think compressed air has been much underrated as an energy carrier .
Granted that what you 've been saying about soft technologies is true , who 's going to bear the cost of deploying small - scale , decentralized technologies ?
Well in some cases , individual homeowners themselves will .
They 're already doing it .
In Vermont , for example , about 40 % of all the houses in the state have been back - fitted by their owners with woodburning stoves in the past three years .
There was n't a program to do this . . . people just did it , because they had the incentive and the opportunity .
Now it 's true that if you want to retrofit your house with an active solar heating system it 's going to cost you a lot more than a wood stove would , but I think there 's a rather simple way around that .
It 's called a " capital transfer scheme " , and it 's mentioned in President Carter 's energy plan .
Here 's how it works :
If you want to insulate your roof , say , or put up a solar collector , your local utility will lend you the money to do it , and they 'll give you the money on the same terms at which they would otherwise lend themselves the money to build power stations .
You would repay the loan through your utility bill at your own rate of return , so that your bill would n't go up .
In fact , once you paid off the loan , your bill would go down since you'd be using less gas , electricity , or whatever .
But meanwhile — until then — you'd be paying the same monthly payments you would have paid if you had n't installed the equipment at all .
But really , is n't that a lot to ask of , say , Consolidated Edison ?
Why would Con Ed want to help its customers buy solar heating equipment ?
I think there 's an incentive for both parties .
The incentive for the homeowner is obvious :
He or she stands to save money and become a bit more self - reliant .
The incentive for Con Ed is threefold : First , they'd have to raise a lot less hard - to - get capital this way than if they did n't loan you the money . . . because in the latter case , they'd have to build another power station or coal gasification plant or whatever , and they do n't know where the money 's going to come from to do those things .
Second , the payback time on your investment is much shorter — several times shorter — than it would be on Con Ed's investment in a new power plant , so they can turn their money over several times in the same period .
Third , a capital transfer . . . it 's very simple to store low - temperature heat with rocks or water .
There might be more elegant ways to do it , but you do n't need them .
A scheme would help Con Ed avoid social obsolescence and make good use of its existing facilities during the transition to a soft path .
So you see , this kind of thing can be a good investment for utilities to get into .
It 's a better investment than what they 're doing now .
That 's why , for example , Michigan Consolidated Gas Company has joined forces with other gas companies in setting up capital transfer schemes that have already led to the insulation of over 100,000 roofs .
It 's less expensive for them to do this than for them to find new fields of gas .
All right .
So we already have the technologies we need to make the switch from a hard to a soft energy path .
You 've shown that energy storage is not a major problem with soft technologies .
And you 've suggested that soft technologies can be made economically attractive .
Indeed , some technologies are economically irresistible .
Take electrical cogeneration , for example , which is where you tap the process steam produced by industry to do some other job . . . and then also use that steam to make electricity .
There 's a
Dow study which says that by 1985 , U.S. industry could meet about half its own needs for electricity through cogeneration and that — furthermore — such a plan of action would save $ 20 to $ 50 billion in investment , conserve the equivalent of two to three million barrels of oil per day , and obviate the need for fifty large nuclear reactors !
Well if soft technologies are really this attractive , why do we stand here confronted — as Pogo said — by insurmountable opportunities ?
I think the reason for that is what — in the trade — we call " institutional barriers " , many of whom live in Washington .
Institutional barriers make a long list .
For instance you have outdated building codes , mortgage regulations that encourage inefficiency , fee structures that give building engineers a fixed percentage of the price of the heating and cooling equipment they install , inappropriate tax laws , imperfect access to capital markets . . .
I could go on and on .
And do n't forget that we have bad information all over the place .
Many socalled " experts " do n't realize what 's happening in their own fields , or in other countries , or even down the hall !
I go around in places like ERDAthe Energy Research and Development Administration — and I find I have to tell Mr. X that Ms. Y , who 's one floor down and around the corner , has already solved his problem .
I should n't have to do that .
And of course , on top of everything else , we 've got these archaic energy prices which are based on what it has cost , historically , to do things rather than on what it will cost to do them .
You see , if you clear away the institutional barriers I mentioned but continue to subsidize energy as we 're doing now — so that oil , gas , and other fuels continue to appear artificially cheap — people will still tend not to look favorably on soft technologies .
OK .
So where do we go from here ?
I think there are three initial steps we can — and should — take .
First , we need to get busy correcting the institutional barriers we just talked about .
It 's not going to be easy .
There are well over 3,000 building codes in the U.S. , for example , and — obviously — it will take a long time to rewrite them . . . but look at what happens if we do n't rewrite them .
That 's the point .
We end up with much worse problems down the road .
The second of the three things we ought to be doing is remove the subsidies from our conventional fuel and power supply systems , and enforce our antitrust laws .
This — of course — is straight - down - the - line orthodox economics .
It 's nothing radical .
And , third , we ought to be moving toward energy prices based on longterm replacement costs .
Again , this is orthodox economics .
As you can see , we 're really talking about delving into all the rules and incentives and " habits of thought " — if you will — that govern the way the capital stock of the whole country has grown up . . . and then revamping a lot of them .
It 's quite an undertaking .
And it wo n't be easy .
It 'll only be easier than not doing it .
What do you think of President Carter 's National Energy Plan ?
Do you feel that it represents a formal commitment to a hard path ?
I do n't think so .
I do n't agree with Barry Commoner 's analysis of that .
There are details of the plan that I would quibble with , but overall I 'm encouraged by it .
It does — by putting energy conservation first — reflect a complete re-orientation of the American energy policy .
That 's a good first step .
But what about the parts of the Carter plan that deal with nuclear power ?
It seems to me — just taking the plan at face value — that the most significant thing the plan does about nuclear power is that it does n't bail it out .
If you want the nuclear industry in this country to survive , you have to give it a huge shot in the arm — about $ 100 billion — right away .
Carter 's plan does n't do that .
That 's a very important omission .
What the Carter plan does do is give a boost to several of the things that compete with nuclear power , such as conservation , coal , cogeneration , utility rate reform , and capital transfer schemes .
Any one of these five isin my opinion — sufficient to finish off the nuclear industry .
I take it then , you feel nuclear power in the U.S. is facing some rough times ahead .
Oh , it 's dead .
It 's dead .
You mean it 's finished , as of right now , late 1977 ?
It 's dead in the sense of a brontosaurus that 's had its spinal cord cut and — because it 's so enormous and has all these ganglia near the tail — can keep thrashing around for years not knowing it 's dead yet .
Two things killed it :
One is basic economics .
The nuclear industry has only survived so far because it 's been assiduously nourished by various subsidies and bailouts .
Those are gradually coming to an end .
The other thing that 's killed it is its own zealous promoters , who never quite understood the gist of Dick Crossman 's first rule of successful propaganda . . . namely , that the basis for it is truth .
What was that name again ?
Richard Crossman .
He ran the British propaganda campaign during the war and he 's always pointed out that propaganda wo n't persuade anyone unless it 's basically true .
When the history of this period comes to be written , I think that the people who now consider themselves the foremost advocates of nuclear power will seem to be the people who did it in politically .
How is nuclear energy doing right now in the rest of the world ?
Much the same as in the U.S.
The Japanese industry has completely lost its shirt .
The German nuclear industry has been retrenching and is still losing money .
The French industry is an arm of the government , so it draws on the treasury . . . but otherwise it loses money .
The Canadian industry has apparently been losing money .
It 's hard to tell exactly about the home market . . . but certainly on their exports , the Canadians have been losing money .
They 've been paying their customers to haul the reactors away .
You know , all this is kind of funny , because it was n't so long ago that our energy leaders were pointing at atomic fission as the panacea that would — in a couple of decades — solve all our energy worries forever .
Yes .
And now it seems that many people have begun to say the same sorts of things about nuclear fusion .
The people who are always saying " something will come along to save us " are now pointing to fusion .
What do you think of fusion 's potential ?
I used to think it would be a good idea to try to build a fusion reactor , but I do n't think so anymore , for three reasons .
First , fusion will — at least with the designs we 're pursuing now — be rather dirty .
It wo n't be quite as bad as fast breeder reactors , but it wo n't be clean enough to be attractive .
You 'll still have the problem of what to do with radioactive wastes .
But even if — contrary to most fusion experts ' expectations — fusion turns out to be a clean source of energy as advertised , I think we would lack the discipline to use it with restraint .
If you ask me , it'd be little short of disastrous for us to discover a source of clean , cheap , abundant energy because of what we would do with it .
We ought to be looking for energy sources that are adequate for our needs , but that wo n't give us the excesses of concentrated energy with which we could do mischief to the earth or to each other .
Which brings me to my second point . . . namely , that fusion produces a lot of fast neutrons that could — and probably would — be used to make bomb materials .
The kind of fusion research that involves compressing pellets by means of high - energy lasers is a technology that I think should be abandoned immediately because of its very worrisome military implications .
Thirdly , fusion is nothing but a very clever way to do something that we do n't really want to do .
That is , it 's just another complex , costly , slow - to - deploy , centralized , high - technology way to make electricity .
And that 's not what we need .
If we do n't need more ways to generate electricity , why is the Energy Research and Development Administration spending so much money on the solar conversion of electricity these days ?
Beats me !
A little over a year ago , you know , the ERDA people said that solar technologies cannot be considered to have a major long - term impact unless they 're electrified .
That 's just nuts !
Right now only about eight percent of our end - use energy needs can be justifiably met with electricity , and it does n't make sense to try to fit the other 92 % into that mold .
I think most of the ERDA solar money is misdirected , and it's not clear to me on the face of it whether ERDA is actually advancing or retarding solar technology .
Some people — Steve Baer , for instance — think ERDA should be abolished , and I do n't reject that view out of hand at all .
It seems — from most of what you 've been sayingthat you do n't put a great deal of faith in so — called energy " experts " and government agencies when it comes to finding solutions for our energy problems .
Right .
I 've often said that the basic issues in energy strategy today — far from being too complex and technical for ordinary people to understand — are , on the contrary , far too simple and political for the experts to understand .
Our " experts " do n't really comprehend the nature of the problem .
As I mentioned at the beginning of this conversation , the fundamental questions of who 's going to require how much of what kind of energy for what purposes for how long are only just now beginning to be asked in the energy policy community .
I think there 's a real danger in leaving energy policy to technical and economic " experts " .
Our leaders do n't really understand the issues .
And they do n't understand the choice that 's now before them .
We stand at a crossroads , and without decisive action soon , our options will slip away .
You mean the soft and hard energy paths are mutually exclusive ?
It 's one or the other ?
Yes .
That was one of the key points I tried to make in the Foreign Affairs article .
We must make the transition to a soft energy path soon , or else we will — in two or three decades — have already used up the resources we need to get there .
If we do n't start building a bridge to a soft - path future now , we may well find — in the year 2000 — that we 've delayed the use of soft technologies until the bridge to them has been burned .
We may find that we 've sunk the capital we needed to solar - heat our homes and insulate our roofs into giant nuclear reactors that can never pay us back .
We may find we 've trained a lot of nuclear fusion and fission engineers , and not enough organic conversion engineers .
We may find that the institutional barriers we did n't attempt to change when we could have changed them are no longer changeable !
We can't go on believing that fusion or fission or some other godsend is going to solve all our energy problems " in just a few more years " .
We can't go on thinking that because the oil companies and big government are — if you believe their ads — doing so much to solve the " energy crisis " , that we need n't even insulate our roofs or conserve gasoline !
But that 's not really true .
The time for action is now .
We have n't a minute to spare .
Some people say that a soft energy path entails mainly social problems and a hard path mainly technical problems , and that since — in the past we 've been better at solving the technical problems than social ones , those are the kind of problems we should incur now .
But the hard path , too , involves difficult social problems . . . we can't escape them any longer .
It 's a matter of which kinds of social problems we want .
I think it 's time we come to grips with this fact .
The most important , difficult , and neglected questions of energy strategy are not mainly technical , but rather social and ethical .
They will — no doubt — pose a supreme challenge to the adaptability of our democratic institutions and the vitality of our spiritual life .
But I believe we can meet this challenge .
We must , for we shall not have another chance to do so .
Amory Lovins 's books — Eryri , The Mountains of Longing ( $ 14.95 ) , Red Alert : Openpit Mining ( $ 1.75 ) , The Stockholm Conference : Only One Earth ( $ 3.95 ) , World Energy Strategies ( $ 4.95 ) , Non-Nuclear Futures ( $ 6.95 ) , and Soft Energy Paths ( $ 6.95 ) — can all be ordered from Friends of the Earth at 124 Spear St. , San Francisco , California 94105 .
If you 're a resident of California , add 6 % sales tax to your order . . . and regardless of where you live , be sure to include 75 ¢ extra per book for postage and handling .
—
The Editors .
The European Commission has been working to coordinate , complement and initiate measures to deal with every aspect of the coronavirus pandemic .
In the predawn hours of a December day 26 years ago a poison crept through a city of more than 650,000 souls , and soon many who inhaled the gas were dead .
In addition to those who died directly from the fumes , others were fatally trampled in the panic that swept the area .
The estimates of the number who perished vary widely .
One official source put initial deaths at nearly 3,000 and subsequent deaths at nearly 15,000 ; permanent disabilities were set at 50,000 .
The toxin that attacked Bhopal , India , on that morning in 1984 was released accidentally from a pesticide plant owned by an Indian subsidiary of Union Carbide .
Roughly 40 metric tons of a lethal chemical wafted into sleeping homes to be breathed by perhaps half a million people .
The discharge occurred after water entered a tank of methyl isocyanate and created a runaway reaction that raised the temperature within the container to nearly 400 degrees Fahrenheit .
From time to time some element of the calamity ’s aftermath was reported in the Western press , but before long the accident was mostly forgotten — but certainly not by the thousands who had been blinded or afflicted with cancer , respiratory ailments , neurological conditions or other medical troubles .
Other people ’s problems , especially when they occur in the faraway Third World , tend to have a short stay in the higher parts of our brains , chock - full of our own troubles big and small .
I had not thought about the Bhopal disaster for years before I saw a June 7 article in the Los Angeles Times headed “ 7 guilty in 1984 Bhopal disaster . ”
The piece said those convicted were former executives of the Union Carbide subsidiary involved in the tragedy and that the men , all Indian nationals , had been sentenced to two - year prison terms after being found guilty of negligence .
The second paragraph : “ The trial represented the first criminal convictions in one of the world ’s worst industrial disasters .
But victims and activists declared the sentences wholly inadequate . ”
The Indian press and others were vitriolic in denouncing the lateness and lightness of the sentences .
The convicted men — released on bail bonds of $ 530 and expected to appeal the verdict — each were ordered to pay a whopping $ 2,100 fine , and Union Carbide India was assessed the breathtaking penalty of $ 10,600 .
Indian officials should n’t be planning to spend that $ 10,600 just yet .
The fine — tiny though it is , even allowing for differences in economic standards — may never be paid .
The Times observed : “… Michigan - based Dow Chemical Co. acquired Union Carbide , the parent company , in 2001 and has denied any inherited responsibility for the incident or its aftermath . ”
In 1989 Union Carbide did accept a $ 470 million out - of - court settlement , but that gave many victims and other survivors only about $ 500 each ; these folks probably counted themselves as lucky , for others who suffered ended up with zero , zilch and zip .
The big fish associated with what some writers have called “ the Bhopal massacre ” continues to swim free .
Warren Anderson , who was chairman and chief executive of the Union Carbide corporation in 1984 , was arrested at the Bhopal Airport several days after the accident and was quickly released on bail .
He promptly fled back to the United States .
Some years afterward , Bhopal authorities charged him with manslaughter , and later he was declared a fugitive .
U.S. authorities were in no hurry to extradite the now 89 - year - old Anderson , who turned out to be not too difficult to find .
In 2002 Greenpeace reported that it had visited him at his home .
In a Greenpeace website article headlined “ Carbide criminal found , ” the organization said :
Warren Anderson , former Union Carbide CEO at the time of the world ’s worst industrial disaster in Bhopal , India in 1984 , has been found living a life of luxury in New York State .
He is wanted in India to face charges of culpable homicide over the deaths of 20,000 people since the disaster .
Anderson has been hiding in the US since an explosion at his company ’s plant in Bhopal , India , caused the immediate deaths of thousands of people and has resulted in life long suffering for almost 120,000 survivors .
We paid Anderson a visit at his US home and handed him an arrest warrant .
He was tracked down in a matter of weeks by a UK newspaper [ that was working with Greenpeace ] .
He has been facing charges of culpable homicide and an extradition order from the government of India for the past eleven years .
He has never appeared in court to face charges for crimes in Bhopal or even to explain why his company did not apply the same safety standards at its plant in India that it operated at a sister plant in the US state of West Virginia .
Week before last , U.S. Rep. Frank Pallone Jr. , D - N.J. , renewed his call for the extradition of Anderson , saying : “ All those responsible for this disaster , including the former chairman of Union Carbide Warren Anderson , should stand trial in India and receive punishment that reflects the devastation and pain they have caused for thousands of people .
Warren Anderson absolutely deserves to be extradited from the U.S. and punished for the full extent of his crimes .
” India defended its good intentions by saying it has been requesting the extradition since 2003 but that the U.S. “ has maintained that our request is not covered by the India - US extradition . ”
In that same week , Robert O. Blake , a U.S. assistant secretary of state , said in Washington : “ I do n’t expect this verdict [ the Bhopal convictions ] to reopen any new inquiries or anything like that .
On the contrary , we hope that this is going to help to bring closure to the victims and their families . ”
In other words , icicles will be forming in the warmest parts of Hades when the United States sends Anderson to face the music .
Blake was wrong about one thing , however — about the verdicts not opening “ any new inquiries . ”
On June 10 the Indian government announced it would form a 10 - member panel , headed by the home minister , to look at all issues surrounding the 1984 tragedy .
Certainly there is no shortage of allegations linking the accident to Union Carbide failures or wrongdoing .
A number of sources have assembled collections of various official and unofficial charges against Union Carbide that could be placed in the following general categories : slipshod corporate planning and strategies ; atrocious workplace practices and policies ; faulty equipment ; bad maintenance ; dealing with employees in improper ways ; failure to observe safety standards ; failure to respond to a spate of earlier accidents and dangerous incidents .
Now I invite you to mentally gather up those seven allegations , close your eyes and turn around three times .
After you steady yourself , look in the general direction of the Gulf of Mexico .
I guarantee that at that point , unless you have been in a coma since April 20 , you will have a vision of a vast expanse of oil - filled water and will think of two initials .
Those initials will be a “ B ” and a “ P , ” and the menacing mixture will be the abomination that now resides off the coasts of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
Exactly why there was an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig — which BP leased from Transocean , the owner and operator — and why it is taking so long to stanch the resulting undersea oil gusher might be investigated for years .
At the moment , no formal findings have been handed down in the case .
However , what we do know does n’t paint a pretty picture of BP ’s practices in general and its actions on the Deepwater Horizon in specific .
A handful of the reported facts and charges surrounding the BP oil spill follow , and they sketch a disturbing image of corporate negligence .
On June 8 Truthdig reprinted a ProPublica investigatory article that began , “ A series of internal investigations over the past decade warned senior BP managers that the company repeatedly disregarded safety and environmental rules and risked a serious accident if it did not change its ways . ”
The piece , by Abrahm Lustgarten and Ryan Knutson , went on to say , “ The confidential inquiries , which have not previously been made public , focused on a rash of problems at BP ’s Alaska oil - drilling unit . … ” BP ’s practices in Alaska amounted to a troubling attack on industrial safety standards , according to article , which provided extensive documentation .
In the latter part of their report , Lustgarten and Knutson tell about Kenneth Abbott , a BP contractor employee who was responsible for doing internal audits and checking machinery on Atlantis , a huge BP rig in the Gulf of Mexico .
Because of what he found and the nature of his dealings with BP , Abbott ended up suing the Minerals and Management Service in May in an effort to force the federal regulatory agency to shut down the operations on Atlantis .
Abbott told ProPublica : “ I just hit a lot of resistance from the lead engineers .
They got really angry with me .
They wanted to shortcut the system and not do the reviews , because they cut short the man hours . ”
He estimated that BP ’s improper maneuverings had saved the company up to $ 3 million .
“ There seemed to be a big emphasis to push the contractors to get things done and that was always at the forefront of the operation , ” Abbott said .
“ I felt there had to be balance .
You had to have safety because people ’s life depended on it .
My management did n’t see it that way . ”
In detailing BP ’s safety deficiencies in Alaska , ProPublica said that some of the company ’s equipment lacked gas and fire detection sensors and emergency shutoff valves :
When gas leaks from a pipeline break or a blowout near a running engine , it ’s a lot like stomping on the accelerator of a car :
The engine will suck up the fuel vapors and scream out of control .
Gas sensors are critical to preventing an explosion , because they can shut down a rig engine before that happens .
Now investigators are learning that similar sensors — and the shutoff systems that would have been connected to them — were not operating in the engine room of the Deepwater Horizon rig that exploded in the Gulf of Mexico .
In sworn testimony before a Deepwater Horizon Joint Investigation panel in New Orleans last month , Deepwater mechanic Douglas Brown said that the backstop mechanism that should have prevented the engines from running wild apparently failed — and so did the air intake valves that were supposed to close if gas enters the engine room .
…
Another system was supposed to kick in and shut the engines down , but that system also failed .
He said the engine room was n’t equipped with a gas alarm system that could have shut off the power .
Kenneth Abbott , the engineer who spoke with ProPublica about the Alaska operation , was also interviewed by “ 60 Minutes ” for its May 16 broadcast , “ Blowout : The Deepwater Horizon Disaster . ”
Another person featured in that broadcast was Deepwater Horizon crew member Mike Williams .
Williams told “ 60 Minutes ” that a BP manager had ordered a speedup : “ And he requested to the driller , ‘ Hey , let ’s bump it up .
Let ’s bump it up . ’
And what he was talking about there is he ’s bumping up the rate of penetration .
How fast the drill bit is going down . ”
Williams also said that after an accident damaged the Deepwater Horizon ’s crucial blowout preventer , “ [ A crewman ] discovered chunks of rubber in the drilling fluid .
He thought it was important enough to gather this double handful of chunks of rubber and bring them into the driller shack .
I recall asking the supervisor if this was out of the ordinary .
And he says , ‘ Oh , it ’s no big deal . ’
And I thought , ‘ How can it be not a big deal ?
There ’s chunks of our seal is now missing . ’ “
Mother Jones reported June 7 that a Houston lawyer representing 15 rig workers , among others , has a signed statement from a rescue boat crew member who claims he overheard the Deepwater Horizon installation manager , an employee of rig owner Transocean , screaming to someone over a satellite phone shortly after the rig exploded : “ Are you fucking happy ?
Are you fucking happy ?
The rig ’s on fire !
I told you this was gonna happen . ”
Even at this relatively early point in the case , the allegations of BP ’s dubious practices and negligence could fill a book .
( Click here for the Wall Street Journal article “ BP Decisions Set Stage for Disaster . ”
Here for the “ 60 Minutes ” transcript .
Here to go to the website of the Deepwater Horizon Joint Investigation , being conducted by the federal government . )
Of course , an allegation is not a finding of guilt , and nothing in this article should be seen as a demand for prison sentences stemming from the accident and the consequent contamination .
Such determinations are the business of our justice process : investigation , formal indictments , trials , then sentencing if there are convictions .
What I ’m saying is that the case is rich with reasons for deep - reaching investigation .
There are plenty of smoking guns lying around for the scrutiny of conscientious prosecutors , and anyone found guilty should be punished in line with the severity of this monstrous offense against man and the environment .
The Wall Street debacle of recent years has yet to offer a solid model for such investigation and prosecution .
U.S. prisons have not exactly suffered an overcrowding problem as a result of convictions of the brokers , bankers , public officials and others who helped knock the American economy into a latrine .
A cynic might say that officialdom is loath to bite the hands of the financiers and Wall Streeters who have counted out greenbacks so generously to the treasuries of those who ran for office and will run yet again .
The same cynic might also note that the oil industry , too , has n’t been stingy when it comes to forking over cash to ever - so - grateful politicians .
Our nation , so quick to rightly put away a guy caught robbing a liquor store , is shamed by its traditional reluctance to investigate and try men and women who have ruined the lives of thousands or even millions .
Crime involving illegal profit - seeking in the chambers of high finance or on floating platforms in the Gulf of Mexico should not be immune to vigorous investigation and prosecution .
American authorities , I believe , may find some civic guidance by looking across the ocean to the city of Bhopal .
Let me quickly admit ( 1 ) that the Bhopal convictions were far , far too late in coming ; ( 2 ) that the penalties were ridiculously , inappropriately light ; ( 3 ) that the prison sentences may never be served and the fines may never be paid ; ( 4 ) that India failed in its attempt to extradite the executive at the top of the Union Carbide food chain .
To call the Indian action in this case feeble would be to rate it too highly .
But please note , gentle reader , that the Indians did something .
They hauled Union Carbide officials into court and obtained guilty verdicts .
Controversy aside , the principle at work was an important one .
The Indians did not merely designate some underling as a fall guy and then congratulate themselves for ensuring that he would be dining on prison cuisine for the next 30 years .
At day ’s end , seven former executives were hauled before the bar of justice in a spectacular crime ; the seven found guilty were among those who actually held responsibility for the Bhopal enormity .
What was accomplished by the justice system is worthy of recognition , and now authorities are promising to probe further into the poisoning of still unknown numbers of innocent people .
Let ’s hope something is done in the United States of America , quickly , over the poisoning of miles of its coastal water .
T.L. Caswell was on the Los Angeles Times editing staff for more than 25 years and now edits and writes for Truthdig .
Children , a rare sight in Sun City , could become more common in the northwest Valley community widely known for its active - senior living .
Youngtown Public Charter School expects to open next month with more than 100 elementary - school students .
Residents are furious , but it appears they have no recourse .
Because of legislation passed in 2009 , county officials say the charter school can legally operate in Sun City .
The law states that charter schools must be treated like public schools .
By that , they must be allowed to set up wherever public schools are allowed .
That includes commercial spaces like the one selected in Sun City .
Despite that , Sun City residents argue that a school violates the intent of the master - planned community , which was designed and zoned 50 years ago specifically for senior citizens .
There is no school district in Sun City because no children are allowed to live there .
That 's the model residents want to keep .
" Residents are pretty upset , " said Bill Szentmiklosi , compliance manager for the Sun City Home Owners Association .
" When Sun City was founded in the '60s , nobody could anticipate 50 years later a school would be coming in . "
On the other side is Jack Duran , the charter school 's owner and principal .
He said if he had known the uproar his school would cause , he would have relocated to another area .
Duran 's school was originally in nearby Youngtown .
Owners there wanted to sell the property , Duran said , so he set off to find another spot on short notice .
Duran , who is a pastor of New Joy Ministries , says his school 's mission is " helping all K - 8 students reach their academic potential . "
Duran 's church operates separately from the charter school , but they would share the same space , he said .
Duran noticed a for - lease sign at a commercial space near 107th and Peoria avenues and asked the landlord if there was an issue with setting up a school in that space .
" No problem ?
No regulations ? "
Duran said he asked .
" No , " was the response he said he got .
Duran is right , says Maricopa County Supervisor Max Wilson , whose jurisdiction includes unincorporated Sun City .
Wilson opposes the charter school in Sun City but says the county has no say in the case because of the charter - school legislation .
State law trumps local control , he said .
" It 's an unintended consequence on this retirement community , " Wilson said .
Residents , who fight to keep the area age - restricted , are worried that the charter school could mean two things they want to avoid : a local property tax for schools and jeopardy for their senior - citizen overlay - zoning district .
Residents fear a school could make way for children to be allowed to live in the area .
Neither is a possibility , Wilson 's office said .
Charter schools do not need to locate within a larger school district to operate .
As a result , even though charter schools get state funding , it would not lead to a school property tax in Sun City .
Despite the August start , Duran 's facility still must pass code inspections .
As he races to get that done , Sun City residents want more dialogue on the issue .
The Sun City Home Owners Association is holding a town - hall meeting today to do just that .
The idea of a Linux Mint desktop based on top of Debian Testing is quite seducing .
It ’s much faster than Ubuntu and the current Linux Mint desktops , it uses less resources , and it opens the door for a rolling distribution , with a continuous flow of updates and no jumps from one release to another .
It ’s something we ’ve always been tempted to do .
Needless to say , whether it ’s been because of our lack of communication on that topic or not , this has been a source of numerous rumors within the community .
A while ago , we released an ALPHA non-installable liveCD based on Debian .
Then , last August I announced I was working on a new installer , and recently , I was joined by Ikey Doherty to work on the Debian base again .
This time we ’re producing our own liveCD , straight from the Debian Testing repositories , and it also comes with its own installer .
What we ’re aiming at , this time , is a fully working and fully installable liveCD which behaves in every way as similarly as the main Linux Mint edition .
Before I explain a little more about this project , I just need to stress a few important points :
Until we release it as stable and we can assess the feedback of the community and the percentage of our users using it , the priority of this project is secondary .
We ’ve never considered our goal to be linked to Ubuntu in anyway .
We consider Ubuntu one of the upstream components that we use on some of the systems we distribute .
The same way we distribute Gnome on most systems and other desktops on some others , it ’s possible for us to distribute a system with a different package base such as Debian .
We ’ve also considered experimenting with an RPM Fedora base , a Slackware / APT base and even making our own from scratch .
Of course , changing the base represents more work than changing the desktop , which itself is harder obviously than changing a user application , but we ’re a distribution and this is what we do :
We distribute a system made of the best upstream components available to us , including our own alternatives .
We ’re not “ switching base ” , we ’ll continue to use Ubuntu on most of our systems .
This Debian - based project will produce an additional system ( to start with ) , it ’s something we want to try , and if it proves successful , it ’s something we ’ll continue to maintain .
At the moment , we ’ve got an installable liveCD which comes with a rough Linux Mint desktop .
All tools are present , the look and feel is almost identical to the Main edition , but there are a few rough edges .
The installer itself is working fine , it supports locales and most features , but it ’s still missing a partitioner .
That ’s what we ’re working on at the moment .
Here ’s a screenshot of the installer :
And here ’s what the installed system looks like ( this particular installation is in Korean , as we were testing the new locale support in the installer ) :
We ’re starting with Gnome and i386 .
We ’re not sure whether it will be a CD or DVD yet , and we really ca n’t say much in terms of ETA .
You can follow our progress on the installer on github :
http://github.com/linuxmint/live-installer/commits/master
And once the installer is ready , we ’ll start testing ISO images on the Community Website :
http://community.linuxmint.com/iso
I ’d like everyone to be patient with this project .
A lot of things are happening indeed , but as I said before , the other editions take priority over this and until it gets the release and success it certainly deserves , we ’re still considering it an R&D project .
Whether you ’ll be able to try this out in a few weeks , in a few months or even next year is really hard to say at this stage .
Be confident that it will happen , that the team is extremely interested in it and that Ikey and I are working really hard on it .
I planned to work on this during the last release cycle , but the development of the new mintInstall and the new Linux Mint 9 features took priority .
We ’ve got some time at the moment and we ’ll make as much progress as we can .
No matter what happens , we wo n’t release it publicly until we ’re 100 % happy with it .
To those who ’ve waited a long time already and to everyone in advance , thank you for your patience .
British budget hits workers and poor
By Ann Talbot
23 June 2010
The Conservative / Liberal Democrat coalition ’s emergency budget will hit the poorest members of society hardest .
Chancellor George Osborne wrapped his measures in rhetoric about fairness and burden sharing , but this was a budget for the rich .
Osborne announced a total of £ 11 billion in cuts to welfare spending .
In addition , Value Added Tax ( VAT ) will go up from its present 17.5 percent level to 20 percent , raising a further £ 13 billion .
VAT is a regressive sales tax that inevitably hits the lowest paid most heavily .
Overall the budget aims to raise £ 40 billion .
Most of this will come from cuts to public spending .
This unprecedented attack on the welfare state is the price of the bank bailout , which saw the Labour government come to the rescue of financial institutions that had bankrupted themselves through their own speculative frenzy .
Osborne set out plans to entirely eliminate the UK ’s record £ 155 billion deficit within the five - year lifetime of this parliament .
Achieving this target will mean five years of austerity involving cuts in welfare benefits , public services , jobs , pay and pensions .
“ This is an unavoidable budget , ” Osborne said in the run-up to the announcement .
Last week the credit rating agency Fitch warned that Britain needed to speed up its deficit reduction strategy to avoid the risk of sovereign downgrade escalating .
“ [ B] oth the size of the deficit currently projected for 2011 and the failure to reduce the deficit to 3 percent of GDP within five years are striking , ” Fitch commented .
Osborne and his Liberal Democrat coalition partners have responded to the demands of the financial elite with a budget that will transfer money from the majority of the population to the wealthy elite .
“ I want a sign to go up over the British economy saying ‘ open for business ’ “ , Osborne told Parliament .
Corporation
Tax is to be cut from its present level of 28 percent to 24 percent .
This will give the UK the lowest level of corporate taxation in any developed economy .
National Insurance contributions paid by employers will be cut for lower paid workers .
This too will shift more of the cost of the welfare state onto workers .
Small companies will receive extra tax benefits .
“ Manufacturing as a whole will pay less tax ” , Osborne assured business .
While the banking sector will have to pay a bank levy on financial transactions , this will easily be offset by the cut in corporation tax .
Capital Gains
Tax is to go up from 18 percent to 28 percent .
But this will have a bigger effect on individuals who have invested in property as a means of providing themselves with a pension .
Major corporations and the rich have been exploring ways of avoiding this increase , which was long expected .
The public sector faces cuts of over £ 100 billion over the next five years .
Osborne announced that public spending will rise , but this is entirely accounted for by debt repayments .
Labour already planned to cut 20 percent across the board from all government departments .
Osborne plans to go further .
He announced a 25 percent cut in public spending .
Health , defence and overseas aid spending would be exempt , he said , meaning that other departments would have to make bigger cuts .
This does not mean that the National Health Service will be protected from cuts .
“ Efficiency savings ” announced by the previous government are already working their way through the system .
On top of that the coalition government introduced a £ 6 billion package of cuts when it came into office .
Osborne ’s budget , grim though it is , does not tell the full story .
A comprehensive spending review will introduce further cuts in the autumn .
Many of the implications of the cuts will be hidden from public scrutiny in an attempt to dissipate opposition and prevent nationwide opposition from developing .
They are being devolved to local government , regional government , Health Trusts and universities .
Osborne announced a series of cuts to welfare provision .
Child Benefit , one of the few remaining universal benefits , will be frozen for three years .
The Child Tax Credits system , which Osborne described as “ unsustainable ” , is to be revised .
Payments to families collectively earning just £ 40,000 a year will be restricted .
The planned rise in state pension age to 66 will be accelerated .
The state pension and state pension credit will in future be uprated in line with the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) and not the Retail Price Index ( RPI ) .
Since the RPI is usually higher than the CPI , this will save the government £ 11 billion .
Osborne announced cuts to a number of benefits .
One of the main targets was the Disability Living Allowance , which allows disabled people to live in their own homes and continue to work .
This is a benefit that already has stringent criteria and is notoriously hard to access .
Osborne aims to save 10 percent of its current budget by imposing a stricter medical assessment on claimants .
Housing Benefit costs , Osborne claimed , were “ completely out of control ” .
The government would restrict access to this benefit , which allows those on low incomes to rent homes .
Some issues were deferred , indicating that this budget is not the sum total of the attacks to come .
Public sector pensions are to be reviewed by a commission under the chairmanship of John Hutton , who was work and pensions secretary under Labour .
The choice of Hutton points to the continuity between this government and its predecessor .
Public sector pay will be reviewed by another commission under the hitherto Labour - supporting economist , Will Hutton .
But Osborne announced a two - year pay freeze for public sector workers , with the exception of those on less than £ 21,000 per annum who will get a £ 250 flat rate pay rise in both these years .
Public sector workers will bear the brunt of the coalition ’s fiscal policies , whether in the form of job losses , pay cuts , loss of pension rights or privatisation .
Osborne indicated that the government intended to go ahead with a number of privatisations , including the student loan book , air traffic control , the Tote ( state - run gambling ) and the Royal Mail .
One of the new features of this budget was the role of the Office of Budgetary Responsibility ( OBR ) , which the coalition has just set up .
The OBR is an unelected body that has the job of determining government economic and fiscal policy in the same way that the unelected Bank of England determines government monetary policy .
The scale of the budget cuts has put strain on the coalition .
Nick Clegg , the Liberal Democrat deputy prime minister , wrote to all his party members the night before the budget telling them that the austerity measures were necessary to prevent Britain becoming “ another Greece ” .
His aim was to head off protests from his own supporters .
During the election a Liberal Democrat poster had warned of a Tory VAT bombshell .
Now Clegg is part of the government that has implemented a massive hike in VAT and imposed cuts in government spending that he previously warned would lead to a double - dip recession .
Clegg denied that he had “ sold out ” .
“ We have always argued that cuts would be necessary , but the timing should be based on economic circumstances , not political dogma ” , he said .
“ The economic situation today means that time has come . ”
The Tories are scarcely in a stronger position .
Prime Minister David Cameron claimed they had no plans to raise VAT throughout the election campaign .
Inevitably , the tax rise will hit shops and other businesses that are already struggling under the impact of the recession .
A government that came to power with little popular support is in danger of rapidly losing what little political capital it had .
Osborne offered a token cut in income tax in an effort to elicit some popular support for the coalition .
The tax threshold will be raised by £ 1,000 to £ 7,475 and there will be a £ 200 tax cut for basic rate taxpayers .
On the face of it this will benefit more than 1 million people .
But the impact of the measures is in fact very limited .
People earning minimum wage will still be paying tax , while the VAT rise and the cuts to other benefits wipe out any gains .
This budget foreshadows immense class struggles as the welfare state concessions of the post - war period come under systematic attack from a financial oligarchy that is no longer prepared to tolerate any diminution of its profits .
The only person charged under a controversial G20 regulation appeared in court Wednesday only to discover his charge has mysteriously disappeared .
Dave Vasey , 31 , was exploring the G20 security perimeter June 24 when he was arrested and charged with violating a temporary regulation under the Public Works Protection Act .
Vasey , who had no knowledge of the law , was taken to the Eastern Ave. detention centre and held for about five hours .
He was released with a summons to appear in court on Wednesday .
But when Vasey arrived at Old City Hall Wednesday morning , his name was nowhere to be found on the docket .
The court also had no information about his case .
Vasey ’s charge , it would seem , no longer exists .
“ They did n’t have any record of it , either on paper or in the computer system , ” Vasey said .
“ The justice of the peace herself looked and said , ‘ This is highly unusual . ’ ”
Vasey is now free of his charge for failing to comply with a peace officer under the Public Works Protection Act .
But according to his lawyer , Howard Morton , the government or police still have five months to recharge Vasey should they wish to do so .
Morton said he has no idea why Vasey ’s charge seems to have suddenly evaporated .
“ There are only two possibilities .
The first is there never was a charge , ” he said .
“ The only other possibility I can think of is that the government simply did n’t want any further embarrassment over this regulation that was passed in secret and simply decided not to pursue it .
“ If that ’s the case , then they were just hoping the issue would go away . ”
In an email to the Star , a spokesperson for the attorney general said Vasey ’s charge appears to have never been filed with the courts and directed further questions to the police .
Spokeswoman Meaghan Gray said Toronto police are looking into the matter , although some of the officers involved in Vasey ’s arrest are on vacation .
She believes an “ administrative ” error may be to blame for the vanished charge .
“ This has nothing to do with the fact that this was a G20 - related case , ” Gray said .
“ At this point , we believe this was an administrative issue . ”
This development is just the latest twist in the ongoing fiasco surrounding the Public Works Protection Act .
On June 2 , the provincial cabinet quietly passed a temporary regulation under the 1939 act which gave police the ability to search and demand identification from those suspected of attempting to breach the security perimeter during the G20 summit .
Anyone who refused could risk arrest .
But the regulation only came to light on June 25 , the day the Star first reported the story and three days before the regulation was to be officially revoked .
While it was posted on an online legal database , the regulation was n’t scheduled for official publication in the Ontario Gazette until July 3 .
News of the startling regulation triggered a public outcry but the rule was defended by both Queen ’s Park and Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair .
More controversy followed , however , as the public was left with an erroneous impression that people were subject to the act if they were within 5 metres of the outer security perimeter — a misunderstanding that was n’t corrected by the province or police chief until two days after the summit .
In the end , Vasey was the only person arrested inside the security perimeter for violating the Public Works Protection Act.
Ontario Ombudsman André Marin is investigating the way the government passed and implemented the temporary G20 regulation .
For Morton , his client has been the “ ghost son of a ghost regulation . ”
Vasey said he is actually disappointed to see his charges disappear because he was looking forward to challenging the law in court .
“ The entire idea that they would pass secret laws out of the eye of the public is unconstitutional , ” Vasey said .
“ Myself and a number of other people wanted to see how they would possibly legitimize this .
They obviously can’t and do n’t want to . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Meanwhile , Toronto police continue to make G20 - related arrests .
On Wednesday , they announced the arrest of Matthew McDonald , 33 , who allegedly damaged a police car on June 26 .
Amanda Hiscocks , one of the four alleged ringleaders of the G20 riots , was also released on $ 140,000 bail Wednesday .
Police allege she and her co-accused are active members of the Southern Ontario Anarchist Resistance .
Hiscocks will be back in court Aug. 23 .
With files from The Canadian Press
1 2 3 next »
The " CSI : Internet " series was originally published in c't magazine starting with issue 13/2010 .
For links to other articles in this series please refer to our CSI : Internet HQ page .
CSI : Internet
Episode 2 : The image of death
by Frank Boldewin
One morning when checking my emails , one subject line really drew my attention : " Air France Flight 447 ( crash pictures ) " .
The email claimed that images on the camera memory stick of a passenger on the crashed plane had been successfully reconstructed and could now be viewed in the attached PowerPoint presentation .
The day before , there had indeed been headlines about an Air France plane crashing off the coast of Brazil .
The plane had still not been found , and exclusive images of the catastrophe would have been a good way of getting people to click on an attachment .
Too good , if you ask me !
When someone is trying that hard , my alarms go off .
So I saved the email attachment in a shared folder , to which my virtual malware analysis environment has access .
I was not about to experiment with my desktop system .
In this protected , virtual environment , I first uploaded the PowerPoint file via Virustotal to see whether an antivirus vendor had already taken the time to analyze it .
Nope .
Only one vendor was already categorizing it as somehow " suspicious " , an outcome that is unfortunately not rare for contaminants that are just coming into circulation .
Emails like these , which tempt recipients to open an attachment , almost always contain malware .
So let ’s get to work – the job could prove to be interesting .
First , I checked whether simple methods revealed anything .
It 's really amazing how often you can use the Unix command strings to detect such suspicious strings as a typical PE header or such import names as Createfile and WinExec .
These are clear signs of executable code , which has no place in an Office file .
But this time , strings did not reveal anything aside from a few strings typical of PowerPoint , such as " Arial " .
Next , I took a look at the mysterious PowerPoint file with the much more refined Officecat tool from the Snort team .
Recently , it had proven quite useful in analysing what purported to be an invoice ; the tool not only found the file to be infected , but also pointed me to the " Common Vulnerability Enumerator " CVE - 2006-6456 .
This is a reference to the MITRE database of vulnerabilities which in turn provided me with links to a number of descriptions of the exploited hole in Microsoft Word , including Microsoft Security Bulletin MS07-014 , which closed the hole .
But the only thing that Officecat had to say about these purported crash images was , " SAFE File " .
I could not imagine that the file was truly safe .
It was more likely that the simple , signature - based approach of Officecat had once again failed .
After all , these tests produce no results without a signature for a known , analysed exploit .
It was time for me to play the honeypot and open the PowerPoint file within my safe environment using an old , unpatched Office 2003 .
Obviously , I would then discover a number of suspicious activities , such as the creation of new files or the downloading of malicious code from the Internet .
Here , the ProcMon tool from the SysInternals Suite is a charm ; it logs all of the activities pertaining to the file system , the registry , and the launch of new processes .
And indeed , a new process called fssm32.exe popped up directly after the PowerPoint file was opened .
In the background , PowerPoint then also opened Temp\Celebrities_Without_Makeup.pps . , which had popped up out of nowhere – a clever tactic I have often witnessed when studying malicious files in formats like DOC , XLS , PPT , and PDF .
First , they create an executable file , and then they execute it .
Directly afterwards , they distract the victim by opening a harmless file , like the presentation of celebrities without makeup in this case .
At the same time , Wireshark found some strange HTTP traffic pertaining to a POST request at port 8080 under the IP address 202.52.X.Y .
A look at the whois service on The H revealed that the server is located in Kathmandu , Nepal .
There is no way that this is part of a regularly installed program .
I generally have a network sniffer run on the host system in such cases .
Because it sniffs on the network outside of the test system , not even an active root kit that has made itself at home in the kernel can hide its activities completely .
In the worst case , I would still at least see an encrypted data stream .
On further investigation , neither the process , nor the data transmission to Nepal can be traced back to a natural source .
Now I have proof that malware is at work .
The question is how it managed to execute code .
Not even intensive research online gets me any further .
Apparently , there are simply no useful tools that extract macros from Office files or look for shellcode in them .
I guess I 'll have to write one myself .
It would have been much easier if the file had been in the new XML format that Microsoft launched in Office 2007 .
Then , I would have been able to use an unzip tool to produce more or less readable files I could look at in an editor .
But my PowerPoint file is in the old binary format .
So I spend the next few days studying a number of Microsoft articles .
Next : Premier
1 2 3 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-1030311
A couple of weeks ago Google announced their WebM project , which provided a free software implementation of their VP8 video codec and a license to exercise the patents the company held on the software .
( This after we appealed to them to do just that a couple of months prior . )
The license they chose was unambiguously free : a three - clause BSD license combined with a patent license based on one found in the Apache License 2.0 .
Unfortunately , the interaction between the copyright license and the patent license made the result GPL - incompatible .
Based on the concerns of developers writing GPL - covered software , Google publicly stated that they would take some time to review the WebM license and try to address the community 's concerns .
Today , they released a revised license , and it is GPL - compatible .
The most important part of the change is that Google has separated the patent license from the copyright license .
Now the copyright license on the software is a totally standard three - clause BSD license , which is clearly compatible with the GPL .
The patent license , in turn , provides distributors with permission to exercise all the rights , and meet all the conditions , in the GPL , as required by GPL v2 section 7 ; and those permissions are consistent with the ones provided by the patent grant in GPL v3 section 11 .
All this means that developers distributing GPL - covered software can take advantage of the patent license without running afoul of the GPL 's conditions , whether they 're using GPL v2 or GPLv3 .
We 'd like to take this opportunity to thank Google again for helping the free software community out on this issue — both with the initial release of WebM as free software , and by updating the license to address these compatibility concerns .
WebM is a great contribution that ensures everyone is free to use the web as it continues to evolve , without surrendering their rights to the patent holders of proprietary codecs .
This license update will only make it stronger and even more competitive .
Kim Kardashian shows off her curvy figure in tiny striped bikini as she spends time with sister Kourtney in Miami
Kim Kardashian has been spending a lot of time in Miami recently , but who can blame her when she has a bikini body like this ?
The 29 - year - old socialite wore a tiny purple and white striped triangle bikini as she strolled along with beach with her 31 - year - old sister earlier this week .
Wearing dark sunglasses and carrying a sarong , Kim showed off her enviable figure in the two - piece , which drew particular attention to her most famous asset - her curvy bottom .
Bikini beauties : Kourtney ( left ) and Kim Kardashian show off their bikini bodies on Miami Beach earlier this week
Awkward ?
Kim met up with ex-boyfriend Reggie Bush at friends Bobby McCray and Khadijah Haqq 's wedding this weekend
Sweet : Khloe and Lamar danced with each other and stole a kiss at their pals wedding
But , as she finished her fifth consecutive day of intense workouts , Kourtney passed out and had to be treated by paramedics in an ambulance .
Sister Khloe was then called to pick up her ill sibling , and did n't hold back in reprimanding her for her crazy obsession with her weight .
Afterwards , Kourtney said : ' I 've been obsessing about this weight thing a little too much .
I 'm so embarrassed that I punished my body for a photo shoot . '
Kourtney and Khloe are currently in Miami filming their reality series - a followup to the original fly - on - the - wall series Keeping Up With The Kardashians .
However , all three sisters attended friends New Orleans Saint Bobby McCray and Khadijah Haqq 's wedding this weekend .
But things were a bit awkward as Kim , who looked stunning in a tight pale pink dress , was forced to deal with ex-boyfriend Reggie Bush , who was acting as a groomsman for the ceremony .
Khloe is believed to be on the brink of getting her own reality show , following her life with husband Lamar Odom , although a representative for E !
Entertainment Television has yet to confirm the reports .
Sibling rivalry : Kim and Kourtney pose with sister Khloe at the Beach Bunny Swimwear fashion show during the 2011 Swimwear Fashion Week in Miami
MIAMI -- Zydrunas Ilgauskas is following LeBron James to the Miami Heat .
" Once LeBron signed there , LeBron started recruiting him , " said Herb Rudoy , Ilgauskas ' agent , according to the South Florida Sun-Sentinel , which first reported the move .
The veteran center , who started playing for Cleveland in 1997 and has never suited up for another NBA team , expects to sign a two - year contract with the Heat later this week , Rudoy said Tuesday .
The two - year deal would come with a player option for the second season , Rudoy said .
" We 've agreed to agree , " Rudoy said .
Playing with James again was a major factor in Ilgauskas ' decision .
" LeBron was very encouraging and explained the whole situation , " Ilgauskas told the Sun-Sentinel .
" And , obviously , he 's my friend , and him being there made it a lot easier to choose . "
On his Twitter feed , James quickly welcomed Ilgauskas to Miami .
" Glad u are joining me in South Beach my friend .
Also thanks for the encouraging words big fella , " James wrote .
The Heat had no immediate comment .
They had talks about acquiring Ilgauskas when he was available this past season after being dealt in a three - team trade to Washington .
The Wizards subsequently bought out his contract and made him a free agent .
Ilgauskas is the Cavs ' career leader in games played , blocked shots and rebounds .
The 7 - foot - 3 Lithuanian was drafted by the club in 1996 and overcame serious foot injuries that nearly ended his career .
Veteran forward Juwan Howard , 37 , is also finalizing a minimum - scale deal to join the Heat , according to the Sun-Sentinel .
" Juwan wants to get a ring and he has great respect for Coach [ Pat ] Riley , " agent David Falk told the Sun-Sentinel .
" We 've talked to the Heat .
There 's a mutual interest .
That 's all I feel comfortable saying at this point . "
Howard made 27 starts in 73 games with the Portland Trail Blazers this past season , averaging 6.0 points , 4.6 rebounds and 2.4 assists while shooting 50.4 percent from the field .
They are just the latest names to join what shapes up as a serious title contender in Miami , joining not only James but Dwyane Wade , Chris Bosh , Udonis Haslem and Mike Miller , who agreed to a deal late last week that remains unsigned .
Ilgauskas told Cavs owner Dan Gilbert and general manager Chris Grant the news on Tuesday .
James played a role in luring Ilgauskas to Miami , and other teams were interested as well .
" His best chance to win a championship would be in Miami , " Rudoy said .
Ilgauskas was immensely popular in Cleveland , and expects to keep a home in the city .
" It 's hard , " Rudoy said .
" It 's been 14 years .
It was very hard for him .
I know that .
When he called Chris Grant and Dan Gilbert today , it was definitely a hard decision at this stage of his career .
But he wants to win a championship .
That 's how he made this decision . "
Playing as a reserve for the first time , Ilgauskas averaged 7.4 points and 5.4 rebounds last season .
For his career , Ilgauskas has averaged 13.8 points and 7.7 rebounds , and has played in two All - Star Games .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The corporate spying scandal at Hewlett - Packard Co. has piqued the ire of prosecutors and politicians , but not of Mark Pawlick .
The New Hampshire dad figures the allegations of HP prying into private phone records , tailing board members and sending computer spyware to reporters are just examples of how America has become a society of snoops .
“ There ’s probably more surveillance than anyone is aware of .
It ’s just a fact of life , ” said Pawlick , who himself has resorted to a little spy craft , installing a tracking device on the car of his teenage stepdaughter .
“ These things do n’t surprise us anymore . ”
At a time when your bank tracks how and where you spend every dime , the federal government might be listening to your phone calls and your boss almost surely knows how many minutes you spend on EBay , the notion of personal privacy is changing fast .
Advertisement
HP ’s scandal highlights how conflicted those notions can be , in the same way people tsk- tsk at the invasive tactics of paparazzi as they thumb through the supermarket tabloids .
“ The public has a double standard , ” technology futurist Paul Saffo said , noting that it ’s difficult for people to get riled up when someone else ’s privacy is under attack , particularly if it makes for interesting reading .
At the same time , though , “ we take it for granted we ’re being watched , ” Saffo said .
“ We all know we ’re being watched , but we assume no one who ’s watching us cares . ”
To be sure , there ’s a vast legal and ethical chasm between a parent electronically monitoring a child ’s behavior and a giant corporation such as HP hiring detectives to follow people around or pose as someone to gain access to their private phone records .
That latter practice is known as “ pretexting . ”
Advertisement
The lengths to which HP went may have crossed ethical and legal lines -- California Atty .
Gen. Bill Lockyer is weighing criminal indictments and the FBI is investigating -- but spying has become part of modern life .
And it ’s not just the big guys playing James Bond .
Women Google prospective dates .
Neighbors check what the house next door sold for on Zillow.com .
People use online satellite imagery to sneak a peek into the backyards of the rich and famous .
Hidden nanny cams record baby sitters .
More than 75 % of employers monitor what their workers do on the job -- and more than a third record every computer keystroke .
“ You really have , in a good and bad sense , a democratization of surveillance technology , ” said Lee Tien , senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a nonprofit technology advocacy group .
For $ 155 , for instance , nervous new parents can buy a wireless camera small enough to hide in a smoke detector to keep tabs on the nanny .
It even has night vision .
For $ 60 , Disney Mobile sells a kid ’s cellular phone with satellite tracking technology developed for the military .
Advertisement
Beth Givens of the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse in San Diego knows one man who is such a privacy “ zealot ” that he considers any piece of junk mail a violation of personal space .
But he volunteered that he would willingly do a background check if he felt something was amiss about his daughter ’s boyfriend .
Indeed , he even went dumpster diving to investigate the dealings of a corporation he had invested in .
“ People are conflicted , but they are in all aspects of life , ” Givens said .
“ They have one set of standards for themselves and another for others , including large corporations . ”
Pawlick , for instance , used global positioning technology to monitor where his stepdaughter went -- and how fast .
The tracker e-mailed him when she exceeded the speed limit or drove to parts of town he had designated as off - limits .
Advertisement
“ I was out there basically doing this to protect her from herself , ” Pawlick said .
That sentiment writ large has fueled a significant increase in the amount of personal data collected by the federal government in recent years -- and a certain resignation by the public .
A Gallup poll found in May that 4 in 10 people supported the National Security Agency ’s collection of phone records of average Americans .
“ In a post - 9/11 world , the whole attitude toward privacy and surveillance has had a tendency to trip in favor of surveillance , ” the EFF ’s Tien said .
The 2001 attacks and ensuing war on terrorists opened the door to heightened surveillance by law enforcement and intelligence agencies as well .
They increased taping of Americans ’ phone calls and voicemails and clandestinely accessed bank and credit card transactions .
Authorities are even using supercomputers to crunch enormous amounts of personal data and attempt to predict who might become a terrorist .
Advertisement
Companies do the same , often starting with background checks on prospective workers .
And people make it easier than ever , by posting personal information to social networking websites such as MySpace or pictures to sites such as Flickr .
An electronic monitoring and surveillance survey conducted by the American Management Assn. found that 76 % of companies watch employees ’
Web surfing and half store and review e-mail messages and computer files .
More than half the 526 companies participating said they tracked the phone numbers employees called and how much time they spent on the phone , and an equal number used video surveillance to counter theft , violence and sabotage .
The National Workrights Institute in Princeton , N.J. , said electronic monitoring practices were even more pervasive -- occurring in 92 % of all workplaces .
“ It is today considered to be regular business practice to be monitoring employees , ” said Jeremy Gruber , the advocacy group ’s legal director .
“ And oftentimes , that monitoring is of middle level and rank - and - file employees .
And it is almost always with the direct order or acquiescence of the executives of the corporation . ”
Advertisement
Fair enough , said Chicago law student Emily Ho , but “ I think it ’s all a balancing act .
You have to weigh security concerns with that of civil liberties . ”
Besides ,
Ho said , she routinely uses online search tools to look up people she meets -- including a man who asked her out on a date .
She canceled after typing his name into Google and discovering that he had been kicked out of college after allegations of date rape .
“ If you look at where we ’ve come in the last few years , especially since 9/11 and all the fear that ’s been trotted out to the American public , they ’re being softened for more and more invasive tech , ” said Liz McIntyre , coauthor of the forthcoming book “ SPYCHIPS : How Major Corporations and Government Plan To Track Your Every Move . ”
“ If we do n’t stop and think about what we ’re doing right now , we ’re in serious trouble .
It ’s already bordering on 1984 . ”
Except , unlike in George Orwell ’s dark vision of the future , Winston Smith has just as much power to spy as Big Brother .
And gadgetry is only part of the arsenal .
As more records move online , public documents that used to be a hassle to search become a mouse click away .
Advertisement
“ In many cases , information that ’s being made public is information that ’s always been public .
Information about home sales , deeds or legal actions .
But you had to go down to the courthouse .
Precious few people are going to do that , ” said Amanda Lenhart , a senior researcher at the Pew Internet & American Life Project .
“ But when information ’s available in a new way , in which it is searchable , it ’s very quick and easy to access , you do n’t have to leave your desk to check how much your neighbor ’s home sold for .
When it ’s that easy to do , I think more people are going to do it . ”
Sometimes , Ruth Houston thinks spying is not only appropriate but also necessary .
The 50 - year - old author caught her husband cheating on her when she inadvertently recorded his phone calls and found him having suggestive conversations with three other women .
She became an infidelity expert , founding an advice website and writing a book called “ Is He Cheating on You ? -- 829 Telltale Signs . ”
Advertisement
“ In this day and age , you ca n’t afford to be the last one to know , ” she said .
“ Snooping or spying might be the only way to find out . ”
It ’s hard to quantify how many times people spy on a neighbor or family member .
One
Pew survey by the found that more than half of parents said they had installed filtering or monitoring software on a computer to prevent a child from accessing certain websites or electronically retrace their footsteps online .
One Silicon Valley executive who recently came to Saffo ’s house for dinner matter - of - factly said he read all of his children ’s e-mails .
“ He said , ‘ That ’s the price of your freedom .
I get to look at everything , ’ ” said Saffo , recounting the exchange .
“ In that sense , privacy has ceased to be a right .
It ’s a commodity .
You buy it through your actions , like avoiding doing certain things or paying extra to have your phone unlisted . ”
Advertisement
dawn.chmielewski@latimes.com
alana.semuels@latimes.com
*
Times researcher Scott Wilson contributed to this report .
