Did you ever think that a counterfeiting money could be good for the economy and that the counterfeiter could be considered an economic genius or even a national hero ?
I received an Email from Nic Corsetti , a friend of mine , describing exactly how that might happen .
Here goes from Nic :
Let ’s say that I invent a printing press that allows me to produce counterfeit money ( let ’s say US dollars ) by the trillions – these dollars look EXACTLY like real ones , so no one can tell the difference , not even the government or the bank .
So I start off the first year by counterfeiting $ 3 trillion dollars .
I use $ 1 trillion to buy stocks ( jump starting the bull market )
I use $ 1 Trillion to buy U.S. Treasury bonds ( thus driving bond prices higher and interest rates lower )
I use $ 1 Trillion to go around to every neighborhood in every major city of the U.S. and start buying houses for 10 % higher than the listed price Obviously , this is a lot of work , so I hire a whole network of employees and consultants to help me achieve those lofty goals in a reasonable time period .
The apparent benefits would be huge .
Benefits
This will create jobs , since lots of employees and consultants will be needed to spend $ 3 trillion .
The stock market indices will soar .
Everyone 's 401( k ) and day - trading portfolios will increase in value .
Home prices will increase by 10 % overnight .
Interest rates will fall which will make it even cheaper for everyone to borrow money to buy new cars , upgrade into a bigger homes , and buy new gas plasma
TVs every year hoping against hope of getting to watch the CUBs someday play in the World Series .
The lifeblood of America , vastly underpaid Real Estate Agents , will get a much needed and well deserved infusion of cash .
The economy will be humming so fine that no one will care about the loss of jobs to India and China .
Cheap goods will continue to pour into the US and the CPI will show only a modest 2 % rise in the price of goods .
Additional Printing Presses
This is such a good plan , I decide to let some of my best friends in on the action .
So I pick twelve of my closest cronies and give them identical printing presses , and instruct each of them to buy stocks , bonds and real estate with their counterfeit money .
I tell them to loan the money to anyone who asks .
Now we are really getting somewhere .
The stock market will rise 30 % - 50 % every couple years
By buying massive amounts of treasuries , interest rates will stay at historic lows
Everyone 's net worth will double every few years if they just buy more real estate
There will be no reason to save money , because assets will just keep skyrocketing in value .
Wave after wave of immigration proves adequate enough to supply the homebuilding industry with enough manpower to get the job done .
So much money is made in the stock market that $ 50 billion in bonuses can be distributed .
Home prices start rising so fast that people start buying two or even three of them .
It 's a " ca n't lose " venture .
There is so much money floating around that credit standards drop and everyone who wants a home gets one .
So many homes are being bought that massive numbers of jobs are created in the mortgage industry , home builders , architects , real estate agents , title insurance , property insurance , home decoration , lumber , copper , cement , truck manufacturers , granite miners , brick layers , roofing , repairmen , industry analysts , home flippers , internet bloggers , internet site maintenance , newspaper ads , Wall Street specialists ( to create RMBS , CDO , CDS , Index swaps ) , hedge fund employees ( someone has to trade all these securities , and accountants and lawyers to keep track of all of the above .
There are additional profits to be made on Wall Street by investing in IPOs , private equity LBOs , M&A , trading , mutual funds , and hedge funds .
There is job growth in investment advisers , investment analysts , day - traders , media cheerleaders , SEC regulators , state regulators , New York D.A. office , and accountants and lawyers to keep track of everything .
Government jobs explode .
State and local governments get all sorts of funding for projects of all types – big and small .
This creates still more jobs .
Everyone needs a place to spend their money .
Shopping malls , strip malls , big box stores , specialty stores , boutiques and nail salons spring up everywhere .
People are so busy shopping they do not have time to cook .
This creates a need for more restaurants or coffee shops on every corner .
Even with all of that there is STILL NO INFLATION !
Cheap imports keep prices from rising and the best part is that those foreigners keep taking this counterfeit money as if it was real money .
No one can tell the difference anyway .
This goes on and on – we have really created a tremendous virtuous cycle where everything just gets better and better .
Everybody Wins
After a few years of counterfeiting I am quite certain that a " new era of goodwill and fortune " would be announced and that I , Nic Corsetti , would rightfully be hailed as the first Economic Grand Wizard to have permanently vanquished recessions .
But what ’s the catch ?
Where ’s the hole in this story ?
Is there a hole in this story ?
If counterfeiting is such a great idea , why is n't it legal ?
Actually it is legal .
Legal Counterfeiting
My name is not really Nic Corsetti , it is Alan Greenspan ( Ben Bernanke if you prefer ) .
My twelve friends are the 12 member banks of the Federal Reserve
My employees and consultants are the financial services industry ( Wall Street broker dealers , hedge funds , mutual funds , retail banks , and commercial banks )
Those printing presses are currently manned by me and my 12 friends
I ( Ben Bernanke ) hope these printing presses do n't break down and that people keep accepting these counterfeit dollars or this economy might implode .
This is my only fear right now .
proof "
contribution to global economic stability
Kasriel : Greenspan is a fascinating study .
Some day I hope to write a book about him .
Right now I willing to say he is the luckiest Fed chairman in history .
Mish : Greenspan is the luckiest
Fed chair in history ?
How so ?
Kasriel :
He was fortunate in two very big ways .
First off , he was fortunate to preside over the economy at a time when productivity was soaring and the global supply of goods was expanding rapidly because China had entered the world trading arena .
In that environment the Fed could create large amounts of money and credit without causing inflation other than in asset prices .
Synthetic Money
An Austrian Perspective
Weber : European Central Bank council member Axel Weber said investors should n't expect central banks to bail them out in the event of an " abrupt " drop in financial markets .
" If you misprice risk , do n't come looking to us for liquidity assistance , " Weber said in an interview in Davos , Switzerland at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum .
" The longer this goes on and the more risky positions are built up over time , the more luck you need . "
Trichet : Current conditions in global financial markets look potentially " unstable " , suggesting that investors need to prepare themselves for a significant " repricing " of some assets , Jean - Claude Trichet , president of the European Central Bank .
" We are currently seeing elements in global financial markets which are not necessarily stable , " he said , pointing to the " low level of rates , spreads and risk premiums " as factors that could trigger a repricing .
Poole : " The Fed can provide liquidity support but not capital " .
Mish Note : Nic Corsetti is a real person .
The above idea came in from Nic via email and was rewritten and reformatted by me .
Still , Nic deserves full credit for the idea .
Thanks Nic.
As " of the ingeniousness of legal counterfeiting , Alan Greenspan has been hailed as an economic hero and knighted by the queen of england for " " .
Printing presses do work ( for a time ) and Greenspan 's timing was perfect as discussed in an Interview with Paul Kasriel
By the way , so many others have acquired the magic printing presses that the Fed is now basically irrelevant when it comes to credit expansion and contraction .
Synthetic money is now being created in massive amounts in numerous places .
For example , GSEs are now running their own printing presses .
Want a $ 500,000 mortgage ?
Boom , you got it .
No one cares if you can pay it back either .
It is foolproof as long as home prices only go up .
Multiply that by the hundreds of thousands and it all adds up , and much of it done with 0 % down , and most of it based on the belief that housing prices only go one way : up .
The day of reckoning comes when home prices sink .
A collapse is now underway , and it has hit the subprime market especially hard .
Those credit problems are guaranteed to spread .
Some may object to the term " synthetic money " , perhaps preferring something like creating money by " fiduciary media " .
The important thing is not what we label it , but rather the general idea of what is happening .
And without a doubt enormous amounts of money ( credit / debt ) are being borrowed into existence with increasing leverage and risk .
Broker dealers ( via junk bond offerings ) have figured out how to create their own synthetic money backed by essentially nothing .
As yields collapsed increasing leverage had to be used to generate the same returns .
Such offerings have exploded along with mammoth growth in hedge funds all wanting a piece of the pie .
Some 20,000 hedge funds are now doing things with leverage because yields are too low .
Various carry traders have created synthetic dollars of sorts by borrowing Yen and investing in US dollar denominated assets such as US treasuries .
This has been building and building and building on itself so that no one even knows how many printing presses are actually running .
The day of reckoning on carry trades will come when the Bank of Japan is forced by the market to raise rates at a rapid rate and there is a mad scramble to get out of dollars and back into Yen .
Rest assured these events will be anything but orderly when they happen .
Initial sponsorship of " legal counterfeiting " came from the Fed and Central Bankers in general , but once Wall Street got a hold of the magic printing presses , things have gotten more than a little out of hand .
This is what happens when you have money backed by nothing and borrowed into existence .
This is also what gold lovers see when they recommend gold .
After reading the above some of you no doubt will be comparing this to hyperinflation and the Weimar Republic .
Instead let 's look at this ( as best we can ) from an Austrian perspective .
Money itself ( however one defines it ) is a claim on real savings ( a placeholder for saved goods ) .
For example , a baker makes bread , so what he actually saves is bread .
The baker only transforms his savings into money ( typically a monetary commodity that has a prior demand for other uses , such as gold ) because that 's far more convenient .
The baker can not actually save bread , as it would get old .
Therefore money , as such , is a claim on real goods .
Credit by contrast , is a claim on money itself , which in turn is a claim on real goods .
In our present system , credit claims on money to be paid back in the future masquerade as actual money and can thus be termed " synthetic money " .
In addition there is a " multiplier " effect .
Someone gets a loan and spends it on goods .
That money is deposited and is treated as money regardless of whether or not it is backed by real goods .
Via sweeps and still more lending ( see Money Supply and Recessions ) , the same money is lent out time and time again ( the multiplier effect ) .
This is the failure of the central bank administered fiat system : monetary claims proliferate beyond actual production of goods to back them up .
In a honest system , only actual savings would be transferred from savers to borrowers ( with banks acting as middlemen ) .
This " credit inflation " is thus fundamentally different from the " Weimarian printing press inflation " .
The Weimar situation brings about hyperinflation as the monetary unit itself is inflated in its physical form , as banknotes .
By contrast , a credit inflation that creates claims that masquerade as money is prone to deflation because the money needed to pay back the credit is in a shortage ( relatively speaking ) compared to the outstanding credit claims .
This does not entirely preclude an inflationary outcome .
After all , the Fed could in theory decide to monetize just about anything .
It could monetize defaulted bonds and loans , it could even go and buy up foreclosed houses if it is prepared to go the Weimar route in order to avert what it would deem a deflationary calamity .
As we have discussed in the past , this is unlikely to happen for a variety of reasons ( see An Interview with Paul Kasriel and Q&A on the Psychology of Deflation ) .
In addition to the ideas expressed in those articles there is bureaucratic inertia to the fear of losing wealth and power .
One key point in this regard is the fact that the Federal Reserve system is made up of creditors .
Those creditors will not like the Weimar solution because it would debase their credit claims .
This I believe is the message Trichet , Poole , and Weber were attempting to convey in Central Bankers Cry Wolf
The most important facet of all of this is that monetary claims very likely exceed the pool of real funding by several orders of magnitude .
When push comes to shove , this house of cards will eventually collapse in some way .
It is important to recognize that what is happening right now with stock buybacks , leveraged buyouts , and various carry trades for what it is : one giant Ponzi scheme .
This will end the way all Ponzi schemes end : when the willingness or ability of consumers or or businesses to take on more debt stops and / or when the willingness to further speculate stops .
When either of those happens there will be a mad rush for the exits and no more buyers for " overpriced tulips " will be found .
Be prepared .
Mike Shedlock / Mishhttp://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/
Sub - glacial lakes can affect how quickly ice reaches the sea
Together the four are as big as Lake Vostok , the biggest body of water so far discovered in Antarctica .
Researchers say the newly found lakes appear to affect how rapidly ice is transported from the interior of the continent to the sea .
Writing in the journal Nature , they say that understanding the interaction of lakes and ice is crucial to forecasting the impacts of climate change .
The four lakes lie under the Recovery ice stream in Queen Maud Land ( also known as Dronning Maud Land ) .
It brings ice from hundreds of kilometres inland into the Weddell Sea .
Polar pioneers
The lakes were found using a combination of radar data gathered by satellite , and records of an expedition mounted to the area in the 1960s on which scientists had used a pioneering ice - penetrating radar .
About 150 lakes have been discovered under the frozen Antarctic surface .
In recent years there has been a lot of interest in water under the Antarctic ice , for various reasons .
Biologists have been intrigued by the possibility of finding new organisms in ecosystems which may have been cut off from the rest of the world for thousands of years .
Climate scientists have become increasingly keen to understand the process of " accelerated melting " , where lubrication of ice flows by water and the disintegration of ice shelves could speed up the transfer of ice to the sea .
Speed merchants
The research team found that the Recovery stream accelerates significantly as it passes over the lakes .
Upstream of the lakes , it flows at two to three metres per year ; after passing them , at about 50 metres per year .
Two of the new lakes are only exceeded in size by Lake Vostok
It is the west of the continent that primarily concerns climate researchers .
Much of the Antarctic rock here lies below sea level , meaning that a warming of the oceans could lubricate ice flow on a significant scale .
But if sub - glacial lakes are affecting ice flow , that is something scientists will want to study further .
As this research team puts it : " The Recovery sub - glacial lakes and the associated Recovery ice stream tributaries have the potential greatly to affect the drainage of the East Antarctic ice sheet , and its influence on sea level rise in the near future . "
Another expedition to the area , part of International Polar Year , is planned for 2008 .
The Colosseum has long been used in death penalty protests
Italy launched its campaign in the wake of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's execution , which sparked widespread protest among Italians .
Rome 's mayor said the Colosseum , once a place of gladiatorial combat , was now a " symbol of peace and reconciliation " .
Saddam Hussein was taunted at the gallows and mobile phone video of his last moments appeared on the internet .
Diplomatic drive
The BBC's Christian Fraser in Rome says since 1999 the Colosseum has been bathed in light every time a death sentence is commuted in the world or a country abolishes its death penalty .
However , this weekend it is lit in opposition to Saddam Hussein 's death penalty and to the pending execution of his intelligence chief Barzan Ibrahim al - Tikriti and former chief judge Awad al - Bandar .
Rome 's Mayor Walter Veltroni said : " The Colosseum originally was a place of persecution and unspeakable violence .
But now it is a symbol of peace and reconciliation . "
He said the lighting of the Colosseum would be a sign of encouragement for Prime Minister Romano Prodi 's government , which this week began a diplomatic push to have the issue taken up by the UN General Assembly .
Mr Prodi has said no crime can justify one person killing another .
Italy presented proposals for a moratorium on the death penalty at the UN assembly in 1994 and again in 1995 .
Last July the Italian parliament approved a cross-party motion urging the government to table yet another moratorium proposal but this came to nothing because of disagreement among Italy 's EU partners .
The recent shooting at Virginia Tech was a very human tragedy , and it is human nature to immediately try to figure out who is to blame whenever tragedy happens .
However , instead of coming to the obvious conclusion — that the blame should rest solely with the shooter himself , who was apparently a very disturbed individual — certain media outlets have taken it upon themselves to suggest that violent video games are actually at fault .
This is nothing new — the tragedy at Columbine was also blamed on the computer game DOOM — but the difference this time is that there does n't appear to be even a casual relationship between games and the shooting .
Nevertheless , Dr. Phil immediately went on CNN's Larry King
Show to state that " common sense tells you that if these kids are playing video games , where they 're on a mass killing spree in a video game , it 's glamorized on the big screen , it 's become part of the fiber of our society . "
The Washington Post published an article that largely ignored the most disturbing aspects of the shooter 's character in order to focus on the fact that " he was a fan of violent video games , particularly Counterstrike . "
( The article has since been replaced with a link to a more well - researched article , but the text from the original article still comes up when searching the site . )
And anti-gaming crusader Jack Thompson wasted no time getting on television to proclaim that , once again , evil video games were responsible .
Thompson 's report in particular contained numerous falsehoods , including disproven claims that previous school shooters had " rehearsed for the massacre " using video games as trainers —
Thompson even said that one killer used the game called Super Columbine Massacre to prepare for the event , despite the fact that said game is a turn - based RPG and as such provides practically zero tactical training .
A closer look at the VT shooter 's life shows that he was an antisocial loner who wrote disturbingly violent essays in his English classes and had already made both students and faculty nervous .
He had been diagnosed with depression and may have had other mental illnesses as well .
To take a sick individual like this and blame video games for his behavior is completely irresponsible .
While knee - jerk reactions are a common response to any tragic event , the fact that video games are once again singled out for immediate criticism reveals a fundamental generational disconnect in our society .
The baby - boomer generation that continues to hold so much power in the media and government simply does not understand video games and perceives them as something dangerous and scary , much as legislators in the 1950s felt about comic books .
Gamers themselves report that they are much more influenced by movies than by games .
In the end , blaming new forms of media like video games , or even a " violent society " is pointless and wrong — violent deaths have actually gone down since the 1990s , despite the proliferation of video games .
The place to point the blame for the Virginia Tech tragedy is squarely on the killer himself .
If there is any secondary blame to go around , it might be more useful to look at how someone who was paranoid , depressed , and had violent fantasies did not receive the treatment he so desperately needed .
« Have you updated your buzzwords ?
| Main | ... so it takes less time »
Being Brave is Tricky
We 've talked a lot about being brave , and the idea that if nobody hates your product , it 's probably mediocre :
And we 've talked about the difference between incremental improvements and revolutionary leaps :
But being brave is tricky .
If your new Big Idea does n't scare the hell out of you , it 's probably not a new Big Idea .
If it does n't scare other people , it might be because you allowed the consensus ( or what you imagined as the consensus ) to smooth the pointy bits , buffing and polishing the idea into a nice safe state that displeases nobody and delights nobody .
But what if your idea really does suck ?
We can never know for certain -- some of the most important ideas have always defied logic , evidence , testing , focus groups , conventional wisdom , etc .
But if you do n't try , then where are we ?
Even if a Big Idea fails , that puts us one attempt closer to something that will work .
The Big Ideas that succeed are often the ones that would never have happened if something else had n't been tried and failed .
I do n't have a good answer for this other than one tiny piece of advice -- try to determine the source of your fear .
If it 's over what other people will say - - or are saying -- then you might want to acknowledge and ultimately ignore it .
Any good new idea has critics .
Many of those critics are smart , reasonable , sincere , not - afraid - of - change people who simply do not see and feel what you see and feel .
Should you listen to them ?
Of course ... with one ear , anyway .
They might have truly useful info you did n't have -- info that can help alter your course , change your decision , or at the least -- prepare you for more criticism to come .
But -- if we let the critics ( or fear of criticism ) talk us out of an idea we still believe in , the world will be more homogeneous .
Smoother .
Less interesting .
Imagine where we'd be if people throughout history had always given in to the critics ( or fear of critics ) .
Imagine the ideas that would have been lost if others had n't been brave enough to stand up against smart people who disagreed .
Nature needs change and diversity , but humans tend to favor the status quo .
Think about the times you 've said , " What a terrible idea -- that will NEVER work ! " about something that later succeeded and proved your perception wrong .
If you can view your critics ( I 'm not talking about the " who moved my cheese " nay sayers who fear anything new ) as people who are just as sincere as you are when you are wrong about someone 's idea , it might help .
They are n't trying to trash your idea -- they 're trying to help .
They might be saving your butt .
But they might be dead wrong .
If your fears are coming from that nagging feeling within - - your OWN little voice - in - the - head - or - gut that says , " something 's not right here ... " , pay attention !
But if your fear is over what others will say ( or are saying ) , sometimes you just have to say , " screw 'em . " ; )
Or as Apple says ,
Here 's to the crazy ones
" ... you can praise them , disagree with them , quote them ,
disbelieve them , glorify or vilify them .
About the only thing you can't do is ignore them .
Because they change things ... "
Every time I make a post like this , I 'm slammed somewhere for " glorifying the troublemakers and encouraging people to push their crazy , bad , stupid , dangerous ideas . "
I do n't glorify the " crazy ones " .
I thank God for them .
Yes , they might make mistakes .
But is that better than the alternative ?
[ Disclaimer : I 'm obviously not talking about the kinds of ideas where lives are at stake .
Different set of rules there ...]
Think of new ideas and progress like photography -- you have to take a bunch of photos to get one good one .
The more we have a culture that discourages and punishes all failures , the more we 're just shooting our future in the foot .
Posted by Kathy on December 5 , 2005 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d8345a42f769e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Being Brave is Tricky :
» Here 's to the Crazy Ones from Art of Mission
Creating Passionate Users is one of my favorite blogs .
Yesterday [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 6 , 2005 10:10:30 AM
» The Crazy Ones from the brand builder
Hop on over to Kathy Sierra 's blog for her post on bravery , confidence , and getting past the paralisis of uncertainty .
Very cool stuff , as always : " If your new Big Idea does n't scare the hell out of you , it 's probably not a new Big Idea .
If it ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 6 , 2005 10:22:14 PM
» Listen to This and Not That from The Blog of Dave5
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 18 , 2005 7:16:08 PM
» Listen to This and Not That from The Blog of Dave5
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 18 , 2005 7:39:00 PM
Comments
I think you 're right Kathy , thinking outside the box can destroy your life , or it can improve it and make you very successful .
I think the secret is a positive mental attitude .
You can't fail at least you stop trying , and that is why so many people is having afraid to think different .
Thinking outside the box can lead you to a very impressive success or a very impressive failure .
But at least , you are n't stuck just yelling other people on what they are doing , you are being part of something , you are out there doing what everyone suppose to be doing : you are changing things ( as you said ! )
I think the worst thing we can have is afraid to failure .
Because it stops us from thinking outside the box = we are death .
Hugs !
Javier Cabrera
Posted by : Javier Cabrera ( ClearYourMind ) | Dec 5 , 2005 12:13:01 PM
Good point Javier .
And what 's so terrible about failure anyway ?
When I started my latest company ( which makes people happy a work ) it was quite a stretch .
I came from IT to a new business area , an untried business model , untested products , etc .
In short : A complete experiment .
And I decided from the very beginning that I would rather do this and fail than not do it .
Obviously I would prefer to do it and SUCCEED , but everything being new there were no guarantees .
This has been a key decision that has given me great peace of mind and freedom to try out new , untested ways of doing business .
And it has worked out great , might I add :o )
Posted by : Alexander Kjerulf | Dec 5 , 2005 1:23:16 PM
Great .
Thx a lot ; this all makes really sense to me .
It `s very clever and intelligent , too .
So I will simply add my Buddha saying for the month , `cause I feel the additional value and usefulness : Faithful , Loyal and true to my word , I am steadfast in seeing things through .
Using this virtue , you can easily help and inspire others in an unbiased and altruistic way .
Rock on everybody .
Posted by : Dirk Hagen | Dec 5 , 2005 2:45:04 PM
For someone who is reasonably comfortable how they are , the cost of failure to them is usually greater than the benefits that success will bring .
If I live in a modest house , and start a business , the cost to me if it fails would be that I live in a cardboard box on the street .
If it succeeds , I might live in a slightly larger house .
To make more people brave , we need to reduce the costs of taking risks .
If someone carefully considers the risks , and starts a business and it does n't work , they should be able to get back on their feet again quickly .
For this to happen , people need to better understand risk .
Posted by : Richard Jonas | Dec 5 , 2005 3:16:57 PM
To quote these quotes from Mahatma Gandhi the great Indian leader which fit with the topic of the post :
" First they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . "
" Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes "
" Indolence is a delightful but distressing state ; we must be doing something to be happy . "
" It is unwise to be too sure of one 's own wisdom .
It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err . "
" One needs to be slow to form convictions , but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds . "
" Whatever you do will be insignificant , but it is very important that you do it . "
Posted by : Deepak Surti | Dec 5 , 2005 3:46:25 PM
Why the caveat about life - threatening situations ?
While nobody wants to be the one to make a fatal mistake , it is true that valuable lessons are learned in those situations .
That 's not well - put , I 'm afraid , but what I 'm thinking of is the enormous advances in surgery made during war ( MASH units in Korea come to mind ) .
While the situation is not something we necessarily one we wish to repeat , surgeons HAVE developed new techniques by trying new things in extreme circumstances .
Now does anybody want ME to try that - probably not , but any situation COULD be amenable to a new approach .
Posted by : Ric | Dec 6 , 2005 6:10:56 AM
Here is a nother quote , this one attributed to Lucille Ball :
I 'd rather regret the things I have done than the things that I have n't .
Posted by : Derek Andrews | Dec 6 , 2005 6:45:32 AM
Hey !
urm my problem is something more less then buisness mine is high school
My friends are spreading my secrets well i blurted it out thinking they wouldnt do anything then its got a whole lot worse now because they are going to ask the person if its true and im so scared of what they might do or even say for that matter .
but after reading all of this i have to ignore them and take the oppertunity to fix it when they say something i can cover it over and hopefully stop them from asking this person thanks for the help but i still dont really feel like facing school !
Posted by : tasha | Jan 4 , 2006 11:48:26 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Write Web Works With Me !
Are you a student ?
Looking for a summer job ?
Here ’s the deal :
We come up with an idea .
You spend the summer implementing it .
Google pays you $ 4500 .
The code gets released as free software .
It ’s called Summer of Code .
Me and others on the web.py mailing list have drawn up a list of potential project ideas .
My personal favorites are the stats package , where you implement a decent log analysis package for web applications ; a task I think both exciting , not too hard , and long overdue , and “ teh communicator ” , where you use Ajax push to build a web app that combines the best features of IRC and mailing lists .
But feel free to come up with your own if you think you have some good ideas .
( Or ask me if you have questions about mine . )
Once you ’ve got something that seems appealing , fill out the application form .
Describe the project you ’re interested in working on and set the organization to “ Python Software Foundation ” .
Then feel free to send me an email introducing yourself and letting me know about your application .
Applications are due next week , so you might want to hurry .
Once the applications are in , me and the other mentors will be looking through them and deciding which ones to accept .
So it ’s in your best interest to make the application sound compelling and you sound competent .
And spread the word !
You should follow me on twitter here .
March 16 , 2007
Mr Wolfowitz has faced calls to resign after admitting he helped Shaha Riza win a promotion to a high - paying job at the international lender .
The board earlier adjourned a day - long meeting held to consider his future .
Mr Wolfowitz has apologised for his handling of the situation which has drawn strong criticism from bank staff .
Despite the crisis he has won the backing of US President George Bush , who praised his efforts to " lift people out of poverty across the world " .
But the scandal has weakened Mr Wolfowitz at a time when he is facing controversy over an anti-corruption drive that has led to the suspension of aid to some countries .
' Possible actions '
The president must acknowledge that his conduct has compromised the integrity and effectiveness of the World Bank
Alison Cave , World Bank staff association representative
Wolfowitz statement World Bank : Have Your Say
In a statement , the World Bank 's board said it had never given its approval for a wage rise for Ms Riza ordered by Mr Wolfowitz , despite claims to the contrary by the World Bank president .
Mr Wolfowitz - a former US deputy secretary of defence - at first denied that he was involved in the decision about Ms Riza 's salary , but later admitted : " I made a mistake , for which I am sorry . "
He said he had been in " uncharted waters " in his new job and would follow the recommendations proposed by the board .
' Blatant hypocrisy '
The bank 's staff association said the pay rises and promotions Ms Riza received were " grossly out of line " with bank rules , had destroyed staff trust in his leadership and " compromised the integrity and effectiveness " of the bank .
In an editorial , Britain 's Financial Times newspaper called for Wolfowitz to step down .
" If the president stays , ( the World Bank ) risks becoming an object not of respect , but of scorn , and its campaign in favour of good governance not a believable struggle , but blatant hypocrisy , " it said .
Ms Riza had been a high - ranking communications employee at the bank 's Middle East section .
When Mr Wolfowitz took over at the bank in mid-2005 , Ms Riza was transferred to work for the US state department , to avoid any conflict of interest .
But rapid rises in her tax - free World Bank salary to about $ 193,000 - more than the $ 186,000 Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice receives before tax - have aroused ire among other bank employees .
Aid
The controversy comes ahead of joint World Bank and IMF spring meetings in Washington .
While facing press questions about the case , Mr Wolfowitz has tried to shift focus back to the bank 's remit of fighting global poverty .
He said the world 's richest nations had given 5 % less aid over the past 12 months .
" We have yet to see evidence of significant new flows translate into real resources for development programmes on the ground , " he said .
The agenda for the weekend talks will include issues including fighting diseases and the state of the world economy .
Kurt Vonnegut is dead .
So it goes .
Here is a track of him reading a selection from , set to music by parties unknown -- I like the music , personally , but if you do n't there is also an unaltered version here
Labels : barbarian hordes , pedants
In 2004 , Richard Davison , the managing director of Crompton Marine , and his girlfriend , Ellen George , were arrested after Spanish authorities conducting anti-drug smuggling operations seized a number of boats sold by their company and reported them to British customs officials .
The two were suspected of using Crompton Marine as a front for supplying high - speed inflatable boats to illegal drug merchants , advertising them as “ high - speed , uncatchable craft that have a low radar signature ” :
After the couple ’s arrest , a third party , Ian Rush , allegedly carried on their underground boat trade under the name Nautexco Marine and was also eventually caught by authorities .
Evidence presented during Rush ’s 2007 trial indicated that Davison and George ( and later , Rush ) were making secret deals for boats like the one pictured above : craft between 30 ft. and 60 ft. long , costing as much as £ 350,000 ( $ 680,000 US in 2007 ) , and featuring up to eight 250 - horsepower engines ( with a total fuel storage capacity of 15,000 litres ) that enabled them to outrun pursuers at speeds up 60 knots ( 70 mph ) .
The craft were designed with low profiles to avoid radar detection and were painted grey or black to make them difficult to spot on the water .
Crompton ( and Nautexco )
Marine ’s primary customers were said to be smugglers who used the craft for transporting drugs and other contraband between north Africa and southern Spain .
News accounts carried some additional photos of the craft in question ( although nothing in those reports indicated that any such craft had been intercepted crossing the English Channel ) :
The Inno gadget lets listeners save broadcasts
The recording industry said XM's Inno device , which stores music and divides it into tracks , infringes copyright .
The lawsuit seeks $ 150,000 ( £ 79,537 ) in damages for every song copied by XM customers to an Inno gadget .
XM defended itself by saying that music stored on the device cannot be moved elsewhere and only lasts as long as a customer is a subscriber .
Royalty talks
The Inno device turns a radio broadcast into a download service that resembles Apple 's iTunes , said the Recording Industry Association of America in its lawsuit .
The RIAA represents record labels such as Vivendi Universal , Sony BMG , Warner and EMI .
XM said it would defend itself vigorously against the legal action .
It added that the Inno does not let people download music on demand like iTunes and only lets listeners record radio shows as the law has allowed for " decades " .
The device went on sale in early May .
The lawsuit comes after talks between the RIAA and XM on licence agreements for the Inno device broke down .
The RIAA and XM are currently re-negotiating royalty contracts for radio broadcasts .
XM 's rival Sirius Satellite Radio recently agreed to pay the RIAA licence fees for its S50 recording device .
Chocolate came out top in the test
Couples in their 20s had their heart rates and brains monitored whilst they first melted chocolate in their mouths and then kissed .
Chocolate caused a more intense and longer lasting " buzz " than kissing , and doubled volunteers ' heart rates .
The research was carried out by Dr David Lewis , formerly of the University of Sussex , and now of the Mind Lab .
Chocolate beats kissing hands down when it comes to providing a long - lasting body and brain buzz
Dr David Lewis
Experts , concerned at growing levels of obesity throughout the developed world , warn that chocolate should only be consumed in moderation .
Dr Lewis said : " There is no doubt that chocolate beats kissing hands down when it comes to providing a long - lasting body and brain buzz .
" A buzz that , in many cases , lasted four times as long as the most passionate kiss . "
He said substances in chocolate were already known to have a psychoactive effect , but that allowing it to melt on your tongue could be the secret to maximising the buzz .
The volunteers , all aged in their 20s , had electrodes attached to their scalps and wore heart monitors during the two tests .
The researchers compared their resting heart rates with those during the chocolate and kissing tests .
Longer lasting effects
Although kissing set the heart pounding , the effect did not last as long as that seen with the chocolate , which increased heart rates from a resting rate of about 60 beats per minute to 140 .
Couples were monitored while they kissed and while they ate chocolate
The study also found that as the chocolate started melting , all regions of the brain received a boost far more intense and longer lasting than the excitement seen with kissing .
Although women are generally thought to be bigger fans of chocolate than men , the research found the same reactions to chocolate in both sexes .
Dr Lewis said : " These results really surprised and intrigued us .
" While we fully expected chocolate - especially dark chocolate - to increase heart rates due to the fact it contains some highly stimulating substances , both the length of this increase together with the powerful effects it had on the mind were something none of us had anticipated . "
You'd think people would be shy about kissing in a laboratory , but that was n't the case at all
Cadbury spokeswoman
Psychologist Sue Wright said : " Chocolate contains phenylethylamine which can raise levels of endorphins , the pleasure - giving substances , in the brain .
" It also contains caffeine which has a stimulatory effect on the brain .
" This would explain why chocolate can give people a buzz , and why people can become addicted to it . "
The research used a new 60 % cocoa dark chocolate from Cadbury , and a spokeswoman for the chocolate makers said : " You 'd think people would be shy about kissing in a laboratory , but that was n't the case at all .
We 're not talking about a quick peck here . "
The Mind Lab is funded by members of the food industry , although no firm can be linked to any individual study .
Your comments
The tests are not the accurate really because if i had the choice of kissing my partner or chocolate , I am sure the chocolate would win but if you gave me Al Pacino to kiss the results would be very different .
Sue Hedges , Bristol
In my opinion these scientists have underrated the effects ...
I 'd say chocolate is probably at least 10 times better than any other known form of stimulation in existence .
And the only thing better than a bar of chocolate is two bars of chocolate !
Katharine Arnold , London
Of course chocolate is better than kissing !
It is guranteed to taste better every time - which , in my experience , is more than can be said for some passionate kisses !
Deborah Carrel , Bridgwater Somerset
I can only draw 2 conclusions from that !
They ¿re not kissing the right person¿ .. OR ... I SO want some of that chocolate if it¿s really true !
Chad , London
From my experience kissing allways beats the chocolate bar , maybe Im choosing the wrong chocolate !
Kelly Gara , Cheshire
Obviously none of them had kissed my gorgeous wife .
Kev , Stoke
Chocolates kinda makes me fat though - but kissing seems to help me lose weight .
Calvin , New York , USA
You will always remember your first kiss not your first chocolate .
Musah Haruna , Slough
I do n't know , a passionate kiss , vs. lovely dark chocolate . . .
It depends who I "m kissing .
There are kisses I can still remember , but I can't remember a single bar of chocolate , and I 'm a choc-oholic !
Kathryn Leeson - Kight , Ex Pat British Living in USA
Well I am a girl and therefore a huge chocolate fan however recently I have found that I get a much bigger buzz from kissing my boyfriend , however this is a new relationship so that may be the reason why , after a few months I might have to resort back to chocolate !
Natalie Stewart , Lincoln , UK
A most interesting report drifted into my sphere of notice today ; a way of boosting life span in nematode worms .
We are complex machines , built from a constantly recycling pool of component proteins built into intricate structures and systems ; when proteins become damaged , that is wear and tear - grit in the works , the onset of aging , loss of function and the degenerations that lead to death .
Protein degradation and malfunction is a major cause of ageing and can be the result of attacks on proteins by other molecules .
One of these processes , called glycation , involves the spontaneous attack by sugars on proteins .
If glycation gets out of hand many proteins are degraded or destroyed – proteins which are important for the proper functioning of the body .
Protection against glycation declines with age leading to increasing glycation damage with increasing age .
A critical enzyme involved in protection against glycation is " Glyoxalase 1 " .
Using a model nematode system , Professor Paul Thornalley ( University of Warwick ) and his collaborators at the University of Heidelburg have shown for the first time that by enhancing levels of glyoxalase I the glycation process can be diminished and life can be extended by up to 40 % .
Similarly , by decreasing amounts of the enzyme they have shortened the lifespan of the nematodes .
Professor Thornalley will present the results at the Society for Experimental Biology 's Annual Main Meeting on Sunday 1st April .
" This work shows for the first time that this enzyme also protects proteins against damage by oxidation and nitration " , says Professor Thornalley .
The enzyme works by converting the damaging reactive products of glycation derived from glucose into harmless compounds .
" This implies that glycation promotes multiple types of protein damage in ageing "
You might be familiar with " advanced glycation endproduct " or AGEs , a class of damaging compounds that build up in the body over the years and that lead to some forms of progressive loss of function .
As one might espect , the process of formation for these compounds starts with glycation - more glycation , more AGEs .
In effect , AGEs are one portion of the root cause of aging .
Scientists have shown promising results in animals with anti-AGE drug candidates ( such as ALT - 711 ) over recent years , but humans have very different types and proportions of AGEs than even other , shorter - lived mammals .
One can hope that the result quoted above will be repeated up the chain of animal models in the years ahead , and glyoxalase ( or something similar , derived from this branch of research ) will prove beneficial to humans .
The odds are it'll end up in the same bucket as ALT - 711 and a range of other compounds , however - a lot of different compounds are tested and fail for every one that even makes it to the " promising but near miss " category .
It does n't pay to get too excited about studies in nematode worms .
Wait until the mice at least .
Technorati tags : biotechnology , life extension
Exhibit Description
Anonymous
C source code
Hoy filing
This is the source code for the CSS descrambling algorithm that was posted anonymously to the LiViD mailing list in October 1999 .
The C code was supposedly written by someone who disassembled a software DVD player to uncover the descrambling algorithm .
It was this posting that led Frank Stevenson to conduct his analysis of the CSS encryption scheme .
The code was subsequently included in an unsealed ( whoops ! ) legal filing by John Hoy , president of the DVD - CCA , in the California trade secret lawsuit against Andrew McLaughlin and 92 other defendants .
Guess it 's not a trade secret anymore .
More about that here .
css_descramble.c or shortest - anonymous.c or Videolan 's dvd_css.c or vobdec.cpp
These are different C implementations of the descrambling algorithm .
css_descramble.c , by Derek Fawcus , is part of the css-auth package , which is a component of LiViD , a Linux DVD player .
It is interesting to compare this implementation with the anonymous C source code to see how they differ in strategy .
Fawcus ' version uses fewer tables , and unrolls one of the loops .
Such a comparison is only possible by examining the source code .
Yet another implemenation , with only a single table , was produced by Frank Stevenson , and is less than 2,000 characters long .
A group of computer scientists from the École Centrale Paris have produced an open source DVD player called Videolan ; its decryption module is here .
Anonymous
SML code
This is a translation of the Anonymous C source code into Standard ML , a functional programming language popular among theoretically - oriented computer scientists .
Since the code is purely functional , the author of this translation , a Carnegie Mellon undergraduate , says : Coupled with the ML definition , it 's no stretch to think of it as a mathematical formula rather than a " device " .
Are mathematical formulas still protected speech ?
The student is taking no chances ; he 's asked to remain anonymous .
Mathematical
description and Mathematical
proof Another mathematical description of the decryption algorithm , by Charles M. Hannum , who writes : " The mathematical description ... is very similar to how things like FFT algorithms are presented in journals .
These are clearly scholarly works , and are vital to progress -- e.g. in the area of signal processing .
And yet , even an average programmer can easily translate such a description directly into code . "
Hannum 's description inspired Ralph Loader to use the LEGO proof development system to generate a proof that any CSS - encrypted text can be decrypted .
According to Loader : " a deep mathematical result called the Curry - Howard isomorphism ... relates mathematical proofs and computer programs .
Applied to the theorem I proved , Curry - Howard states that any proof of that theorem is in fact a program implementing CSS .
The theorem proving tool I used ( LEGO ) can actually run this program - albeit very inefficiently . "
Maybe theorem provers should be illegal too .
Merlin and Robby
explain Hannum's
decryption formula :
Javascript or
VBScript These Javascript and VBScript routines use animated Microsoft Agents Merlin and Robby to explain Charles Hannum 's CSS decryption formula to you .
You must access these pages using Internet Explorer after having downloaded the agent software and character definitions from here .
Maximize the browser window for best effect .
Animation courtesy of anonymous contributor anniepoo .
If you do n't run Windows , just view the source files to see the dialog .
page1.gif
page2.gif
page3.gif
Screen dump of the CSS descrambling code .
This is not the source code ; it 's a picture of the source code .
These GIF files are not directly readable by a C compiler .
However , a human looking at these images could certainly type the C code into a text file .
Or the files could perhaps be converted automatically , by an OCR program .
Are these page images considered an illegal " circumvention device " under the DMCA ?
Or , since they 're not executable , are they protected speech ?
new -language.txt
Here is an implementation of the descrambling algorithm in a new programming language for which no compiler currently exists .
This language , similar to C , was invented by Dave Touretzky .
Since the code in this form is not executable , it is presumably protected speech .
But if someone writes a compiler for this language , would Dave Touretzky then become liable for trafficking in a circumvention device under section 1201 of the DMCA ?
plain - english.html
A description of the descrambling algorithm in plain English , written by Dave Touretzky .
This description is not machine readable , but it can easily be translated into C code by a knowledgeable C programmer .
It could not be translated by a non-programmer , or a machine .
Is it therefore protected speech ?
If natural language processing technology advances to the point that a machine could translate this English text into executable code , could the text then be suppressed under the DMCA ?
english - and - c.html
Another version of the descrambling algorithm in plain English , but this time each line is annotated with the equivalent statement written in the C language .
This description is not directly machine readable because the C code is interspersed with English text and HTML formatting instructions .
But the C code can easily be extracted from the document , and this requires less skill than translating the English into C. Can this text document therefore be suppressed under the DMCA ?
DeCSS T - shirt
or
qrpff t- shirt
from CopyLeft
qrpff tie
from
The Digital Group
The source code for css_descramble.c was available on the back of this t- shirt from CopyLeft .
( Do n't try ordering from them now . )
Copyleft was sued for their trouble .
Also offered : " I am a circumvention device " t- shirt with the qrpff Perl code on the front .
The Digital Goroup was offering this qrpff tie , with the Perl decryption code .
Click here for a close - up view .
Are sales of these clothing items banned under the DMCA ?
Would merely wearing one of these in public constitute " trafficking in a circumvention device " as defined in section 1201 of the DMCA ?
css-auth
inspired
audio CD A CD called Circumvention Device offers " an MP3 compilation of sound artists and musicians from around the world using the css_descramble .c source code as an artistic element in their work , " courtesy of Chicago - based art and technology center Deadtech .
Tracks may also be downloaded directly from the web site .
DVD logo
in css-auth source
This DVD logo formed out of the characters in the css-auth source was generated by someone using the MosASCII tool created by Robert DeFusco .
The intensity changes are accomplished by changing the font color every few characters .
To view the entire source , click on " Select All " from your browser 's Edit menu .
Yahoo greeting card Someone sent me a Yahoo electronic greeting card with the source code for css_descramble .c as the message ( plus a two - for - one coupon for a Slurpee ) .
Yahoo greeting cards expire after 60 days , so this file would have been good through the end of October , 2000 , but Yahoo pulled it on September 13 after the Salon article referenced it .
2001 Onteora
High School
yearbook Erik Michaels - Ober included a piece of the css-auth source in his 2001 Onteora High School yearbook entry , along with a quote from Thomas Jefferson : " The people are the only sure reliance for preservation of our liberty . "
What 's remarkable is that Erik did n't sneak the code into the yearbook ; he explained his motivations and received official permission from the school to publish it .
The New York Times linked to 2600 magazine 's list of DeCSS mirrors in a CyberLaw Journal column published on April 28 , 2000 .
Such a link may be illegal according to Judge Kaplan 's ruling , although this affidavit by Richard J. Meislin , editor in chief of New York Times Digital , says it is " sound and appropriate journalism " .
Maria Farrell at Crooked Timber :
Our era is drenched in narrative .
From the beguiling flame spiral of neoliberalism ’s end of ‘ grand narratives ’ , to Trump ’s three and four word ( lock her up / maga ) ultra - short stories of destruction , to our helpless fascination with the far right ’s ability to govern by unverified sound - bite , to the fact that every shitty little marketer on the Internet now calls themselves a ‘ storyteller ’ ; story has eaten the world .
Our preferred form of storytelling is so obsessed with endings that we ’re convinced we ’re ring - side at the biggest , baddest , worst ending ever – that of the centuries of Reason and their faithful but unfortunately carbon - emitting Engines of Progress .
We love endings , revere protagonists , and not so secretly long for their mutual culmination in a fiery end of glorious and gorgeously terminal self - actualisation .
Our whole mode of future - imagining is a death cult .
We literally cannot imagine the world after us .
So , in the medium - term , I ’m working on a book - shaped thing about how we use story to actively imagine and build better futures than the nihilistic inevitabilism currently on offer ( especially from Big Tech . )
It ’s currently got a LOT in the mix – from how my abusive convent boarding school revealed the intimate relation between privacy and power , to how the English state ’s origin stories that justify state coercion and soften the peasants up for perpetual violence ( Leviathan , Lord of the Flies ) are historically and culturally contingent cries for help .
All that stuff shows how the stories we mindlessly reach for to understand how the world works operate as gate - keepers of possibility and crushers of hope .
Maria Farrell https://crookedtimber.org/2020/09/23/story-ate-the-world-im-biting-back/
The first commenter makes a fair point , albeit in a somewhat uncharitable way , by asking “ when was it ever not so ? ” — I ’ve argued before that narrative is the operating system of human culture , perhaps even the ur- technology , and as such it ’s perhaps less that “ story has eaten the world ” and more that “ story has been optimised and weaponised ( by capital and its death - cult priesthood ) ” ; I signed up a while ago to new journal - paper alerts for a bunch of communication science ( read as “ marketing voodoo ” ) journals , just to remind myself of the stakes and what we ’re up against .
( Also to provide some amount of fuel for the fire : as John Lydon put it , “ anger is an energy ” ) .
But that observation does n’t negate Farrell ’s point — and I find it interesting that we have the boarding school experience in common as the crucible in which the hypocrisy and gaslighting of power was revealed to us early on .
Farrell goes on to outline her forthcoming book - shaped - project a bit more , and the threads will seem familiar to anyone who ’s been reading along here for a while : critical utopianism avant la lettre , basically .
It ’s nice to know someone else is running on a parallel track … though I ’m disappointed that Farrell does n’t seem to have any other regular outlet for her writings beyond CT , as I ’d like to follow along .
Maybe she just prefers to develop her ideas in private .
I ’ve not been very public myself of late , to be fair .
I ’ve been pretty quiet here after the outpourings of the summer , which is as much due to the sudden busyness of actual full - time office - hours employment as anything else — though there ’s some of my customary season - shift malaise in the mix , also .
The autumn equinox always sees this child of the summer go through something of a physical and emotional slump , and while I ’m not that much further north than I was before , the seasons seem to turn very fast here in southern Sweden … and the shift in available daylight has been underscored by a shift to dull overcast weather , which compounds the vibes .
I ’m finding concentration something of a fight , and by using my climbing time as a measure of my physical condition , I ’m clearly not running at 100 % : it ’s like I ’ve dropped two or three grades in the space of a week ( though a straw poll of other climbers at the same place suggests that part of the problem may be some extremely sandbaggy post - summer route - setting ) .
I ’m a bit all over the shop emotionally as well , though that too seems a reasonable response to the circumstances : I ’m reading as little current - events news out of the Anglosphere as I can get away with , but the bleakness and slo - mo - car - crash vibes out of the UK and US is strong enough that it only takes a few drops to bring me down and stoke up the survivor guilt .
( I also think that the panicked and reactive tenor of the discourse — a message very much shaped by its medium — is only advantaging the death - cult , but making that point feels increasingly like remonstrating with a junkie who believes that they ’ll never OD . )
But the way out is through , individually as well as collectively — so I ’m doing my best to put the anger and the angst to good use , and use it as fuel for the work .
Which is probably why Farrell ’s post resonated with me so much .
Here ’s her closing shot :
The very least I personally can do as someone who knows a lot about tech and also , increasingly , something about storytelling , is offer ways to resist these bullshit framings and signal the way to spaces and possibilities that people better than me can build .
That ’s my life ’s work .
I ’m forty - eight and it ’s just in the last year or two taken shape .
All endings are beginnings and this is a moment when I feel we each need to figure out what we do in service of those who ’ll come after us into this messed up world .
I do n’t think despair is an option ; I think it ’s an unearned luxury .
But for some of us at this moment the life ’s work may be simply to survive , to endure , and that has to be ok , too .
It ’s a marathon , not a sprint .
Actually it ’s more of a relay race .
Actually it ’s not a race at all .
Maria Farrell https://crookedtimber.org/2020/09/23/story-ate-the-world-im-biting-back/
I recognise that sense of having found the thing that I need to do — not , to be clear , the sense that I can “ save the world ” , but the sense that I now know where and how I might push to contribute to the possibility of making a change .
I remember something Deb Chachra said to me a while back , about how we people now in our forties should really be preparing to pass our power and authority on to the next generation coming up , but instead we ’re stuck with trying to prise that power out of the death - grip of the Boomers … and I recognise Farrell ’s identification of despair as an unearned luxury , perhaps because I ’m crushingly aware of how I squandered my privileges as an adolescent .
So it ’s time to pay it back , or rather pay it forward .
It ’s very possible that my efforts will amount to little , or even less — and of course the opportunity to make that effort is itself a privilege comprising unearned luck as much as ( if not far more than ) applied hustle .
The only rational utility of privilege is to expend in it trying to make a world where privilege counts for less than it did when you started : just as the critical utopia takes the difficult and contingent path between the Scylla of dystopia and the Charybdis of solutionism , I have to find a path between Farrell ’s unearned despair and sense of futility on the one hand , and switching off and fiddling while the world burns on the other .
That I even have the bandwidth to do anything more than hang on for dear life is an indication that to do more is , in effect , my duty .
Perhaps that ’s just another manifestation of my narcissism , I do n’t know .
But as an old roommate used to say , you ’ve got to be able to get up in the morning and not want to punch the face you see in the mirror .
Selah — onwards .
The poop has hit the propeller for Microsoft over the past few days in regards to its Guidelines for Test - Driven Development article published on its Microsoft Developer Network portal ( MSDN ) .
Test - Driven Development ( TDD ) is a well - defined software design method that focuses on facilitating testability through loose coupling .
The loose coupling arrived at by TDD fosters better class factoring and subsequently enables vastly improved opportunities for reuse harvesting .
In addition , Test - Driven Development teaches software developers who are relatively weak in object - oriented ( OO ) programming and design how to use OO techniques and provides clear guidance for the employment of design patterns .
I ca n’t imagine another method that offers as much to software developers as TDD does in terms of effective design , extraordinary increases in software quality , and OO learning .
On Test - Driven Development and Agile , Microsoft seems to have has lost its way , lost its courage , and lost its ability to innovate .
By missing the Agile boat , Microsoft is missing a key opportunity to transition millions of legacy developers to the .NET platform through the enhanced OO learning offered to developers who engage in Agile development practices .
Microsoft is missing even more opportunities to rapidly adapt its software development tools to emerging requirements in contemporary software development because Microsoft is n’t yet harnessing the power of the adaptive design and delivery enjoyed by those developers and shops that engage in Agile software development .
Faced with a critical decision of innovation over stagnation , Microsoft has cowered into the old familiar waterfall approaches that ensure that its customers are capable only of repeatedly investing money hand over fist into efforts that produce utterly disposable software .
The practice guidance for Visual Studio 2005 reeks of outdated software development practices , and the Guidelines for TDD article is a shining example of how smelly things can really get .
A clear distinction needs to be drawn between mere test - first programming and Test - Driven Development .
This is a point that is largely lost on most developers new to TDD – and by “ developers new to TDD ” I mean those for whom the TDD lights still have n’t come on .
For me this period of darkness lasted for over a year after I had read Kent Beck ’s book on the subject .
For over a year , I had assumed that I knew what TDD is and I had assumed that I was practicing it .
Imagine my surprise when I realized that there was more – much more – to TDD than I had assumed .
Reading the main Test - Driven Development forum on Yahoo Groups , there was a lot of talk on a lot of esoteric software stuff that was way over my head .
Originally , I thought that all this esoteric stuff was just stuff that applied to Java developers , since at the time , most of the TDD people were Java developers along with a smattering of people using C++.
Over time , it became apparent to me that these esoteric issues in software design were essential aspects of object oriented design and are equally applicable to .NET , and it was through TDD that I learned that I had totally overestimated my knowledge of OO .
It was also through TDD practice that I learned one heck of a lot about OO , design patterns , component design , and application design and architecture .
TDD practice puts learning in high gear and keeps it there .
Of course , if you do n’t think that learning is part of your job as a software developer , then TDD is probably not for you .
And this might be the message that Microsoft is sending out regarding the kind of software people that far too many .NET developers have devolved into .
Rather than shape up Visual Studio to be amenable to Test - Driven Development , and in its ignorance of the nature of Test - Driven Development , Microsoft ’s marketing people have simply tried to snow job the developer community into swallowing a wholly different definition of Test - Driven Development .
And the very text outlining Microsoft ’s understanding of Test - Driven Development betrays its almost complete ignorance of why Test - Driven Development is effective and why it is practiced in the way that it is .
So , this is for the folks at MSDN .
Listen up … you ’ve already embarrassed yourself once , and you ’ve embarrassed your insider and MVP communities by association this time as well .
So here ’s more of the skinny on TDD :
TDD is a software design methodology .
It ’s not a software testing methodology .
As such , a guidelines for TDD document does n’t belong in the MSDN content tree for VSTS for Testers – it ’s a topic for developers .
TDD arrives at its design values by considering client code first before considering server code .
It uses tests to act as clients because it ’s vastly cheaper and faster to code a test method than to build an entire visual application to incrementally implement and validate a design intention .
Because tests are used as client code in the process of client - driven design , we arrive at the end of any given development cycle with tests in hand .
And in using tests as clients , we learn a lot more about the needs of testability , and how to factor our class libraries so that internals that would traditionally be hidden way down in the dark , buried branches of code are surfaced through design patterns and exposed directly to tests .
This in turn leads to more simple test classes and thus to greatly facilitated maintenance .
The smaller class factoring and the structural decoupling of these smaller classes via interfaces ( and sometimes abstract classes ) allow these assets to be more easily harvested for reuse .
And the emergence of the justification for OO practices like polymorphism and adaptation demonstrates to even the most novice OO developer where and why to use design patterns , and which design patterns to use .
Oh yeah , and because we base our tests on a well - known test frameworks like those in the xUnit family ( like VSTS ) , we also use our design scaffolding as a regression test suite , further ensuring the sustainability of our codebases .
Testing is a side effect .
Design is the goal of TDD , design for testability flows naturally from there , followed by de-coupling , and reusability .
TDD is a king among contemporary software design practices .
It delivers on so many measures of software development goodness .
You simply cannot achieve the aims of Test - Driven Development if you start with sweeping assumptions of the structure of classes before you set down the kind of code that incrementally validates your assumptions .
If a developer leaps to conclusions about design of a class or family of classes , he will have missed the optimal design of the class .
As the implementation of a class deviates from its inherent optimal design , implementation and maintenance costs for that class increase exponentially as the effort to cajole misshapen classes together into a system of misshapen classes increases .
This increase in cost an effort is compounded by the number of classes in a system .
Most codebases can’t sustain this pressure for too long and they are often disposed of and re-written entirely from scratch – using the exact same development methodologies that caused them to degenerate into entropy to begin with .
In TDD , you start with an understanding of what you need because scenario - based customer specification through stories or use cases tells you what you need .
You write down a set of things that the software should do to satisfy a story , and you have the cajones to admit to yourself these things that you have written down are purely conjecture until you get them into code .
We know that these things are conjecture because every developer learns about what he is coding from the first few lines of code he writes .
As he writes more code , more is learned and previous assumptions are either ratified or disqualified and the code is morphed to address new understandings .
We do n’t waste time on detailed design using any tool other than code because code is ultimately the only thing that can validate detailed design .
Committing to the pursuit of detailed design in anything other than code leads to waste .
Those design artifacts are ultimately invalidated by code and the artifacts are abandoned without ever having delivered sufficient ROI .
To quote Mary Poppendieck , “ Design is a knowledge - generating process , ” and because knowledge is continually generated during coding , then coding , as Jack Reeves pointed out long ago , is a design activity .
Coders are making design decisions with every method they implement .
They do design whether they use Test - Driven Development approaches or not .
Evolutionary design is the way that software is created .
It ’s endemic to the medium .
Software development is unlike any other kind of construction activity in this regard , and software development is like most forms of product development in this regard .
TDD simply supports the reality of software creation with a process and a set of techniques that are wholly optimized for the reality of creating software .
Visual Studio on the other hand , is optimized for the reality that customers are still willing to believe in material solutions to problems that are essentially intellectual in nature , and Microsoft marketing folks are right there to sell snake oil to the gullible .
Should Microsoft be held responsible for selling lack - luster products into a market that is snuggly snoozing in a profound yet comforting sleep of epistemological ignorance ?
It damn well should be held responsible if it is not only going to sell software development tools , but also prop itself on a high horse and hold itself up in the community as a provider of software development practice guidance .
If Microsoft cannot be trusted to do both and to do so with deep convictions to truth in advertising , then it needs to return to being merely a manufacturing company .
Ironically , the Agile development approaches that Microsoft so obviously eschews would have provided the company with the techniques that would have enabled it to provide support for Test - Driven Development in its own software development tools .
Without the influence of Agile development techniques , Microsoft is doomed to continue to engage in building massive , monolithic , tightly - coupled products like Visual Studio that cannot be quickly adapted to meet emerging market pressures .
In the case of Test - Driven Development , the unit testing tools available in VSTS fall short of the mark , and leave the NUnit framework and Jamie Cansdale ’s Test - Driven .
NET plugin for Visual Studio 2003 and 2005 to rule the roost as the leaders in tooling for Test - Driven Development for Visual Studio .
That ’s not to say that Test - Driven Development is n’t an interest for Microsoft .
However , Microsoft ’s lack of foresight in identifying the need to support TDD in Visual Studio early enough in its Visual Studio 2005 product development cycle and its lack of agility in adapting to emerging requirements for tools to provide direct support for TDD once it had become aware of the need to support TDD have conspired to leave Microsoft little recourse at this late date .
In fact , members of Microsoft ’s insider community repeatedly asked for support for Test - Driven Development in Visual Studio 2005 , and Microsoft was repeatedly publicly criticized for ignoring TDD requirements throughout its long beta and release candidate phase leading up to the RTM release of Visual Studio 2005 in early November .
Microsoft is so utterly un-agile , that it is n’t even able to respond to customer requirements that it had known about for a year and a half .
And this is a company that purports to provide Agile development guidance to the software development community at large ?
Ultimately , Microsoft caught on to the need to have a Test - Driven Development story for Visual Studio 2005 when it had already become too late for them to respond to the requirements .
Well , too late for waterfall , anyway .
So , at some point in recent history , Microsoft marketing folks made a bet that if they simply redefined Test - Driven Development so that it matched the existing tooling provided by Visual Studio 2005 , they would be able to claim support for tooling requirements for contemporary software development techniques and approaches without actually having to worry about actually having that support in their tools .
Going with the assumption that the software development community at large is as ignorant and out - of - touch as the folks in Microsoft developer tools marketing in regards to contemporary software development , they simply posted the atrocious “ Guidelines for Test - Driven Development ” on MSDN .
Guidance provided in this article fundamentally contradicts some of the most essential and elemental practices and goals of TDD .
If this guidance were to be put into practice , the practitioners would never glean the benefits promised by TDD .
Because the guidance commits to neither waterfall nor to TDD , its fragmented nature almost guarantees that a practitioner of these guidelines be doomed to software hell .
In waterfall - style development , a developer starts with sweeping assumptions about a class ’s design and might capture them in a visual documentation tool like a class designer .
If the developer were test - oriented ( not Test - Driven mind you , but test - oriented ) , he might then code some test stubs .
If he were using a powerful tool , the tool might generate the tests based on the code generated from the class design .
However , in doing so he would lock in his design at a point that is far too early in the development process .
Wrapping so much test harness around so many non-validated design assumptions would likely cause those design assumptions to be fixed into place .
Even if the developer had wanted to incorporate new knowledge into the design , there would be so many dependencies at such an early stage in the development that he might just as soon live with the junk he had just created .
This fixing of design assumptions in place too early in the process is one of the weaknesses of waterfall that TDD addresses quite effectively by providing practices that reinforce a very granular approach to incremental design and implementation .
The approach is granular enough to allow understandings about the code under development to be taken into consideration immediately when these understandings emerge .
Microsoft ’s guidelines specifically recommend an approach that ensures that the failures of traditional software development will be upheld going forward into the age of VSTS :
Step 6 .
Define the interfaces and classes for your feature or requirement .
You can add a minimum of code , just enough to compile .
Consider using the Class Designer to follow this step .
Step 7 .
Generate tests from your interfaces and classes .
A more ignorant approach to TDD would have been hard to come up with .
These steps in Microsoft ’s TDD guidance essentially describe nothing short of an anti-TDD process , and the whole document has the nerve to package up the guidance as factual TDD guidance .
It ’s truly a shameful example of the worst product marketing behavior .
Microsoft has so overestimated its own understanding of TDD and the developer community that it has left itself open to criticism from some of the most notable figures in Agile development .
Robert Martin has this to say :
Microsoft should pull these guidelines and try to figure out some way that the tool might actually support TDD .
Redefining TDD as some kind of waterfall , just because their tool supports it that way , is not very helpful to the industry ; and most programmers are all to clearly aware of this .
If Microsoft would like to win the hearts and minds of more developers , they ’d better try to figure out where the industry is actually going , rather than trying to drag the industry into it ’s tool .
IMHO they should look very carefully at Eclipse , and IntelliJ — especially IntelliJ .
Bottom line :
We do n’t need tools that help us do waterfall better .
We do n’t need vacuous process guidlines with 14 linear steps describing something that is not TDD while claiming otherwise .
We do n’t need to be force fed Visual Studio .
What we need from Microsoft is for them to stop talking and listen .
And from Michael Feathers :
The style of TDD described in the guidelines would have us jump ahead and write five , ten , maybe twenty test cases before getting the first one to pass .
You can do that , but it ’s like putting on a set of blinders .
When you do n’t have to formulate the next test case right after passing the last one , there is n’t much chance to think about improvements .
Worse , there is a disincentive to thinking about them : if you find any , you have to delete all of the speculation you ’ve hardcoded in the tests and interfaces you created in advance .
Right now , I hope that MS revisits their guidelines .
Yes , they have a tool that generates test stubs , but using it for TDD looks counter - productive .
Adding stubs to legacy code ?
That would be great , but getting in the way of the feedback cycle ?
Bad. Bad. Bad .
From Ron Jeffries :
The original article , at msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms182521.aspx , describes TDD as a process where you get all your requirements understood , then define all your tests , then design an object ’s full interface , implement the tests , and make them work .
It then goes on to explain how all these cool features in VSTS help with this “ TDD ” process .
The features might be good , but the process described is not TDD , nor a reasonable variation thereof .
Test - Driven Development was clearly defined by Kent Beck , and has been described by others , such as Dave Astels , and even myself .
It is a process where the tests are written one at a time ( though one might make note of some possible tests for the future ) , and the tests are used to help define the design and develop the code .
The Microsoft version of TDD is indistinguishable from a single - object waterfall model , to a first approximation .
Someone more paranoid than I am might conclude that Microsoft is intentionally trying to co-opt a perfectly good practice , pervert it , and tie it into mandatory use of their tools , which are , at this writing , about half as good as what ’s available in Open Source and commercial plug-ins for Visual Studio .
I prefer to assume that it ’s just ignorance on their part , but I ’m prepared to change my mind .
The article is shameful .
If it is n’t intentionally malicious , it is at least ignorant and ill - conceived .
It should be taken down and replaced with something that correctly reflects industry usage of the TDD terminology .
From Sam Gentile :
The Microsoft Guidelines for TDD are creating quite a storm of protest from people in the Agile community for very good reason .
They do n’t at all describe Test - Driven Development ( TDD ) .
They got it all wrong .
From Jeremy Miller :
No , no , no .
Autogeneration of the unit tests from interfaces or classes might sound nice , but it is n’t really correct and might not be all that useful .
It ’s also not Test Driven Development .
TDD is using unit tests to drive the design of the code .
One of the “ crossing the Rubicon ” moments in learning TDD is when you learn to define the interface of a class inside the unit test .
That ’s right , use the unit test to define the intended function of a new piece of code , and then write the code to make the unit test compile and pass ( ReSharper will very happily create the method stub for you ) .
I still do some paper and pencil work before coding , but by and large I ’ve found that I have better results when you are determining a class ’s signature while writing the unit tests .
Writing unit tests first will inevitably simplify the usage of a class ( because you ’ll want to minimize the mechanics of creating the unit tests ) .
I certainly do n’t think that you throw away traditional design techniques when you do TDD , but you ca n’t ever let the code and design get very far ahead of the unit tests .
Another thing to keep in mind with the autogeneration of unit tests is that unit tests do not map one to one with methods and properties .
You do n’t test methods one by one .
You test logical pathways through the code .
One of the key things to success in TDD is to very deliberately design for testability .
The best way to accomplish testability is to write code “ Test First ” .
If you design and create a lot of code before you switch to retroactively applying unit tests you ’ll often find that the unit tests are hard to write .
Also , you will probably not achieve the same level of code coverage that you would if you code test first .
Actually , let me put this more strongly – retrofitting existing code with unit tests is hard .
It ’s perfectly acceptable to spend some time contemplating the design before coding , but do write the unit tests first .
TDD will go so much better when you write the tests first .
My single biggest irritation with Microsoft ’s guidance to .
Net developers and their development tools is Microsoft often seems to ignore anything outside of the Redmond campus .
The advice they ’ve given is contrary to existing best practices for TDD that have resulted from experience .
Patterns and Practices team , are you out there ?
I know you guys are using Agile methods because I read your blogs .
Do y’all really buy off on the MS TDD “ recommendations ? ”
Can you do something about this ?
A number of TDD and Agile community folks have chimed in on this issue on the home base of TDD community at Yahoo Groups , ultimately driving curious traffic to the guidelines document .
Overwhelmingly , people who have taken the time to rate the document have given it the lowest possible rating .
As Michael Feathers pointed out about the article ’s rating on the TDD forum , it ’s a “ shame it ’s asymptotic to 1.0 . ”
On a related note , I will be teaching a free , all - day workshop on Test - Driven Development in Houston on Tuesday , November 29th .
Ironically , the workshop will be held at The Microsoft Houston offices , but not to worry , I ’ll be presenting actual TDD , not the MSDN stuff .
6 photos shot in about a two hour time frame .
to see the full 6 frames move your mouse back and forth on the flash image below .
He added : " That 's not what the N.S.A. lawyers think . "
The other official said there was " a very healthy debate " over the issue .
The vice president 's staff was " pushing and pushing , and it was up to the N.S.A. lawyers to draw a line and say absolutely not . "
Both officials said they were speaking about the internal discussions because of the significant national security and civil liberty issues involved and because they thought it was important for citizens to understand the interplay between Mr. Cheney 's office and the N.S.A .
Both spoke favorably of General Hayden ; one expressed no view on his nomination for the C.I.A. job , and the other was interviewed by The New York Times weeks before President Bush selected the general .
Mr. Cheney 's spokeswoman , Lee Anne McBride , declined to discuss the deliberations about the classified program .
" As the administration , including the vice president , has said , this is terrorist surveillance , not domestic surveillance , " she said .
" The vice president has explained this wartime measure is limited in scope and conducted in a lawful way that safeguards our civil liberties . "
Representatives for the N.S.A. and for the general declined to comment .
Even with the N.S.A. lawyers ' reported success in limiting its scope , the program represents a fundamental expansion of the agency 's practices , one that critics say is illegal .
For the first time since 1978 , when the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act was passed and began requiring court approval for all eavesdropping on United States soil , the N.S.A. is intentionally listening in on Americans ' calls without warrants .
The spying that would become such a divisive issue for the White House and for General Hayden grew out of a meeting days after the Sept. 11 attacks , when President Bush gathered his senior intelligence aides to brainstorm about ways to head off another attack .
" Is there anything more we could be doing , given the current laws ? " the president later recalled asking .
General Hayden stepped forward .
" There is , " he said , according to Mr. Bush 's recounting of the conversation in March during a town - hall - style meeting in Cleveland .
Microsoft to use nanotechnology barcode on Xbox games and DVDs
( Nanowerk News )
A new , nanotechnology - enabled color barcode system developed by Microsoft will find its way onto DVDs later this year .
" We use color to store more information , " said Gavin Jancke , director of engineering for Microsoft 's Redmond , Wash . , research labs .
Jancke is the creator of the new bar code format , which uses either four or eight color hues to pack more data into less space .
The new bar code also uses small triangles , as opposed to the squares used in the 2D black and white bar codes and the alternating thin and thick lines used in traditional UPC symbols .
Up to 3,500 alphabetical characters of data can be embedded into each square inch of the High Capacity Color Bar Code .
A company called DatatraceDNA will embed nanoparticles into the code as an anti-counterfeiting measure .
This nanotechnology will be integrated into the structure of the code and packaging .
When the material is illuminated under a particular frequency of light a unique emission spectrum is detected by a hand - held digital reader .
The four and eight - color geometric patterns can hold up to two - pages of data , double the amount of traditional black and white , striped barcodes .
Microsoft has said consumers could interact with the new barcodes , using webcams and mobile phones with cameras .
The idea is that after adding the new bar code , the coded items would offer added security or , potentially , links to a movie trailer or other bonus features .
There are some downsides to the colorful approach .
In addition to the obvious need for color labels , it also requires fairly high - quality printing , making it unsuitable for , say , shipping labels .
Standard bar code scanners also wo n't read the codes .
The color bar code , which is not intended to replace the currently used UPC codes , is being targeted especially for use on higher - value commercial media such as movies , video games and other recordings .
Microsoft said the High Capacity Color Bar Code ( HCCB ) could start showing up on DVDs by the end of this year , thanks to a deal it has signed with an organization that helps coordinate product labeling for audiovisual works .
One company to commercialize the new barcodes is DatatraceDNA , the DataDot Technology  CSIRO joint venture Company .
The company announced last week that it has been selected by the International Standard Audiovisual Numbering – International Agency ( ISAN - IA ) organization to authenticate the Microsoft Research HCCB .
The ISAN - IA , which coordinates a globally recognized identification system for audiovisual works , will make the Microsoft - developed barcode available to ISAN Registration Agencies worldwide for use in tracking , protecting and managing their audiovisual content .
The exclusive ten year , license deal between ISAN - IA and Datatrace is for the application of covert DatatraceDNA nanoparticle molecular signatures to optical media products and packaging .
The Datatrace signatures are invisible and can only be identified using the portable digital Reader , The Authenticator .
Perle says magazine betrayed promise to hold story RAW STORY
Published : Sunday November 5 , 2006 Print This Email This Richard Perle -- a controversial conservative considered among the architects of the Iraq invasion -- has rushed to criticize a new Vanity Fair piece in which he is quoted as saying he regrets advocating for invading Iraq .
Perle claims that he was promised the article would not be published before the Nov. 7 Congressional elections .
" I think if I had been delphic , and had seen where we are today , and people had said , ' Should we go into Iraq ? , ' I think now I probably would have said , ' No , let 's consider other strategies for dealing with the thing that concerns us most , which is Saddam supplying weapons of mass destruction to terrorists , ' " Vanity Fair quotes Perle as saying .
But Perle fires back in the National Review .
To read a full symposium of conservative responses , click here .
An excerpt of Perle 's response follows below .
#
I should have known better than to trust the editors at Vanity Fair who lied to me and to others who spoke with Mr. Rose .
Moreover , in condensing and characterizing my views for their own partisan political purposes , they have distorted my opinion about the situation in Iraq and what I believe to be in the best interest of our country .
I believe it would be a catastrophic mistake to leave Iraq , as some are demanding , before the Iraqis are able to defend their elected government .
As I told Mr. Rose , the terrorist threat to our country , which is real , would be made much worse if we were to make an ignominious withdrawal from Iraq .
I told Mr. Rose that as a nation we had waited too long before dealing with Osama bin Laden .
We could have destroyed his operation in Afghanistan before 9/11 .
READ ON ...
Gallows humor from inside Enron
As people work through the Enron emails that are part of
Three such examples of gallows humor from inside the company are the following ( I 've deleted headers etc. and am just showing the body of the message ) .
The first message describes a fictional company called ' Kenron ' :
Today we offer vast diversified product range , including office space in many major US and European cities , second hand computer equipment , and useless IT Helpdesk promotional gimmickry .
In fact we have the largest stock of nearly new Compaq and Sun computers in the world .
These products give customers the flexibility they need to lose all their money and achieve into the highly sought after status of suing our ass in a class action .
It 's difficult to define Kenron in a sentence , but our senior executives have been described as " incompetent " , " arrogant " and " a bunch of thieving bustards " by many top tier financial institutions .
We falsify commodity markets so that we can deliver physical commodities to our customers at a ridiculously unsustainable price .
It 's difficult , too , to talk about Kenron without using the word " screwed . "
Most of the things we do have never been done before , like going from a market capitalisation of nearly $ 90 billion to $ 199 in the space of a year !!!!
We believe in the economic benefits of secret , underhanded insider trading , and we play a leading role in ripping off our investors .
We initiated the wholesale bandwidth markets in the United States , and we are helping to build similar markets in Europe and elsewhere .
Shame we lost billions in doing so :-(
Every day we strive to hype up our share price to unrealistic highs , with the sole purpose of suckering the investor community and lining our own pockets .
Our passion has enabled us to completely mismanage risk .
No wonder Misfortune Magazine surveys have named Kenron the most innovative company in America for six years in a row .
Our emloyees think Kenron is such a wonderful place to work , thousands are leaving every day to spread the word around the world .
Knron 's four business units -- Wholesale Services , Energy Services , Broadband Services and Transportation Services -- ARE NOW CLOSED .
Another tackles the important topic of explaining Enron to your children :
How to Explain Enron to Your Children :
Feudalism -
You have two cows .
Your lord takes some of the milk .
Fascism -
You have two cows .
The government takes both , hires you to take care of them , and sells you the milk .
Communism -
You have two cows .
Your neighbors help take care of them and you share the milk .
Totalitarianism -
You have two cows .
The government takes them both and denies they ever existed and drafts you into the army .
Milk is banned .
Capitalism -
You have two cows .
You sell one and buy a bull .
Your herd multiplies , and the economy grows .
You sell the milk and retire on the income .
Enron -
You have two cows .
You sell three of them to your publicly - listed company , using letters of credit opened by your brother - in - law at the bank , then execute a debt / equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all four cows back , with a tax exemption for five cows .
The milk rights of the six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Islands partnership secretly owned by the CFO of the publicly listed company who sells the rights to all seven cows back to your listed company .
The annual report says the company owns eight cows , with an option on one more , and that these and certain other cow - related activities give milk , both realized and unrealized / notional , at an annual run rate of 1.54 billion gallons
Finally there 's an Enron - related 419 scammer :
Dear Friend ,
Good day to you .
I may have to trouble your sense of personal achievement and reward for an opportunity properly taken advantage of .
I am Mr. Michael Ramsey , a representative and an attorney to Kenneth Lay , the former chairman & CEO , Enron Corp .
Industry : Energy & Natural Resources
Home , is presently in jail and facing trial on charges of corruption and embezzlement of funds while in Power .
He deposited Twenty one million U.S Dollars ( $ 21,000,000.00 ) with me when he was in power as the chairman .
I am contacting you because I want you to deal with the Finance house and claim the money on my behalf since I have declared that the Funds belong to my foreign business partner .
You shall also be required to assist me in investment in your country .
I hope to trust you as a God fearing person who will not sit on this money when you claim it , rather assist me properly , shared in these percentages , 60 % to me and 40 % to you .
When I receive your positive response I will let you Know where the Finance houses his and the document 's to lay claims to the funds , which is very important .
What I need is for you to indicate your interest that you will assist us by receiving the money on my behalf in Europe .
For this , you shall be considered to be the
beneficiary to the funds .
The project in brief , is that the funds with which we intend to carry out our proposed investments in your country , is presently in the custody of a bank in Europe .
I do not want the government of my Country to know about the money because they will believe I got the money from the sales of Enron stock when he was the Chairman of Enron & C.E.O.
Once I have your details in full , the finance house will contact you for Release of the funds to your account
As soon as payment is effected , and the amount mentioned above is successfully transferred into your account , I intend to use my own share in acquiring some estates abroad .
For this too you shall also be the overseas manager of all our properties and you will be paid based on a certain percentage agreed on by both parties .
I guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect yoa from any breach of the law .
Please get in touch with me urgently by E - mail : [ email protected ]
I am presently in LONDON .
Please , provide me the following :
1. Your Full Name
2. Your Telephone Number and Fax Number
3. Your Contact Address
Best Regards ,
Michael Ramsey .
If you find more funny or touching emails then please click the ' Flag mail as funny ' checkbox in SpamOrHam and I 'll publish them .
As people work through the Enron emails that are part of SpamOrHam there are a few gems showing up .
Many people inside the company sent email assuming that the messages were private or would never be seen .
After FERC made them all public we 've all been able to see inside this , now infamous , company .
A new feature of SpamOrHam lets people reading the messages flag them as funny .
Three such examples of gallows humor from inside the company are the following ( I 've deleted headers etc. and am just showing the body of the message ) .
The first message describes a fictional company called ' Kenron ' : Another tackles the important topic of explaining Enron to your children :
Finally there 's an Enron - related 419 scammer :
If you find more funny or touching emails then please click the ' Flag mail as funny ' checkbox in SpamOrHam and I 'll publish them .
Labels : anti-spam Available Now The Geek Atlas
With this unique traveler 's guide , you 'll learn about 128 destinations around the world where discoveries in science , mathematics , or technology occurred or is happening now .
Travel to Munich to see the world 's largest science museum , watch Foucault 's pendulum swinging in Paris , ponder a descendant of Newton 's apple tree at Trinity College , Cambridge , and more .
Each site in The Geek Atlas focuses on discoveries or inventions , and includes information about the people and the science behind them .
With this unique traveler 's guide , you 'll learn about 128 destinations around the world where discoveries in science , mathematics , or technology occurred or is happening now .
Travel to Munich to see the world 's largest science museum , watch Foucault 's pendulum swinging in Paris , ponder a descendant of Newton 's apple tree at Trinity College , Cambridge , and more .
Each site in The Geek Atlas focuses on discoveries or inventions , and includes information about the people and the science behind them .
GNU Make Unleashed
230 pages of GNU Make from basics to advanced .
Covering topics not covered in other GNU Make books such as : eliminating recursive make , doing arithmetic , Makefile debugging techniques and more .
Everything you wanted to know about making real Makefiles .
Search Enter your search terms Web www.jgc.org
Submit search form Previous Posts
Help fight spam ; win a penis enlarger
CAPTCHAs fool humans 20 % of the time
What the Slashdot effect looks like
There 's one born every minute : spam and phishing
Interest in spam declining
First spamorham.org hacking attempt ?
HOWTO : ipod nano , iTunes , Windows 2000 , Ubuntu , VM ...
spamorham.org launched
Free GNU
Make documentation
Bayesian Poisoning paper pointers 230 pages of GNU Make from basics to advanced .
Covering topics not covered in other GNU Make books such as : eliminating recursive make , doing arithmetic , Makefile debugging techniques and more .
Everything you wanted to know about making Makefiles .
Subscribe to
Posts [ Atom ]
From : Carl Malamud < carl@media.org >
Message -ID : <200702272232.l1RMWJ1K021729@bulk.resource.org >
Subject : Congressional Hearings , Fair Use , and the Public Domain
In - Reply - To : < A13AF9C8DCE9E7499095C4447694424901AABC2E@c-span-exch.C-SPAN.ORG >
To : KENNEDY , ROB < RKENNEDY@c-span.org > , BLAMB@c-span.org
Date : Tue , 27 Feb 2007 14:32:19 - 0800 ( PST )
Mr. Brian Lamb , President and CEO
National Cable Satellite Corp. DBA " C - SPAN "
404 N. Capitol Street , N.W .
Washington , D.C. 20001
Via Email to BLAMB@c-span.org
Dear Mr. Lamb :
In discussing the issue of Speaker Nancy Pelosi placing a minute of footage from a congressional hearing on her blog and why this prompted C - SPAN to issue a " take down " notice to the Speaker , Bruce Collins , the General Counsel of C - SPAN , told the New York Times :
“ What I think a lot of people do n’t understand — C - Span is a business , just like CNN is .
If we do n’t have a revenue stream , we would n’t have six crews ready to cover Congressional hearings . ”
There is something else that people do n't understand , and that is that C - SPAN is a nonprofit business that has been paid handsomely for providing a valuable public service .
According to Guidestar , C - SPAN , doing business as the National Cable Satellite Corporation , had revenues for the year ending March 31 , 2005 of $ 52,437,531 and expenses of only $ 48,858,668 .
In other years , the excess of revenue over expense has been even greater .
Indeed , C- SPAN had stashed away $ 93,886,282 in total assets , a large part of which is in cash and securities .
( Form 990 ) .
In addition , the C - SPAN Educational Foundation had net assets of $ 2,591,238 on March 31 , 2005 ( Form 990 ) .
What people also may not understand is that C - SPAN is the primary beneficiary of considerable public largess .
The House - Senate Radio- Television gallery , along with all the individual committees , go to great lengths and expense to accommodate and support C - SPAN .
The Congress wisely does not break these expenses out as line items in their Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill , but to underscore the scale of the commitment , I would call your attention to the comments of the Honorable David Obey in House Report 109 - 139 :
The cost of the Capitol Visitor Center , first estimated at $ 95 million , has ballooned to over $ 500 million .
I have raised my concerns about this project several times in the past , and I continue to have serious objections to the current plan .
...
For example , the CVC will provide the House with little , if any , usable new workspace .
...
The current design of the CVC House space includes 87,000 - square feet of space , of which only 3,200 square feet is for hearing rooms where public business can be conducted , and even this is designed inefficiently .
This is because the real work of the Congress was not a primary consideration in its construction .
It was constructed in such a way as to make it ready for television .
The media room takes up two floors , wasting significant space , with limited room for staff or the public .
The chief value of this opulent hearing space , and the accompanying new Radio and Television Gallery , seems to be as a high tech propaganda tool .
In addition to a large part of the $ 500 million visitor center being an accommodation to organizations like C - SPAN , I can speak from first - hand experience when I say there is also a huge investment by the Congress in terms of equipment rooms , wiring , and other facilities that make your work possible .
A dozen public servants who staff the galleries and work for the U.S. Congress do nothing but help organizations such as yours .
This very significant public subsidy of your work makes the issue of copyright somewhat questionable .
But , I write today to you on a matter of conscience , not a matter of the law .
If C - SPAN were Disney , I might understand ( though I would not sympathize with ) a desire to milk an asset for every penny allowable by law .
But , C - SPAN is not Disney and you should not treat the U.S. Congress like Disney would treat Mickey Mouse .
C -SPAN is a publicly - supported charity .
Your only shareholders are the American public .
Your donors received considerable tax relief in making donations to you .
You and your staff were well paid for your excellent work .
Congressional hearings are of strikingly important public value , and aggressive moves to prevent any fair use of the material is double - dipping on your part .
For C - SPAN and for the American public record , the right thing to do is to release all of that material back into the public domain where it belongs .
I thus write to you today with a specific request and a notice :
Your inventory shows 6,251 videos of congressional hearings for sale in the C - SPAN store at an average price of $ 169.50 , for a total retail value of approximately $ 1,059,544 .
I am offering today to purchase this collection of discs from you for the purpose of ripping and posting on the Internet in a nonproprietary format for reuse by anybody .
I understand your store would take a while to process such an order and am willing to place it in stages .
I have purchased Disc 192720 - 1 from the C - SPAN store , ripped more than one minute of video from the disc , and used it for the creation of a news and satirical commentary of compelling public interest and then posted the resulting work at the Internet Archive .
I did not ask C - SPAN for a license and I assert fair use of this material .
Mr. Lamb , C - SPAN has been a pioneer in promoting a more open government .
You created a grand bargain with the Cable Industry and the U.S. Congress .
When I created the first radio station on the Internet and was asked why I did so as a non -profit instead of going for the gold like many of my colleagues , my reply has always been that I was inspired by your example .
Your grand bargain has served the American people and the C - SPAN organization well .
Holding congressional hearings hostage is not in keeping with your charter , and it is not in keeping with the spirit of that grand bargain you made with the American people .
Please re-release this material back into the public domain where it came from so that it will continue to make our public civic life richer .
Sincerely yours ,
Carl Malamud
CC :
Rob Kennedy , Chief Operating Officer , C - SPAN ( RKENNEDY@c-span.org )
Despite the icy cold and darkness , beneath the frozen surface of the sea in Antarctica thrives a rich and complex array of plants and animals .
But what will happen to all those creatures if global warming reduces the ice - cover , as is predicted for coming decades ?
UNSW marine ecologists Dr Emma Johnston and Graeme Clark have been working with the Australian Antarctic Division to survey marine communities along the striking coast of Wilkes Land , east Antarctica .
It 's now clear that ice plays a major role in the ecology of shallow Antarctic marine systems , by reducing light penetration to the waters beneath .
The team has found marked differences in the composition of marine communities along a gradient of ice - cover .
“ Protected areas subject to prolonged ice - cover are dominated by an invertebrate filter - feeding community of sponges , worms and anemones , “ says Dr Johnston .
" Diving beneath the ice in these areas is an eerie experience akin to diving into the deep sea . "
In more exposed areas of the coast , however , ice breaks out early in the summer and canopy - forming algae that rely on light are dominant .
advertisement
“ If global climate change results in more frequent ice - breakout and reduced ice - cover then these unique protected shallow - water invertebrate communities are likely to be out - competed by algae , ” says Dr Johnston .
Graeme Clark is completing a PhD in marine ecology with Dr Johnston in the School of Biological , Earth and Environmental Sciences .
He has just returned from his second field trip to Antarctica .
Graeme has been diving in water so cold that it is less than zero degrees centrigrade .
He used a custom - made “ dry suit ” and air supplied from the surface .
Returning to Sydney Graeme says : “ I ’m glad to be home but I ’ll never forget diving in Antarctica , it ’s been a fantastic experience that will stay with me forever . ”
Due to the extreme conditions of fieldwork at latitudes higher than 60° south , most near - shore coastal studies until now have been undertaken at a limited number of sites .
But the UNSW / AAD survey has sampled 10 locations , through a combination of boat - based and ice - hole diving .
This study provides a direct comparison of the flora and fauna in communities subject to different durations of ice - cover .
Together , they represent a suite of environmental conditions that are likely to be strong drivers of Antarctic rocky coast ecology .
THE AVERAGE American eats 12 pounds of chocolate a year .
That ’s about a chocolate bar every other day .
( I am above average , judging by the fact that I eat enough chocolate to deduct it as a line item on my tax return . )
To sum up so far : Americans eat a lot of chocolate .
That ’s cool , because we also make a lot of it .
We make everything from the inexpensive milk chocolate bars that you buy at the supermarket checkout counter to the decadent , limited - edition chocolate bars made from “ handpicked beans from a single hillside in Venezuela , ” for which there ’s a waiting list .
It ’s all basically made the same way : cacao pods are fermented and then roasted and ground into a fine paste that can be separated into two components : cacao solids ( commonly called cocoa powder ) and cocoa butter .
Each chocolatier uses different proportions but generally blends sugar , cocoa solids and cocoa butter plus the optional ingredients — emulsifiers , flavors ( typically vanilla ) and milk solids ( to make milk chocolate ) — and molds that into a chocolate bar .
A little over 100 years ago , Milton Hershey created the nickel bar , the first American chocolate bar for the masses .
Today , these small purchases of chocolate products add up to an $ 18 - billion business .
Like all foods in the United States , chocolate is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration to ensure that consumers get a safe and consistent product .
But perhaps no longer .
The FDA is entertaining a “ citizen ’s petition ” to allow manufacturers to substitute vegetable fats and oils for cocoa butter .
The “ citizens ” who created this petition represent groups that would benefit most from this degradation of the current standards .
They are the Chocolate Manufacturers Assn. , the Grocery Manufacturers Assn. , the Snack Food Assn. and the National Cattlemen ’s Beef Assn . ( OK , I ’m not sure what ’s in it for them ) , along with seven other food producing associations .
This is what they think of us chocolate eaters , according to their petition on file at the FDA :
“ Consumer expectations still define the basic nature of a food .
There are , however , no generally held consumer expectations today concerning the precise technical elements by which commonly recognized , standardized foods are produced .
Consumers , therefore , are not likely to have formed expectations as to production methods , aging time or specific ingredients used for technical improvements , including manufacturing efficiencies . ”
Let me translate : “ Consumers wo n’t know the difference . ”
I can tell you right now — we will notice the difference .
How do I know ?
Because the product they ’re trying to rename “ chocolate ” already exists .
It ’s called “ chocolate flavored ” or “ chocolaty ” or “ cocoalicious . ”
You can find it on the shelves right now at your local stores in the 75 %
Easter sale bin , those waxy / greasy mock - chocolate bunnies and foil - wrapped eggs that sit even in the most sugar - obsessed child ’s Easter basket well into July .
It may be cocoa powder that gives chocolate its taste , but it is the cocoa butter that gives it that inimitable texture .
It is one of the rare , naturally occurring vegetable fats that is solid at room temperature and melts as it hits body temperature — that is to say , it melts in your mouth .
Cocoa butter also protects the antioxidant properties of the cocoa solids and gives well - made chocolate its excellent shelf life .
Because it ’s already perfectly legal to sell choco - products made with cheaper oils and fats , what the groups are asking the FDA for is permission to call these waxy impostors “ chocolate . ”
Because we “ have n’t formed any expectations . ”
I ’d say we ’ve already demonstrated our preference for true chocolate .
That ’s why real chocolate outsells fake chocolate .
Nine of the 10 bestselling U.S. chocolate candies are made with the real stuff .
M&Ms , Hershey Bars , Reese ’s Peanut Butter Cups — all real chocolate .
Butterfinger is the outlier .
Granted , a change to the “ food standards of identity ” wo n’t require makers to remove some or all of the cocoa butter , it would just allow them to .
But really , why else would they ask ?
But as long as they ’re asking , the FDA does have a way for other citizens to voice their expectations .
It ’s buried deep in its website .
Until April 25 , the agency is accepting comments — by fax , mail or online — on a docket with the benign - sounding name of “ 2007P - 0085 : Adopt Regulations of General Applicability to All Food Standards that Would Permit , Within Stated Boundaries , Deviations from the Requirements of the Individual Food Standards of Identity . ”
I ’m telling them to keep it real .
She laid her leather jacket over a concrete slab , and she and Bill sat down , nuzzling .
Then she looked into the camera and , very cordially , spoke : “ I ’m Claire Adams . ”
“ And I ’m Wild Bill . ”
“ And welcome to a very special Men In Pain update . ”
Just like that , like the opener of some fireside holiday special .
They interviewed each other .
She asked if there was anything she should n’t do , any ground rules .
“ I do n’t like my ears being slapped , ” he said .
They started on an old stage in the armory gymnasium , rundown to the point of missing its floorboards entirely and gathering trash — a Coke case , a poster advertising youth boxing classes once held here — in the underpinnings .
There , Wild Bill was tied to a column and flogged .
( There are rarely story lines in Kink ’s porn , and acting is discouraged . )
His crotch was slapped .
Later , in the boiler room , he would be kicked and suspended from the ceiling on his back , like a hairy spider .
In between takes , after Wild Bill mentioned getting a little back pain , Adams would adjust the cat ’s - cradle of ropes .
Even as child , Acworth told me , he liked seeing people bound .
“ I would get an erection while watching a cowboy - and - Indian movie where somebody was getting tied up , ” he said , “ which I did n’t really understand . ”
For a long time , he experimented by tying up himself , alone ; he was shy and did n’t have a girlfriend until his 20s .
It seemed natural that when starting Kink , he would gear his company toward the subculture around consensual sex play involving bondage , discipline , domination , submission and sadomasochism — the B.D.S.M. community .
It was a way to indulge his own fetish but also a shrewd business decision .
With a bondage site , Acworth told me , he knew what the customer wanted .
Initially , his instinct proved sound .
But shortly after he moved to San Francisco to leap full time into the lavish free - for - all of online porn , Hogtied ’s sales leveled off .
Similar sites , often featuring the same licensed photographs , littered the Web .
So Acworth started producing his own content in his spare bedroom .
He would tether models to a homemade wooden scaffold , set up a tripod and film himself busily whipping , spanking and tickling them with various implements — all the while clicking still photos with a remote .
He wore a black mask and called himself Peter Rogers in case he decided to abandon the stagnating business and return to Columbia .
The ways online porn was created , marketed and sold were beginning to be reinvented .
Or , rather , they were finally being properly invented .
Even by 1999 , search engines like Yahoo were harder to outsmart , and Acworth ’s tricks for getting Hogtied ranked highly no longer worked .
He followed the lead of bigger porn sites , recruiting vast networks of “ affiliates ” to lure traffic to Kink ’s sites with smartly placed ads , galleries of free samples , spam or other means .
The industry ’s first affiliates were hobbyists , amateur connoisseurs collecting their favorite online porn in galleries or directing others toward it in newsgroups .
Today it ’s a competitive industry in its own right , with self - employed , stay - at - home entrepreneurs using a variety of increasingly sophisticated advertising tools .
Companies like Kink or Naughty America — another prominent suite of porn sites with far more conventional content ( errant secretaries , hair - twirling co-eds ) — now work with invisible sales forces of tens of thousands of affiliates .
But in those early years , with credit - card numbers circulating among unscrupulous Web masters and affiliates , various frauds proliferated .
Prime among them was “ credit - card banging , ” whereby a person subscribing to one site might find he has been charged for a slew of others .
For their part , customers found that they could easily repudiate charges they had authorized ; Internet porn involved no physical delivery , and card companies , apt to take the nice suburban husband ’s word over the pornographer ’s , frequently issued chargebacks .
Such headaches were not limited to porn .
But porn was one of the few things being rampantly bought and sold online , and the financial sector , which had n’t yet worked out a viable system for e-commerce , scrambled to develop one on the fly .
Many banks and credit - card companies , including American Express , refused to deal with porn ; others steadily introduced stiffer regulations and fees for high - risk industries .
A site with more than 2.5 percent of its purchases charged back could be subject to closer oversight and penalties ; eventually , its merchant account , and thus its ability to process credit cards , might be revoked .
Soon , the standard allowable chargeback ratio lowered to 1 percent .
Third - party billing companies stepped in to process the charges through their own merchant accounts , but they routinely take 15 percent or more of each transaction .
( Paypal , which charged as little as 2.9 percent , ceased dealing with porn in 2002 . )
For the typical , sloppy amateur — the lackluster guy with a digital camera and some lady friends — billing suddenly became a nightmare .
“ And without billing , it just do n’t work , ” says Gary Kremen , who founded both the porn site Sex.com and the dating site Match.com in the mid-’90s .
“ Because what are you going to do , send money in the mail ? ”
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Krakow , the Seaside and IronPython
For the last two days I 've been at the Polish Academic Student Conference in Krakow .
I gave a talk on IronPython and Windows forms yesterday .
Basically it was a longer and modified version of the talk we gave at PyCon .
It went ok ( talking whilst typing is difficult ) , and hopefully I will be able to link to a video of the talk soon .
There were actually a few more people at the talk than at the PyCon one , and of course very few of them had experience of Python .
You can view the longer presentation at :
Many thanks to the organisers of the conference who have been very good at looking after the speakers .
Of course the best thing about conferences is all the great people you get to meet .
This is Jan Szumiec the organiser of the conference , Lukas Renggli a lead developer of Seaside and me .
Seaside is a very interesting web framework that uses continuations , and is written in Smalltalk ( the Squeak flavour of smalltalk ) .
Lukas is fun , and a few of us have had a smalltalk tutorial from him .
Having now written some Smalltalk I feel like I understand Ruby a bit better !
( Andrzej will be pleased . )
Personally I think the syntax looks like a train wreck , but the language is very flexible and very interesting .
It would probably be possible to port Seaside to stackless Python , someone definitely ought to give it a go .
Another interesting thing about Smalltalk ( or Squeak in particular ) is that you develop in a live environment ( an image based environment ) ; editing a class changes all instances of that object .
It is a very different development environment .
It would n't be too hard to reproduce this environment for Python .
You would need to produce an object browser ( using the garbage collector to keep track of your instances ) and re-evaluate class definition and swap out the class of instances when you make changes .
Writing the browser would be the hardest part - and you would need to work on the persistence layer to persist and reload images .
If I was n't so busy I might be tempted ...
Ola Bini , one of the core JRuby developers is here , and is also a great guy .
The JRuby guys have gone through a lot of the same trials that the IronPython guys have .
They have solved the problem of creating classes that Java can consume ( which the IronPython team have n't solved ) by creating proxy classes on the fly ( which call back into the JRuby engine ) .
IronPython needs this !
Whilst I 'm here I 've been looking at the System .
Reflection API and it certainly is n't an insoluble problem .
Note
In actually got it wrong about the JRuby capabilities .
They generate the proxy objects for handling subclassing of Java classes , which you can also do in IronPython .
I 've been looking at Reflection .
Emit though , and it looks like there is a fairly straightforward route to generating new class / method objects ( so long as I do n't bother to handle all the nasty corner cases ) .
I would do it by generating two assemblies per module , one with the stub classes and one with the IronPython classes .
The assembly containing the IronPython classes would have to be called through the IronPython engine and have a clean API for creating and accessing instances .
In order to generate the .NET classes you would need to annotate methods with a type signature for both calling and return values .
Attributes on the IronPython side would need to be properties on the .NET side .
I 've done some playing with Reflection .
Emit and I 'd love to do more - but I really should n't .
Andrzej on Test Driven Development
My colleague Andrzej has done a new blog entry on Test Driven Development :
He goes through adding a new feature to Tabbed Images the TDD way .
The basic steps are :
Specifying the requirements
' Spiking ' to work out how to implement the feature ,
Writing a user story in English
Turning the user story into a functional test
Finally , implementing the feature ( including appropriate unit tests )
Embedding IronPython
I 've put another IronPython article up .
It is a simple example of embedding the IronPython engine into a dotnet application .
Embedding IronPython
In this example ( taken from the Tabbed Image Viewer ) IronPython is embedded in C# to create a custom executable .
Tonight I 'm leaving to attend a Polish Academic Student Conference , to talk about IronPython .
Hopefully see you there .
Oh - and if you 're interested in the possibility of being an intern at Resolver this summer , stay tuned for an announcement about how to apply soon .
Compiling Dynamic Languages
I have n't heard much buzz about this amongst the Python community :
This is a video presentation from Raj Bandyopadhyay exploring the compiling of dynamic languages , by translating Python into OCaml ( which can then be compiled to native code ) .
From the presentation :
Our thesis is that dynamic languages like Python can be effectively compiled by translation to statically typed functional languages like OCaml .
Not only that , but this approach is highly amenable to formal verification .
This , in fact , entails developing a formal semantics for the dynamic language .
The talk described ongoing efforts to demonstrate this strategy in the concrete case of compiling Python using OCaml .
After explaining why statically typed functional languages like OCaml may play an important role in compiling dynamic languages , we describe our progress to date in understanding the semantics of Python and in devising a correct translation into OCaml .
At the time of writing this abstract , preliminary performance measurement were quite encouraging .
I have heard the comment that he has only implemented the ' easy parts ' of the language , which currently yields about a 2 x speed - up .
By the time he has implemented some of the harder ( read ' more dynamic ' ) parts of the language this speedup may have evaporated .
Deadman Vista
This photo was taken from literally one of the ' high points ' of our US road trip .
As the picture says .
what 's in a name ?
This was one of the scenic view points in the Ouachita ( pronounced Washita ) Mountains .
At some point I may get round to making a gallery of some of the other pictures from our trip ...
The only disappointment from the journey was that we did n't see a single gun .
What is America , after all , if not the land of freedom and lethal weapons ?
Doctest or Unittest ?
Martijn Faassen has posted an interesting comment on doctests to my entry on Python and testing .
He feels that doctests are generally better than unittests .
I think I disagree ( but it is a matter of personal taste , and hardly a big deal so long as you are testing ) .
The reasons he gives are :
Doctests serve as developer documentation
Writing API documentation first also forces you to think clearly about your API design
Doctests are more readable
There is a lot that is good is that .
A long while ago ( at least in my history as a developer ) I wrote a short piece about Document Driven Design .
I 'm a great fan of documentation , I quite enjoy writing it and I can't stand using projects with missing , incomplete or out of date documentation .
However , I am also a great fan of the test coverage you get when you do TDD : at Resolver this means a three to one ratio of test code to production code .
This is incompatible with having doctests in your production code files ( unless you 're insane ... ) .
Having doctests in a separate file seems to be a bit odd , unless like Matijn you believe they are more readable than unittests .
I do n't see how this would fit easily with mocking out dependencies to do true unit testing though .
At Resolver we rarely use comments in our code .
The principle is that if the code is n't readable ( you ca n't tell what it is doing just by looking at it ) , then it needs refactoring .
We occasionally comment things that are unavoidably complex .
Another good principle is that you should test all the important functionality of your ' units ' .
In this way , your tests act as a specification for your code .
We try to use a naming convention like :
testThisMethodShouldPerformThisFunction
Given just the tests ( or even the test names ! ) you should have a complete specification for the code , so they also serve as documentation of a kind .
It is important that your tests are also readable .
The downside is that we have no user documentation for Resolver yet .
As Resolver is due to go to our first customers soon , this is a bit of a lack ...
More Projects Using ConfigObj
Every now and then I google around to see if ConfigObj is being used somewhere I have n't seen yet .
This time I 've found several projects using ConfigObj that I have n't seen before :
CryptoBox
A very interesting looking Debian based Live - CD which supports storing data using an encrypted harddisk ; usable even by non technical users .
I 've seen this before - but they 've gone upmarket with their website .
Py - notify A Python package providing tools for implementing Observer programming pattern .
These tools include signals , conditions and variables .
Coherence Coherence is a framework written in Python enabling your application to participate in digital living networks , at the moment primarily the UPnP universe .
Twisted - Goodies Twisted - Goodies is a package of miscellaneous add - ons and improvements to the Twisted asynchronous processing framework .
Jabbim A Jabber / XMPP client , written with Python and QT 4.2 .
FluidVoice Fluid Voice is a way to locally connect a set of terminals where at least one of them has a ( satellite or cellular ) phone connection to the rest of the world .
Any of the terminals on the network can access the telco connections seamlessly .
Vista Simulator
Want to try Vista , but do n't want it to take over your machine ?
Try the following Vista simulator advice , from BOFH :
" ... I run a Vista simulator . "
" Virtual Server ? " the Boss asks .
" Nah , I just turned on all the flashy crap in XP , changed the background image , took some memory out of my box and clocked down the CPU .
Then broke Media player .
Works like a charm . "
" So you do n't like it ? "
" No .
But it has does have one advantage . "
" What 's that ? "
" It causes a clean reinstall of XP which is generally good from a defrag point of view . "
Python Community , Rails Community , Beautiful Code and the Testing Culture
PyCon was great : I simply do n't have enough superlatives to express how much I enjoyed it .
It was also the largest PyCon yet with almost six hundred attendees .
Not wanting to put a dampener on this achievement , but to put it into perspective , this year 's Rails conference has twelve hundred attendees .
This post is a bit of a ramble about the Python community , the Rails community and testing .
It is of course inspired by ( or perhaps more properly the fault of ) my colleague Andrzej .
He is one of a select breed ( but by no means the only one ) : he is a member of both the Python community and the Ruby community .
He discovered Ruby ( which I conflate in this post with Rails ; without apology or explanation ) a few years ago as he was moving towards more agile development techniques .
Needless to say he fell in love with it and has done commercial and private web development with it ever since .
He also started programming with Python almost a year ago when he took a job with Resolver .
( So his practical experience of Python is basically with IronPython . )
Andrzej is n't a language zealot , he can appreciate the strengths and weaknesses of both languages - and let 's face it , they have more in common than they have differences .
Note I attended a BoF ( well , most of it , do I use too many parentheses ? ) on Python advocacy .
I think the wild success of the deliberate and aggressive Ruby marketing has awakened the Python community to the need to get our message heard .
Andrzej attributes the success of the Ruby marketing to the fact that they picked a very deliberate target audience : Java programmers .
Their message was clear , programming with Ruby will save you from your Java nightmare .
This was negative , but struck a chord and was very successful ( and equally applies to Python of course ) .
Unfortunately we can't just pick the same strategy , by the time you see a bandwagon it 's too late .
Andrzej has n't done web development with Python , although he does read with interest about Django and the other web development frameworks .
At PyCon we attended the talk on WSGI , because it has no Ruby equivalent and I 've obviously failed to explain it , and a talk on SQLAlchemy .
It 's fair to say that SQLAlchemy and related Python projects are at least in part inspired by the success and expressiveness of ActiveRecord for Rails .
One of the features provided by Rails is ' migrations ' .
I do n't understand all the details , but it is basically a tool that allows you to dynamically refactor your database schema and related code .
Andrzej says that having used it he could n't imagine undertaking a large project without this .
At the SQLAlchemy talk he asked if migrations were available .
The response was along the lines of ' no , but some of the migrations features are available as a plugin ' .
The reason they 're not in the core is because apparently they 're dangerous , meaning that some programmers who did n't have backups lost their data ...
Andrzej wonders if that reflects , at least in part , the difference between the Python and the Ruby philosophies ?
He also has n't yet seen a compelling reason to shift his web development from Ruby to Python , and perhaps has a compelling reason not to .
That aside , despite appreciating both languages , Andrzej feels that he learns more from the Ruby community .
I mentioned earlier that Andrzej is n't a language zealot .
He is a zealot for agile development techniques .
What he appreciates about both Ruby and Python is that they are languages that assist and encourage in the production of beautiful and elegant code .
He cares about the beauty of his code , ugly code offends him .
This is something that I started to appreciate with Python , and why I fell in love with it .
It is also what makes the art of software creation so beguiling .
Not only can we solve problems , but we can do so in ways that are elegant .
Beautiful code is easier to understand , is a clearer expression of the programmers intention ( a concise encapsulation of concepts ) , and is therefore more reliable and easier to maintain .
This is why domain specific languages are important .
They emphasise that code should be the clearest expression of meaning possible , and this is often exemplified in the declarative style .
You write code that says what you mean , and then provide a framework which interprets this in ways the computer can understand .
See this blog entry , about a PyCon talk , for an example of writing a DSL with Python .
For Andrzej , and also now for me since joining Resolver a year ago , agile practises like test driven development are an important part of creating beautiful code .
This is what Andrzej means when he says that he learns more from the Ruby community than from the Python community .
Part of this probably stems from his longer involvement in the Ruby community , but he feels that he learns more about effective testing ( and explorations of other subjects about methodologies that are not specific to any individual programming language ) when reading Ruby blogs than Python blogs .
I have to say that in the Python blogosphere it does seem like there is not a huge emphasis on testing and test driven development , and the nuances of when to test and when to mock .
That is n't to say there is no - one talking about it , just not a focussed exploration of these issues .
There are exceptions ( and feel free to disagree with this point ) .
Grig Gheorghiu is a notable and important exception to this .
( Andrzej and I were fortunate to meet Grig at PyCon , although only briefly , and I regularly point Andrzej to interesting posts on Grig 's blog . )
Not only does he blog regularly about testing , but he has also just started the Testing in Python mailing list .
Hopefully this will become a focal point for the Python community in discussing and refining testing tools and practises .
At this point let me explain how I think testing is relevant to beautiful code , more specifically how I think test driven development is relevant to beautiful code .
The basic principle of TDD is that you write the test for your features / units before writing the code .
You are driven by your failing tests !
This simple fact changes the way you code .
It forces you to think about your ideal API before implementing .
It also forces you to implement your code in modular , decoupled and testable units .
The fact that you get incomparable test coverage is almost a side issue .
Good test coverage is invaluable when refactoring .
You can make changes in one part of your code , and be certain that you have completed your refactoring when the rest of your test suite all passes ...
This does mean that you will throw some tests away when you refactor .
It does n't mean that you write tests first for experimental code that you know you are going to throw away or change drastically .
Exploring areas of a problem that you are uncertain about is spiking .
Rough out the code , solve the problem , then write the tests for a cleaner implementation .
Test driven development is more work than not testing , testing after implementation , or only testing for bug regressions .
Many developers just do n't see the benefits , and never try it .
I 'd certainly never tried it until I started with Resolver , and I think that it is diffusely to appreciate the benefits without giving it a go .
At Resolver we have 20 000 lines of production code and 70 000 lines of test code ; I 'm afraid I 'm a fully paid up convert now .
I could n't imagine developing without good test coverage , and for any serious development work TDD forms an important part of my thinking process .
Andrzej feels like he finds more discussion of these issues ( tests as specification being one area that I 've read interesting posts on from the Ruby world ) in the Ruby blogosphere than the Python blogosphere , particularly using tools like RSpec .
I talked briefly to Ian Bicking about this at PyCon ( he also has interesting things to say about testing ) .
Ironically ( notice I do n't say incorrectly ... ) he feels that testing is something that the Python community get much more than the Ruby community ...
Possibly part of the issue is not that testing is n't discussed much in the Python community , but that the Python community is so diverse .
Ruby ( at least in its current popularity ) has a young community , and as such they are very focussed .
Perhaps they have more synergy on the kind of agile topics that Andrzej is interested in .
I think the question that Andrzej is interested in is not just on the broad subject of testing , but how testing fits in as part of agile development techniques that make your code more solid , and importantly more beautiful .
The diversity of the various Python communities is of course the great strength of Python .
Python is used for web development , writing desktop applications , scientific computing , games writing , scientific computing , on mobile devices , within industry , system administration and much more .
Perhaps testing is thought about a great deal within the Python community as a whole , ( the number of testing talks at PyCon would indicate that this is true ) but maybe the ' testing community ' within Python is still young .
I hope that the new mailing list is a sign that it is maturing , and I also hope that the Resolver developers are able to play some part in it .
Archives
15 dni za Simonitija
Po vložitvi interpelacije ima minister za kulturo Vasko Simoniti v skladu s pravili najmanj 15 dni časa za odgovor na očitke .
Interpelacija je sicer opredeljena kot sredstvo nadzora nad delovanjem vlade ali posameznega ministra .
Ustava v 118 .
členu določa , da lahko najmanj deset poslancev v državnem zboru sproži interpelacijo o delu vlade ali posameznega ministra .
Predsednik državnega zbora po vložitvi interpelacije z njo takoj seznani poslance in jo pošlje tudi predsedniku vlade oziroma ministru , ki ga zadeva .
Rok , v katerem mora predsednik vlade oziroma minister odgovoriti na interpelacijo , ne sme biti krajši od 15 in ne daljši od 30 dni .
V interpelaciji mora biti jasno postavljeno in obrazloženo vprašanje , ki je predmet interpelacije .
Odzivi strank
V SD menijo , da si Simoniti interpelacijo zasluži .
Imajo številne pripombe na njegovo nedelo , na njegove prioritete in na njegov način nekulturnega komuniciranja z javnostjo .
V najmanjši opozicijski poslanski skupini SNS ne verjamejo , da bo LDS interpelacijo sploh vložila , saj o interpelacijah govorijo že od začetka avgusta .
Poslanec SDS Branko
Grims je poudaril , da je ljudstvo v celoti potrdilo zakon o RTV , zato je dolžnost vseh , da se tudi uveljavi .
Ocenjuje , da je LDS z vložitvijo interpelacije izbrala povsem napačno pot in cilj .
V poslanski skupini NSi so za sedaj obveščeni le o napovedi vložitve interpelacije , argumentov in obtožb še ne poznajo , je dejal vodja poslanske skupine Alojz Sok in dodal , da v poslanski skupini delo ministra za kulturo ocenjujejo kot dobro , saj je uresničil vse , kar je predvidevala koalicijska pogodba .
Poslanec SLS Josip Bajc je povedal , da je stranka v koaliciji , ministra so potrdili in dokler bodo v koaliciji , ne bodo podpirali na pamet pripravljenih interpelacij .
LDS : Dobili smo politično televizijo
" Dobili smo RTV Slovenija , ki je predvsem glasnik politične propagande vladajoče koalicije in vlade , televizijo , znotraj katere se selekcionira nastope politikov , pri kateri se favorizira predvsem vladajočo koalicijo in ministre .
Dobili smo televizijo , kjer praktično ne poznajo več soočenj med ministri in opozicijo , " je dejal Rop in dodal , da je nekdanja javna televizija postala državna .
" Po letu dni nimamo ne javne televizije ne boljšega programa ne nižje RTV naročnine , " je Rop spomnil na obljube ministra Simonitija .
Predsednik vlade Janez Janše po današnjem nastopu v državnem zboru , kjer je odgovarjal na poslanska vprašanja , ni želel komentirati napovedi največje opozicijske stranke .
QR Code Link to This Post
Signs you are not my new roommate :1) You have called me four times in 24 hours , each time with increasingly frantic anxiety .
Contrary to your rambling theories , the reason I am not calling back is not that your message was " so cra-a- ackily " ( Were you trying to replicate the crackle sound in some kind of onomatopoetic serenade ? ) or that my phone was n't working or I lost your number .
It 's because I am scared of you .
If I am frightened by your voice alone , that is a clear sign :
You are not my new roommate .
2 ) You sign your e-mail " mmm . "
What is that about ?
Were you eating a delicious brownie while you typed ?
I am kind of skeeved out .
Therefore :
You are not my new roommate .
3 ) You respond to my statement of " Sorry , I 'm allergic to cats " with : " My sweet calico will be coming with me .
She sheds a lot , but she 's cute ! "
Not only do you have a cat that is probably not cute at all ( I have only ever met one cat I liked ) , but you are presumptuous and evidently read roommate ads the way I " read " the Wall Street Journal ( aka distracted apathetic skimming . )
You are not my new roommate .
4 ) Your accent is too strong for me to make out your phone number .
This is nothing personal , but I literally can't return your call because I do n't know which number (s ) you meant when you said " argez glogbin . "
You are not my new roommate .
5 ) You preface your voicemail with : " I know you said you only wanted a female roommate , BUT ... "
What is hard about this ?
As tempted as I am by charming overtures like : " hey im a sweet guy from chicago im lookin to leave my building cuz the rent keeps going up maybe we can have fun together , i think we should meet and see how u like me " -- I will not be swayed .
You are a boy .
Thus ...
You are not my new roommate .
6 ) You are clearly female , but leave a voicemail that makes you sound intoxicated and / or romantically interested .
" Um , I just , I liked what you had to say in your ad , and I just ... want someone , like , really ... cool to ... be around , and spend time with ... you know ? "
Your drunken , dulcet tones sound like a solicitation for something tawdry .
As intriguing as the prospect may be to the male gender ...
You are not my new roommate .
7 ) You cite your " borderline obsessive " need for cleanliness in the home .
This will not work .
My friend Julie once asked to borrow some eyedrops out of my purse and this is what happened : ( see below ) No , she does not have magical levitation powers .
She 's holding the eyedrops up with a hair that was stuck to the bottle with gum .
She is also dry heaving .
Here 's the thing : I was born a colossal slob and am only marginally rehabilitated .
In conclusion , you will kill me in my sleep if we live together .
You are not my new roommate .
8 ) You have a three - year - old .
Listen , I can't even keep a mini cactus alive , let alone a toddler .
I simply cannot have some sort of dependent human creature in my household .
Do you want your kid's eyedrops to become encrusted with gum and hair ?
Did n't think so .
You and Tommy are not my new roommates .
9 ) Your email says : " I want more information about you .
So call me tonight after 9:30 pm or tomorrow after 3 pm . "
I am not taking time - stringent orders from complete strangers at this time .
Please try again during my regular business hours .
P.S. You are not my new roommate .
10 ) The ' from ' line in your email says " Muffin " even though your name is Amanda and you have a " 10 - lb schnoodle " .
I do n't know if that is a dog or a giant cookie , or , lord , some sort of bodily appendage , but regardless ...
You are not my new roommate .
SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop delivers a desktop computing platform with proven security .
Beginning with its heritage in the UNIX world , and adding the strength and manageability of leading application security technology , SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop delivers bullet - proof security and peace of mind .
So why is Windows inherently insecure ?
First , it 's a monolithic operating system with services such as Internet Explorer tightly integrated into the operating system .
All it takes is a single security vulnerability to expose the entire Windows system to damage .
Secondly , Windows traditionally created extra security vulnerabilities by establishing user accounts with " administrator " privileges by default .
This allows any malware program to wreak havoc by installing new applications and creating , changing or deleting virtually any file on the machine .
When you think of Windows security , lots of things come to mind : viruses , malware , spyware , the blue screen of death , and long delays in getting the latest patches from Microsoft .
Security flaws can cost you hundreds of millions of dollars per year as you fix your Windows system and install new service packs .
This leads to lost time , productivity and money .
SUSE Linux Enterprise Strengthens Security
SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop delivers bullet - proof security in two key ways .
First , unlike Windows , Linux has a much more modular architecture .
Different elements of the operating system are loosely coupled together , making it much more difficult for a security flaw from one part of the system to impact another part of the system .
In addition , SUSE Linux Enterprise does not provide administrator or unlimited privileges by default .
This ensures that an application can only do what it is " supposed " to do .
For instance , when you run an application such as a word processor , that word processor runs with your restricted privileges .
It can only write to your own home directory .
It can not write to a system file or even to another user 's directory unless your IT administrator explicitly gives you permission to do so .
This limits widespread damage to the system .
Second , SUSE Linux Enterprise also includes a powerful suite of built - in security tools .
It includes AppArmor , an application - level security framework that provides mandatory access control for programs .
AppArmor allows you to specify the files that a program may access and the operations that it may perform on the files .
AppArmor denies or logs any other behavior beyond that scope .
This protects your desktop against the exploitation of software flaws .
It includes everything you need to contain programs and thwart attempted exploits , including zero - day attacks .
AppArmor also includes a " learning mode " that automates the development of application - specific security so that no new expertise is required .
Finally , it contains integrated Virtual Private Networking ( VPN ) , a firewall , antivirus tools and certificate management to bring further peace of mind .
Because Linux is inherently more secure than Windows , and thanks to advanced security technology such as AppArmor , SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop offers the most secure desktop computing platform today .
US - CERT Vulnerability Database
Nobel Prize - Winning Research on Risky Decision Making
Revealing the strange ways people make decisions in risky situations .
For this , the ninth nomination in the Top Ten Psychology Studies , it ’s Nobel Prize - winning research .
Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky were interested in the apparently strange way in which people make decisions in risky situations .
One example is : would you bet £ 10 on the flip of a coin if you stood to win £ 20 ?
So you ’ve got a 50 % chance of losing £ 10 and a 50 % chance of winning £ 20 .
This seems like a good bet to take and yet studies show that people tend not to take it .
Why ?
Changes in wealth
Before Kahneman and Tversky ( 1979 ) published their ground - breaking research , risky decisions were usually analysed by thinking about the total wealth involved .
When you look at this bet in the context of the total wealth it makes sense to gamble .
It ’s obvious you ’ve got more to gain than you have to lose .
So , why do people tend not to ?
“ It is actually the changes in wealth on which people base their decision - making calculations .
” What Kahneman and Tversky suggested was that , in fact people think about small gambles like this in terms of losses , gains and neutral outcomes .
It is actually the changes in wealth on which people base their decision - making calculations .
But that does n’t completely explain why people do n’t take the bet .
There ’s a further piece to the puzzle .
It turns out that at low levels of risk , such as this coin flip situation , people are more averse to the loss of £ 10 than they are attracted by the chance of winning the £ 20 .
Studies have shown that people actually need the chance of winning £ 30 before they ’ll consider risking their own £ 10 .
Just as people show illogical risk aversion in some circumstances , they also show risk seeking behaviour in other circumstances .
Imagine you have to choose between these two options .
The first is that you have an 85 % chance of losing £ 1,000 along with a 15 % chance of losing nothing .
The second is a 100 % chance of losing £ 800 .
Not much of a choice , right !?
You ’re between a rock and hard place .
Still , sometimes we have to cut our losses .
“ When the potential for loss is there , suddenly people prefer to take a risk .
” According to the maths you should choose the sure loss of £ 800 , but most people do n’t .
Most people choose to gamble .
So when the potential for loss is there , suddenly people prefer to take a risk .
They ’ve become risk seekers .
Yet , when there ’s the potential for gains , people are often risk averse .
Framing bias
This way of thinking about how people behave in risky situations , which Kahneman and Tversky called Prospect Theory , has a second major insight that follows on from the risk aversion and risk seeking described above .
What they realised was that people behaved in different ways depending on how the risky situation was presented .
Remember that if a risk is presented in terms of losses , people will be more risk seeking , and if it ’s expressed in terms of gains , people will be more risk averse .
Their classic example involves this fictional situation :
“ Imagine your country is preparing for the outbreak of a disease expected to kill 600 people .
If program A is adopted , exactly 200 people will be saved .
If program B is adopted there is a 1/3 probability that 600 people will be saved and a 2/3 probability that no people will be saved . ”
Here , the risk is presented in terms of gains so people tend to choose option A ( 72 % ) , which is , in fact , worse .
Here ’s the same problem but this time presented in terms of losses :
“ Imagine your country is preparing for the outbreak of a disease expected to kill 600 people .
If program A is adopted , exactly 400 people will die .
If program B is adopted there is a 1/3 probability that no one will die and a 2/3 probability that 600 people will die . ”
Now most people ( 78 % ) choose B because the problem is presented in terms of losses .
People suddenly prefer to take a risk .
In fact , if you look at both the situations you ’ll see that , mathematically , they ’re identical and yet people ’s decision is heavily influenced by the way the problem is framed .
This effect has been termed preference reversal .
Now back to the real world
After considering these sorts of problems for a few minutes , it ’s easy to wonder what all of this abstract reasoning has to do with the real world .
Quite a lot argue Kahneman and Tversky .
The Nobel Prize committee agreed .
“ Everyday life involves endless ‘ gambles ’ .
” Everyday life involves endless ‘ gambles ’ and betting examples are just one of the easiest ways to understand how humans make decisions in risky situations .
Certainly Kahneman and Tversky ’s work has plenty to say about some of the apparently strange decisions people make in everyday life .
So , next time you ’re agonising over a decision in terms of losses , try this simple trick .
Re-imagine the whole decision in terms of gains .
I ca n’t promise it will help you make your decision , but at least you ’ll better understand Kahneman and Tversky ’s insightful research .
Humans are not as rational as we would like to think .
Image credit : John Watson
Feb . 4 , 2007  --
The price tag for the Iraq War is now estimated at $ 700 billion in direct costs and perhaps twice that much when indirect expenditures are included .
Cost estimates vary -- Nobel Prize - winning economist Joseph Stiglitz puts the total cost at more than $ 2 trillion -- but let 's be conservative and say it 's only $ 1 trillion ( in today 's dollars ) .
As a number of other commentators have recently written , this number -- a 1 followed by 12 zeroes -- can be put into perspective in various ways .
Given how large the war looms , it does n't hurt to repeat this simple exercise with other examples and in other ways .
Different Monetary Units
There are many comparisons that might be made , and devising new governmental monetary units is one way to make them .
Consider , for example , that the value of one EPA , the annual budget of the Environmental Protection Agency , is about $ 7.5 billion .
The cost of the Iraq War is thus more than a century 's worth of EPA spending ( in today 's dollars ) , almost 130 EPAs , only a small handful of which would probably have been sufficient to clean up Superfund sites around the country .
Or note that the annual budget for the Department of Education is about $ 55 billion , which puts the price tag for Iraq at about 18 EDs .
Just a few of these EDs would certainly have put muscle into the slogan " No child left behind . "
And since the annual budgets of the National Science Foundation and the National Cancer Institute are $ 6 billion and $ 5 billion , respectively , the $ 1 trillion war cost is equivalent to 170 NSFs and 200 NCIs .
No doubt a couple of those NSFs could have been used to develop cheap hybrid cars and alternative fuels .
Scientific progress is by its nature unpredictable , but some extra NCIs might also have lead to breakthroughs in cancer treatment .
The cost of the war can also be expressed as approximately 28 HS's , where HS , the annual budget for the Department of Homeland Security , is about $ 35 billion .
Really securing the ports and chemical plants would have only eaten up a few of these HS's .
A few more could have been usefully spent in Afghanistan .
One last and rather tiny governmental monetary unit functions almost as spare change and has the ungainly acronym NHTSA .
It stands for the annual budget of the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration , which is approximately $ 670 million , or about two - thirds of $ 1 billion .
The Iraq War has cost about 1,500 NHTSA 's , several of which could probably have reduced the more than 40,000 Americans killed annually on our roads .
Of course , using these nonstandard monetary units is n't quite appropriate when trying to come to terms with the more than 3,000 U.S. soldiers killed , the 20,000 wounded , and the number of Iraqis killed and wounded .
The latter number is staggering , whether you subscribe to the figures put out by Iraq Body Count or those published in Lancet or to other even higher estimates .
Unlike death and serious injury , the medical costs for returning veterans , their decreased productivity , and the depreciation of military equipment can be quantified and constitute yet another huge indirect cost of the war .
Other Measures
Another way to get at the $ 1 trillion cost of the Iraq War is to note that the Treasury could have used the money to mail a check for more than $ 3,000 to every man , woman and child in the United States .
The latter alternative would have an added benefit : Uniformly distributed and spent in this country , the money would have provided an economic stimulus that the war expenditures have not .
Alternatively , if the money was spent in an even more ecumenical way and a global mailing list was available , the Treasury could have sent a check for more than $ 150 to every human being on earth .
The lives of millions of children , who die from nothing more serious than measles , tetanus , respiratory infections and diarrhea , could be saved , since these illnesses can be prevented by $ 2 vaccines , $ 1 worth of antibiotics , or a 10 - cent dose of oral rehydration salts as well as the main but still very far from prohibitive cost of people to administer the programs .
There are also more fanciful ways to induce a visceral feel for $ 1 trillion .
For example , it would take almost three decades to spend a trillion dollars at $ 1,000 per second , and if spending at this rate occurred only during business hours , more than 120 years would be required to dispense the sum .
Another time analogy is illuminating .
A million seconds takes approximately 11.5 days to tick by , whereas a billion seconds requires about 32 years .
Fully 32,000 years need to pass before a trillion seconds elapse .
Of course , some might argue that the $ 1 trillion expenditure in Iraq has made us both more secure domestically and more respected internationally than ever before .
Perhaps as many as a dozen people agree with Cheney 's recent hallucinatory comment that " we 've had enormous successes , and we will continue to have enormous successes " in Iraq . "
At times , it seems that the nightmare and expense of these enormous successes will continue for the next trillion seconds .
John Allen Paulos , a professor of mathematics at Temple University , has written such best - sellers as " Innumeracy " and " A Mathematician Plays the Stock Market . "
His " Who 's Counting ? " column on ABCNEWS.com appears the first weekend of every month .
Every once in a while you come across an idea and you think to yourself , “ now that ’s a really , really , good idea . ”
That is the feeling I got when I stumbled upon Tree Nation .
Tree Nation , a Spanish based company , wants to plant 8 million trees in the sub -Saharan , in the shape of a gigantic heart .
And they are using an ingenious method to do so .
Combining aspects of social networking , Sim games , and global Internet fundraising .
Tree nation has developed an ingenious tree mapping software that allows you to ( using GPS ) zoom to the spot where your tree is planted .
The map interface reminds me of Sim city , and is very well done .
When you see each little square being filled up with trees , it adds to the feeling of accomplishment , and helps people stay focused on such a large goal .
This same model , of asking people from all over the world to concentrate on one project a small bit at a time , could be re-used for a million good causes .
I would love to see something like this where you ( the “ game player ” ) install solar panels and wind turbines in developing nations .
In a way Tree Nation has created the most realistic online “ game ” ever .
A game where the outcome of success is not just a level up , but the regeneration of a nation , and the improvement of real peoples lives .
You can plant several kinds of trees , the Acacia Senegal for 10 â‚¬ the Ronier ( palm ) for 21 â‚¬ , the Acacia Sieberiana for 24 â‚¬ and the Baobab for 75 â‚¬ .
Once you plant your tree you will be given your own blog ( they call them “ trees ” ) .
You can use your blog to talk about your tree , or anything else that crosses your mind .
From a marketing standpoint this is a great feature .
Building a large community of people who share common interests is a great way to keep people coming back to the site , and helps to spread the word .
More people = more trees planted , which presumably also equals more money for Tree Nation .
I see nothing wrong with trying to make money off of the improvement of the planet , in fact I wish all business was based on this model .
You can also give trees as a gift , much like the Heifer International people do now with animals .
To give you an idea of what they plan on accomplishing .
No small task , but it will be amazing to see when its done .
Some of the many benefits of planting trees :
Stops Desertification
Produce Fruits , Medicines , Alimentation
The root system draws water to the surface
Regenerate the soil
Increases land ’s productivity
Improve Agricultural practices
Fight Poverty
Off - sets CO2 levels
Counteract Climate Change
Park as a meeting point and shelter
Counteract Deforestation
If you would like to get involved with Tree Nation , you can go to the site and buy a tree , or they are hiring .
Owning home entertainment stores in Athens has made me realize several things about people .
People really do like sex and violence .
People prefer to watch notoriously brainless movies rather than watch critically acclaimed ones because the subject matter is ' too depressing ' .
This is why I can't even give away Hotel Rwanda or Human Trafficking for free .
This is why I can't even give away or for free .
No matter how old and how bad an actor Steven Seagal is , his movies will always make money on rentals .
We have two stores in two distinctly different income areas and Steven will be happy to know that he does well in both stores .
5 Ways to Kill A DVDs Profitability
1. Print Rosebud / Cannes / Sundance / Toronto / Venice Festival Award Winner on the cover .
2. Use Unknown Actors
3 . Put women on the front cover .
4 . Put an an animal on the cover .
5. Classic Movies
Casablanca
5 Ways to Ensure a DVDs Profitability
1 . Put naked women on the cover
2. Put Guns or Blood on the Front Cover
3 . Use A list Actors in the Movie
4. Print " Oscar Winner " on the Cover
5 . Create a catchy movie title
The man who commenter and self - proclaimed neo-libertarian leader Eric Dondero holds up as a strong leader of our time has fallen into yet another scandal .
This one concerns his good friend , Bernard Kerik :
Federal prosecutors have told Bernard B. Kerik , whose nomination as homeland security secretary in 2004 ended in scandal , that he is likely to be charged with several felonies , including tax evasion and conspiracy to commit wiretapping .
Kerik ’s indictment could set the stage for a courtroom battle that would draw attention to Kerik ’s extensive business and political dealings with former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani , who personally recommended him to President Bush for the Cabinet .
Giuliani , the front - runner for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination according to most polls , later called the recommendation a mistake .
Kerik rose from being a warden and police detective to become Giuliani ’s campaign security adviser , corrections chief , police commissioner and eventual partner in Giuliani - Kerik , a security arm of Giuliani Partners , which Giuliani established after leaving office in 2001 .
Kerik resigned his positions in Giuliani ’s firm after he was nominated to the homeland security job .
The former mayor is not in any legal jeopardy , according to legal sources directly familiar with the investigation , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the inquiry is ongoing .
He and his consulting firm have cooperated in the FBI ’s long - running investigation of Kerik .
These allegations , while it is clear that Giuliani did nothing wrong , raise still more questions about the man ’s character and competence .
Guiliani hired a man to work for him both as New York police commissioner and as his business partner who is a shady character at best .
This has shades of President Bush ’s cronyism as exemplified in the picks of Harriet Miers for Supreme Court Justice , Alberto Gonzalez for Attorney General , and finally Mike “ Heck of a Job Brownie ” Brown for FEMA director .
More cronyism and horrible decision making for subordinates is the last thing this country needs in a Commander in Chief in the Long War and this is yet another reason why Guiliani is not fit to be president .
EDITED : 10:36 AM CDT to fix link to mainstreamlibertarian.com
Press Release from Allen Lang of
World Ca n’t Wait Youth and Students
Students at UC – Santa Barbara have initiated a one day student strike against the war on February 15th .
Students at Columbia University , UC – Berkeley , Sonoma State , Occidental College , Fordham University , San Francisco State , University of North Carolina – Greensboro ; and Columbia College ( Chicago ) are planning rallies , walk - outs , and / or strikes on their campuses February 15th .
February 15th marks the 4th anniversary of when millions of people came out around the world to protest Bush ’s planned war on Iraq .
In the wake of Bush ’s escalation of a war that has already caused the deaths of 655,000 Iraqis and over 3,000 US soldiers , and threats to attack Iran , this student strike is urgently needed , and must spread to other campuses quickly .
Now is not the time to be waiting for Congress to make slow incremental steps towards some eventual phased withdrawal .
Now is the time for millions of people to get out and demand an end to the war immediately and the Bush administration be impeached for war crimes .
( More )
Locked in an eternal embrace
i'm a hopeless romantic .i've always believed in reincarnation .
i spent a huge amount of my childhood with the very wise Buddhism nuns .
i remember the nuns would always tell me , " god will never separate true love , any type of love .
even if you do n't get to be lovers again in your next life time , you will still have them as someone that 's very close to you ... " when this " Locked in an eternal embrace " news article popped open on my laptop last night , i was in tears within two seconds .
of course , the first thing i thought of was what the nuns told me.once in a while , i still think like a little girl - i wonder how this couple is doing this lifetime , where they 're living now , if they still love each other like 5,000 years ago , if they still embrace each other the same way every night before they fall asleep together .
valentine 's day is just around the corner , show your love to everyone that 's close to you ( even if you 're not Buddhist ) , thank them for being in your life .
show them your love everyday , let them know they 've made a difference in your life .
i'm baking sweets for everyone this year , i want them to know i will always remember their sweet kindness .
Locked in an eternal embrace " fid " : " 527169 " , " viewmode " : " wysiwyg " , " fields " : " format " : " wysiwyg " , " type " : " media " , " attributes " : " alt " : " " , " title " : " " , " style " : " " , " class " : " media - element file - wysiwyg " Their loving embrace has lasted an eternity - well 5000 years to be precise
It is the city where the exiled Romeo dreamed he died and Juliet 's kisses breathed life back into his body .
Tragically , the lifeless bodies of Shakespeare 's star - crossed lovers would soon lie side by side .
Yesterday at Mantua , in an amazing echo of that heartrending story , archaeologists revealed the discovery of a couple locked in a tender embrace , one that has endured for more than 5,000 years .
The find was unearthed by experts digging at a neolithic site at a less than romantic industrial estate .
Scientists are to examine the skeletons to try to establish how old they were when they died and how long they have been buried .
One theory being examined is that the man was killed and the woman then sacrificed so that his soul would be accompanied in the after life .
Elena Menotti , who is leading the dig at Valdaro near Mantua in northern Italy , said : ' I am so excited about this discovery .
" We have never found a man and a woman embraced before and this is a unique find .
" We have found plenty of women embracing children but never a couple .
Much less a couple hugging -- and they really are hugging .
It 's possible that the man died first and then the woman was killed in sacrifice to accompany his soul .
" From an initial examination they appear young as their teeth are not worn down but we have sent the remains to a laboratory to establish their age at the time of death .
" They are face to face and their arms and legs are entwined and they are really hugging .
" I am so thrilled at this find .
I have been involved in lots of digs all over Italy but nothing has excited me as much as this . "
" I 've been doing this job for 25 years .
I 've done digs at Pompeii , all the famous sites .
" But I 've never been so moved because this is the discovery of something special . "
An initial examination of the couple - dubbed the Lovers of Valdaro - revealed that the man ( on the left in the picture ) has an arrow in his spinal column while the woman has an arrow head in her side .
The area has already given up a spectacular Roman villa .
Five thousand years ago the area around Mantua was marshland and criss - crossed by rivers and the environment has helped preserve the skeletons in their near perfect state .
The tribes of the area thrived through hunting and fishing and travelled along the waterways in boats but even then the simple hunter gatherer lifestyle was being replaced by livestock rearing , weaving and pottery .
In Romeo and Juliet , Romeo is sent to Mantua for killing Tybalt Capulet in a swordfight .
Romeo subsequently leaves the city and returns to Verona when he hears his love , Juliet , has died .
from the www.dailymail.co.uk
Locked in an eternal embrace
We Host Web Sites
For as little as $ 0.25 , you can set up web sites at Nearly FreeSpeech .
NET , the masters of only pay for what you use hosting since 2002 .
We Have What You Need
We provide a complete , managed environment so you can focus on your site .
PHP 7.2 , 7.3 and 7.4
Advanced web frameworks : Django , Node .JS , Ruby on Rails , and many more
20 + Programming Languages
Powerful MySQL ( MariaDB 10 ) support
Full ssh & SFTP access
Custom control panel
Fast , friendly , expert support is available , but optional .
Why pay for help you do n't need ?
We Care About Our Members
Sure , we could offer big bundles for flat monthly fees , but that type of plan actually makes more profit when your site does poorly .
Since our price is based solely on what you actually use , we do well when your site does well .
That means our success depends entirely on your success !
Try us and see what a difference that makes .
When you 're starting out as a technical blogger , you 'll inevitably stumble across Joel on Software .
He 's been blogging since the year 2000 , when computers were hand - carved of wood and the internet transmitted data via carrier pigeon .
He has his own software development company , a few books under his belt , and he's an outstanding and entertaining writer by any measure .
In many ways , Joel is a legend .
Although Joel 's blog entries are generally pure gold , he has generated his fair share of controversy in the last six years .
For example , he does n't like programming using exceptions , despite the fact that they are the bread and butter of modern programming languages .
He also said that teaching new programmers only Java is liable to poison their minds , although I think Java is the least of any budding new programmer 's problems .
But a few of Joel 's recent posts go far , far beyond these minor gaffes .
For instance , two weeks ago we found out that Joel 's company wrote their flagship product , FogBugz , in a proprietary language they created themselves .
FogBugz is written in Wasabi , a very advanced , functional - programming dialect of Basic with closures and lambdas and Rails - like active records that can be compiled down to VBScript , JavaScript , PHP4 or PHP5 .
Wasabi is a private , in - house language written by one of our best developers that is optimized specifically for developing FogBugz ; the Wasabi compiler itself is written in C# .
You could n't possibly have heard it , but that was the sound of fifty thousand programmers ' heads simultaneously exploding .
Writing your own language is absolutely beyond the pale .
It 's a toxic decision that is so completely at odds with Joel 's previous excellent and sane advice on software development that people literally thought he was joking .
He had to write an entire follow - up post to explain that , no , he was n't kidding .
Read his defense of Wasabi .
If anything , it amplifies the insanity .
Because , you know , installing a PHP / NET / Java runtime at a customer site is totally unsupportable , even though it 's the business model of 99.9 % of the rest of the world .
And with Wasabi , they can add any language features they want !
Just like Lisp , right ?
And eventually they 'll plug in a .NET CLR back - end to Wasabi and generate bytecode !
Never mind the fact that your company 's flagship application is still written in a freaky custom language based on VBScript that only three people in the world know how to program .
But wait !
It gets worse !
Now Joel says that a dynamically typed language like Ruby can't possibly be fast enough to run FogBugz :
I understand the philosophy that developer cycles are more important than cpu cycles , but frankly that 's just a bumper - sticker slogan and not fair to the people who are complaining about performance .
Even though our product , FogBugz , seems like something that should be perfect for Ruby on Rails , we have several parts of code where performance is extremely important .
In FogBugz 6 there 's one place where we need to do literally millions of calculations to display a single chart on a single web page .
We have gotten it down to 3 seconds or so in our current development environment with a lot of optimization , but frankly with a duck - typed function call I really do n't think we could do it before the web browser gave up and timed out and the sun cooled down a couple of degrees .
Let me get this straight .
Let me make sure I 'm understanding this .
Because I think I 've gone crosseyed .
I do n't see how Wasabi -- a language that , per Joel , compiles down to VBScript on Windows -- could actually be faster than Ruby .
VBScript certainly is n't compiled , and it is n't exactly known for its blazing speed .
Speed improvement is one of the many bullet points used to justify the switch from ASP to ASP .
NET .
If performance is so critically important in this section of the code , why would n't Joel simply build that section of the code in a compiled language and call it from the other language ?
Am I missing something here ?
Is there some law that states all code for a web application must be in the same exact language ?
Justifying any language choice based on one tiny section of the code makes no sense whatsoever .
It 's a complete reversal of the well - known 90/10 rule .
If we followed Joel 's logic , we should reject all dynamically typed languages .
Even in a world filled with 3 gigahertz $ 200 dual - core CPUs that get cheaper every nanosecond .
Because , y'know , there 's this one part here that 's kinda slow .
All of this makes me wonder : has Joel Spolsky jumped the shark ?
I reject this new , highly illogical Joel Spolsky .
I demand the immediate return of the sage , sane , wise Joel Spolsky of years past .
But maybe it 's like wishing for a long - running television show to return to its previous glories .
With a good set of tests in place , refactoring code is much easier , as you can quickly gain a lot of confidence by running the tests again and making sure the code still passes .
As suites of tests grow , it 's common to see duplication emerge .
Like any code , tests should ideally be kept in a state that 's easy to understand and maintain .
So , you 'll want to refactor your tests , too .
However , refactoring tests can be hard because you do n't have tests for the tests .
How do you know that your refactoring of the tests was safe and you did n't accidentally remove one of the assertions ?
If you intentionally break the code under test , the failing test can show you that your assertions are still working .
For example , if you were refactoring methods in CombineHarvesterTest , you would alter CombineHarvester , making it return the wrong results .
Check that the reason the tests are failing is because the assertions are failing as you 'd expect them to .
You can then ( carefully ) refactor the failing tests .
If at any step they start passing , it immediately lets you know that the test is broken – undo !
When you 're done , remember to fix the code under test and make sure the tests pass again .
( revert is your friend , but do n't revert the tests ! )
Let 's repeat that important point :
When you 're done ... remember to fix the code under test !
Summary
Refactor production code with the tests passing .
This helps you determine that the production code still does what it is meant to .
code with the tests .
This helps you determine that the production code still does what it is meant to .
Refactor test code with the tests failing .
This helps you determine that the test code still does what it is meant to .
Remember to download this episode of Testing on the Toilet and post it in your office .
Courtesy of
A southern Georgia sheriff faces federal charges accusing him of billing inmates for room and board and interfering with an FBI investigation of local judges .
An indictment unsealed Thursday in U.S. District Court accuses Clinch County Sheriff Winston Peterson of perjury , obstruction of justice , using forced labor and extorting former jail inmates .
Peterson , 62 , pleaded not guilty to the charges Thursday and was released on $ 10,000 bond .
Investigators say the sheriff charged jail inmates $ 18 per day for room and board .
County officials agreed in April 2006 to return $ 27,000 to hundreds of inmates who paid the fees between 2000 and 2004 .
Peterson also used an inmate to do work at a business run by his wife , investigators say .
The sheriff is charged with obstructing justice by alerting an unindicted co-conspirator about the identity of an FBI informant he believed was part of a criminal investigation into courthouse activities .
He is also accused of lying during a grand jury investigation of a Superior Court judge .
Neither Peterson nor his attorney could be reached for comment Thursday night .
An after - hours call to his attorney 's home went unanswered , and the sheriff could not be reached through the dispatcher .
Peterson is the latest Clinch County official to be caught up in investigations into the rural county 's practices .
Superior Court Judge Brooks E. Blitch III and Chief State Court Judge Berrien Sutton face allegations by the Judicial Qualifications Commission , a state agency that investigates Georgia judges and has power to recommend removing them from office .
They have not been charged with any crimes .
Blitch , 72 , is accused of ordering illegal payments to county employees , ordering the early release of imprisoned felons and presiding over a case involving his son .
Blitch 's attorneys have said an investigation will prove he is innocent .
Sutton is accused of appointing non-lawyers to hear criminal cases , pressing a magistrate judge to help one of his business associates and signing an illegal order to collect court fees that were later distributed to county officials .
Thomas Whithers , an attorney for Sutton , said Wednesday the judge looks forward to his day in court .
" Judge Sutton has done nothing wrong and will vigorously defend these allegations , " he said .
Windows only : Freeware system tray app WatchMyCell logs into your cell phone account and keeps a watchful eye on how many minutes you 've used for the month .
Advertisement
Just download and install the program , set it up with your provider ( currently supports Cingular , Verizon , T - mobile , Sprint , and Nextel ) , then define your rules for how soon you 'd like to be alerted of your dwindling minutes and what form you 'd like that alert to take ( email or SMS ) .
This little app should come in handy for anyone who 's stared down the barrel of an unexpectedly large cell phone bill .
We 've seen similar Firefox extensions , but the added alert is what really makes WatchMyCell so useful .
Advertisement
WatchMyCell [ via Download Squad ]
In the near future , longer - lasting batteries could run on virtually anything sugary , including tree sap or flat soda pop .
Scientists say these sweet new batteries could operate three to four times longer than the conventional lithium ion batteries commonly used in cell phones , laptops , MP3 players and many other portable electronic devices .
And they are biodegradable .
" By bridging biology and chemistry , we can build a better battery that 's also cleaner for the environment , " researcher Shelley Minteer , an electrochemist at Saint Louis University in Missouri , said in a prepared statement .
Sugar is used as fuel by all living things .
Now Minteer and her colleagues have adapted enzymes from nature that can strip charges from sugar to generate electricity in fuel cells .
Like all fuel cells , the new device combines fuel — in this case , sugar — with air to generate electricity and water as the main byproducts .
Unlike other fuel cells , all the materials used to build the sugary device are biodegradable .
The key ingredient making up the new device is the charge - stripping enzyme .
The scientists incorporated this enzyme into membranes composed of chitosan , a commercial compound derived from crabs , shrimp and other crustaceans .
These membranes are then integrated into fuel cells .
Minteer and her colleagues have developed a small prototype battery about the size of a postage stamp to successfully run a handheld calculator , findings they presented today at the American Chemical Society annual meeting in Chicago .
They said the fuel cell could be ready for commercialization in three to five years .
So far the researchers have run the batteries on sap from trees and cacti , flat soda and sweetened drink mixes .
They also tested fizzy sodas , but Minteer noted the carbonation appears to weaken the fuel cell .
So far the best fuel source is simply ordinary table sugar dissolved in water .
Potential applications include portable cell phone rechargers .
Other uses might include powering remote sensors for detecting biological and chemical weapons .
Future research may include modifying the battery 's performance for high temperatures and extending battery life , Minteer said .
10 ) Crispin Glover Fakes A Kick to Letterman's Face - 1987
David Letterman has been long feared as an interviewer for his ability to keep his subjects off balance , and then sit back and watch from behind an array of smirks and eyebrow raising as they dig their own grave .
That 's why it 's so awkward to see Crispin Glover jibbering about his unusual image and taking total control of Letterman 's set , culminating in his standing up and firing off a high - kick inches from Letterman 's face , at which point Letterman very awkwardly stands up , walks away , and goes to commercial .
Apparently , it was all an act on Glover 's part in an attempt be Kaufman - esque , but thankfully nobody knew about it but him , and this awkward comedy abortion is the result .
9 ) George Michael Smokes a J - 2006
When you 've been famous for as long as George Michael has , and you 're famous for the reasons that George Michael is , you pretty much get to do whatever you want , and if you decide to do that on camera , too , there 's apparently not much anyone can do about it .
No , George did n't conduct his interview from a public restroomt , but you can catch him blazing up and then providing a suprisingly even criticism of the wacky tobacky as his interviewer waits patiently for him to finish .
Maybe it would n't have been so awkward if George had ever learned to share ( venereal disease does n't count ) .
8 ) Barbara Walters Asks Katherine Hepburn What Kind of Tree She 'd Prefer to Be - 1981
The vintage awkward interview .
And it 's all on Walters .
Hepburn actually takes it in stride when Walters asks her what kind of tree she 'd like to be ; the awkwardness is in Walters fumbling around and only coming up with that to ask .
You 've got the greatest actress of all time , and you care about how she sees herself as a tree ?
She should have just gone all out on awkwardness and asked what it 's like to be asexual .
7 ) Paula Abdul interview on Seattle 's Fox affiliate ... on Painkillers ? - 2007
o n't let anybody lie to you .
There are only two possible explanations for why Abdul behaved the way she did on Seattle TV during the run-up to the current season of American Idol , and one of them is that she was under regression hypnosis and was seeing the world through her own four - year - old eyes .
The other is that she is fueled by painkillers .
But either way , the alternating confusion and glee of the anchors at Abdul 's mumbling , wild swaying and general mental disorganization was probably enough to make the segment producer chew his own teeth to dust .
6 ) Vanilla Ice Makes Jon Stewart Shart Himself - 1999
It was hard to blame Rob " Vanilla Ice " Van Winkle for being a little irritated .
MTV brought him on a show called 25 Lame specifically to humiliate him for " Ice , Ice Baby , " and when they gave him the opportunity to smash the fake master copy with a hammer , he declined .
Instead , he used a baseball bat , tearing across the set like a maniac and saying things like , " Just to give you an idea of what I 'm talking about , " which made no sense , because what he had been talking about was turning over a new leaf , not bizarre quasi - staged meltdowns .
The high point of the awkwardness occurs when Vanilla winds up the bat at Jon Stewart , who momentarily convulses in fear before Ice makes it all better with a quick , " Sorry , Jon , " and brings the bat down gently on the table beside him .
Awkward !
What do you talk about after you almost get brained by Vanilla Ice ?
If it were me , I 'd probably say , " Damn , Vanilla Ice almost just brained the shit out of me .
I need to seriously reconsider my criteria for handing out baseball bats . "
But I 'm not Jon Stewart , who very nearly became the first person in history to find out what it really means to get rocked like a vandal by Vanilla Ice 's harpoon - like flow .
5 ) Matt Lauer is Glib - 2005
This interview would have made the list even if Tom Cruise was n't one of the biggest movie stars in the world at the time .
But since he was , his circular rantings have that added layer of career self - sabotage that could make any day feel like Christmas for a lover of awkwardness .
Cruise is like the crazy bullshitting relative who ruins every Thanksgiving by taking some insultingly half - baked contrarian stance that he swears is based on years of research , but which is really based on self - loathing and a need for constant attention .
And Lauer is the level headed uncle who relishes poking holes in obvious nonsense just a little too much .
Beating Tom Cruise in an argument is a little like beating an anchor at floating .
Tom Cruise was not designed for arguing , so who would expect anything less than extreme awkwardness from his effort ?
4 ) Jon Stewart Calls Tucker Carlson a Dick - 2004
The Daily Show host made an appearance on Crossfire which seems to have murdered the show entirely by way of a series of intensely awkward exchanges between Stewart and resident bowtied douche Tucker Carlson .
It takes a lot of awkwardness to derail and ultimately eliminate a show that had once been a staple in CNNs daily line - up , especially when you consider the amount of time they already have to fill with hot , hot garbage .
But that 's what this interview was : a lot of awkwardness .
And then a commercial break .
And then even more ferocious awkwardness .
3 ) Letterman's Audience Laughs at Michael Richards ' Apology - 2006
There was no way that this could not have been awkward , but it did n't disappoint .
It has all the chief criteria filled in spades .
Racial tension ?
Check .
Public humiliation ?
Oh yeah .
A career on the brink ?
Of course .
All that , and the surreality is off the charts as Kramer connects to the Late Show via satellite with Seinfeld on Letterman 's couch , and , in a moment of nearly unparallelled awkwardness , laughter breaks out in the audience as Richards refers to black people as " afro- americans " and refers to his own screaming of racial slurs as " trash talk " .
It would have been less awkward if he had just shown how sorry he was by walking across the stage with a fork in his ass .
2 ) Mike Tyson Opens His Mouth - Various
No man in the history of history has said more hilarious , unhinged , unpredictable shit than Iron Mike .
But it would be pointless to try to sort out just one interview , and , besides , why would you want to ?
Consider this slot permanently reserved for Mike Tyson ; it 's like a lifetime achievement award for ruining the entire format of celebrity interviews with outlandishly brutal statements .
Somebody should gather up every interview he 's ever done , and edit all the interviewers ' reaction shots together one after another .
I would play that tape on a loop at my own funeral .
But , failing that , put your boxing - gloved hands together for Mike Tyson 's greatest hits .
1 ) " Chris " Everett Tackles Jim Rome - 1994
Jim Everett of the Rams was one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL for much of the 1980s .
But in a 1990 playoff game against San Francisco , Everett 's Rams were getting killed , and Everett found himself the recipient of a series of devastating sacks and pummeling hits .
Finally , at one point in the game , Everett crumpled to the ground untouched , apparently in anticipation of getting hit again .
The play is known as the Phantom Sack , and Everett was never the same player again .
Taking his cues from Everett 's decline , ESPN2 talkshow host Jim Rome began referring to Jim as " Chris " , a reference to female tennis player Chris Evert .
Ironically , Evert was known as one of the toughest figures in the history of women 's tennis , but that was n't enough to keep Everett from appearing on Rome 's show intent on physically confronting the tiny loudmouth .
And when Rome proved his mettle by refusing to back off , Everett crushed him .
This video clip may be the best thing in the world .
Ice Capades
Ice is supposed to float , but with a little heavy water , you can make cubes that sink
By Theodore Gray
Make Sinking
IceCost : $ 65
Time : 2 Hours
Mode Safe
Want a surefire bet for your next cocktail party ?
First , tell your guests that aquatic life — at least in temperate climates — depends largely on the fact that ice floats .
If it sank , lakes would freeze solid instead of forming an insulating layer of ice on top , killing all the fish .
Now bet that you can magically make an ice cube sink .
Grab one from a glass of special cubes you 've strategically placed nearby , and drop it into a cup of ordinary water .
Collect your guests ' money .
The key to the trick is heavy ice .
Many terms should n't be taken literally — a red quark is n't red , a peanut is neither a pea nor a nut — but heavy water is exactly what it sounds like : water that weighs more than normal .
This is possible because elements occur in several different forms , or isotopes , made up of atoms with the same number of protons and electrons ( which determine their chemical properties ) but a variable number of neutrons ( which contribute weight but not much else ) .
Hydrogen atoms always have one proton and one electron , but only one in every 6,400 has a neutron that nearly doubles the atom¹s mass .
Using a complex process called H2S , it¹s possible to isolate this heavy hydrogen , also known as deuterium ( D ) , creating water that ¹s about 10 percent heavier than normal .
Chemically , D2O — as it 's written — is real water .
Algae can grow and thrive in pure heavy water .
Specially raised mice have contained as much as 25 percent heavy hydrogen ; beyond that level , subtle biochemical reactions make the heavy mice sick .
( Researchers used mice because they are small .
Raising a heavy cow would be expensive . )
Heavy water 's primary use is in nuclear reactors , but it is not itself radioactive .
It 's safe to handle ( although drinking it is not recommended , so keep it out of your guests ' glasses ) and easy to buy from your neighborhood isotope supplier ( try unitednuclear.com ) .
For about $ 15 a cube , you can make your own sinking ice and win that bet every time — unless you 're entertaining nuclear scientists .
Find more on Gray 's experiments at periodictabletable.com and at popsci.com / graymatter
ぶくま経由で、RFC 3986 URI の日本語訳にたどり着き、読んでいました。スムーズな日本語ですんなりと読めて、良い訳だと思いました。私は誤訳を見つけられませんでした。
それはともかく、読んでいる最中に、RFC3986 だけではないのですが、IPv4 アドレスの数字にマッチする構文が、正規表現向けでないのに改めて気になりました。RFC
の記述をそのまま正規表現にすると、バックトラックをおこす書き方になっています。
バックトラックがおきないようにするには、先頭から1文字ずつ見ていくだけで残りの選択肢のどれに進めばいいか決定できるようにすればよろしい。ということで、これをテスト駆動で正規表現に向いた記述に変更してみました。
⇒ http://www.studyinghttp.net/cgi-bin/rfc.cgi?3986#Sec3.2.2
IPv4address = dec-octet " . " dec-octet " . " dec-octet " . " dec-octet dec-octet = DIGIT ; 0 - 9 / %x31-39 DIGIT ; 10-99 / " 1 " 2DIGIT ; 100-199 / " 2 " %x30-34 DIGIT ; 200-249 / " 25 " %x30-35 ; 250-255
この手の作業はケアレスミスをおこしやすいので、最初にやることはテストを作ることです。この程度の正規表現のテストはどの言語でやっても同じですが、ここは
Perl を使うことにします。
最初に 、Test :: More を使い、パラメータで正規表現を受け取るサブルーチンを定義することから始めます。0 から 10000 までの数字列を正規表現でマッチしてみて、0 から 255 以外にマッチした場合と、0 から 255 なのにマッチしなかったら、戻り値が偽になるように作ります。
なお、この手の正規表現のテストでは、必ず
\ A と \z で挟んで、テストしたい文字列全体にマッチするかどうかチェックをおこないましょう。
#!/usr /env perl use strict ; use warnings ; use Test :: More ' no_plan ' ; sub test_dec_octet { my $ dec_octet = shift ; my @invalid ; for ( 0 .. 10000 ) { if ( / \ A $ dec_octet \z /msx ) { push @invalid , $ _ unless 0 <= $ _ && $ _ <= 255 ; } else { push @invalid , $ _ if 0 <= $ _ && $ _ <= 255 ; } } ! scalar @invalid ; } ok test_dec_octet ( qr{ ( ? : [ 0 - 9 ] | [ 1 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | 1 [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | 2 [ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) }x ) ;
\d にせず 0 - 9 にしているのは、変形していく上では、その方が見やすいからです。それでは、さっそく、RFC
の構文を正規表現にして、動かしてみましょう。
$ perl dec_octet_re.t.pl ok 1 1..1
ちゃんと 0 から 255 までにマッチしていることがわかります。
では、書換開始。段階的に変形させつつ、ケアレスミスをしていないかチェックするために、テストをこまめに実行していきます。
1文字目( 最上位桁 ) の数字から扱いの区分分けをしていきます。上の場合は、1文字目がゼロのとき、1 のとき、2 のとき、3 から 9 のときの 4 通りに分けなければいけないことがわかります。また、1
文字目が 2 のとき 、2文字目が 0 から 4 のときと、5 のとき、 6 から 9 のときの 3 通りに選択肢が分かれていますので、これもその通りにします。各行をそのように分けたら、次のようになりました。
ok test_dec_octet ( qr{ (? : 0 | 1 | 2 | [ 3 - 9 ] | 1 [ 0 - 9 ] | 2 [ 0 - 4 ] | 25 | 2 [ 6 - 9 ] | [ 3 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | 1 [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | 2 [ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) }x ) ;
上のコードに続けて、各行を分けた正規表現のテストを追加して、またテストを実行します。
$ perl dec_octet_re .t.pl ok 1 ok 2 1..2
書換でミスをしていなければ ok になるはずです 。
続いて、分解した選択肢を先頭の文字が同じになるように並べ替えた正規表現のテストを追加してテストします(実行は略 ) 。
ok test_dec_octet ( qr{ (? : 0 | 1 | 1 [ 0 - 9 ] | 1 [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | 2 | 2 [ 0 - 4 ] | 2 [ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | 25 | 25 [ 0 - 5 ] | 2 [ 6 - 9 ] | [ 3 - 9 ] | [ 3 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) }x ) ;
今度は、先頭から同じ文字でまとめていきます。そして、テストを追加して、実行します。
ok test_dec_octet ( qr{ (? : 0 | 1 [ 0 - 9 ] { 0,2} | 2 ( ? : | [ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ? | 5 [ 0 - 5 ] ? | [ 6 - 9 ] ) ? | [ 3 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ? ) }x ) ;
ここまでくれば、0 - 9 を \d にして、一行にまとめてしまいます。最後のテストを追加して、実行します。
ok test_dec_octet ( qr{ (? : 0|1 \d { 0,2}|2 ( ?:[ 0 - 4]\d ? | 5 [ 0 - 5 ] ? | [ 6 - 9 ] ) ? | [ 3 - 9 ]\d ? ) } ) ;
望みの正規表現が手に入りました。
my $ dec_octet = qr{ (? : 0|1 \d { 0,2}|2 ( ?:[ 0 - 4]\d ? | 5 [ 0 - 5 ] ? | [ 6 - 9 ] ) ? | [ 3 - 9 ]\d ? ) } ; my $ ipv4addr = qr{ $ dec_octet ( ?:\. $ dec_octet ) { 3}} ;
手軽にテストを作って実行できる Perl のテストには、こういう使い道もありますという一例でした。
Flick - passing the serious allegations have resulted in a damaging dithering around questions of fact , a process as harmful to the bank 's reputation as the arrogance that has seen Wolfowitz lecturing developing countries about corruption while arranging deals for his paramour at the bank , the US State Department and the Pentagon .
Wolfowitz and his lawyer , Robert Bennett , who represented Paula Jones in her harassment claims against former US president Bill Clinton , are expected to argue that the committee knew all about it .
Wolfowitz is basing some of his case around a " Dear Paul " letter he got from the committee 's chairman , Ad Melkert .
The committee had received two emails sent by an anonymous whistleblower , " John Smith " , sent in January and February .
They alleged ethical lapses by Wolfowitz , with the earlier one raising questions about the size of Riza 's pay rise .
In his letter , Melkert said the allegation " did not contain new information warranting any further review " .
With nowhere else to go , the whistleblower (s ) took the damaging revelations to the media .
In the US , the whistleblower protection organisation , the Government Accountability Project , put out a statement blaming the scandal on the committee .
" If whistleblower protections had been in place , the Riza affair could have been addressed internally , but as it is , our sources had no choice but to leak the information .
An employee cannot report potential wrongdoing to an investigations unit whose only authority is to recommend corrective measures to senior management . "
Bjorn Rhode - Liebenau , whose Hamburg - based consultancy Rick Communication Concepts helps companies develop systems to handle whistleblowers , says the World Bank 's whistleblowing processes are typical of many companies .
Rhode - Liebenau has prepared international best practice guidelines for whistleblowing for the European Parliament , which he outlines in a discussion paper at tinyurl.com /3y8blx .
" A whistleblowing hotline is not a whistleblowing system , it is not a system at all , and it is not likely to produce the intended results , " he told BusinessDay .
" It is only part of a system .
Management has to show it is listening and responding . "
Many companies had systems , he said , that failed to show employees were being taken seriously and that their allegations were being taken on board in a constructive and responsible manner .
" The big change would be to start seeing whistleblowing for what it is , important information that already exists inside the organisation that should be valued by management . "
What organisations need , he said , were incentives for management to monitor information .
More importantly , organisations needed to remove , or at least modify , incentives that encouraged managers to disregard or dismiss it .
He said laws brought in to protect whistleblowers were not effective because they always came too late .
Interestingly , a recent US study , Who Blows The Whistle on Corporate Fraud ( go to tinyurl.com / 33qmvn ) shows that the whistleblower protection provisions of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act might not be working .
After analysing in depth all reported cases of corporate fraud in companies with more than $ US750 million of assets between 1996 and 2004 , the researchers found that the number of employee whistleblowers fell after Sarbanes - Oxley came into effect , slipping from 21 per cent to 16 per cent .
The paper does not make it clear whether this might reflect the tighter internal controls of US companies mandated by law post - Sarbanes Oxley .
But the academics imply that laws , no matter how well - intentioned , cannot guarantee candour and total protection .
Nor would it necessarily leave managers with a better grasp of reality .
" One possible explanation is that protecting the whistleblower 's current job is a small reward given the extensive ostracism whistleblowers face , " they write .
" Another explanation could be that many firms either go bankrupt or are bought up after revelation of fraud .
As a result , job protection in the pre-existing firm is but a small reward . "
In Australia , the whistleblower protections of the CLERP9 reforms have not been tested .
Paul Latimer , associate professor at Monash University 's department of business law and taxation , said whistleblower protection laws around the world fell short of best practice .
" No politician would speak against it but the record is not encouraging , " he said .
The law sets standards but the fundamental problem with whistleblower protection is that it can clash with the way organisations work .
Operations are usually underpinned by formal communication channels with a heavy reliance on rules and procedures that censor and filter information .
Apart from reprisals , damaging careers and running the risk of being branded a troublemaker , all organisations are replete with what Harvard University professor Chris Argyris calls " undiscussables " — issues that no one likes to talk about .
Even the undiscussability is undiscussable .
The key then is to develop systems that force managers to listen .
Ben Heineman jnr , who served as GE 's senior vice - president and general counsel from 1987 to 2003 , offers some clues in the April edition of the Harvard Business Review .
His paper , Avoiding Integrity Land Mines , details how GE 's managers are warned that they will be sacked for any ethical lapses .
That also applies to those who claim they did not know about misdeeds .
It also sheds light on GE 's system of ombudsmen operating around the globe in 31 languages .
Employees are not only allowed to lodge concerns , anonymously if they want , they are expected to .
If they fail to report red cards , there can be consequences .
Rules , laws and standards are not enough to turn organisations into places where it is safe to speak the truth .
That requires systems in which a manager , facing some tough decisions , has to think twice before bending the rules .
Funny on other blogs :
Privacy Policy
Top 10 Wackiest Conspiracy Theories
Published on 1/16/2006
Dinosauroid - like Alien Reptiles are dominating the World BBC reporter David Icke claims that humanity is actually under the control of dinosauroid - like alien reptiles who must consume human blood to maintain their human appearance .
" Evidence " for his conspiracy theory goes from Sumerian tablets describing the " Anunnaki " ( which he translates as " those who from heaven to earth came " ) , to the serpent in the Biblical Garden of Eden , to child abuse , fluoridation , and the genealogical connections between the Bush family and the House of Windsor .
Icke theorizes that the reptilians came here from the constellation Draco .
Like most conspiracy theories , falsification of Icke 's hypotheses is nearly impossible , but Icke continues to sell books and give speaking engagements based on concepts ranging from the New Age to his political opinions .
Apollo 11 Moon Landings were faked by NASA A classic among conspiracy theories , proponents of the Apollo moon landing hoax accusations allege the moon landings never took place , and were faked by NASA with possible CIA support .
Enthusiasts of this theory claim that :
The astronauts could not have survived the trip because of exposure to radiation
The photos were altered : the Crosshairs on some photos appear to be behind objects , rather than in front of them where they should be The quality of the photographs is implausibly high .
There are no stars in any of the photos , and astronauts never report seeing any stars from the capsule windows .
Identical backgrounds in photos that are listed as taken miles apart .
The moon 's surface during the daytime is so hot that camera film would have melted .
No blast crater appeared from the landing
The launch rocket produced no visible flame .
The flag placed on the surface by the astronauts flapped despite there being no wind on the Moon .
September 11 was orchestrated by the U. S. government A number of urban myths , alternative hypotheses and conspiracy theories have been formulated to explain the events of September 11th :
The U.S. , Israel or Iraq government orchestrated the attacks themselves .
The Twin Towers fell straight down , at close to free - fall speed .
This is a similar characteristic of a controlled demolition .
The dust cloud and its make up are considered un-characteristic of a gravity - driven collapse .
It is often pointed out that no steel building before or since the 9 - 11 attack has collapsed as the result of fire .
The rubble of the Twin Towers smoldered for weeks after the collapse .
This claim is meant to point out that steel could only have smoldered as a result of pre-placed explosives .
Some consider photographic evidence of the plane lying on the grounds of the Pentagon to be ambiguous and unconvincing , citing a visual lack of burnt metal , human remains , passenger 's luggage or seats .
The Pentagon was struck in a newly renovated , reinforced section .
Some speculate this location , the west side of the complex , to be indicative of government involvement , noting it as an attempt to reduce casualties .
Flight 77 was able to fly in the direction of the DC and Pentagon area for approximately 40 minutes without interception .
This is thought to be unusual given the Pentagon 's close proximity to Andrews Air Force Base .
There are claims that anti-missile batteries at the Pentagon should have intercepted Flight 77 .
The FBI confiscated a video , which may have captured the impact , from a nearby gas station attended by Jose Velasquez .
This video has not yet been released .
Barcodes are really intended to Control people Some conspiracy theorists have proposed that barcodes are really intended to serve as means of control by a putative world government , or that they are Satanic in intent .
Mary Stewart Relfe claims in " The New Money System 666 " that barcodes secretly encode the number 666 - the Biblical " Number of the Beast " .
This theory has been adopted by other fringe figures such as the " oracle " Sollog , who refuses to label any of his books with barcodes on the grounds that " any type of computer numbering systems MANDATED by any government or business is part of the PROPHECY of the BEAST controlling you . "
Charlemagne never existed , is a fictional character Phantom time hypothesis is a theory developed by Heribert Illig which suggests that the Early Middle Ages ( 614–911 CE ) never occurred , meaning that all artifacts attributed to this time period were from other times , and all historical figures were outright fabrications .
One consequence of Illig 's hypothesis is that Charlemagne never existed but is a fictional character .
The vast majority of historians believe this theory to be complete fiction , as all cited evidence can be considered circumstantial .
The Truth is out there , on Area 51 The secretive nature of Area 51 and undoubted connection to classified aircraft research , together with reports of unusual phenomena , have led Area 51 to become a centerpiece of modern UFO and conspiracy theory folklore .
Some of the unconventional activities claimed to be underway at Area 51 include :
The storage , examination , and reverse engineering of crashed alien spacecraft ( including material supposedly recovered at Roswell ) , the study of their occupants ( living and dead ) , and the manufacture of aircraft based on alien technology .
Meetings or joint undertakings with extraterrestrials .
The development of exotic energy weapons ( for SDI applications or otherwise ) or means of weather control .
Activities related to a supposed shadowy world government .
Microsoft sends messages on Wingdings Font The Wingdings Font included with Windows has a history of controversy .
In 1992 , only days after the release of Windows 3.1 , it was discovered that the character sequence " NYC " in Wingdings was rendered as Skull and crossbones symbol , Star of David , and thumbs up gesture .
This could be interpreted as a message of approval of killing Jews , especially those from New York City .
Microsoft strongly denied this was intentional , and insisted that the final arrangement of the glyphs in the font was largely random .
Various other combinations of Wingings characters are alleged to have special significance by conspiracy theorists , but these results are likely purely coincidental .
U.S. military caused the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami Popular Arab news services claim the U.S. and Indian militaries deliberately caused the Indian Ocean tsunamis with electromagnetic pulse technology .
Another type of theory bases its claims on oil and gas interests .
Others also reason that the technology is at least feasible if not highly probable since research into such technology has been conducted by the military as far back as World War II .
The Nazis had a Moon Base Esoteric Hitlerists and conspiracy theorists interested in Nazi mysticism and World War II have speculated that the Germans landed on the Moon as early as 1942 .
According to other theories it is believed that the Nazis had made contact with ' half a dozen ' alien races , including the malevolent Reptilians .
Kentucky Fried Chicken makes black men impotent
It is sometimes claimed that the Kentucky Fried Chicken franchise is owned by the Ku Klux Klan , and the chicken is laced with a drug that makes only black men impotent .
Ironically , the KFC franchise is actually owned by an African - American .
Submit to : Del.icio.us Netscape Furl Facebook Send by Email
Just follow the directions and stare into the middle , it does work better on full screen ( p.s. nothing pops up and scares you , scroll to the end first if you want to check , thats what I did )
Mr Fowler said crop diversity was imperilled not just by a cataclysmic event , such as a nuclear war , " but also by natural disasters , accidents , mismanagement , and short - sighted budget cuts " .
The vault will be built deep in permafrost in the side of a sandstone mountain on the Norwegian island of Spitsbergen , 1,000 km from the North Pole .
Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg will take part in a ceremony of laying the first brick , together with leaders from other northern European countries .
A metre of reinforced concrete will fortify the chamber walls .
Arctic permafrost will act as a natural coolant to protect the samples which will be stored in watertight foil packages should a power failure disable refrigeration systems .
The thick walls , airlocks and doors mean that even if global warming accelerates badly , it would take many decades for hotter air to reach the seeds .
So the seeds can survive for hundreds , and in some cases thousands , of years .
Despite the top - level security arrangements the seed bank will not be under constant guard , except for the numerous polar bears which roam the area .
" It will ultimately house replicates of every known crop variety , as well as have ample capacity to accommodate new variation as it arises naturally , " the statement says .
" Enveloped by permafrost and rock , the samples will remain frozen even if electricity fails .
Samples held in ' black boxes ' will only be released in the event that all other seed sources have been destroyed or exhausted . "
The UN Food and Agriculture Organisation is part - funding the project , also known as an agricultural " Noah 's Ark " .
When launching the project , Norway 's Agriculture Ministry had pointed to the fact that many of the 1,400 gene banks scattered around the world were in developing countries and could come under threats such as famine , natural and man-made disasters .
While the seed banks ' status varies greatly , many , the trust said , are in dire straits , threatening the survival of some of the world 's unique crop varieties .
AFP
Web Two Point Oh !
Create your own Web 2.0 Company
Below you will find a pre-created VC friendly Web 2.0 company just for you !
Hit reload to create another potential million dollar idea
name
Your company name :
product Note : this is just a little programmatic satire .
Any semblance to an actual company is purely accidental and not intentional !
It 's supposed to be funny :) Created by Andrew Wooldridge Version 1.5 , Dec 06th 2005
Your company product : Note : this is just a little programmatic satire .
Any semblance to an actual company is purely accidental and not intentional !
It 's supposed to be funny :)
For another company name generator try this one : https://www.namefresh.com
The deputy speaker said Nigerians should n't forget their cultural heritage
The bill , which could become law before April 's elections , proposes a five - year sentence for anyone convicted of being openly gay or practising gay sex .
Critics say the bill is anti-freedom , but religious leaders say it will help " protect society 's morals and values " .
Homosexuality is taboo across most of Africa , although South Africa recently legalised gay marriages .
The committee conducting the public hearing say they have received over 100 petitions from rights groups asking that the proposed bill be withdrawn .
" The bill is going to seriously violate the rights of people .
This bill is evil and should not be allowed to see that light of the day , " says Alimi Ademola who heads Independent Project Nigeria , a gay rights organisation .
Debate
But the bill will prove popular in a country where homosexuality is taboo and elections are looming , says the BBC's Senan Murray in Abuja .
While we are trying to protect morals and values , we must also remember to protect people 's rights even if they are a minority
MP Abdul Oroh
Parliamentary insiders say the bill is likely to be passed by both chambers of the Nigerian National Assembly by the end of March , he says .
Speaking at the session , Deputy Speaker Austin Opara said he did not want Nigerians to forget their " religious and cultural backgrounds " .
The Christian Association of Nigeria ( Can ) , the umbrella body for Nigerian Christians , called for speedy passage of the law , describing same sex unions as " barbaric and shameful " .
The National Muslim Centre also condemned gay relations as " immoral , and runs contrary to our cultural and religious values " .
The deputy chairman of the house committee on human rights Abdul Oroh says it was hypocritical of proponents of the bill to use morality and religion as basis for their arguments .
" We should not be hypocritical here .
I think we should deal with this subject dispassionately .
While we are trying to protect morals and values , we must also remember to protect people 's rights even if they are a minority , " Mr Oreh said at the public hearing .
The United Nations has warned that the bill would promote the spread of HIV / Aids .
" Failing to acknowledge that sex between men will only increase the vulnerability of men - and women - to HIV infection , since men who cannot talk about their sexual orientation are less likely to seek appropriate support services , " said Dr Pierre Mpele , the UNAids country co-ordinator in Nigeria .
DALLAS ( AP ) 
Faced with complaints that his donkey was too loud , attorney Gregory Shamoun decided to bring his case directly to the court :
He had the donkey testify .
Buddy the donkey appeared in court Wednesday .
He walked to the bench and stared at the jury , the picture of a gentle , well - mannered creature and not the loud , aggressive animal he had been accused of being .
Shamoun was in a dispute with oilman John Cantrell , who had complained to the city about a storage shed Shamoun was building in his backyard in Dallas .
Cantrell said Shamoun retaliated by bringing the donkey from his ranch and putting him in the backyard .
Cantrell complained of donkey noise and manure piles .
" They bray a lot any time day or night .
You never know when they 're going to cut loose , " he testified .
Despite the donkey 's appearance , neither jurors or Buddy had the last say — the neighbors settled their dispute while jurors deliberated .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By Rick Gershon , Dallas Morning News , AP Buddy , the donkey , is led by Ranch Operator Etienne Grimmett and owner Gregory Shamoun into the Justice of the Peace Precinct 3 courtroom .
IN THE higher echelons of the Islamic Republic , people may be losing patience with President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Informed Iranians do not think he risks losing his job .
But plainly he is not as safe as he was .
Conservatives in Iran 's parliament and press blame his extravagance at home and braggadoccio abroad for Iran 's worsening economic malaise and for the unpleasant sense of being ever more squarely in the Americans ' firing line .
In recent weeks , the United States has twice seized Iranians in Iraq , sent another aircraft - carrier into the Persian Gulf and armed Iran 's Arab neighbours with Patriot missiles .
Such moves have been accompanied by a barrage of verbal attacks from top Americans , including the president and his secretaries of state and defence .
Already cock - a- hoop over the defeat of Mr Ahmadinejad 's allies in local elections last month , his domestic critics are keen to blame him for the latest round of American sabre - rattling as well as for last month 's sanctions resolution passed against Iran in the UN Security Council .
It seems that a clutch of senior figures in the regime , perhaps including the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , have endorsed the criticism .
“ Just when the nuclear issue was about to move away from the UN Security Council , the president 's fiery speeches have resulted in the adoption of two resolutions , ” said Hamshahri , a popular newspaper in Tehran , the capital .
Such comments mark a departure from last year , when it was deemed unwise to challenge the government 's performance on the nuclear issue .
Mr Ahmadinejad 's anti-American bluster has also been attacked in light of his recent visit to Latin America , widely viewed as ill - timed and unnecessary .
A reformist daily , Etemaad-e Melli , called the Venezuelan , Ecuadorean and Nicaraguan presidents , who embraced Iran 's president , “ left - wing friends , good for coffee - shop discussions but not for setting our security , political and economic priorities ” .
During the trip , Mr Ahmadinejad announced he would put $ 1 billion into an Iranian - Venezuelan fund to help countries “ free themselves from the yoke of American imperialism ” .
That sharpened the more serious criticisms he faces at home over Iran 's economic performance .
A recent statement signed by 150 members of parliament imposed conditions on the president in drawing up the budget for the next Iranian year , which starts in late March .
The MPs are now calling on him to defend his record before parliament .
It would not be Mr Ahmadinejad 's first run-in with deputies who supposedly share many of his own convictions .
In late 2005 , conservative MPs caused a crisis by rejecting several of the president 's nominees for oil minister , the cabinet 's most important post .
They have since repeatedly questioned his off - the - cuff economic style , which pleases the masses but is disliked by most economists .
A sudden decision last year to raise the minimum wage had to be reversed when it caused job losses and strikes across the country .
On his weekly trips to the provinces , the president is in the habit of dishing out government largesse to petitioners for local causes .
And parliament has accused the government of favouritism in giving big contracts to the Revolutionary Guards without going to tender .
This lavish and sometimes whimsical spending has pushed up inflation and made Iran more vulnerable to oil - price fluctuations .
MPs are increasingly concerned , not least because they face re-election early next year and fear they will be blamed for the country 's economic woes .
The president seems to thrive on controversy .
But he may be in for an unusually rough few months .
Taking his cue from the supreme leader , Mr Ahmadinejad may be well advised to dampen his oratory and submit a prudent budget to parliament .
But that is not his usual style .
Before we get going , here are some alternate titles for this post , just to give you an idea of what I ’m trying to get at before I actually , you know , get at it :
You ’re probably wondering why Yahoo bought Konfabulator
An update on Google Browser , GooOS and Google Desktop
A platform that everyone can stand on and why Apple , Microsoft , and , yes , even Google will have to change their ways to be a part of it
The next killer app : desktop Web servers
Does the Mozilla Foundation have the vision to make Firefox the most important piece of software of this decade ?
Web 3.0
Finally , the end of Microsoft ’s operating system dominance
Now that your hyperbole meter has pegged a few times , hopefully the rest of this will seem tame in comparison .
( And apologies for the length … I got rolling and , oops , 2500 words .
But many of them are small so … )
Way back in October 2004 , this idea of how the Web as a platform might play out popped into my head , and I ’ve been trying to motivate myself into writing it down ever since .
Two recent events , Yahoo ’s purchase of Konfabulator and Google ’s release of a new beta version of Google Desktop have finally spurred me into action .
But back to October .
At the Web 2.0 conference , Stewart pulled me aside and said something like , “ I think I know what Google is doing with Google Browser . ”
From a subsequent post on his site :
I ’ve had this post about Adam Bosworth , Alchemy and the Google browser sitting around for months now and it is driving me crazy , because I want all the credit for guessing this before it happens .
So , for the record , if Google is making a browser , and if it is going to be successful , it will be because there is a sophisticated local caching framework included , and Google will provide the reference apps ( replying to emails on Gmail or posting messages to Google groups while on the plane ) .
At the time , Adam Bosworth had been recently hired by Google for purposes unknown .
In a blog post several months before he was hired , Bosworth mused about a “ new browser ” :
In this entry , I ’m going to discuss how I imagine a mobilized or web services browser handles changes and service requests when it is n’t connected .
This is really where the peddle hits the metal .
If you just read data and never ever alter it or invoke related services ( such as approving an expense report or booking a restaurant ) then perhaps you might not need a new browser .
Perhaps just caching pages offline would be sufficient if one added some metadata about what to cache .
Jean Paoli has pointed out to me that this would be even more likely if rather than authoring your site using HTML , you authored it as XML “ pages ” laid out by the included XSLT stylesheets used to render it because then you could even use the browser to sort / filter the information offline .
A very long time ago when I was still at Microsoft ( 1997 ) we built such a demo using XSLT and tricky use of Javascript to let the user do local client side sorting and filtering .
But if you start actually trying to update trip reports , approve requests , reserve rooms , buy stocks , and so on , then you have Forms of some sort , running offline , at least some of the time , and code has to handle the inputs to the “ Forms ” and you have to think through how they are handled .
A couple weeks later , Google introduced the first iteration of their Desktop Search .
To me , the least interesting thing about GDS was the search mechanism .
Google finally had an application that installed on the desktop and , even better , it was a little Web server that could insert data from your local machine into pages you were browsing on google.com .
That was a new experience : using a plain old Web browser to run applications locally and on the Web at the same time .
So this is my best guess as to how an “ operating system ” based on the Web ( which I will refer to as “ WebOS ” ) will work .
There are three main parts to the system :
The Web browser ( along with other browser - ish applications like Konfabulator ) becomes the primary application interface through which the user views content , performs services , and manages data on their local machine and on the Web , often without even knowing the difference .
Something like Firefox , Safari , or IE…ideally browser agnostic .
Web applications of the sort we ’re all familiar with : Gmail , Flickr , and Bloglines , as well as other applications that are making the Web an ever richer environment for getting stuff done .
( And ideally all Ajaxed up to provide an experience closer to that of traditional desktop apps . )
A local Web server to handle the data delivery and content display from the local machine to the browser .
This local server will likely be highly optimized for its task , but would be capable of running locally installed Web applications ( e.g. a local copy of Gmail and all its associated data ) .
That ’s it .
Aside from the browser and the Web server , applications will be written for the WebOS and wo n’t be specific to Windows , OS X , or Linux .
This is also completely feasible , I think , for organizations like Google , Yahoo , Apple , Microsoft , or the Mozilla Foundation to make happen ( more on this below ) .
Compared to “ standalone ” Web apps and desktop apps , applications developed for this hypothetical platform have some powerful advantages .
Because they run in a Web browser , these applications are cross platform ( assuming that whoever develops such a system develops the local Web server part of it for Windows , OS X , Linux , your mobile phone , etc. ) , just like Web apps such as Gmail , Basecamp , and Salesforce.com .
You do n’t need to be on a specific machine with a specific OS … you just need a browser + local
Web server to access your favorite data and apps .
For application developers , the main advantage is that instead of writing two or more programs for multiple platforms ( one for the Web , one for Windows , etc. ) , they can write one app that will run on any machine with the WebOS using the same code base .
Bloglines and NetNewsWire both do about the same thing and have radically different codebases ( Bloglines uses HTML / JavaScript + some sort of backend programming / scripting language while NNW is a Cocoa app only for OS X ) , but a version of Bloglines developed for the above platform could utilize a single codebase .
You also get the advantages of locally run applications .
You can use them when you ’re not connected to the Internet .
There could be an icon in the Dock that fires up Gmail in your favorite browser .
For applications using larger files like images , video , and audio , those files could be stored and manipulated locally instead of waiting for transfer over the Internet .
There are also disadvantages to WebOS applications , not the least of which [ 1 ] is that HTTP + JavaScript+XHTML+CSS
+Flash is not as robust in providing functionality and user interaction as true desktop applications written in Cocoa or Visual Basic .
But as Paul Graham points out , Web applications may be good enough [ 2 ] :
One thing that might deter you from writing Web - based applications is the lameness of Web pages as a UI .
That is a problem , I admit .
There were a few things we would have really liked to add to HTML and HTTP .
What matters , though , is that Web pages are just good enough .
Web pages were n’t designed to be a UI for applications , but they ’re just good enough .
And for a significant number of users , software that you can use from any browser will be enough of a win in itself to outweigh any awkwardness in the UI .
Maybe you ca n’t write the best - looking spreadsheet using HTML , but you can write a spreadsheet that several people can use simultaneously from different locations without special client software , or that can incorporate live data feeds , or that can page you when certain conditions are triggered .
More importantly , you can write new kinds of applications that do n’t even have names yet .
And how about these new kinds of applications ?
Here ’s how I would envision a few apps working on the WebOS :
Gmail .
While online , you read your mail at gmail.com , but it also caches your mail locally so when you disconnect , you can still read it .
Then when you connect again , it sends any replies you wrote offline , just like Mail.app or Outlook does .
Many people already use Gmail ( or Yahoo Mail ) as their only email client … imagine if it worked offline as well .
A Web version of iTunes .
Just like the desktop version of iTunes , except in the browser .
Manages / plays audio files stored locally , with an option to back them up on the server ( using . Mac or similar ) as well .
iTunes already utilizes information from the Internet so well ( Web radio , podcasting iTMS , CDDB , etc. ) that it ’s easy to imagine it as a Web app .
( And why stop at audio…video would work equally as well . )
Flickr .
Manage image files locally and on Flickr ’s server in the browser .
You could even do some rudimentary photo manipulation ( brightness , contrast , red - eye correction , etc. ) in the browser using JavaScript or even Flash .
Prepare a bunch of photos for uploading to Flickr while on the plane ride home and they automatically sync when you next connect to the Internet .
Newsreader .
Read sites while offline ( I bet this is # 1 on any Bloglines user ’s wish list ) .
Access your reading list from any computer with a browser ( I bet this is # 1 on any standalone newsreader user ’s wish list ) .
File backup .
A little WebOS app that helps you back up your files to Apple ’s .
Mac service , your ISP , or someone like Google .
You ’ll specify what you want backed up and when through the browser and the backup program will take care of the rest .
I ’m looking at the rest of the most commonly used apps on my Powerbook and there ’s not too many of them that absolutely need to be standalone desktop applications .
Text editor , IM [ 3 ] , Word , Excel , FTP , iCal , address book … I could imagine versions of these running in a browser .
So who ’s going to build these WebOS applications ?
Hopefully anyone with XHTML / JavaScript / CSS skills , but that depends on how open the platform is .
And that depends on whose platform it is .
Right now , there are five organizations who are or could be moving in this direction :
Google .
If Google is not thinking in terms of the above , I will eat danah ’s furriest hat .
They ’ve already shifted the focus of Google Desktop with the addition of Sidebar and changing the name of the application ( it used to be called Google Desktop Search … and the tagline changed from “ Search your own computer ” to the more general “ Info when you want it , right on your desktop ” ) .
To do it properly , I think they need their own browser ( with bundled Web server , of course ) and they need to start writing their applications to work on OS X and Linux ( Google is still a Windows company ) [ 4 ] .
Many of the moves they ’ve made in the last two years have been to outflank Microsoft , and if they do n’t use Google Desktop ’s “ insert local code into remote sites ” trick to make whatever OS comes with people ’s computers increasingly irrelevant , they ’re stupid , stupid , stupid .
Baby step : make Gmail readable offline .
Yahoo .
I ’m pretty sure Yahoo is thinking in these terms as well .
That ’s why they bought Konfabulator : desktop presence .
And Yahoo has tons of content and apps that that would like to offer on a WebOS - like platform : mail , IM , news , Yahoo360 , etc. Challenge for Yahoo : widgets are n’t enough …many of these applications are going to need to run in Web browsers .
Advantages :
Yahoo seems to be more aggressive in opening up APIs than Google …chances are if Yahoo develops a WebOS platform , we ’ll all get to play .
Microsoft .
They ’re going to build a WebOS right into their operating system …it ’s likely that with Vista , you sometimes wo n’t be able to tell when you ’re using desktop applications or when you ’re at msn.com .
They ’ll never develop anything for OS X or for Linux ( or for browsers other than IE ) , so its impact will be limited .
( Well , limited to most of the personal computers in the world , but still . )
Apple .
Apple has all the makings of a WebOS system right now .
They ’ve got the browser , a Web server that ’s installed on every machine with OS X , Dashboard , iTMS , . Mac , Spotlight , etc .
All they ’re missing is the applications ( aside from the Dashboard widgets ) .
But like Microsoft , it ’s unlikely that they ’ll write anything for Windows or Linux , although if OS X is going to run on cheapo
Intel boxes , their market share may be heading in a positive direction soon .
The Mozilla Foundation .
This is the most unlikely option , but also the most interesting one .
If Mozilla could leverage the rapidly increasing user base of Firefox and start bundling a small Web server with it , then you ’ve got the beginnings of a WebOS that ’s open source and for which anyone , including Microsoft , Google , Yahoo , and anyone with JavaScript chops , could write applications .
To market it , they could refer to the whole shebang as a new kind of Web browser , something that sets it apart from IE , a true “ next generation ” browser capable of running applications no matter where you are or what computer ( or portable device ) you ’re using .
So yeah , that ’s the idea of the WebOS ( as I see it developing ) in a gigantic nutshell .
The reality of it will probably be a lot messier and take a lot longer than most would like .
If someone ends up doing it , it will probably not be as open as it could be and there will likely be competing Web platforms just as there are now competing search engines , portals , widget applications ( Konfabulator , Dashboard , Google Desktop Sidebar ) , etc. , but hopefully not .
There ’s lots more to discuss , but I ’m going to stop here before this post gets even more ridiculously long .
My thanks if you even made this far .
[ 1 ]
Actually , the biggest potential problems with all this are the massive security concerns ( a Web browser that has access to data on your local hard drive ?!!!?? ) and managing user expectations ( desktop / web app hybrids will likely be very confusing for a lot of users ) .
Significant worries to be sure , but I believe the advantages will motivate the folks developing the platform and the applications to work through these concerns .
[ 2 ]
For more discussion of Web applications , check out Adam Rifkin ’s post on Weblications .
[ 3 ] Rumor has it that Google is releasing an IM client soon ( more here ) .
I ’ll be pretty surprised if it ’s not significantly Web - based .
As Hotmail proved for email , there ’s no reason that IM has to happen in a desktop app ( although the alerting is problematic ) .
[ 4 ]
Maybe Google thinks they can’t compete with Apple ’s current offerings ( Spotlight , Dashboard , Safari , iPhoto ) on their own platform , but that ’s not a good way of thinking about it .
Support as many people as you can on as many different architectures as you can , that ’s the advantage of a Web - based OS .
Microsoft certainly has n’t thought of Apple as a serious competitor in the OS space for a long time … until Web applications started coming of age recently , Microsoft ’s sole competitor has been Microsoft .
Oddly Enough
Rare ' Jaws ' sighted - the sequel
Posted
Feb .
8 - Another ' pre -historic ' shark from the ocean deep has been captured in Japan .
The Real Hustle crew shows why you should never pay by check — but if you do , make sure the pen ’s ink is n’t erasable .
Continue reading to watch this segment .
The Real Hustle crew shows why you should never pay by check — but if you do , make sure the pen ’s ink is n’t erasable .
Continue reading to watch this segment .
Last Wednesday , a company called Falling Leaf Systems announced the availability of an alpha of something called the Alky Project .
The Alky Project has a lofty goal : to liberate DirectX 10 gaming from the confines of Vista and bring it first to Windows XP , and then to Linux and OS X .
The project plans to do this by building a converter that can take in a DX10 game executable and spit out a modified version that can be run on a ( non- Vista ) target OS .
The target OS must be x86 - based , which rules out the PPC version of OS X , since the converter does n't do any binary translation .
Ars ' own Joel Hruska spent part of the day today trying to view Alky 's DX10 demos under Windows XP but without success .
He reports back on his efforts as follows :
I spent part of the day trying to view the DX10 demos
Alky recommends , without success .
Attempting to view the recommended DX10 tutorial in requires installation of Visual C++ Express Edition , the DX10 SDK , and the Microsoft Platform SDK for Windows Server 2003 R2 .
Put together , that 's at least 1GB of downloads .
Even after installing all three tools and configuring Visual C++ to include data from the DX10 SDK package when compiling code , I was still unable to successfully run the recommended tutorial .
In short , the provided preview build is anything but a concise demo for the project .
Clearly ,
Alky has a long way to go before even XP users , much less Mac and Linux users , can easily convert DX10 games for use on their platform of choice , but the fact that the alpha does allegedly work for some folks is promising .
To help fund the project , Falling Leaf has set up the Sapling Program , which lets those who donate $ 50 get access to development builds and other perks .
As a Mac user who 's annoyed at the prospect of ever installing Vista on my machine , I wish the folks at Falling Leaf the best of luck with their efforts .
But right now , with a brand new company and a lead engineer who 's a 19 year - old programmer , the Alky Project will have to fight the perception that it 's long on ambition and youthful enthusiasm and short on the amount of financial and human resources that it 'll take to complete a project of this magnitude .
Take this with a wink and a LOL : IM is more formal than you might think .
But hey , guys , your punctuation stinks .
( ( ImgTag||right|null|null|null|false ) )
Instant messaging ( IM ) is a relatively new form of communication , in which two people exchange typed messages instantaneously over the Internet .
Although written , the fact that IM is more immediate and direct than email makes it seem more like speech than writing .
But a recent study of IM - ing by college students found that the communication was more formal - in use of vocabulary and abbreviations - than might be expected in a speech - like medium .
The research also uncovered significant differences in how men and women use the medium .
" The most important finding is that IM by college students does not look like bad writing , " said Naomi Baron of American University .
Baron reviewed 23 different conversations and surveyed 158 students .
When divided along gender lines , the messages between females were more formal - with fewer contractions and better punctuation - than those between males .
" The female IM looks more like a written genre , while the male IM looks more like a spoken genre , " Baron told LiveScience in a telephone interview .
Overall , though , the messages surprised Baron with their level of linguistic sophistication - considering that IM gives the impression that it is something you do " as fast as you can , " she said .
No fashion statement
There has been a recent interest in how teenagers use IM - infusing it with the newest lingo and emoticons - as in the ubiquitous smiley face :-) .
" I had anticipated from what I had read in the popular press about teenagers that the students '
IM would be full of acronyms and abbreviations , " Baron said .
Instead , she found in her sample that the writing was more " natural . "
Out of 11,718 words , there were only 31 abbreviations ( mostly " k " for " ok " ) , 90 acronyms ( mostly " LOL " for " laughing out loud " ) , and only 49 emoticons ( mostly the smiley ) .
Baron presented her results last month at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
She thinks the more writing - like style found in her data may be because the average college student - as opposed to the average teenager - is less concerned with appearing hip to his or her peers .
" Teenagers want to strut their language , " Baron explained , whereas the typical young adult probably finds it takes too much effort to remember what the currently cool acronyms are , or how to make a particular emoticon .
There were also just 121 misspelled words .
" I will have more misspellings in the papers my students turn into me , " Baron said .
" And you have to remember there is no spell check on IM . "
Gender differences
The level of formality was higher among women than men .
In places where a contraction ( like " don't " ) could be used , a female IM - ing another female only used the contraction 57 percent of the time .
" I would have expected 90 percent of the time , " Baron said .
" The females are using a more schooled , standard writing style . "
Guys used contractions 77 percent of the time , and their responses were often shorter than those of the women .
This is not to say there were no informal , speech - like aspects to the gals ' messages .
For example , it took two women on average 41 seconds and nearly 10 exchanges to close a conversation .
This is similar to the prolonged goodbyes that characterize face - to - face communication .
Men , perhaps not surprisingly , ended their IM sessions more than twice as quickly .
Multitasking
The study also found that most of the students multitask - searching the web , playing games , eating , studying - while instant messaging .
Perhaps you have an IM conversation going as you read this .
" Adults do a little multitasking , " Baron said .
" But students have raised multitasking to a fine art . "
They also carry on multiple IM conversations at the same time .
The average was 2.7 , and some students have 12 conversations going simultaneously .
" One of the students said that IM is language under the radar , " Baron said .
Like music playing in the background , the students do not put all of their attention into IM , Baron surmised .
If that 's the case , they must have subconscious spell - checkers .
The write way to say it
There are as many emoticons as there are emotions , and then some .
Here is a tiny sample :
:-) Basic smiley ;-)
Winking :-( Frowning :*)
Drunk :-) ~
Drooling >:->
Devilish :-& Tongue tied |- O Yawning / snoring :-/ Skeptical
LiveScience SOURCE : The Unofficial Smiley Dictionary
Has this ever happened to you ?
When you face down failed attempts to diet and watch your weight loss , only to find out that your body starts shutting down after a few weeks of success ?
This stalement occurs far too often , whether the person is using a proven method like real HCG or another popular weight loss technique that ’s also proven effective .
Your scale stops moving daily and you just ca n’t seem to make any progress anymore .
This is the point that nearly all dieters fail , but there are many ways a person can also overcome these problems and kickstart their progress once again .
These plateaus are common and have been identified in hundreds of studies as being a significant detriment to weight loss .
Your body is designed to adapt to changes in the foods you eat , which means that it will make changes to your metabolism to continue your present weight and prevent weight loss .
In order to keep your body from hitting these plateaus , you need to keep your body guessing , changing up your diet , your exercise regimen and you food intake regularly so that your body will burn more stored fat to meet these demands .
Root Out Problems in Your Diet
It ’s not advisable to restrict your diet to a handful of calories per day , at least without outside help from other methods like HCG or metabolic boosters .
The key is really just to avoid processed foods , and make your diet about raw and natural foods primarily .
Though there is always some general advice on the number of carbs to eat per day ( 50 - 55 % of your calories for example ) many people experience breaks in plateaus when they switch from carb heavy to protein heavy and visa versa .
Other people may be more sensitive to other things , such as fat intake , or caloric content in general , so changing this up as well may be sufficient to break plateaus .
Increasing How Often You Have Meals
One of the easiest ways to boost your metabolism if you ’re struggling during your diet is to split up your food intake into a few meals per day .
Rather than just 3 ( or 2 meals as is often the case ) you should increase this to 5 smaller meals to keep your metabolism working all day long .
This helps tremendously , as your body will process and consume that food and assume more is coming shortly .
This helps boost your metabolism substantially .
This is also one of the most effective ways to control cravings , which are often a major problem for dieters .
Change Up Your Calorie Intake
If you cut calories massively , sure you will lose weight quickly .
There ’s no doubt about that , but eventually your body will adapt and begin to conserve its stored fat as well .
Prolonging this period is possible with help from things like the HCG hormone , but it ’s not often able to be achieved through normal calorie deficit means .
Your body will enter starvation mode quickly , and you will burn far fewer calories .
This loss of metabolic rate is hard to control , and merely exercising will not guarantee that it will remain high .
As a result , it ’s advised that dieters switch up their caloric intake and avoid staying on the same calories per day over long periods of time .
You want to switch between a normal diet , and a low calorie diet , so that your body loses the fat on the low calorie days and increases your metabolism on the more normalized days .
Unless you ’re doing something that helps maintain metabolism , like the HCG hormone , this is the best solution .
Increase your Duration and Frequency
Many people use exercise to help them along in their weight loss .
This is certainly a great addition to any weight loss methodology , even those that typically say they do n’t require it .
A good number for cardiovascular exercise is try to get at least 30 minutes in per session , or at least 3 hours per week total .
This may not be achievable with your schedule , in which case doing more rigorous muscle building exercises like weight training helps to burn fat as well .
Muscle helps to burn fact quickly .
If you are regularly lasting upwards of 60 minutes on your workouts , the next thing if you ’re not receiving results is to check out the frequency of the exercises .
You should be aiming for several times per week for exercise , though you can go as much as seven or so times per week !
This can really turn your results around and help you to increase your metabolism .
My current car is a hybrid , and if current trends continue , I imagine any future cars I buy will be fully electric .
But a century ago , I might have been tempted by one of the last steam - powered cars … at least , if I ’d been extremely wealthy .
I ’m speaking of Doble steam cars , designed and manufactured by Abner Doble and his three brothers .
On the plus side , they required very little maintenance , accelerated rapidly , handled smoothly , had low emissions , and were virtually silent .
On the minus side … pretty much everything else .
Fill It Up…with Water
In the early years of the 20th century , some cars were powered by steam engines , based on the same tried - and - true technology that had already powered locomotives for a long time .
The newfangled internal combustion engines rapidly stole the show , though .
Unlike steam engines , which sometimes took as long as a half hour to heat up before the car could even move , internal combustion engines started immediately .
They did n’t require the driver to stop every hundred miles to refill a water tank , and they generally had fewer mechanical problems .
By around 1910 , the only major steam - powered car still in production was the Stanley Steamer — and its days were numbered .
The battle had been decided .
Not everyone was convinced , though .
Abner Doble was a San Francisco native who had moved to Massachusetts in 1910 to attend M.I.T .
He dropped out after just one semester and , along with his three brothers , began working on improving the design of steam engines for cars .
Doble ’s first major innovation was extending the steam car ’s range .
All existing steam - powered cars lost a lot of water and had to be refilled frequently .
Doble made innovative changes to the condenser system that recirculated water ; in so doing he increased the car ’s range to as much as 1500 miles ( 2400 km ) with a full 24 - gallon ( 91 - liter ) water tank .
( Of course , that was only the distance it could travel without a water refill .
It used kerosene to heat the water , and the fuel mileage per gallon was not great , but it was still similar to that of conventional cars of that era . )
Full Steam Ahead
After building a couple of prototype vehicles , the Doble brothers moved to Detroit in 1915 , where they set up shop as the General Engineering Company to design and build steam - powered cars .
Doble ’s next challenge was to solve the long start - up problem .
He did this by using a flash - steam generator rather than heating a huge tank of water , and adding ignition and carburetor systems similar to those used by internal combustion engines .
With these improvements , his car could start in as little as 30 seconds .
This design also had the side - effect of reducing leaks and making the steam engine safer .
The Dobles began advertising their car — the Doble Series C , also known as the Doble - Detroit — long before they ’d worked out the rest of the design and manufacturing issues .
Although the Doble - Detroit got a lot of press and generated thousands of orders , very few were built .
( Some sources say only 11 were manufactured , others as many as 80 — but in any case , it was just a handful . )
Doble blamed his company ’s failure to produce cars on steel shortages caused by World War I , but ongoing engineering difficulties were the real problem .
By 1918 , the Detroit operation had shut down .
In 1921 , after the death of John Doble , Abner and his two remaining brothers moved back to California to give the car business another go , this time as Doble Steam Motors .
They solved most of the outstanding engineering problems and added several more innovations , increasing the car ’s acceleration and improving its reliability .
Unlike other steam cars — and most internal - combustion - engine cars — their new Series E car could start almost instantly even in freezing weather , and could go from 0 to 75 miles per hour ( 120 k ph ) in a respectable 10 seconds .
Because steam engines produce a great deal of torque at almost any speed , the car required no transmission , clutch , or gear shifting .
And because the kerosene fuel was burned at very high temperatures but low pressure , almost all the waste carbon was consumed , while certain other common pollutants were never generated in the first place .
Driven to Perfection
And yet , for all those innovations , Doble cars were still hindered by two major problems .
First was the price : the chassis alone cost $ 9,500 ; add the body , and the price nearly doubled .
In the 1920s , that sort of price made the car a luxury item that only the extremely wealthy could afford .
The other problem was Abner Doble himself : he was such a perfectionist that he was seldom willing to stop tinkering and tweaking and actually release an automobile for sale .
The first Doble Series E was sold in 1924 , and Doble Steam Motors continued to manufacture steam - powered cars — very slowly — for the next seven years .
The total number produced before the company went out of business in 1931 has been reported variously as 24 , 42 , or 43 .
A few of those cars are still on the road , having racked up hundreds of thousands of miles .
But despite the cars ’ reliability , Doble simply could n’t compete against the cheaper mass - produced internal - combustion - engine cars .
Today most people think of the steam engine ( an external combustion engine ) as a quaint artifact of history , but every few years or so , someone tries to come up with a new spin on using steam to power cars .
Given current trends , I have little hope of seeing a practical , fuel - efficient steam car in the future .
But I have to admire the Doble brothers ’ dedication to overcoming engineering problems and making the best steam car they could given the technology of the time and the resources at hand .
Note :
This is an updated version of an article that originally appeared on Interesting Thing of the Day on September 1 , 2006 .
LINCOLN , Neb . —
State investigators here are still trying to figure out who sabotaged Scott Kleeb ’s campaign for Congress last November with a barrage of automated telephone calls to voters .
The unauthorized calls , officials said , distorted Mr. Kleeb ’s views and even used a recording of his voice — sometimes arriving in the middle of the night — with the greeting : “ Hi , this is Scott Kleeb ! ”
Several Nebraska state lawmakers were so outraged by the shenanigans that they are pushing legislation that would impose some of the country ’s most restrictive regulations on prerecorded campaign calls , both bogus and legitimate ones .
Similar bills are in the works in Florida , Michigan , Missouri , Wisconsin and at least a dozen other states , prompted in large part by telephone calls authorized by campaigns during last year ’s elections .
“ Get rid of them , ” said Stan Jordan , a Republican state representative in Jacksonville , Fla. , who has sponsored a bill there .
“ When they first started , this was n’t much of a nuisance .
But it ’s epidemic - level now . ”
Nearly two - thirds of registered voters nationwide received the recorded telephone messages , which as political calls are exempt from federal do - not - call rules , leading up to the November elections , according to a survey by the Pew Internet and American Life Project , an independent research group .
The calls , often known as robocalls , were the second most popular form of political communication , trailing only direct mail , the group said .
Reporting findings that help shape our understanding of how tool use has evolved among primates , researchers have discovered evidence that chimpanzees , at least under some conditions , are capable of habitually fashioning and using tools to hunt mammalian prey .
The work [ 1 ] , reported by Jill Pruetz of Iowa State University and Paco Bertolani of the University of Cambridge , will appear online in the journal Current Biology on February 22nd 2007 .
Chimpanzees are well known for their ingenuity in using tools for some tasks , such as obtaining invertebrate insects from logs or pounding open hard nuts , but there had been only fleeting evidence of chimpanzees brandishing tools for bona fide hunting .
In the new work , researchers observed tool use in hunting by the Fongoli community of savanna - dwelling chimpanzees ( Pan troglodytes verus ) in southeastern Senegal .
Chimpanzees were observed making spear - like tools in a step - wise fashion , and subsequently using them with jabbing motions in an apparent effort to obtain lesser bushbabies ( Galago senegalensis ) from cavities in hollow branches or tree trunks .
Bushbabies are nocturnal prosimians that retire to such hidden cavities during the day .
Although there was only one successful attempt in 22 recorded instances of the chimpanzees using the spear - like tools to find and obtain prey , the researchers observed that tool - crafting and associated hunting behavior was systematic and consistent , suggesting that it was habitual .
The hunting behavior included forceful jabbing motions into branch or trunk hollows , and chimpanzees were seen to subsequently open the hollows by breaking wood off from a distance , suggesting that the jabbing actions were intended to immobilize bushbabies , rather than rouse them from their cavities ( bushbabies move quickly and might otherwise easily evade chimpanzees once roused ) .
Two notable aspects of the behavior observed in the Fongoli group were that on the one hand , it is rare for chimpanzees to consume prosimian prey - in other study sites , red colobus monkeys , hunted mainly by males , are the chimps ' most common prey - and on the other hand , the tool use appeared to be primarily restricted to females and immature individuals .
These two behavior characteristics could both be related to the fact that the Fongoli community inhabits a mosaic savannah that is relatively dry , and where red colobus monkeys are absent .
This habitat may promote efforts - such as the observed tool use - to obtain meat through other means .
The authors point out that the females and immature chimpanzees using the spear - like tools appear to be exploiting a niche relatively ignored by males , an observation that supports a previous hypothesis that female hominids played a role in the evolution of the earliest tool technology and suggests that this technology may have included tools for hunting .
[ Primatology , Anthropology ]
Source : Cell Press / PhysOrg
Info on the Fongoli Savanna Chimpanzee Project ( from the National Primate Research Center )
-------
[ 1 ] Based on :
Savanna Chimpanzees , Pan troglodytes verus , Hunt with Tools
Jill D. Pruetz and Paco Bertolani
Current Biology : Online Ahead of Issue - Full citation NYA
Although tool use is known to occur in species ranging from naked mole rats [ 1 ] to owls [ 2 ] , chimpanzees are the most accomplished tool users [ 3 , 4 , 5 ] .
The modification and use of tools during hunting , however , is still considered to be a uniquely human trait among primates .
Here , we report the first account of habitual tool use during vertebrate hunting by nonhumans .
At the Fongoli site in Senegal , we observed ten different chimpanzees use tools to hunt prosimian prey in 22 bouts .
This includes immature chimpanzees and females , members of age - sex classes not normally characterized by extensive hunting behavior .
Chimpanzees made 26 different tools , and we were able to recover and analyze 12 of these .
Tool construction entailed up to five steps , including trimming the tool tip to a point .
Tools were used in the manner of a spear , rather than a probe or rousing tool .
This new information on chimpanzee tool use has important implications for the evolution of tool use and construction for hunting in the earliest hominids , especially given our observations that females and immature chimpanzees exhibited this behavior more frequently than adult males .
-------
Excerpt from Craig Stanford 's ( Department of Anthropology , University of Southern California ) May / June 1995 American Scientist paper " Chimpanzee hunting behavior and human evolution " :
In the early 1960s , when the british primatologist Jane Goodall first observed wild chimpanzees hunting and eating meat in Gombe National Park , Tanzania , it was widely believed that these animals were strict vegetarians .
Skeptics suggested that the diet of the Gombe chimpanzees was aberrant .
Others suggested that the quantity of meat the chimpanzees ate was trivial .
After more than 30 years of research , however , it is now clear that meat is a natural part of the chimpanzees ' diet .
Indeed , hunting has been observed at most of the other sites where chimpanzees are studied across central Africa .
And , it turns out , a chimpanzee community may eat several hundred kilograms of meat in a single year .
To many anthropologists this is a surprising development .
Of all the higher primates , only human beings and chimpanzees hunt and eat meat on a regular basis .
The similarities pose an intriguing prospect :
Might the close evolutionary relationship between chimpanzees and human beings provide some clues to the evolution of our own behavior ?
We do know that the earliest bipedal hominids , the australopithecines , evolved in Africa about 5 million years ago and that they shared a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees shortly before that time .
Unfortunately , the evidence for the occurrence of meat - eating among the early australopithecines is spotty at best .
Primitive stone tools that were made 2.5 million years ago suggest that early hominids had the means to carve the flesh from large carcasses , but we know very little about their diets before that time .
Were they hunters or perhaps , as many anthropologists now argue , scavengers ?
The behavior of chimpanzees may provide a window through which we can see much that has been lost in the fossil record .
There are also some interesting subtleties to the chimpanzees ' hunting behavior that need to be addressed .
Although chimpanzees can and do hunt alone , they often form large hunting parties consisting of more than 10 adult males , plus females and juveniles .
Chimpanzees also go on " hunting binges " in which they kill a large number of monkeys and other animals over a period of several days or weeks .
Such binges have always been a little mysterious .
What could incite a chimpanzee to suddenly forgo plant foraging and turn to hunting ?
Are there social or ecological factors associated with the impetus to hunt ?
What ecological effects does the chimpanzees ' predatory behavior have on their prey ?
In the past five years I have been mindful of such questions as I observed the chimpanzees and their primary prey at Gombe , the red colobus monkey .
Although we are only beginning to understand some of the causes and consequences of the chimpanzees ' actions , what we have discovered is more complicated and more interesting than anyone suspected .
For chimpanzees , meat is not only another way to get nutrients like fat and protein , but a means to make political bonds and gain access to sexually receptive females .
Citation 1995 Stanford , C.B. Chimpanzee hunting behavior and human evolution .
American Scientist 83 ( 3 ) : 256-261 .
Also see The Bwindi - Impenetrable Great Ape Project
-------
David Attenborough video clip * showing how hunting chimpanzees co-ordinate their behavior in order to trap and kill ( then eat ) a colobus monkey :
* From The Trials of Life : A Natural History of Behaviour , a BBC nature documentary first broadcast in 1990
-------
The video footage below has n't any commentary but is accompanied by the following text by kambizkamrani : " Adolescent female Tumbo isolates a potential spear and modifies it .
She begins to jab it into a tree to spear her prey .
She then climbs the tree and begins jumping on the large limb , which eventually breaks off , allowing her to reach in and retrieve the prey , a bushbaby ( Galago senegalensis ) . " - watching the National Geographic video " Video : Chimps Make and Use ' Spears ' to Hunt " first may help .
Recent posts include :
" Birth rate , competition are major players in hominid extinctions "
" Ancient Chimpanzee Tools fuel Evolutionary Debate ( Video ) "
" Study revises understanding of primate origins "
" Humans and Chimps : Close But Not That Close . . "
" What Makes Us Different ?
( TIME Magazine ) "
" Evolution of primate gene expression ( Nature Reviews Genetics ) "
Technorati : evolution , primatology , anthropology , chimpanzees , chimps , jane goodall , david attenborough , video , hunting , tools , evidence , bushbabies , biology , spear , monkeys , technology , primate , primates , behavior , human , trials , life
« 2005 年12月27日 | メイン | 2005 年12月29 日 »
2005 年12月28 日
私がグーグルのアドワーズ広告を止めた理由
昨日は、アンテナハウスが、インターネットの広告に見切りをつけて、JRの秋葉原に看板を出したことをお話しました。これはグーグルのアドワーズ広告で大変に残念な経験をしたからです。
これについて、私は半年以上にわたって公開するべきかどうか、自問自答を重ねて考えてきました。しかし、公開するほうが世の中のためになるだろうとの結論に至りましたので、2005年の年末にあたり、ここに顛末を公開します。
グーグルのアドワーズ広告は、検索結果の画面に検索のキーワードに関連するテキストの広告を表示するものです。グーグルで検索しますと、検索結果が表示されているページの右側に「スポンサー」という欄があります。
ここに表示される広告がアドワーズ広告です。この広告をクリックすると、広告に関連付けられたWebページが表示されます。広告の表示順序は、広告主が設定したクリックあたりの単価になっているようです。
ですので、自社 のWebページが、検索で上位に出てこない場合でも、アドワーズ広告を使ってWebの集客が可能になるわけです。広告主への課金は、クリック数に応じた課金で、しかも従来のクリック課金の広告より安いという大変に合理的な広告に思えます。
そこで当社は、世界の市場で販売するXSL
Formatterの販売促進手段として最適と考え、英語版のXSL
Formatter のWebページへのリンクを広告に掲載しはじめました。
当時、XSL Formatterの競合の製品が既に広告を出していたこともあり、当社は１クリック単価を比較的高めに設定しました。その後、キーワードをいろいろ工夫して増やし、また、広告の表現（メッセージ）を工夫することで、クリック数を増やすように努力しました。2004年5月から2005年2月まで、次の図のように順調なクリック数の増加を見ています。
異変が起きたのは、2005年3月のことです。
■2004年5月から2005年3月までのXSL
Formatter アドワーズ広告月間クリック数の推移
上の図を見ますと直ぐに気がつくと思いますが、2005年3月のクリック数が急激に増加しています。3月だけを取り出して、毎日のクリック数を見ますと次の図のようになります。
■2005年3月１日から毎日の1日あたりクリック数
3月の16日から毎日のクリック数が200件を超え、18日602件、19日475件、20日590件、21日390件、22日550件となっています。23日は131件と少し減りましたが、24日
376件、25日631件となっています。
3月のクリック数の変化が起きる時点で、私の方では特に、アドワーズ広告の設定値の変更を行ったわけではありません。
このアドワーズ広告は、１クリックあたりの単価を広告主が設定することができ、グーグルからはクリック数×クリック単価にあたる金額を請求してきます。支払いは10万円毎にクレジットカードで支払うという方式です。いまは分かりませんが、当時はクレジットカード以外の支払いを認めていませんでした。
このため、クレジットカード請求が数日に1回届くということになってしまったわけです。次の表は、クレジットカード会社からの報告書に載っている、グーグルから来たクレジットカード請求日と請求金額です。
請求金額の単位は円です。また、全て同一のクレジットカードに対する請求です。
請求日 請求金額 請求日 請求金額 請求日 請求金額 請求日 請求金 額
1月2 日 102,999 2月1 日 100,512 3月2 日 109,300 4月1 日 100,988 1月8 日 100,340 2月6 日 103,609 3月7 日 104,806 4月17 日 53,077 1月17 日 98,878 2月10 日 104,050 3月10 日 103,778 4月28 日 108,243 1月24 日 103,593 2月14 日 101,728 3月14 日 100,651 1月28 日 105,535 2月17 日 65,734 3月17 日 107,885 2月21 日 103,101 3月19 日 98,376 2月25 日 105,203 3月21 日 101,297 3月23 日 108,330 3月26 日 99,045 3月31 日 102,373 1月合計 511,345 2月合計 683,937 3月合計 1,035,841 4月合計 262,308
※当時は、XSL Formatterのほか 、PDF（日本語)などの広告も出していました。従って、上の請求金額には、XSL
Formatter関連広告とPDF関連などの広告に対する請求金額の合計となります。クリック数のグラフと1対1対応ではありませんので、ご注意ください。
さて、請求額の急増に驚いて、急いでグーグルに問い合わせをしました。（続く）
投稿者 koba : 08:00 | コメント ( 0 ) | トラックバッ ク
While the unprecedented size of OOXML ( over 6,000 pages ) has made performing a detailed review a daunting task , more and more contradictions are being found by those that are slogging their way through on this very tight timeframe .
Here is a sampling of those that people have brought to my attention :
During the first one - month step , any member may submit " contradictions , " which , loosely defined , means aspects in which a proposed standard conflicts with already adopted ISO / IEC standards and Directives .
Those contradictions must then be " resolved " ( which does not necessarily mean eliminated ) , and these resolutions are then presented back to the members during the second stage to consider as part of the voting package .
During this second , five - month step , other objections , questions and comments can be offered by members .
( For more detail on the rules relating to contradictions and what can be raised during this phase , see the excellent writeup at the OpenDocument Fellowship site . )
Regular readers will be aware that OOXML , the Microsoft Office XML - based formats adopted by Ecma , are now in the adoption queue at ISO / IEC .
Ecma is a " Class A Liaison " partner with ISO / IEC , which permits it to use the same Fast Track process that national standards bodies use .
That process takes six months - the same amount of time that the PAS process takes ( the route used by OASIS to submit ODF to ISO / IEC ) – but has two steps rather than one , although the practical result is much the same .
Starting with the somewhat silly , OOXML does not conform to ISO 8601:2004 " Representation of Dates and Times .
" Instead , OOXML section 3.17.4.1 , " Date Representation , " on page 3305 , requires that implementations replicate a Microsoft bug that dictates that 1900 is a leap year , which in fact it is n't .
Similarly , in order to comply with OOXML , your product would be required to use the WEEKDAY ( ) spreadsheet function , and therefore assign incorrect dates to some days of the week , and also miscalculate the number of days between certain dates .
More substantively in the contradiction department , OOXML does not follow ISO 639 " Codes for the Representation of Names and Languages . "
That standard defines a list of codes that are maintained by a Registration Authority charged with keeping the list current as ethno- linguistic changes evolve .
Instead , section 2.18.52 , " ST_LangCode ( Two Digit Hexadecimal Language Code ) " ( page 2531 ) says that you must use a fixed list of numeric language codes rather than the already existing set that provide for interoperability among other standards - compliant products – a not unimportant factor in a text standard .
Updated 9-29-07 : Peter Constable , the Project Editor of ISO 639 - 3 , contacted me to say that the statement above is inaccurate , stating in part that OOXML , " happens also to allow for a set of integer identifiers defined by Microsoft , provided for backward compatibility with existing documents , but that does not contradict its usage of ISO 639 , " and requesting that I correct the record .
I then checked with my original source , who responded as follows : I 'd direct Mr. Constable to DIS 29500 , Part 4 , Section 2.16.5.35 ( page 1540 ) .
The definition of the " / z " field argument says " The text in this switch 's field - argument is specifies the language ID used to generate the index as defined in the ST_LangCode ( § 2.18.52 ) simple type . "
If he further references 2.18.52 he will see that ST_LangCode in no way uses ISO 639 language codes .
However , it should be noted that there are other sections in OOXML where ISO 639 codes are allowed , but as the above example demonstrates , there is at least one place where OOXML permits only the non-standard Microsoft codes , in contradiction of the existing ISO standard for language codes .
It therefore appears that my statement was both right and wrong on this point , and that OOXML is both compliant in some sections , but not compliant in at least one section .
End Update
Similarly , 6.2.3.17 " Embedded Object Alternate Image Requests Types ( page 5679 ) and section 6.4.3.1 " Clipboard Format Types " ( page 5738 ) refer back to Windows Metafiles or Enhanced Metafiles – each of which are proprietary formats that have hard - coded dependencies on the Windows operating system itself .
OOXML should instead have referenced ISO / IEC 8632 " Computer Graphics Metafile " – a platform neutral standard .
Taking the external reference issue further , I 'm told that parts of OOXML can't be implemented by your typical programmer at all without technical assistance from Microsoft , as they refer not only to proprietary Microsoft products , but to undocumented parts of them as well – which violates the General Principles of ISO / IEC Directives , Part 2 .
Consider the following , from section 2.15.3.26 ( page 2199 ) :
2.15.3.26 footnoteLayoutLikeWW8 ( Emulate Word 6.x/95/97 Footnote Placement )
This element specifies that applications shall emulate the behavior of a previously existing word processing application ( Microsoft Word 6.x/95/97 ) when determining the placement of the contents of footnotes relative to the page on which the footnote reference occurs .
This emulation typically involves some and / or all of the footnote being inappropriately placed on the page following the footnote reference .
[ Guidance :
To faithfully replicate this behavior , applications must imitate the behavior of that application , which involves many possible behaviors and cannot be faithfully placed into narrative for this Office Open XML Standard .
If applications wish to match this behavior , they must utilize and duplicate the output of those applications .
It is recommended that applications not intentionally replicate this behavior as it was deprecated due to issues with its output , and is maintained only for compatibility with existing documents from that application .
end guidance ]
Typically , applications shall not perform this compatibility .
This element , when present with a val attribute value of true ( or equivalent ) , specifies that applications shall attempt to mimic that existing word processing application in this regard .
[ Example : Consider a WordprocessingML document with a series of footnotes .
If this compatibility setting is turned on : Then applications should mimic the behavior of Microsoft Word 6.x/95/97 when determining the placement of those footnotes on the displayed page , as needed .
end example ]
Other parts of OOXML refer to OLE , macros / scripts , encryption and DRM – none of which are fully described .
Nor has Microsoft stated whether necessary information will be supplied on a non-discriminatory basis to all ( or at all ) .
And taking that concern a step further , consider the fact that OOXML also apparently violates section 2.14 of the ISO / IEC Directives , Part 1 , in that not all of what it takes to implement OOXML appears to be covered by Microsoft 's patent pledge , in two respects .
First , the pledge does not explicitly cover material that is referenced , but not included in the specification , and second , the Microsoft patent commitment does not cover optional features .
Sections of OOXML that are not fully described include those that require compliant implementations to mimic the behavior of Microsoft products , such as those products and capabilities referred to above ( OLE , etc. )
Microsoft will need to clarify whether its patent commitment will in fact extend to these requirements .
Potentially , these concerns would involve large portions of OOXML , in contradiction of the ISO / IEC requirement that more than a bare - bones implementation must be permitted without fear of infringement .
All in all , as the waitress in the Monty Python vignette would doubtless have observed ( if contradictions were rats ) , " Rather a lot , actually . "
As the February 5 deadline for report ing contradictions approaches , I expect that you 'll be hearing of many more examples such as these .
Eventually , they will all become publicly available , along with the proposed resolutions .
Some , such as the patent pledge ambiguities , are clearly addressable by Microsoft if it wishes to address them .
Other contradictions would seem to be impossible to resolve given the nature of OOXML itself , the stated purpose of which is to describe a single vendor 's product – bugs , rats and all .
Updated : Pamela Jones and her crew have set up two very impressive pages at Groklaw , in Wiki format .
The first allows interested parties to find and log in contradictions and objections , while the second tracks the ISO / IEC process .
Pamela 's own detailed writeup can be found here .
For further blog entries on ODF , click here
subscribe to the free Consortium Standards Bulletin
( and remember to Buy Your Books at Biff's )
The Albuquerque Journal has an article out this morning with new details regarding the firing of New Mexico US Attorney David Iglesias .
Here 's the short version .
Iglesias was not on the DOJ 's hitlist prior to the 2006 election .
In October , Senator Domenici called Iglesias and asked if a local Democratic political official would be indicted before the election .
Iglesias said no .
After the election , well , I 'll let the article pick up the timeline :
WASHINGTON  Americans overwhelmingly support a congressional investigation into White House involvement in the firing of eight U.S. attorneys , and they say President Bush and his aides should answer questions about it without invoking executive privilege .
In a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll taken Friday - Sunday , respondents said by nearly 3 - to - 1 that Congress should issue subpoenas to force White House officials to testify .
There is skepticism about the motives of both the administration and congressional Democrats :
• By 53 % - 26 % , respondents say the U.S. attorneys were dismissed primarily for political reasons , not because they were n't doing their jobs well — as Attorney General Alberto Gonzales has said .
• By 59 % - 30 % , they say Democrats are investigating the dismissals mostly for political advantage , not because of ethical concerns .
Even so , the findings underscore the president 's risks .
The White House last week offered to allow adviser Karl Rove and other aides to answer questions — but only in private , not under oath , and without a transcript being prepared .
The Senate and House judiciary committees have authorized subpoenas .
The poll finds little sympathy for the administration 's claim that White House aides should n't have to testify to ensure that a president gets candid advice .
By 68 % - 26 % , those surveyed say the president should drop the claim of executive privilege in this case .
That 's similar to the public 's view in 1998 when asked if President Clinton 's aides should testify about the Monica Lewinsky affair .
Interest in this controversy is much lower than it was in the Lewinsky scandal , however .
Only 14 % are following the U.S. attorneys story very closely ; 32 % are following it somewhat closely .
One in five say they are n't following it at all .
On whether Gonzales should resign , Americans are split : 38 % say he should go and 38 % say he should stay ; 24 % have no opinion .
Partisanship plays a big role .
Republicans by 52% - 20 % say Gonzales should stay in the job .
Democrats by 53 % - 27 % say he should resign .
Independents divide almost evenly .
Enlarge By Ron Edmonds , AP The White House last week offered to allow adviser Karl Rove , right , and other aides to answer questions — but only in private and not under oath .
What does FEMA do ?
Matt 34 comments Latest by Ana
Spotted by The Daily Show : About FEMA >
What We Do
“ In truth , FEMA did exactly what they said they were going to do . ”
- Jon Stewart
[ also via Presentation Zen ]
int @a = 0 ; // declare an integer variable a , which is initially 0 .
//
/**/
=
;
@foo
@foo
foo
char @b = ' B ' ; // b can be any character - initially , ' B ' .
( The audience gasps ! )
value @c ; // c can be any value - character , number , list , whatever .
4 @d ; // d is always the number 4 .
' E ' @e ; // e is always the character ' E ' .
" ffFF " @f ; // f is always the string " ffFF " .
[ 4,3, 2,1 ] @g ; // the constant list [ 4, 3,2,1 ] .
[ int , int ] @h = [ 2,7 ] ; // any list of exactly two integers ; initially [ 2,7 ] .
[ int , 1,int ] @i = [ 200,1,-200 ] ; // any list of 3 integers with 1 in the middle .
[ int , int , int , int , int ... ]
:
[ int : 7 ] @j = [ 0:7 ] ;
[ int , int , int , int , int , int , int ] @j = [ 0,0,0,0,0,0,0 ] ;
[ 1:4 , 2 , 3:2 , 4 ] @k ; // the list [ 1,1,1,1,2,3,3,4 ]
[ 'aci ' , 'e ': 8 , 'd ' ] @m ; // the string " acieeeeeeeed " .
Aside : I hope you found that last example a bit startling .
We 're using the comma
operator to build a string out of three sequences of characters - ' aci ' , 'e ': 8 and ' d ' .
The last one is just a single character ; the other two are structures known as " list fragments " .
They 're almost , but not quite lists .
Some more examples of list fragments and the operators that generate them ...
4,5
' h ' , 'e ' , 'l ' , 'l ' , 'o '
1:6 //equivalent to 1,1,1,1,1,1 .
' hello ' //equivalent to ' h ' , 'e ' , 'l ' , 'l ' , 'o ' .
1..5 // the " range " operator : equivalent to 1,2,3,4,5 .
' 1 ' ..' 5 ' //equivalent to ' 12345 ' .
/ [ 4,5 ] //equivalent to 4,5 - the / operator is
the inverse of [ ] .
Some of these look a bit like tuples in Python , but actually they 're rather different : for a start , list fragments cannot contain other list fragments , because the only way to merge them is concatenation .
The only thing you can make is one big list fragment , not a hierarchy .
List fragments can be stored in a variable ...
@n = 1,2,3,4 ;
... concatenated with the comma operator ...
44,n,99 , n,44 // equivalent to 44,1,2,3,4,99,1,2,3,4,44 ;
... and if you put a list fragment in square brackets , you get a full - fledged grownup list that you can index and do useful things with .
[ n ] // equivalent to the list [ 1,2,3,4 ] .
Yep , this is the same " every value is a single - element list " philosophy that I talked about in the last post .
Unfortunately , since then I 've realised that people will find it confusing that both [ 1,2,3 ] and 1,2,3 are legal ( but subtly different ) syntax for lists , and it 'll be a pain having to convert between the two when something is supplied in the wrong form , and so on .
I had to pick one as the " default " syntax : [ 1,2,3 ] won .
Now a list fragment is a list that 's been deliberately disabled : to index it you have to put square brackets around it .
Ok , where was I ...?
[ char:int ] @o = [ ] ; // a list containing any number of characters .
[ char * ] @p = [ ] ; // the same thing .
( but more convenient . )
4¦5 @q = 4 ; // can be either 4 or 5 - initially 4 .
> 0 @r = 1 ; // any number greater than 0 .
>=0 @s = 0 ; // any number greater than or equal to 0 .
[ int : > =1 ] @t = [ 0 ] ; // a list of one or more integers .
[ int + ] @u = [ 0 ] ; // same thing .
!null @v = 45 ; // any value except ' null ' .
! 0 int @w = 4 ; // a non-zero integer .
>-100 < 100 !0 int @x = 4 ; // a non-zero integer between - 100 and 100 .
@natural = int > =0 ; // any natural number .
@vowel = ' a ' ¦'e '¦ ' i ' ¦ 'o '¦'u ' ¦ ' A'¦ 'E '¦ ' I ' ¦ ' O '¦ 'U ' ; // any vowel .
natural @y = 4 ; // a variable containing any natural number .
vowel @z = 'o ' ; // a variable containing any vowel .
Practicalities :
natural @abs ( int @i )
{
.. if ( i >= 0 )
.... return i.assert( natural ) ;
.. else
.... return ( - i).assert ( natural ) ;
}
( type ) value
static - cast < type > ( value )
value.assert( type )
natural @abs ( int @i )
{
.. if ( i.is( natural ) )
.... return i.assert( natural ) ;
.. else
.... return ( - i).assert ( natural ) ;
}
natural @abs ( int @i )
{
.. if ( i.is( natural @n ) )
.... return n ;
.. else
.... return ( - i).assert ( natural ) ;
}
natural @abs ( int @i )
{
.. where i.is( natural )
.... return i ;
.. else
.... return ( - i).assert ( natural ) ;
}
Regular expressionescence :
@teststring = " hello " ;
" foo "
[ ' foo ' ]
[ 'f ' , 'o ' , 'o ' ]
[ 'h ' , 'e ' , 'l ' , 'l ' , 'o ' ]
if ( teststring .is( [ char * , 'o ' , char * ] ) ) ...
if ( teststring.contains ('o ' ) ) ...
if ( teststring.contains ( vowel ) ) ...
if ( teststring .contains ( 'l ' , 'l ' ) ) ...
if ( teststring .contains ( [ 'l ' , 'l ' ] ) ) ...
if ( teststring .contains ( char @x , x ) ) ...
if ( teststring .contains ( char @x , char* , x ) ) ...
// when used in a function declaration instead of the return type ,
// the " is " keyword signifies that it 's actually a type declaration .
//
The resultant type can only accept values for which the function
// body returns true .
is @even ( int @n )
{
.. n.mod( 2).is( 0 ) ;
}
even @x = 2 ;
even @y = 3 ; // compiler complains because 3.mod ( 2 ) is 1 , not 0 .
// in Flan , what would be a template in some languages
// is simply a function that returns a type .
// oneof ( [ 1,2,3 ] ) is equivalent to the type 1¦2¦3 .
is @oneof ( [ value * ] @v ) ( value @x )
{
.. v.contains (x ) ;
}
// some useful types for characters :
@digit = oneof ( [ '0 '..' 9 ' ] ) ;
@lowercase = oneof ( ['a '..'z ' ] ) ;
@uppercase = oneof ( [ ' A '..' Z ' ] ) ;
@letter = lowercase ¦uppercase ;
@alphanum = letter¦digit ;
@whitespace = ' ' ¦ '\t'¦ '
' ¦ '\r ' ;
// a type that matches strings from " 0 " to " 255 "
is @string0to255 ( [ digit:1..3 ] @s )
{
.. s.toNumber ( ).is( >=0 < =255 ) ;
}
string0to255 @str1 = " 177 " ;
string0to255 @str2 = " 256 " ; // compiler complains
// a type that matches IP addresses
@ipAddress = ( / str0to255 , '.') :3 , /str0to255 ;
// one ( inefficient ) way to implement the " contains " method we saw earlier .
bool value .
@contains ( type @t )
{
.. return this .is( [ value * , t, value * ] ) ;
}
I felt startled when I read Tim Sweeny 's language proposal ( pdf ) .
Perhaps that 's not exactly the word - I felt vindicated .
The sort of things he says he wants from a language are exactly the sorts of things I 've been desigining in my experimental programming language , Flan .
Not too surprising , I suppose , since the two of us are in the same field One of the key features of Flan is its type system .
You can have type - checking applied statically or dynamically , and you can make types more - or - less as restrictive or as loose as you want .
In the end , it turns out that you can use this one system to do Prolog or Haskell - style data deconstruction , SQL - style filtering and pattern - matching , Eiffel - style compile - time contracts , and a really readable version of regular expressions .
Although such flexible type systems seem to be in vogue lately , I 've actually been working out the details of this system for several years now .
Let 's start with a demo of Flan 's static type declarations :
To quickly summarize : the basic syntax is C. Comments are marked withand , assignment with , statements delimited with .
( Because as far as I 'm concerned , if it ain't broke , do n't fix it . )
As I 've mentioned before means " create a new variable called foo " .
If you 're used to Perl or Ruby it takes a little time to adjust to declaring variables withand then using them with just - but I 'm finding that the more I use this syntax , the more I like it .
It turns out that it even helps people learn the language .
You know when you look at a piece of code in an unfamiliar language , and you 're not sure which identifiers are being declared , and which have been declared elsewhere ?
That simply does n't happen in Flan .
Some more examples : Notice that compile - time constants do n't need special treatment in this system : they 're just variables with a very constrained type .
Flan supports lists as first - class values , denoted Python - style with square brackets and commas .
( Yeah , that 's different from what I said last time ; bear with me . )
If you 're making a long list , this gets annoying - you do n't want to have to write , so you can instead use , the " repeat " operator .... is the same as ... This is a very flexible system .
For example , you can mix and match commas and colons ... Oh yeah .
For even more flexibility , the colon operator can be followed by an arbitrary type instead of a number :
That * operator is just one of the operators that let you construct complex types ... You can also intersect types to make stricter types - just write them in series one after another .
And finally , all of these types are first class values : you can store them in variables , return them from functions , and so on .
Flan 's equivalent of a C typedef expression is just a normal assignment :
Wow , that was a lot of code snippets .
If it 's a lot to digest , do n't worry about it too much ; for now let 's move on to a discussion .
The first question that probably comes to mind is - " Hey , did n't you call these static type declarations ?
How can you check a type like '> 0 ' at compile time ?
" Well , there are several ways .1 ) Simple case : for a literal value or constant , e.g. " 7 " , the value is known at compile time and can obviously be checked .
2 ) Marginally less simple :
If another variable is declared as the same type ( or a stricter one ) , its contents are always guaranteed to be acceptable , so you can assign one to the other .
And the same goes for function calls with an appropriate return type .
3 ) Explicit type cast :
If you 're certain that a variable will satisfy a given type restriction , the " .assert " method allows you to force it to be treated as that type .
Here 's an example of this used in a function declaration ... Yep , this is the equivalent of a static typecast in C .
As Bjarne Stroustrup has said , the syntaxfor casts in C was a rather unfortunate choice .
Slightly dodgy operations like this should not be quite so hard to search for and hard to see .
Unfortunately , I feel C++ overreacted with - it 's a ridiculously cumbersome construct .
So far , seems to be a good middle ground .
As the name implies , the program will halt ( in debug builds ) if a type can't cope with the value it 's given ; another feature lacking from C's casts .
4 ) Explicit type check :
If you do n't know whether a value satisfies a type , test it at runtime .
For example : Every value supports the " .is " method - it 's essentially the same as the " is " operator in C# .
It takes a type as a parameter , and returns true or false depending on whether that type will accept the value .
Unfortunately , as seen above , once you 've determined that a value is of a given type , you usually want it to be treated as a value of that type ... but in a statically - typed language , you 'll have to explicitly cast it .
This is a pain in the arse .
To simplify cases like this , Flan lets you declare a new variable inside your pattern - match expression :
Even cleaner , if you 're doing this with a local variable , a " where " statement can be used to temporarily narrow its type :
In effect , within the body of the where statement , the type of the variable ' i ' becomes ( natural int ) .
Frankly I 'm not completely happy with the syntax of the " where " statement , but I 'm definitely happy with how useful it is .
As I develop the language further , I 'm sure more conversion expressions will continue to suggest themselves .
We 've now reached the point where I can demonstrate Flan 's regular expression - like structures , as I mentioned earlier .
The expressionsandare all equivalent .
In other words , this defines that teststring is a list of characters :
Here we 're defining a new type - " lists that contain some characters , then an 'o ' , then some more characters " - and testing whether " hello " is accepted by that type .
Yes , it contains an 'o ' , so it 's accepted .
The test above is pretty cumbersome .
Simple stuff should be simple , so instead of " is " , you probably want to write " contains " : What if you did n't care about ' o ' , but wanted to look for any vowel instead ?
Simple : ( This is using the ' vowel ' type I declared earlier . )
What if you want to search for a particular sequence of characters , instead of a single character ?
Yes , " hello " does contain two consecutive 'l's .
In case you were wondering , no , the contains function does not have a form that takes two arguments .
I hope you were paying attention earlier : it 's actually taking a list fragment !
Notice that there are n't any square brackets here .
We did n't write : That would treat teststring as a list of strings , and look to see whether any of them was the string " ll " .
( The test would fail , because teststring is n't a list of strings . )
Ok , so far so good .
What if you wanted to generalise this to accept any double letter ?
Well , I already showed how to declare temporary variables within a type .
You can reuse these variables within the same pattern , like so :
What if you do n't care whether the characters are consecutive ?
No problem ... I could keep going , but hopefully you get the idea .
( This post has already taken an unhealthy amount of time to write , anyway ... )
Although the Flan type system can't compete with the terseness of conventional regular expressions ( they 're pathologically terse ) , I think it 's significantly more readable - mainly thanks to the way it lets you compose an expression out of simpler expressions .
Thanks for reading !
I 'll leave you with some more examples of Flan code ...
For many more , check out the previous post from the series , Pop -up Potpourri : June Bugs .
Let 's start things off with Carl Witthoft , who received this pop -up survey after searching for some information at hellomoto.com ...
David Stricker was surprised to see just how far Papa John 's will go to deliver a pizza .
Unfortunately , he lives 1,002 miles away ...
Talk about versatile , J.B. Langston was thrilled to see that Remedy 's call tracking system is able to handle Xanthemedies ' complaint about broken amphorae on his olive shipment from 352 BC ...
JD received this after a game he was playing ( " Sacred " ) crashed .
If only Henrik left his number ...
As if the London train system was n't twisted enough , Tom Worleyt found himself in the imaginary carriage floating above the tracks behind the last carriage ...
I 've included this next pop-up from Chris Nuechtern as the counterpoint to the countless " An error occurred .
Please try again . " messages that plague us all ...
Tristan Hartskeerl was disappointed to see that Nero would only let him burn at 4 x instead of 4 x ...
" Uhhhhhh .... " was Joe Kaiser 's exact words when RockXP displayed this after generated his password ...
I hate it when programs say they 'll use " 50 Megs " but really only use " 49,308,622 bytes . "
Thankfully , as Matt discovered , Windows Update is not one of those programs ...
Mike Padula was a bit worried when he saw that his Windows Server was n't activated , but figured he should be able to put it off for a little while ...
Daniel came across this next one .
Now technically this is by design ... but is n't that kinda like saying : although I can't let you without the secret word , I 'd be happy to tell you what the secret word is ...
Out of all the billing systems out there , who would have thought that Simplenet servers would be anti-2008 'ers -- you know , those who discriminate against folks like David Person who have credit cards expiring in '08 ...
George Newman Gates unknowingly participated in the " 100,000 monkeys =? Shakespeare " experiment when he tried out a program called " The Circle " ...
I suppose I 'll wrap things up with a screen shot from Matthew D. Groves .
It reminds me of that one saying ... err , how did it go ?
Irony is a dish best served lukewarm ?
Encouraged by recent successes in local elections , opposition factions , democracy activists , and pro-reform clerics say they will bring together progressive parties loyal to former president Mohammad Khatami with so - called pragmatic conservatives led by Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani .
The alliance aims to exploit the president 's deepening unpopularity , borne of high unemployment , rising inflation and a looming crisis over petrol prices and possible rationing to win control of the Majlis in general elections which are due within 10 months .
Parliament last week voted to curtail Mr Ahmadinejad 's term by holding presidential and parliamentary elections simultaneously next year .
Though the move is likely to be vetoed by the hardline Guardian Council , it served notice of mounting disaffection in parliament .
But opposition spokesmen say their broader objective is to bring down the fundamentalist regime by democratic means , transform Iran into a " normal country " , and obviate the need for any military or other US and western intervention .
Rightwing political and religious forces , divided and dismayed by Mr Ahmadinejad 's much - criticised performance , are already mobilising to meet the threat .
The movement amounts to the clearest sign yet within Iran that the country is by no means unified behind a president who has led it into confrontation with the west over the nuclear issue , while presiding over economic decline at home .
" The past two years have been a very bitter time for Iran , " said Mohammad Atrianfar , a leading opposition figure with ties to Mr Rafsanjani , the former president now emerging as a likely future kingmaker in Iran .
" Ahmadinejad has done everything upside down - politics , economy , foreign policy - putting all our achievements at risk .
He has done a lot of damage at home and abroad . "
Mr Atrianfar said that a majority in the Majlis was now critical of the president and would certainly impeach him but for the support he enjoyed from the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
According to Ali Alavi of Siyasat-e Ruz newspaper , some 150 political activists , governors - general , former administration officials and dissident MPs drew up a coalition " victory strategy " at a secretive conference last month presided over by Mr Khatami .
The strategy envisaged " aggravation of the differences among the fundamentalists " and " constant criticism of Ahmadinejad " by " presenting a dark image of the country 's affairs , " Mr Alavi said .
Opposition sources said that a future reformist - pragmatist government would continue to maintain Iran 's claim to nuclear energy and other " national rights " but would seek to settle disputes through talks .
Iran wanted a " normal " relationship with the rest of the world based on mutual respect , the opposition sources said .
In an oblique swipe at Mr Ahmadinejad , Mr Rafsanjani told the weekly Friday prayer meeting in Tehran that the nuclear issue should be settled by negotiations " conducted in a rational atmosphere " .
Mr Atrianfar said the economy was the battleground on which Iran 's political future would be decided .
The president has faced mounting criticism in recent weeks over high unemployment , especially among younger people , rising inflation and escalating housing costs .
Significantly , for a major oil producer , heavily subsidised petrol prices are due to rise next month , hitting poorer people hardest in a country with poor or non-existent public transport .
" They are playing with fire .
Nobody wants to take responsibility for this .
It 's going to blow up in their faces , " said Hussein Dirbaz , a resident of Narmak , the Tehran suburb where Mr Ahmadinejad was brought up .
In an unusual intervention , Grand Ayatollah Yusef Sa'anei , one of Iran 's most respected Islamic scholars , has attacked Mr Ahmadinejad 's government for failing to tackle social ills such as youth unemployment , drug addiction , and gender inequality .
In a rare interview with a western newspaper at his office in the holy city of Qom , Mr Sa'anei said : " The government should be at the service of the people .
But it is putting too much pressure on the people .
" It bans newspapers , sends people to jail , segregates boys and the girls at the universities , makes noise about hijab . "
A senior government official said the rising tide of criticism directed at Mr Ahmadinejad was unwarranted .
" People say we do n't care but that 's not true .
We 've created more credit , more jobs .
" It 's too soon to say [ Ahmadinejad ] has failed .
It 's too soon to say the reformists will win . "
Observers claim that a power struggle is inevitable .
" A very big battle is coming .
It 's unavoidable , " a western diplomat said .
" There 's a widening gulf between the two sides .
There are profound divisions about which way Iran should go .
It 's going to get very rough . "
The looming power struggle could decide whether Iran continues on a path of confrontation with the west or comes in from the cold , the diplomat said .
If you require a glass replacement , finding competent glaziers is your best bet for restoring the value of your building .
Not only do glaziers in Brisbane offer excellent glass replacement services at affordable prices with no upfront fees , but they also provide flexible terms and often have no callout costs .
Whether you are looking for simple glass repairs or extensive glass replacements , you will always have quick access to professional glass services as well as emergency services .
For businesses and homeowners alike , glaziers in Brisbane offer a full range of services .
Glass replacement can be a daunting task for a lot of home and business owners .
Glass must be replaced when necessary , but also it should be replaced correctly so that the glass does not break .
When hiring a glazier in Brisbane , there are a few things you should consider before you make a final decision .
When is the Right Time to get Glass Replaced ?
First and foremost , glass replacement Brisbane must be completed properly .
Companies like Simons Glass are professionals in glass replacement services .
It would help if you chose a glazier that offers a professional level of service .
This means the company you select should be able to perform the repair or replacement task promptly .
You should always inquire about what kind of time frame the company has when it comes to glass replacement .
Glass replacement must be done quickly and correctly to prevent further damage to the property .
When hiring a glazier in Brisbane , it is also essential that you know the type of glass you have in your home or business .
It is widespread for individuals to purchase glass from various manufacturers such as Corian , Kaiser , and many others .
There are several different types of glass that are available in the market today .
It is essential to make sure you choose a company that sells replacement glass that is compatible with the type of material you have in your home .
How Much WIll a Glass Replacement Cost in Brisbane ?
It is essential to look into the price of glass replacement .
While it is easy to go to the nearest store to have your glass replaced , there are times when you need to save money .
For this reason , it is essential to find a reputable company in Brisbane that offers affordable options for glass replacement .
And can provide quality services to meet all of your needs .
When choosing a company , it is also essential to find out how long they have been in business .
By finding out how long a company has been in place , you will have an idea if the company is a reputable one .
It is a common practice to hire a company that is more than five years old .
This way , you know that the company has a track record for offering quality services and is not just starting .
It is also a good idea to check on company reviews online as well .
How Do I Know if the Company I ’m Hiring is Reliable ?
Third , it is essential to ask about the company ’s credentials .
You should choose a company that has a reputation for providing quality products .
Numerous companies claim to replace the glass but are only concerned with their bottom line .
You should also consider the warranty and return policy when looking for a glass replacement company .
A reputable glass replacement company will offer both free estimates and service and support if you have a problem or issue during or after the service has been provided .
Many of the glass replacement companies also offer money - back guarantees in case there is a problem during or after the service has been rendered .
Also , ensure that the company will provide you with the latest information on the products they offer because technology changes regularly .
Today 's story is about beer , and about the unexpected consequences that the combined energy and global warming crises have on its price , but it also more generally about the unpredictable links we find between apparently unrelated issues as we push the limits on the exploitation of the earth 's resources .
The immediate story is this :
Blow for beer as biofuels clean out barley
The rapid expansion of biofuel production may be welcome news for environmentalists but for the world 's beer drinkers it could be a different story .
Strong demand for biofuel feedstocks such as corn , soyabeans and rapeseed is encouraging farmers to plant these crops instead of grains like barley , driving up prices .
Jean - François van Boxmeer , chief executive of Heineken the Dutch brewer , warned last week that the expansion of the biofuel sector was beginning to cause a " structural shift " in European and US agricultural markets .
One consequence , he said , could be a long - term shift upwards in the price of beer .
Barley and hops account for about 7 - 8 per cent of brewing costs . (...)
" In the US , land that was cultivated for growing barley has been given over to corn because of the ethanol demand , " said Levin Flake , a grains trade analyst at the US department of agriculture .
The biofuels boom , motivated by a combination of subsidies and regulation , is already creating plenty of problems while doing very little to solve the underlying issue , our gas - guzzling habits ...
Ethanol is now required as a fuel additive in the USA as a substitute to MBTE , an additive that was found to be noxious ; it is also seen as a home - grown substitute for gas produced from oil , and a renewable one at that , thus helping to solve two problems in one go : dependency on Middle Eastern oil , and carbon emissions .
The problems with that approach are numerous .
The first one , endlessly discussed , is that biofuels provide a pretty weak substitute for oil , as their production ( at least for so - called ' first generation ' biofuels such as those made from corn ) still requires a lot of oil in the context of our current energy - intensive agriculture .
The second , which is slowly emerging , is the ripple effects that the rapid switch to biofuels is creating in other sectors , starting with the impact on corn prices ( as demand for the crop skyrockets ) , and continuing with similar consequences on other crops that are now being displaced by corn as farmers try to take advantage of higher prices .
What we are seeing is what appears to be increasingly desperate efforts by our industrial model to switch from one input to another as shortages appear - and propagate , and we keep on discovering new bottlenecks .
Resource scarcity is spreading , and the looming shortages implied in these skyrocketing prices suggest with increasing force that we are really going to need to start thinking about the demand side of the equation , instead of always looking for new solutions on the offer side .
All our resources are at stake , and it 's simply not going to be easy to reduce demand for one by finding substitutes - we 're going to have to learn to do with less of * everything * , soon .
: : ::
In this context , KKR 's announcement that it was purchasing TXU for a record $ 44 bn ( in the largest private equity deal ever ) comes with an interesting twist , and a highly relevant one here :
How Green Green - Lighted the TXU Deal
It 's a turn of events in a bitter feud between environmentalists and the highly profitable Texas utility giant that no one could have predicted .
Until two weeks ago , representatives from the Environmental Defense and the Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC ) thought they were in for a long , drawn out battle with TXU over its unprecedented $ 10 billion plan to build 11 coal - fired plants in Texas .
The plants would have more than doubled the amount of carbon dioxide the company sends into the atmosphere .
Indeed , TXU 's plans had turned into a national referendum on coal - generated electricity .
City mayors , business and religious leaders , and the state of Oklahoma joined forces with the environmentalists to fight the project .
But instead of fighting , the environmental groups helped to broker a deal with the private equity groups , sharply reducing the number of coal - fired plants to be built in Texas .
Given the fierce resistance to TXU 's plans , the private equity firms had decided that they would only go ahead with their takeover bid if they had buy - in from environmentalists and could work to turn TXU into a leader on environmental issues .
That led to William Reilly , a longtime conservationist - turned - private equity investor at Texas Pacific Group , to reach out to environmental groups and get them involved in working out a deal under the type of deadline more common to boardrooms than environmental meetings .
(...)
But Reilly and his other private equity partners did n't want to go ahead without an agreement from the environmental groups to pull back their opposition and support the buyout .
" Smart money knows that global warming is real and that a sophisticated approach to this is good business , " says David Hawkins , one of the negotiators for the environmental groups .
What this means is another linkage in that tale - that of Wall Street big money with " greenery " .
One of the reasons for the skyrocketing corn and other related crop prices is the sheer amount that has poured into the sector in record time , lead by private funds and private equity firms who are seeing great opportunities to make money in fast growing sectors with a good image .
They are investing massively in all sorts of new technologies , from wind to solar to various carbon sequestration or compensation mechanisms , and are helping develop the industry at record speed .
While this is obviously a good thing , and it is helping the renewable energy sector grow and be taken seriously ( and it is helping the traditional energy sector shed its most polluting practices , as in the case of TXU above ) , it is also ensuring that other bottlenecks are being reached increasingly fast .
Fundamentally , the muscle of the financial firms in that sector is still focusing on improving the offer side of the equation .
It 's great , but it 's not enough .
We need to find smart ways to reduce our consumption of energy , or we 'll end up running out of beer before we run out of fuel in our desperate quest for endlessly available energy .
This image was lost some time after publication .
Razer , makers of the Diamondback mouse , has come up with its successor :
The Copperhead , which is supposedly the world 's fastest gaming mouse .
It boasts 2,000 DPI laser precision , 32 kb onboard memory ( in a mouse ? ! ) , 7 programmable " hyper response " buttons , up to three customizable weights , and way more features than a mouse should have , all for the name of boosting your gaming performance .
Advertisement
Frankly , I just like how it looks .
Mm .. pretty blue glow .
Razer Zone [ Razer via Focusplay ]
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Iraq is 60 to 65 percent Shiite Arab , 12 to 15 percent Sunni Arab , and 18 to 20 percent Kurd .
But it ’s not a neat breakdown :
The big cities , where the majority of Iraqis live , are thoroughly mixed , and many Iraqis live in blended Sunni - Shiite families ; some call themselves “ Sushi . ”
Sunnis were favored by Saddam Hussein and the Baath party , whose fall gave rise to a Shiite backlash ; today , most ordinary Iraqis are horrified by sectarian violence but turn to their own groups for protection .
Shiites
Shiism is a minority branch of Islam followed by about 10 percent of all Muslims , including nearly all of Iran and Bahrain as well as parts of Iraq , Yemen , Lebanon , Azerbaijan , and Afghanistan .
The schism began after the death of the prophet Muhammad in 632 , when one group of disciples followed his cousin and son - in - law , Ali , and a line of imams after him .
“ Shia ” is short for Shiat Ali , or “ followers of Ali . ”
Many Shiites believe that the 12th imam , Muhammad al Mahdi , did not die but went into hiding , and will reappear as a messiah .
Sunnis often portray Shiites as heretics — a claim that much of Western scholarship has embraced in describing Shiism as a “ sect ” — but the two branches ’ theology differs little , and both read exactly the same Koran .
The Shiite branch is more centralized , with a Vatican - like hierarchy of clergymen led by grand ayatollahs .
Since the 1979 revolution in Iran , Shiism in the activist mold of Ayatollah Khomeini and the Lebanese movement Hezbollah has developed into a militant force across the Middle East , and that strain is now also evident in Iraq .
Sunnis
Islam ’s majority branch is dominant in Saudi Arabia , Egypt , North Africa , Turkey , Pakistan , Bangladesh , and Indonesia .
Rather than following Ali , Sunnis ( from sunna , “ tradition of the prophet ” ) consider Muhammad ’s father - in - law , Abu Bakr , to be the prophet ’s legitimate successor and the first in a line of caliphs ( “ commanders of the faithful ” ) ; Shiites believe Abu Bakr usurped the post .
The vast majority of Sunni clerics are apolitical , moderate , and concerned chiefly with religious law and theology ; the minority hardline strains are associated chiefly with the back - tobasics fundamentalism of the Salafi movement and the Saudi - based Wahhabi school .
The most militant and political Sunni elements emerged in the 20th century in a string of activist movements starting with the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood and culminating in Al Qaeda .
Kurds
An ancient , mountain - dwelling ethnic group numbering perhaps 30 million in all , with 5 million in Iraq , the Kurds — who are mostly Sunnis , but politically align with whomever will support their goals — have revolted numerous times in Iraq , Iran , and Turkey .
Ever since U.S. and British warplanes established a no- fly zone in northeast Iraq in the 1990s , Iraqi Kurds have enjoyed de facto autonomy , a privilege enshrined in the new constitution .
But many want full independence , and their political leadership has staked a claim to the mixed Kurdish and Arab city of Kirkuk and its massive oil fields .
Seizing Kirkuk could spark civil war with Iraq ’s Arabs and provoke an intervention by Turkey , which fears few things more than an oil - rich Kurdish entity on its border .
Language lovers :
Registration is now open for the 9th Annual ICFP Programming Contest !
http://icfpcontest.org
The contest , associated with the International Conference on Functional Programming , will be held on the weekend of July 21 - 24 .
The contest task will be released at noon EDT on Friday , and entries will be accepted until noon EDT on Monday .
Registration is free and open to all .
Teams may participate from any location , and may use any programming language (s ) .
Last year , 360 participants formed 161 teams from 26 countries .
Prize money totaling $ 1750 US will be awarded to help defray the costs of travel to the conference for the winners and for small cash prizes .
In addition , the winners of the contest will receive bragging rights for the programming language of their choice .
This makes the contest a popular avenue for demonstrating the superiority of a favorite language , or for exercising an experimental tool .
Though the specifics are secret until the contest begins , we promise that this year 's task will be very different from past competitions .
This year 's theme is " computational archaeolinguistics . "
Stay tuned for more information as the contest approaches !
- 2006 Contest Organizers
CMU Principles of Programming Group
icfpcontest-organizers@lists.andrew.cmu.edu
Capt Nowak denies attempting to kidnap Capt Colleen Shipman
Nasa said the move did not reflect on the innocence or guilt of Lisa Nowak , 43 , who remains a naval officer .
Capt Nowak allegedly drove 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) to confront her rival for the love of a space shuttle pilot and was found with weapons in her car .
Ms Nowak is believed to be the first astronaut to be fired publicly .
Air training
A spokeswoman for Capt Nowak said Nasa 's decision had been anticipated .
Nasa said the move was by " mutual agreement " between itself and the navy .
Capt Nowak was placed on 30 days ' leave after her arrest and that period was to end on Thursday .
Capt Nowak and Cmdr Oefelein had a " two to three year " affair
She is likely to be assigned to naval air training in Texas , although her job has not been specified .
It was from Texas that Capt Nowak began her long drive to Florida to confront her rival , Capt Colleen Shipman .
Capt Nowak said she wore a nappy on the journey to Orlando in Florida so she would not have to stop to use the toilet .
Capt Nowak , who flew to the international space station last July , then allegedly confronted Capt Shipman at Orlando International Airport , disguised in a wig and trench coat .
Police say Capt Nowak pepper sprayed Capt Shipman 's car .
Capt Nowak was stopped allegedly carrying the wig , an air rifle , a steel mallet , a knife and copies of e-mails between Capt Shipman and the pilot , Cmdr William Oefelein .
US prosecutors this week released a number of the e-mails , along with other documents in the case .
In one paper , Capt Shipman said she expressed concern about Capt Nowak to Cmdr Oefelein , asking : " Is there gonna be some crazy lady showing up at my door , trying to kill me ? "
Capt Shipman said : " He said , ' No ... she 's not like that .
She 's fine with it .
She 's happy for me ' . "
Capt Nowak has denied attempting to kidnap Capt Shipman .
Sign up for the Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
1 “ Robot ” comes from the Czech word robota , meaning “ drudgery , ” and first appeared in the 1921 play R.U.R. ( Rossum ’s Universal Robots ) .
The drama ends badly when the machines rise up and kill their creators , leaving a sole lonely survivor .
2 They say it was an accident .
The first known case of robot homicide occurred in 1981 , when a robotic arm crushed a Japanese Kawasaki factory worker .
3 More than a million industrial robots are now in use , nearly half of them in Japan .
4 Archytas of Tarentum , a pal of Plato ’s , built a mechanical bird driven by a jet of steam or compressed air — arguably history ’s first robot — in the fifth century B.C .
5 Leonardo da Vinci drew up plans for an armored humanoid machine in 1495 .
Engineer Mark Rosheim has created a functionalminiature version for NASA to help colonize Mars .
6 Slow but steady :
The real Mars robots , Spirit and Opportunity , have logged 10.5 miles trudging across the Red Planet formore than three years .
The unstoppable droids were built to last 90 days .
7 The United States ’ military corps of 4,000 robots includes reconnaissance Talon bots that scout for roadside bombs in Iraq and PackBots that poked around for Osama bin Laden ’s hideout in Afghanistan .
Apparently without much success .
8 PackBot ’s manufacturer , iRobot , has also sold more than 2 million Roomba robotic vacuum cleaners , with the same environment - sensing technology .
9 Low tech vs. high tech : Taliban fighters in Afghanistan have reportedly used ladders to flip over and disable the U.S. military robots sent to scout out their caves .
10 Elektro , the world ’s first humanoid robot , debuted in1939 .
Built by Westinghouse , the seven - foot - tall walking machine “ spoke ” more than 700 words stored on 78 - rpm records to simulate conversation .
11 Life is tough in Tinseltown : Elektro later appeared in the 1960 B movie Sex Kittens Go to College .
12 R2 - D2 is the only character that appears unchanged ( by aging , say , or a funky black outfit ) in all six Star Wars movies .
13 R2 ’s dark secret :
It was played by actor Kenny Baker , who by the end was mostly given the boot and replaced by CGI .
14 Chris Melhuish of the Bristol Robotics Laboratory created robots that use bacteria - filled fuel cells to produce electricity from rotten apples and dead flies .
The goal : robots that forage for their own food .
15 Mini Me : Australian researchers are trying to build a microrobot that would mimic the swim stroke used by E. coli bacteria .
It would be injected into a patient so it could take a biopsy from the inside .
16 Cybernetics professor Kevin Warwick calls himself the world ’s first cyborg , with computer chips implanted in his left arm .
He can remotely operate doors , an artificial hand , and an electronic wheelchair .
17 Winebot , built by Japan ’s NEC System Technologies and Mie University , can ID scads of different wines , cheeses , and hors d’oeuvres . . . up to a point .
It recently mistook a reporter ’s hand for prosciutto .
18 MIT ’s Media Lab is trying to make robots personal , developing RoCo — a computer with a monitor for a head and neck — and Leonardo , a sort of super - Furby designed to respond to emotional cues .
19 No strings attached !
Robotics expert Henrik Christensen predicts humans will be having sex with robots within four years .
20 Hans Moravec , founder of Carnegie Mellon ’s RoboticsInstitute , predicts that robots will emerge as their own species by2040 .
“ They could replace us in every essential task and , in principle , operate our society increasingly well without us , ” he concludes , oddly cheery .
A MATHS genius who won fame last week for apparently spurning a million - dollar prize is living with his mother in a humble flat in St Petersburg , co-existing on her $ 74 - a - month pension , because he has been unemployed since December .
Grigory " Grisha " Perelman stunned the maths world when he revealed in 2002 his solution to a century - old puzzle known as the Poincare Conjecture .
But friends say he cannot afford to travel to the International Mathematics Union 's convention in Madrid , where his peers want him to receive the maths equivalent of the Nobel Prize tomorrow , but is too modest to ask anyone to underwrite his trip .
Friendster lost steam .
Is MySpace just a fad ?
danah boyd
March 21 , 2006
Citation : boyd , danah .
2006 .
" Friendster lost steam .
Is MySpace just a fad ? " Apophenia Blog. March 21 .
http://www.danah.org/papers/FriendsterMySpaceEssay.html
[ Note : this is an essay that would 've been a blog post but it got too long . ]
A lot of folks have asked me " What went wrong with Friendster ?
Why is MySpace any different ? "
I guess i never directly answered that question , even though i've addressed the causes in other talks .
Still , i guess it would be helpful to piece some of it together and directly attend to this question .
There is no single answer , but there are a lot of factors that must be considered .
To an outsider , Friendster and MySpace seem identical .
But they are far from that .
They are rooted in different cultural practices and values .
People use them differently and they relate to them differently .
If you want to understand the differences , you need to understand the history , the decisions that were made , and how these decisions affected practice .
Let me address some of the most critical components .
Social technologies succeed when they fit into the social lives and practices of those who engage with the technology .
When Friendster launched , it was quickly inhabited by populations who had good reasons to connect with each other .
By and large , the early adopters were living in a region different from their hometown ( or living in their hometown post - college and cranky about it ) .
Finding " lost " friends was a fun game - people wanted to connect .
Of course , connecting is not enough and it was bound not to last , but it was fun .
Connecting is also the initial activity of newcomers on MySpace , but they move beyond that quickly .
Of course , it never completely goes away , especially since MySpace acknowledges that not all " friends " are friends and no one bats an eye if someone collects hundreds of people .
It 's more like a process of namaste - i acknowledge your soul and you acknowledge mine .
MySpace did not try to force people 's connecting practices into pre-existing ideas of what should be .
They let the practice evolve as users saw fit , without criticism , without restriction .
As it evolved , people did new things with it .
They used it to flirt , to advertise bands and activities , to offer cultural kudos .
Friendster 's early adopters were 20 - somethings .
While many did not come to Friendster to get laid ( just as they say they do n't go to bars to get laid ) , places where large numbers of hott singles hang out are bound to attract other singles , regardless of whether or not they want to admit that they 're looking for sex .
Friendster was a free site where people could meet other interesting people ; at the same time , rejection was OK because no one was actually _looking_ to meet someone .
Sex is still the reason why people use the site , particularly gay men .
This was a big gain for Friendster and , also a gain for MySpace .
Given its singular focus , Friendster was much more successful at supporting this than MySpace , making certain that search worked and was meaningful and that relationships meant something .
Of course , that also curtailed its growth tremendously .
Friendster launched at a time when the economy was slow and many web - minded 20 - somethings were slacking at menial jobs that they did n't care about ( particularly in the SF region where people were only coming out of post - bust depression ) ; many web - minded folks were happy to spend hours futzing online .
Economic factors have changed and many web - minded have found interesting jobs .
This is only a small cause of Friendster 's loss of this group , but one that should be acknowledged .
Friendster was a new thing , full of interesting content that motivated people to surf and surf and surf .
Surfing motivated people to post more interesting things .
Games emerged .
Games were squashed by the company .
Surfing got super duper slow .
Friendster became less novel and more restrictive and , thus , more lame .
MySpace launched at a time when some of the game - minded were still enthusiastic and the enthusiastic surfers wanted to find more kitsch crap .
They jumped on MySpace , created all sorts of culture and profiles complete with massive amounts of media , and helped figure out how to hack the system to make the profiles more expressive .
MySpace did n't stop them .
As a result , the cultural enthusiasm was nurtured and it grew and grew and grew ...
MySpace realized that people were promoting events on Friendster .
They contacted promoters and got them to engage with the " cool " people on the site by promoting LA - based events .
From this , there was the emergence of band profiles , giving musicians an opportunity to create identity and have a place to point fans to .
Music is cultural currency .
20 - somethings want to know how to get on the list .
Young people follow music and celebrities .
Other young people follow the young people that follow music .
Music played a critical role in increasing its popularity , simply by giving it cultural currency amongst celebrities and by marking MySpace as " cool . "
( Even teens who do n't care about music recognize that music differentiates people and is part of the " cool " narrative . )
Both Friendster and MySpace saw a drop in ages .
Friendster squelched this fast because they saw themselves as a dating site .
MySpace supported it with different features and a drop in age limit as they realized there was more to sites like this than dating .
Youth and alienated populations are inclined to spend more time going through identity development processes because they are trying to " figure out who they are . "
Blogs and profiles are particularly supportive of this .
Of course , blogs require having something to say while profiles let you write yourself into being via collage .
People do grow out of ongoing identity production , but not for quite some time .
( Hell , i still have n't . )
Friendster tried to stop this , wanting people to be serious and fit into pre-defined checkboxes - to know who they are .
MySpace let these groups run wild and these are the two populations who dominate MySpace - youth ( 14 - 24 ) and 20/30 - somethings who participate actively in cultural development ( from performance artists to clubgoers to sex divas to wannabee celebrities ) .
These sites are ideal for these populations , even if they make no sense to parents and professionals .
For many teens , MySpace is the first asynchronous messaging system that they use regularly .
Sure , they have emails but those are to communicate with parents / teachers / companies , not with friends .
People check in daily to see what messages they get .
This was starting to happen on Friendster , but server slowness killed this practice .
This will make it quite tricky for teens to fully leave MySpace while their friends are still using it .
Identity development requires taking ownership of your presentation of self and really being able to personalize it , morph it to be " you " ( even if you is copied from a site that tells you how to be you ) .
Templates are not personalization .
MySpace allowed users to really make the site their own , asking one favor : do n't overwrite the advertising .
Out of respect , most users complied .
Think about that : Out. Of. Respect .
Basically , MySpace evolved with its users , building a trusting relationship , figuring out how to meet their needs and cultural desires , providing them with features and really trying to give them what they were looking for .
Friendster did not - it fought its users hand and foot , telling them how to behave .
People use the social technologies that all of their friends are using .
Freaks , geeks and queers all invaded Friendster in the early days and they made certain that all of their friends were there .
They did so organically in clusters .
This was very successful , until they felt alienated from the site .
There is a tipping point to get on and a tipping point to get off .
Once mass departure began with a few pissed - off folks , it spiraled quickly .
While the early adopters left storm - like , canceling their accounts , most users simply stopped logging in frequently because it was no longer the place where their friends were .
Friendster was beginning to get mainstream American 20/30 - somethings when it got bogged down by dreadfully slow servers .
Mainstreams would ( and did ) irritate the early adopters , but not enough to make them leave .
Yet , both mainstream - ification and slowness played a role in the departure of early adopters .
Mainstream - ification played a greater factor in early adopters ' lack of interest in returning once the site was fixed .
The slow servers made it very difficult ( if not impossible ) for mainstream users to engage .
Frustrated , many lost interest before they really engaged .
It should be noted that slow connections are more common in foreign countries and so this did not serve as the same kind of barrier elsewhere - growth continued during the slow period in Singapore , Malaysia , Philippines and Indonesia .
Because of this ( and a few other factors ) , Friendster survived the server disaster in these regions and continued to grow into the mainstream there .
And into the youth .
Mainstream American users came on because of mass media , not because of organic cluster effects .
When they joined , they could n't see anything or anyone .
It was also not where all of their friends were and often they got bored before their friends arrived ; there was never enough of a tipping point for many mainstream clusters .
MySpace stayed out of the media for the first two years .
Their growth was completely organic , allowing for significant cluster effects .
Additionally , those who heard about it but did n't have many friends there could join and still participate , still see what people were doing .
They got a friend - Tom - and could wander around looking at all of the profiles .
For cluster influencers , this was critical , and looking around would often motivate them to drag in their friends .
When clusters of friends are all on a social site , watercooler effects emerge .
The limited amount of things people could share made this difficult on Friendster ; people mostly shared profiles as cultural currency and testimonials did allow for some marking of turf and social hierarchy .
Yet , on MySpace , there are a bazillion things to find deep in the nooks , allowing lots and lots to be shared .
Allowing media in comments and the ability to share video / pictures via profiles enhanced this .
Testimonials on Friendster took the form of singular acknowledgments of others ' existence .
Fakesters started turning it into a communication space , but that practice died with the Fakesters ; very few users took that on .
The comments section on MySpace took the form of a performative guestbook .
Whenever someone thinks of someone else , whenever they stop by , they leave a comment ...
They let both the owner and the owners ' visitors take note of their presence .
They 're writing presence into being in addition to writing themselves into being .
This is a very important turn and it really solidifies people 's engagement in the site .
Social technologies need benevolent dictators who love their constituents .
Online communities are more like nation - states than technological tools .
There is a master behind the architecture , a master who controls the walls of the system and can wage war on her / his people at any point .
People know this .
They have to trust that the creators have their best intentions in mind .
They invest a lot of time and energy into creating an identity in the system - they want to believe that it is worth it .
Killing off profiles destroys the trust that users have in the leader .
Doing so will alienate users and their friends .
There are good reasons to alienate some groups - spammers , malicious users , etc .
But if you start off treating all of your users as potential criminals , you will not build a healthy environment .
Kinda like in real life ...
Friendster killed off anyone who did n't conform to their standards , most notably Fakesters and those with more creative non-photorealistic profiles .
When MySpace users did n't conform , they were supported and recognized for their contributions to evolving the system .
( Exceptions made for pornography , spammers , people using hate speech . )
When Friendster was faltering because it was " uncool , " Friendster users did not stick up for the site .
When MySpace began to falter over the predator crisis , many users got outraged at those attacking the system .
They wrote supportive notes to Tom , made YouTube videos , wrote messages on their MySpaces .
They did n't want outsiders telling them they could n't have their space .
People need a figurehead to both love and hate .
No figurehead can expect that the users will love her / him all of the time .
But lashing out at users makes things much much worse .
Figure heads need to operate as rockstars - making public appearances , putting on a good show , keep a happy face even when pissed off .
Jonathan Abrams made it clear that he thought very little of his users .
Tom Anderson comes across as loving his users , listening to them , being present with them .
Abrams wrote nasty - grams and the language he used when writing to everyone was either obnoxious or so corporate -y formulaic that users could not relate to him .
Tom apologizes candidly , writes funny messages to users , welcomes comments on his page , responds to users .
Users either love Tom or they think he 's lame .
But very few actually hate him .
Friendster users loathed Abrams .
It should be noted that one of the reasons that Friendster continued to grow abroad is that Abrams did not seem like as big of a dick there .
He was much more savvy in addressing the press ( or they were nicer to him ) .
He killed off fewer profiles and let it grow amongst youth ( probably due to being overwhelmed rather than insight ) .
He had a more hands - off approach .
He 's less hated there and thus , by default , more trusted .
It 's not all about productivity .
People often say that social networking sites will succeed when people have something to do .
They point to sites like LinkedIn where business people can social network and actually get " value " out of the site .
There is no doubt that LinkedIn is great for brownnosers , but there are a lot of folks out there who do n't care about " getting ahead " by hegemonic standards .
Suggesting that formalized action and tangible benefits are the only path to success is hogwash .
These are simply ideals that contemporary America holds onto in a capitalist society where people are only valued based on their productivity .
It is reproduced by technologists who are living in a society full of venture capitalists and stockbrokers and other people who live by the " do or die " mentality .
But the reality is that most people 's social lives are not so formal , not so action - oriented .
Or , at least not in the sense that technologists speak of .
Even when there 's no prescribed activity , people are doing things on these sites .
They 're hanging out .
They 're dancing in front of digital mirrors .
They 're patting their friends on their digital backs .
They 're increasing the strength of their relationships through sharing .
They 're consuming and producing cultural artifacts that position them within society .
They 're laughing , exploring and being entertained .
People were hanging out on Friendster before they hung out on MySpace .
But hanging out on Friendster is like hanging out in a super clean police state where you can't chew gum let alone goof around and you 're told exactly how to speak to others .
Hanging out on MySpace is more like hanging out in a graffiti park with fellow goofballs while your favorite band is playing .
That said , there are plenty of folks who do n't want to be hanging out in a graffiti park and they are not sticking around on MySpace as a result .
It is not about technological perfection .
Portability of identity does n't matter .
Easy - to - use interfaces do n't matter .
Visual coherence does n't matter .
Simple navigation does n't matter .
Bugs do n't matter .
Fancy new technologies do n't matter .
Simple personalization does n't matter .
Before you scream " but it does to me ! " let me acknowledge that you 're right .
It does matter to you .
The question is whether it matters to the masses .
And it does n't .
Especially for teens .
What 's at stake here is what is called " subcultural capital " by academics .
It is the kind of capital that anyone can get , if you are cool enough to know that it exists and cool enough to participate .
It is a counterpart to " cultural capital " which is more like hegemonic capital .
That was probably a bit too obscure .
Let me give an example .
Opera attendance is a form of cultural capital - you are seen as having money and class and even if you think that elongated singing in foreign languages is boring , you attend because that 's what cultured people do .
You need the expensive clothes , the language , the body postures , the social connects and the manners to belong .
Limitations are economic and social .
Rave attendance is the opposite .
Anyone can get in , in theory ...
There are certainly hodgepodged clothes , street language and dance moves , but most folks can blend in with just a little effort .
Yet , the major limitation is knowing that the rave exists .
" Being in the know " is more powerful than money .
You can't buy your way into knowledge of a rave .
" Coolness " is about structural barriers , about the lack of universal accessibility or parsability .
Structural hurdles mean people put in more effort to participate .
It 's kinda like the adventure of tracking down the right parking lot to get the bus to go to the rave .
The effort matters .
Sure , it weeds some people out , but it makes those who participate feel all the more validated .
Finding the easter egg , the cool little feature that no one knows about is exciting .
Learning all of the nooks and crannies in a complex system is exhilarating .
Figuring out how to hack things , having the " inside knowledge " is fabu .
Often , people do n't need simplicity - they want to feel proud of themselves for figuring something out ; they want to feel the joy of exploration .
This is the difference between tasks that people are required to do and social life .
Social life is n't about the easy way to do something - it's about making meaning out of practice , about finding your own way .
Bugs make technologies seem alive , particularly if they 're acknowledged and fixed .
They give texture to the environment and people are impressively patient with it if they feel like the architects are on it .
It makes the architects look vulnerable which brings them back down to earth , making them real and fallible , but giving them the opportunity to do good .
They let the benevolent dictator really serve the people .
Friendster focused on simple and narrow , giving users very limited options and cracking down on all hacks .
For a long time , they took away features rather than adding them .
They worked to mainstream - ify , to be equally generic to all users .
MySpace added features all the time , making it a game to see what had changed , to find new ways of navigating the site .
Hacking the site became a cultural phenomenon with websites being dedicated to hacking techniques ( brought to you by fellow cultural participants not O'Reilly ) .
MySpace let users define the culture .
Is it all a fad ?
MySpace might be a fad , but it will fade for different reasons than Friendster .
Friendster has itself to blame - it never loved its users ... it never treated them with respect , or learned to understand why they were there ... it never give them what they needed to make themselves at home .
Friendster never learned to provide for the diversity of users it had - it wanted them all to be the same .
MySpace is in a different position , one far more harrowing .
MySpace has grown so large that the needs , values and practices of its users are slamming into each other .
It 's facing the archetypical clashing of cultures .
Yet , interestingly , most users are not that concerned - they 're trying to figure out how to live in this super public .
The challenge is that outsiders are panicking about a culture that they are not a part of .
They want to kill the super public rather than support people in learning how to negotiate it .
No one knows how to live in such a super public , but this structure is going to become increasingly a part of our lives .
It is no wonder that youth want to figure it out .
And it is critical that they do , especially since our physical worlds have become more segregated and walled off , partitioned by age , race , class , religion , values , etc .
Yet , it is the older generation that did that segregating and they 're not really ready to face collapsed contexts at every turn or to learn how to engage with people who have very different values on a daily basis .
Because of their position of power , outsiders are pushing the big red emergency button , screaming danger and creating a complete and utter moral panic .
Welcome to a generational divide , where adults are unable to see the practices of their children on kids ' terms .
If MySpace falters in the next 1 - 2 years , it will be because of this moral panic .
Before all of you competitors get motivated to exacerbate the moral panic , think again .
If the moral panic succeeds :
Youth will lose ( even more ) freedom of speech .
How far will the curtailment of the First Amendment go ?
All users will lose the safety and opportunities of pseudonymity , particularly around political speech and particularly internationally .
Internet companies will be required to confirm the real life identity of all users .
At their own cost .
International growth on social communities will be massively curtailed because it is much harder to confirm non-US populations .
Internet companies will lose the protections of common carrier which will have ramifications in all sorts of directions .
Internet companies will see a massive increase in subpoenas and will be forced to turn over data on their users which will in turn destroy the trust relationship between companies and users .
There will be a much greater barrier for new communities to form and for startups to build out new social environments .
International companies will be far better positioned to create new social technologies because they wo n't have to abide by American laws even if American citizens use their technology ( assuming the servers are hosted outside of the US ) .
Unless , of course , we decide to block sites on a nation - wide basis ....
If the moral panic over MySpace succeeds and causes a change in law ( which it is looking like it will ) , everyone invested in social technologies will lose .
In other words , stop celebrating the crisis and get off your asses and engage .
This panic is not just a funny side note .
It is an industry wide problem concerning speech , property and responsibility .
I find it deeply disturbing that we are suggesting that technology companies should be operating in loco parentis .
MySpace is in trouble because of its size and rapid growth .
As a result of this , there are so many conflicting practices that people are panicking .
Even if your kid has a perfectly PG profile , the idea that s/he can hang with R - rated ones is flipping people out , even when the R - rated ones are perfectly normal in the context in which their created .
Collapsed contexts due to size .
All of you who want to grow in size better be paying attention , because there are severe complications when you grow .
MySpace is facing them right now .
We have faced seen massive communities with collapsed contexts before , but the additional factor of youth has elevated this issue to new levels .
And , besides , we 've never actually seen such rapid growth in a social technology , nor have we seen such a large coherent social community .
Note : Usenet , MOOs and YahooGroups do n't count because they were far more segmented structurally , especially pre-search .
When they emerged , a much larger proportion of the online population used them , and these technologies did not threaten cultural norms ( mostly because hegemonic society was n't online and did n't recognize the power of digital interaction ) .
Other social technologies did not attract an entire generation while alienating their practices from the previous generation .
Finally , while people did expose themselves in other technologies , explicit profile creation of this multi-media form takes it all to a new level .
Back to the fad question ...
No , it is not just a moral panic that could make MySpace a fad .
The primary value right now has to do with identity production and sharing , practices that are more critical to certain populations at certain times in their lives and it is possible that " growing up " will be marked by leaving MySpace ( both for the teens and the 20 - somethings ) .
It is also possible that getting on MySpace will be marked as " uncool " by the next generation ( in the same way that fashion changes across generations ) .
Feeling spammed and invaded by advertisers ( or musicians ) who seek friendship might turn off users and an increase in this could cripple usage .
It is possible that the site will stop evolving with its users .
It is possible that people will find new , more interesting ways to do identity production and sharing .
It is also possible that the next blinky shiny object will attract users away in clumps , particularly if they better support users ' desires in an innovative way .
But none of these are right around the corner .
When Friendster users left , they did n't go to the next thing .
Yes , many Burners went to Tribe.net and created a really flourishing community there ; this community is still alive and doing really well .
And some of the gothy humans went to MySpace .
But the vast majority of Friendster users simply went back to email and IM , web surfing and the occasional blogging .
Friendster did n't meet their needs and the core practices of identity production and social sharing that MySpace offered were not significant enough for this group .
A huge part of the success of MySpace is an age and culture thing .
Part of being an American teen is figuring out who you are , how you fit into society and culture , how social relations work , etc .
Part of this process involves sharing cultural objects , hanging out and trying out different self - performances to find the one that feels " right " ( think Goffman " faces " ) .
There are plenty of adults who are doing this as well , but it is central to youth culture .
Youth will always do this , using whatever medium is available to them .
MySpace is far more deeply situated in the cultural values and practices of its constituents than Friendster ever was .
MySpace teens may jump ship , but they are not going to stop doing identity work , at least not for a few years .
Finally
I began this as a blog post and it grew and grew and i want to put it out there even though i know that i'm missing factors .
Still , i think that this should answer many of the questions that people have .
MySpace is not the same as Friendster - it will not fade in the same way .
Friendster was a fad ; MySpace has become far more than that .
If it does n't evolve , it will fade , but MySpace is far better positioned to evolve than Friendster was .
That said , i think we 're seeing a huge shift in social life - negotiating super publics .
I kinda suspect that MySpace teens are going to lead the way in figuring this out , just as teens in the 60s and 70s paved the way to figuring out globalized life with TV .
I just hope law does n't try to stop culture .
Warning : if i wake up and think of more things , i may edit this essay .
It was n't a perfect job , I was fighting static on the little bits of paper .
I taped the bits together from the back , so I 'd still be able to fill out the credit card application in pen .
Taped up !
It was good as new !
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Friday April 20 2007
The padlocked freezer at Xiongsen Bear and Tiger Mountain Village attracts little attention from the tourists who throng to the park each day .
Most are more interested in the bloody spectacle of tigers savaging live cows , the monkey bicycle race or the highwire displays by bears and goats .
But it is the freezer rather than the freak shows that will soon be at the centre of a fierce international debate on the trade in endangered species .
Xiongsen is the world 's biggest battery farm for rare animals .
Located just outside the southern Chinese city of Guilin , it is smaller than Regent 's Park but holds 1,300 tigers - almost as many as the whole of India - as well as hundreds of bears , lions and birds .
The stock is worth hundreds of millions of dollars in China , where consumers pay high prices for remedies , tonics and aphrodisiacs made from rare species .
But until now the park has only been able to bank its assets in cold storage because of a ban on tiger products .
All that could be about to change .
After a decade of lobbying by Xiongsen , China is preparing to call for a lifting of the ban .
Next week it will send its first ever delegation to the Global Tiger Forum in Kathmandu .
In June , at a conference in the Hague of signatories to the Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) , it is expected to push the issue .
In a paper to Cites , China says the global ban has failed to halt the decline of the wild tiger population , despite a cost of £ 2bn to the Chinese economy and damage to China 's traditions and medicinal culture .
Conservation groups warn that relaxing the ban could be disastrous .
According to the World Wildlife
Fund there are only 3,500 tigers left in the wild , compared with more than 6,000 in captivity .
" This move could mean the end of wild tigers for China and could mean the extinction of many other tiger populations in Asia , " said Grace Gabriel , Asian regional director of the International Fund for Animal Welfare .
In China the transformation of this jungle predator into a caged farm animal is even more dramatic .
From several thousand in the 1950s there are now only 50 left in the wild .
The Amur tiger of north - eastern China is the most threatened subspecies in the world .
The captive population has exploded - at Xiongsen alone it has surged from 12 in 1992 to 1,300 today .
To conservationists , though , it is anything but a success story .
Hu Hongfu of Traffic , a monitoring group linked to the World Wildlife Fund , says the park is breeding more tigers to blackmail the Chinese government and the international community .
" Xiongsen is the worst of the tiger farms .
It is run by individuals who breed for money .
We have advised them to stop because more tigers means more problems , but they keep breeding because it puts pressure on the government to lift the ban . "
Monkeys on camels
The park is part farm , part zoo and part circus .
Its nursery is the start of a production line that churns out hundreds of tigers each year and ends in the freezer packed with carcasses .
In between , most animals spend their lives in hundreds of tiny cages that are lined up in rows around the perimeter wall , each jammed with as many as four animals , which lie around listlessly or pace back and forth between wire and concrete .
More fortunate beasts share a few football pitch - sized enclosures in the main visitor area .
Others are trained to perform in the Dream Theatre - a circus where they jump through flaming hoops - or in an outdoor show that also has monkeys riding camels and a bear cycling across a highwire without a safety net .
For most of the hundreds of tourists who come each day the most memorable part of their visit is feeding time , when a tiger is released into a pen with live cattle .
Earlier this week tourists gasped but watched in fascination as the predator chased down a cow , sinking its teeth and claws into its victim , which cried and defecated in pain and fear .
The bloody spectacle lasted 15 minutes before the tiger - too domesticated to kill its prey in such a short time - meekly returned to its cage and the wounded cow was taken away for slaughter by zookeepers .
Guides say the mini - hunt is exercise for animals that will one day be released .
But this is dismissed as nonsense by conservationists , who say no animal from Xiongsen will ever be fit for the wild .
" This is a farm that speed - breeds as many tigers as possible so that they can make them into products for sale , " said Ms Gabriel .
" Their genetic purity is compromised .
If they were mistakenly released into the wild they would pollute the wild population . "
A keeper still with blood on his hands from dragging the wounded cow to the abattoir said the park was hoping for a resumption of the tiger trade .
" Every part of the animal is valuable , but we can't sell them at the moment because it is forbidden by law .
One or two tigers die every year .
We put them in freezers , where they will stay until the government gives us permission to sell . "
The business - first philosophy of the park is evident everywhere .
The restaurant offers a dish of " conquering king " - the classical term for tiger - for 500 yuan ( £ 33 ) , along with lion , crocodile , peacock , snake , bear and civet cat .
" Everything comes from our park , " said the waitress .
" We do n't say what the ingredients are .
You must use your imagination . "
But the ban has clearly hurt the park .
The keepers say they struggle to get by on monthly income of 500 yuan - less than most migrant labourers earn in factories or building sites .
Office managers say they have not been paid for more than three months .
" The ban has really hurt our business , " said Bai Wenqiang , the sales manager .
" Our boss 's original plan was to make a park that would sustain people 's health , keep more tigers alive and help the environment .
But since we started we have lost 400 m yuan . "
" We believe international law allows trade in animals that have been reared by man for three generations .
It is only the domestic law that prevents us now .
We understand the Chinese government is under a lot of international pressure .
They do n't help us .
But they do n't give us trouble . "
Backstory
China has been using tigers for medicinal purposes for 5,000 years and a single animal can be worth hundreds of thousands of pounds .
The bones , used in tonics , are the most valuable part : the 25kg ( 55 lb ) yielded by the average tiger can fetch 2.4 m yuan ( £ 160,000 ) , about 10 times the price of a pelt .
At the Xiongsen park , sales assistants proffer tiger - shaped bottles of bone - strengthening wine for about £ 60 .
Each drop , they claim , is distilled in vats containing the paws of the animal , which - if proven - would be a contravention of domestic and international law : China banned the sale of tiger products in 1993 .
Tigers are not the only exotic species prized for medicinal value .
A shop in Guilin showcases desiccated seahorses for breast cancer , dog penises for virility , deer hooves for arthritis , baby snakes for sore throat and ant lotions for beriberi .
One rheumatism medicine has a picture of a tiger on the packet , but the only animal ingredient listed is powdered leopard bone .
A controversial drop - off facility for unwanted babies at a hospital in southern Japan had been open barely three hours before a boy was abandoned there by his father , reports said today .
The boy , believed to be aged three , was left at the 24 - hour " stork 's cradle " baby hatch at the Catholic - run Jikei hospital in Kumamoto last Thursday .
The hospital , citing privacy , refused to confirm or deny the report but police said they had been notified of one arrival at the hatch , which is heated and fitted with an alarm to alert nurses .
The boy , who has not been publicly identified , was reported to be in good health and told hospital staff his name and that he had travelled to the city by bullet train with his father .
The hospital went ahead with plans to open Japan 's first anonymous drop - off point for babies despite strong opposition from conservative politicians , who said it would encourage irresponsible parenting .
But the hospital said the service was necessary to discourage abortions , which are freely available in Japan , and to help desperate women , following a spate of incidents in which babies were abandoned in public places .
The prime minister , Shinzo Abe , is one of the hatch 's most vociferous public critics .
" I urge parents who have difficulties rearing their children to go to family guidance centres before deciding to abandon them , " he said today .
News that the hatch had been used within hours of opening sparked a new round of criticism from senior government officials .
The health minister , Hakuo Yanagisawa , condemned the service , while the chief cabinet secretary , Yasuhiro Shiozaki , said : " If a child has been left there ... that is something that should never happen .
Parents have an obligation to raise their children .
We find this extremely regrettable . "
The hospital , which modelled the hatch on those already available in Germany , insists it is not making it easy for parents to abandon their children .
A sign has been posted at the entrance giving the telephone numbers of advice services and encouraging parents to think twice .
Parents can also talk to staff directly via an intercom and those who change their minds later can still be reunited with their children .
" We 'd prefer people to come and talk to us than just drop off their babies , " said the hospital 's director , Taiji Hasuda .
" That will help save both the mother and the baby . "
by Theodore Dalrymple ( Dec. 2006 )
Not long ago , I spoke at a colloquium attended mostly by American conservatives .
They were , at least to me , a highly congenial audience , friendly , humorous , polite , cultivated and very well - read ( not always , let us be quite frank , the first characteristic of conservatives in any country ) .
I happened to mention on the platform during one of the sessions that I was not religious , unlike the other members of the panel .
I cannot now remember the precise context in which I made my terrible confession .
I was surprised afterwards that several of the audience approached me and thanked me for it .
What was there to thank me for ?
They said that they , too , were without religious faith , in short atheists , and it was a relief to them that someone , otherwise of like mind with the majority of the audience , had confessed it .
I found this strange , perhaps because I come from a country in which irreligion is now the norm and no one feels obliged to hide his disbelief , rather the reverse : it is faith that one feels obliged to equivocate about in polite company .
In Europe , it requires more courage to be religious than irreligious , at least if one has achieved more than a certain level of education .
One of the most important differences between Europe and America , we are often told ( and I myself partly believe ) , is that in the former religion is dead as a live social force , whereas it is very much alive in the latter .
I find myself in the rather peculiar position of thinking that this is much to the advantage of the United States , though I cannot myself assent to any kind of religious belief .
It is , after all , the truth that is supposed to set you free , not a convenient myth .
An atheist who would disagree with me very strongly is Richard Dawkins , the biologist and formidable polemicist .
In his latest book , which is quite likely to become a worldwide best - seller , though not perhaps in Islamic countries where it is needed most , he evinces a hatred of religion that I , who have no faith , and believe some at least of the things that he believes ( for example , the rather unpleasant nature of the deity as portrayed in the Old Testament ) am quite unable to feel .
I do n’t hate religion , in fact I am rather in favour of it ; I am like Gibbon , who said admiringly of Roman religious syncretism that the people believed that all religions were equally true , that the philosophers believed them all equally false , and that the magistrates believed them all equally useful , without any of them coming into conflict over the matter .
Religion was useful , that is , from the point of view of improving human behaviour and keeping it lawful .
In his book , Dawkins maintains that atheist Americans are afraid openly to avow their disbelief ; and because he seems temperamentally inclined to overstate his case , whatever the subject matter , I did not really believe him .
On the other hand , I recalled my experience at the colloquium , and I telephoned an American friend of mine , a conservative intellectual in that modern Babylon , New York , and asked him what he thought .
I was a little chagrined to discover that he thought there was an element of truth in what Dawkins had written ; I was chagrined because I was reviewing his book , and wanted another stick to beat him over the head with .
Now of course a sample of one is not a very large sample , indeed it could hardly be smaller , even if supported by my experience at the colloquium .
But my friend is a man with antennae that are sensitive to the American Zeitgeist , as it were , even though he lives in Manhattan , and I believed him .
But still I have many points of disagreement with Dawkins .
He is an unreconstructed believer in technical progress , as if such progress is not sometimes equivocal and does not bring in its wake new and unanticipated problems .
He seems to believe that the more technical progress we make the happier we shall be .
This seems to me to be unrealistic .
He cites the example of in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) , as a result of which many parents have experienced the inexpressible joy of parenthood who would otherwise not have experienced it .
This is undoubtedly true as far as it goes , but it is not the whole truth by any means , which is more complex .
IVF is successful in at best a quarter of those who undertake it .
It is very expensive and time - consuming .
It therefore has various effects , besides the joyous denouement of a new baby .
In the first place , it makes the condition of childlessness worse than it might otherwise be .
What can not be cured must be endured ; by holding out the hope that childlessness can be cured , it prevents , or at least delays , the acceptance of what is destined to be a lifelong condition , and therefore prolongs suffering unnecessarily .
It raises hopes that are more likely than not , by quite a wide margin , to be dashed .
In the meantime , people will spend a large amount of money and focus their attention exclusively on a single object , to the detriment of their psychological balance .
It is far from unknown for couples to break up when IVF finally succeeds or finally fails .
The idea that life will be perfect on condition of x is rarely constructive .
IVF , moreover , has created moral dilemmas .
Who should be entitled to it ?
Anyone who asks for it ?
Should there be any requirement that the mother - to - be ( if the procedure works ) has certain qualities that will make her a good , or good enough , mother ?
After all , people who wish to adopt children are made to jump through all sorts of hoops before permission is given them , and justice requires that people should be treated equally in morally equivalent situations ; should the recipients of IVF be made to jump through the same hoops as adoptive parents , therefore ?
We are faced with a dilemma : either we make no demands of the woman receiving IVF , in which case we are emptying behaviour of important moral consequences , or we make such demands , at the cost of inflaming ideological conflict about such matters as what it means for a woman to be a proper mother .
In Europe , we have seen the strange phenomenon of women in their 60s undergoing successful IVF .
Of course , we do not yet know that women in their 70s make bad mothers : perhaps they will make excellent mothers , provided that they survive , because of their long experience of life .
But the overall cultural effect of such pregnancies is to propagate and reinforce the notion of life as an existential supermarket , in which you can live any way you choose by fetching a way of life down from the supermarket shelf , in the same way as you choose breakfast cereal .
In this brave new world , there are no intrinsic limits that you must accept if you are to be free , balanced and happy .
Here I recall Burke ’s famous dictum that men are qualified for liberty in exact proportion as they are prepared to place a limit on their own appetites .
The realisation that ‘ having it all ’ is not a realistic possibility , that every pleasure entails foreclosure on other pleasures , that hard choice is always necessary and that reality always bites back against those who refuse to make such choices , is an important stage in the achievement of maturity .
Oddly enough , the acceptance of frustration is the precondition of happiness .
One way to avoid permanent misery is not to demand more of life than it can yield .
Dawkins might answer in two ways .
First , he might say that , with further experience , experimentation and technology , IVF will become more successful : indeed , it is the only way IVF can become more successful .
At some point ( perhaps , not certainly ) , the ratio of success to failure will change : instead of being 1:4 , as it is now , it will be 4:1 .
Then there will be no possible doubt that the sum of human happiness will be increased by it , which must be doubtful now .
This is a good argument , but it relies more on faith than on reason , precisely what Dawkins , as a rationalist , would wish to avoid .
It is of course possible , even likely , that the results of IVF will eventually improve , but we cannot know this for certain in advance of all experience .
It is possible that they will not .
When William Harvey made perhaps the greatest physiological discovery , the circulation of the blood , in the history of medicine , he had faith that eventually such knowledge would lead to benefits for humanity .
In fact , it was centuries before it did so : his belief was faith - based , and for a very long time would have had no rational support in its evidence .
The second argument is that Man has made a Promethean bargain and it is impossible for him to go back on it , even if he wanted to .
Just as Time ’s arrow flies in one direction only , so there is no way where science and technology is concerned except forward .
Moreover , it is a matter of empirical fact that our increasingly secular and technological culture has also brought , or at least co-existed with , genuine moral advance .
There is no reason to suppose that such advance will not continue .
There are no decisive arguments about the moral effects of technology .
It seems to me likely , for example , that nuclear weapons have so far saved more lives than they have taken : that without them , an armed conflict in Europe between east and west would have been much more likely , and that therefore millions of lives might have been lost if nuclear weapons had not existed .
( This is quite apart from the argument over the justification for dropping atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki . )
Proliferation of nuclear weapons , however , might in the end tip the balance against them , especially if they fell into the hands of terrorists or leaders with apocalyptic visions .
The jury is out , and out for ever , at least until a nuclear holocaust actually takes place , when the verdict will be clear enough , if anyone is left to hear it .
I do not disagree with Dawkins that , in some important respects there has been moral progress .
The casual acceptance of racism in large parts of the world , for example , is now a thing of the past , and even people who still harbour racist ideas are afraid either to express them or to act upon them .
I ca n’t think of this as anything but moral progress .
And yet Dawkins disregards other important aspects of morality in which regression had undoubtedly occurred .
To give only one example : the rate of indictable offences has increased 40 times in the country of his birth , Britain , in his lifetime , notwithstanding an enormous increase in wealth and the standard of living as measured by consumption of material goods .
And this rise of crime alone has had a terrible effect on the quality of life of millions of people , who justifiably live in constant fear and who arrange their lives accordingly .
The old , for example , are under perpetual curfew , imposed by some of the young , in Britain .
In other words , matters are more complex than Professor Dawkins would have us believe .
Progress is possible but not inevitable , and certainly not without its ironies either .
( In our new - found happiness , 10 per cent of us feel constrained to take anti-depressants . )
An old - fashioned rationalist , he does not acknowledge that a perfectly self - consistent way of life , based purely upon reason and nothing but reason , is not possible .
And in his latest book he portrays the typical believer as an ignorant bigot who goes round shooting abortionists , or slaughtering people who deviate in the slightest from his doctrine .
You might as well say that Lenin was the typical atheist , who wants to kill all priests - as Lenin had thousands killed in no time at all .
Dawkins ’s latest book is an example of the nothing - but school of historiography : European history is nothing but the history of warfare and genocide , American history is nothing but the history of exploitation and oppression of the blacks , and so forth .
For him , the history of religion is nothing but the history of bigotry , savagery , ignorance , intolerance .
Of course , all of these are to be found in the history of religion , and bigots still abound .
The problem with the nothing - but school of history , apart from its incompleteness and untruth , is fuels the very thing against which it rails , bigotry and hatred .
To comment on this article , please click here .
And that 's not all
Other precious metals continued to trade strongly after Thursday 's rally with silver at $ 12.16 a troy ounce .
Platinum traded at $ 1,080 a troy ounce while palladium traded at $ 353 a troy ounce .
So , here 's little bit about copper , from the Financial Times of London :
Copper nears $ 6,000 a tonne on low stocks Copper prices have hit record highs almost daily over the past two weeks , getting close to an unprecedented $ 6,000 a tonne , double the average price of two years ago , and creating a situation some followers of the red metal label a " super spike " .
CRU , the London - based metals consultancy , says that with global inventories at very low levels of about two weeks of demand , the market will be unable to weather any further supply disruptions - there have been production problems in Indonesia and Mexico in the past month - without continued price rises . (...)
The " super spike " scenario was put forward last year by Goldman Sachs , referring to the oil market in a situation in which stocks are low and supply cannot be increased , leading prices to jump to a level that deters consumption .
" This is where we are today in copper , " Mr Kettle said .
So , prices strongly up .
Liquid , global markets .
This should be a signal for demand to go down and supply up , right ?
Well ...
Copper producers fear affect of high prices on future demand With copper approaching $ 6,000 a tonne , you would think that producers of the metal would be in buoyant mood .
In fact , they are starting to worry that prices at this level may ultimately damage future demand .
Miners also believe that current prices reflect the challenges of increasing output of the red metal , given a background of lower copper ore grades , higher energy prices , and environmental issues . (...)
" We had a situation last year where demand did not grow , even though the global economy was growing very strongly , by more than 4 per cent .
But prices kept on going higher , " Mr Venegas said .
Copper is used in the construction , power , electronics and automobile sectors .
One reason for the flat demand growth for mined copper was that industrial users of the metal were using their stockpiles as they baulked at the prospect of paying record prices for the metal .
This resulted in falling global stockpiles - including producer , consumer and futures exchanges inventories - which are now at the equivalent of about two weeks of global demand , according to CRU , the metals consultancy and forecaster .
Industrial consumers , who have run down their own inventories , are now facing the prospect of paying even higher prices than the levels they were reluctant to pay last year .
(... ) CRU predicts global copper demand will rise by 4.3 per cent to 17.53 m tonnes this year , which it expects to be met by a greater rate of supply growth .
The London - based group estimates that copper supply will rise by 7.1 per cent to 17.84 m tonnes in 2006 .
However , mining executives appear to be pessimistic about whether this supply growth can be achieved . (... )
" A one million tonne increase is a lot to expect and it has not been done many times before , and I think the funds are betting that supply will disappoint this year , which will in turn push prices higher , " Mr Venegas said .
Funds have good reason to take this view .
Last year copper production fell 500,000 tonnes short of the forecasts made by the International Copper Study Group at the beginning of 2005 .
In addition , the recent supply disruptions at Grasberg , the world 's second - largest copper mine in Indonesia and strike action at Grupo Mexico 's La Caridad copper mine have led to lower supply estimates for the second quarter .
This has resulted in a supply shortfall in one of the strongest demand periods of the year for the industrial metal , leading in turn to copper inventories falling further from already critically low levels and making prices more vulnerable to further price spikes .
Let 's summarise :
strong underlying demand growth from a buoyant world economy ( expressed , in this case , in decreasing stocks rather than increased apparent demand ) ;
producers unwilling or unable to produce more , and faced with increasing production costs ;
short term disruptions like weather events or strikes that cause major price volatility ;
financial investors reinforcing the trends in the expectation of more to come .
Sounds familiar ?
It is .
The above 4 points are absolutely true for oil , and it seems that the same dynamics are at play .
The interesting thing to note , once again , is the difficulty for supply to go up .
There are objective factors ( energy prices , the slow internalisation of environmental costs , and the depletino of the best reserves ) , and there are the " political " factors ( a reluctance to increase production , as it could bring prices down and make the additional investments unprofitable ) .
What we see confirmed , once again , is the deadly combination of increasing demand and the inexorable increase in the marginal cost of the resources , leading to massive price increases .
The era of cheap commodities seems to be truly over .
Interestingly , the IMF blames that situation for the consumption binge in the US :
IMF in warning on high energy prices
High energy prices are " exacerbating " global economic imbalances , increasing the risks of a crisis , the International Monetary Fund will warn next week .
The IMF will say in its World Economic Outlook report that " global current account imbalances are likely to remain at elevated levels for longer than would otherwise have been the case , heightening the risk of sudden disorderly adjustment " .
(...)
High oil prices are increasing the US trade deficit , the report says .
In addition , the recycling of petrodollars is driving down interest rates providing an unsustainable boost to US private consumption . (...)
Washington has blamed surpluses in Japan as well as in emerging Asian countries , particularly China , for its current account problems .
But the IMF 's concentration on oil prices and global imbalances shows that the issue has grown in complexity over the past two years .
This is an issue I 've written a lot about , and where Stirling Newberry has written some fairly extensive diaries as well , but it 's new to see that link between oil prices , debt and global unbalances from an institution such as the IMF .
In effect , higher oil prices have a double negative effect :
the increased cost of oil creates a significant trade balance for the USA ;
but at the same time , the dollars captured by the oil producers are re-invested in US Treasuries , thus lowering the interest rates and making it easier for Americans ( and international investors ) to borrow - thus leading to increased spending and increasing imports ( thus worsening again the deficit ) , and inflated asset prices , and creating , strangely enough , a appearance of increased wealth ;
Oil costs more , but as the dollars it costs are recycled in the US financial system , they end up being spent a second time ( via debt ) , this time on Chinese stuff .
As the Chinese also recycle their dollars in the US , to protect the exchange rate of the yuan against the dollar , the cycle can start anew ...
And thus oil prices increase , consumption still grows , and the US debt balloons .
If this sounds like a pyramid scheme , well , it looks suspiciously like one .
And as we 've already seen , it can last for a long time , as it is in the interests of no one in the cycle to rock the boat .
So , what will break its back ?
Hmm , maybe a little war in Iran ?
Rare Risk and Overreactions
Everyone had a reaction to the horrific events of the Virginia Tech shootings .
Some of those reactions were rational .
Others were not .
A high school student was suspended for customizing a first - person shooter game with a map of his school .
A contractor was fired from his government job for talking about a gun , and then visited by the police when he created a comic about the incident .
A dean at Yale banned realistic stage weapons from the university theaters — a policy that was reversed within a day .
And some teachers terrorized a sixth - grade class by staging a fake gunman attack , without telling them that it was a drill .
These things all happened , even though shootings like this are incredibly rare ; even though — for all the press — less than one percent ( .pdf ) of homicides and suicides of children ages 5 to 19 occur in schools .
In fact , these overreactions occurred , not despite these facts , but because of them .
The Virginia Tech massacre is precisely the sort of event we humans tend to overreact to .
Our brains are n’t very good at probability and risk analysis , especially when it comes to rare occurrences .
We tend to exaggerate spectacular , strange and rare events , and downplay ordinary , familiar and common ones .
There ’s a lot of research in the psychological community about how the brain responds to risk — some of it I have already written about — but the gist is this :
Our brains are much better at processing the simple risks we ’ve had to deal with throughout most of our species ’ existence , and much poorer at evaluating the complex risks society forces us to face today .
Novelty plus dread equals overreaction .
We can see the effects of this all the time .
We fear being murdered , kidnapped , raped and assaulted by strangers , when it ’s far more likely that the perpetrator of such offenses is a relative or a friend .
We worry about airplane crashes and rampaging shooters instead of automobile crashes and domestic violence — both far more common .
In the United States , dogs , snakes , bees and pigs each kill more people per year ( . pdf ) than sharks .
In fact , dogs kill more humans than any animal except for other humans .
Sharks are more dangerous than dogs , yes , but we ’re far more likely to encounter dogs than sharks .
Our greatest recent overreaction to a rare event was our response to the terrorist attacks of 9/11 .
I remember then - Attorney General John Ashcroft giving a speech in Minnesota — where I live — in 2003 , and claiming that the fact there were no new terrorist attacks since 9/11 was proof that his policies were working .
I thought : “ There were no terrorist attacks in the two years preceding 9/11 , and you did n’t have any policies .
What does that prove ? ”
What it proves is that terrorist attacks are very rare , and maybe our reaction was n’t worth the enormous expense , loss of liberty , attacks on our Constitution and damage to our credibility on the world stage .
Still , overreacting was the natural thing for us to do .
Yes , it ’s security theater , but it makes us feel safer .
People tend to base risk analysis more on personal story than on data , despite the old joke that “ the plural of anecdote is not data . ”
If a friend gets mugged in a foreign country , that story is more likely to affect how safe you feel traveling to that country than abstract crime statistics .
We give storytellers we have a relationship with more credibility than strangers , and stories that are close to us more weight than stories from foreign lands .
In other words , proximity of relationship affects our risk assessment .
And who is everyone ’s major storyteller these days ?
Television .
( Nassim Nicholas Taleb ’s great book , The Black Swan : The Impact of the Highly Improbable , discusses this . )
Consider the reaction to another event from last month : professional baseball player Josh Hancock got drunk and died in a car crash .
As a result , several baseball teams are banning alcohol in their clubhouses after games .
Aside from this being a ridiculous reaction to an incredibly rare event ( 2,430 baseball games per season , 35 people per clubhouse , two clubhouses per game .
And how often has this happened ? ) , it makes no sense as a solution .
Hancock did n’t get drunk in the clubhouse ; he got drunk at a bar .
But Major League Baseball needs to be seen as doing something , even if that something does n’t make sense — even if that something actually increases risk by forcing players to drink at bars instead of at the clubhouse , where there ’s more control over the practice .
I tell people that if it ’s in the news , do n’t worry about it .
The very definition of “ news ” is “ something that hardly ever happens . ”
It ’s when something is n’t in the news , when it ’s so common that it ’s no longer news — car crashes , domestic violence — that you should start worrying .
But that ’s not the way we think .
Psychologist Scott Plous said it well in The Psychology of Judgment and Decision Making : “ In very general terms : ( 1 ) The more available an event is , the more frequent or probable it will seem ; ( 2 ) the more vivid a piece of information is , the more easily recalled and convincing it will be ; and ( 3 ) the more salient something is , the more likely it will be to appear causal . ”
So , when faced with a very available and highly vivid event like 9/11 or the Virginia Tech shootings , we overreact .
And when faced with all the salient related events , we assume causality .
We pass the Patriot Act .
We think if we give guns out to students , or maybe make it harder for students to get guns , we ’ll have solved the problem .
We do n’t let our children go to playgrounds unsupervised .
We stay out of the ocean because we read about a shark attack somewhere .
It ’s our brains again .
We need to “ do something , ” even if that something does n’t make sense ; even if it is ineffective .
And we need to do something directly related to the details of the actual event .
So instead of implementing effective , but more general , security measures to reduce the risk of terrorism , we ban box cutters on airplanes .
And we look back on the Virginia Tech massacre with 20 - 20 hindsight and recriminate ourselves about the things we should have done .
Lastly , our brains need to find someone or something to blame .
( Jon Stewart has an excellent bit on the Virginia Tech scapegoat search , and media coverage in general . )
But sometimes there is no scapegoat to be found ; sometimes we did everything right , but just got unlucky .
We simply can’t prevent a lone nutcase from shooting people at random ; there ’s no security measure that would work .
As circular as it sounds , rare events are rare primarily because they do n’t occur very often , and not because of any preventive security measures .
And implementing security measures to make these rare events even rarer is like the joke about the guy who stomps around his house to keep the elephants away .
“ Elephants ?
There are no elephants in this neighborhood , ” says a neighbor .
“ See how well it works ! ”
If you want to do something that makes security sense , figure out what ’s common among a bunch of rare events , and concentrate your countermeasures there .
Focus on the general risk of terrorism , and not the specific threat of airplane bombings using liquid explosives .
Focus on the general risk of troubled young adults , and not the specific threat of a lone gunman wandering around a college campus .
Ignore the movie - plot threats , and concentrate on the real risks .
This essay originally appeared on Wired.com , my 42nd essay on that site .
EDITED TO ADD ( 6/5 ) : Archiloque has translated this essay into French .
EDITED TO ADD ( 6/14 ) : The British academic risk researcher Prof. John Adams wrote an insightful essay on this topic called “ What Kills You Matters — Not Numbers . ”
Posted on May 17 , 2007 at 2:16 PM • 79 Comments
Our goal throughout has been to produce a global earth database of the best quality -- accounting for timeliness , resolution , cloud cover , light conditions , and color balancing .
Given that the changes that affected New Orleans happened many months ago , we were a bit surprised by some of these recent comments .
Nevertheless , we recognize the increasingly important role that imagery is coming to play in the public discourse , and so we 're happy to say that we have been able to expedite the processing of recent ( 2006 ) aerial photography for the Gulf Coast area ( already in process for an upcoming release ) that is equal in resolution to the data it is replacing .
That new data was published in Google Earth and Google Maps on Sunday evening .
Make no mistake , this was n't any effort on our part to rewrite history .
But it looks like this April Fool 's joke was on us .
The other is Carl Friedrich Gauss , an astronomer and mathematician , who cannot live without women , but who leaps out of bed on his wedding night to note a formula .
From his home in Göttingen , Gauss discovers that space is bent .
The two men - old , famous and a bit odd - meet each other in Berlin in 1828 .
No sooner has Gauss emerged from his carriage , however , than he finds himself caught up in the confusion of Germany after the fall of Napoleon .
Gripped ?
You will be .
In fact , Measuring the World has proved nothing less than a literary sensation .
Since it was published last September , the novel has sold more than 600,000 copies in Germany , knocking JK Rowling and Dan Brown off the top of the best - seller list .
Last week it was still at number two , 10 months after publication .
The book , which also features a senile Immanuel Kant , is the most successful German novel since Patrick Susskind 's Perfume two decades ago .
It has n't just delighted the readers .
It has also enthralled Germany 's famously grudging critics , who have swooningly praised the novel and hailed its author - 31 - year - old Daniel Kehlmann - as a literary wunderkind .
Nabokov comparisons
Already , he is being compared to Nabokov and Proust .
" Normally when you send a novel to a publisher you do it with a sense of nervousness .
But I sent this one off with a feeling of joy , " Kehlmann told the Guardian .
" I had hoped it might sell 40,000 or 50,000 copies .
I never dreamed of this success . "
The novel marks a change in Germany 's post - war literary landscape .
For decades German fiction has enjoyed the reputation of being serious , worthy and a bit dull .
It has , for the most part , been preoccupied with the country 's grim past .
Recently however , several young authors including Kehlmann himself , Jakob Hein , and the Russian - born Wladimir Kaminer , have demonstrated that they can write with playfulness and irony .
And although its subject could hardly be more German , Measuring the World does not feel like a " German " novel - more like the kind of thing that Gabriel García Márquez might have written had he been born in Stuttgart .
" I wanted to write a Latin American novel .
But I 'm not from Latin America .
I can't write like Márquez , who has a beautiful woman putting the washing on the line and suddenly being caught up by the wind and flying away , " says Kehlmann , who lives in Vienna but is currently staying in Strasbourg .
" But I could have the Latin American atmosphere and playfulness and absurdity and anything could happen .
" I 've written a Latin American novel about Germans and German classicism . "
What distinguishes Measuring the World from previous German novels is its delightful authorial irony , whether describing the failed seduction of Humboldt by a 15 - year - old servant girl - the book suggests that Humboldt is probably gay - or his adventures up the Orinoco river .
At one point an alien spaceship makes an appearance , leaving the reader wondering whether anything in the story is actually true .
" It has the tone of a non-fiction book .
But it keeps slipping into fiction and mock - historical monography , " Kehlmann said .
" It 's very sincere , but not sincere at all . "
Kehlmann is also shaking up the German publishing industry with attacks on the " morose special path " that German writing has trodden in the post - war years .
Earlier this month he bemoaned the fact that German writers are forced to give hour - long public readings , and instead of writing novels , spend most of their lives on trains .
In particular he has let rip at Group 47 , a group of leftwing writers and critics including Günter Grass who , he said , had ensured that German writing remained provincial , elitist and aloof .
They had also failed to recognise the greatness of WG Sebald , he said .
Brandenburg 's Humboldt Society , meanwhile , has complained that Kehlmann has shown insufficient reverence to Humboldt , one of Germany 's greatest scientists .
But most critics have got the point : that after a long period of estrangement new German writers have discovered humour .
" A lot of German literature has the same reputation as Germany does abroad , " Felicitas von Lowenberg , literary editor of the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung said .
" It 's serious .
And it 's all about history .
You feel weighed down by it . "
" And then Kehlmann comes along .
He 's amazing .
He 's very serious yet at the same time makes it all look so easy and playful .
It 's very hard to be witty and funny at the same time without being shallow .
He 's charming as well . "
Magic realism
Increasingly , it seems , young German writers are no longer looking to Thomas Mann and Grass for inspiration , or studying the theories of Theodor Adorno .
Instead , they are looking to Anglo - Saxon fiction and Spanish magic realism .
Kehlmann - who studied German literature and philosophy at university , publishing his first novel at 22 - spent his teens reading Nabokov and Borges .
He likes British writers including Zadie Smith and Ian McEwan .
" Atonement is one of the best novels of the past 30 years .
An incredible masterpiece , " he says .
More than this , though , Kehlmann says that Germans are beginning to get over the belief - carefully fostered by the feuilleton or arts sections of the big newspapers - that only high culture counts .
" I 'm a big fan of The Simpsons , " he explains .
" I think it 's great modern art .
A lot of interesting epic art now comes from US TV .
You have The Sopranos .
It 's a modern realist novel that is n't expressed as a novel .
It 's like modern Balzac . "
" Germany has yet to catch up , ' he says .
" If you look the same thing happened with the 18th - century novel .
In the 18th century if you wanted to be highly regarded you had to write verse epics .
" Novels were low - rate entertainment .
The novel became an art form and nobody wrote verse epics any more . "
A British edition of Measuring the World will be published by Quercus in spring 2007 .
In a classy ever - so - subtle dig at the harpie he ’s divorcing , Heather Mills , Paul McCartney has dedicated his new album to the memory of his dear wife , Linda , who succumbed to breast cancer in 1998 .
He held a press conference for his new classical album , Ecce Cor Meum ( Behold My Heart ) .
He spoke of how he poured his pain into the new album and used it as a way to work though his sadness .
He ended the press conference good - naturedly when a reporter asked about his divorce :
McCartney , 64 , spoke at a press conference in London for his new classical album , Ecce Cor Meum ( Behold My Heart ) .
Asked how he ’s faring these days , he said , “ I ’m doing fine .
It ’s okay .
I am enjoying music .
It ’s something I love to do .
It ’s something that sustains me . ”
The new album was inspired by McCartney ’s late wife , Linda , who died of breast cancer in 1998 .
“ It was started when Linda was alive , ” he said .
“ It has a lot of my feelings for her in it .
“ When she died it stalled me and it took a year or so to before I could get back into it , ” he continued .
“ And the interlude in the middle , the sad melody , is what got me back into it .
So her spirit is very much in this .
It would have been her birthday yesterday , so it ’s very appropriate .
The press conference came to an end when a reporter asked about a story that had appeared in the morning ’s newspapers , apparently quoting McCartney as saying he found it hard to cope with his split from Mills .
McCartney said , “ Now wait a minute .
You ’re a little renegade , coming out of the corner here .
I have n’t read the Daily Mirror today .
Have we someone breaking away from the script ?
I think we have . ”
Paul had such a bond with Linda , and it ’s sad and bittersweet that he is dedicating this album to her .
There was a report that Heather Mills was banned from a supermarket this weekend after being recognized for shoplifting there as a teenager , but that was undoubtedly a story made up by the British press , who are now free to make fun of her openly .
( I may not believe that story , but I do think she was a high - paid hooker in the 80s .
NSFW )
Heather and Paul ’s divorce is said to be moving along amicably , with people speculating she could receive up to 200 million of his 800 million pound fortune as a settlement .
Paul and Heather did not have a prenuptual agreement .
Thanks to Best Week Ever for the header picture of Paul showing us his real worth .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Fortune ) --
One of the most astonishing things about the new Apple iPhone , introduced yesterday by Steve Jobs at the annual Macworld trade show , is how Apple ( Charts ) managed to keep it a secret for nearly two - and - a - half years of development while working with partners like Cingular , Yahoo ( Charts ) and Google ( Charts ) .
The iPhone , which wo n't be available in the United States until June , represents a close development partnership with America 's largest wireless phone company ( Cingular , now a part of AT&T ( Charts ) , has 58 million subscribers ) , the world 's largest e-mail service ( Yahoo has a quarter - billion subscribers worldwide ) , and the world 's dominant search company .
Although speculation was rampant before the introduction that Apple would introduce a phone with iPod capabilities , actual details of the device were scarce .
Even some senior Apple managers whispered during the keynote that they were seeing the iPhone for the first time , along with the 4,000 other Apple followers who crammed the Moscone meeting center here .
Indeed , Apple 's emphasis on secrecy may have influenced Apple 's choice of Cingular to be the exclusive provider for iPhone service in the United States .
Apple , legendary for the ferocity with which it safeguards new product announcements , had extraordinary challenges in keeping the iPhone under wraps for 30 months .
Besides involving Cingular , Google and Yahoo , not to mention the unnamed Asian manufacturer , the project touched nearly every department within Apple itself , Jobs said , more so than in any previous Apple creation .
No one thinks Apple went to the draconian lengths of some rivals , like Hewlett - Packard ( Charts ) , which obtained phone records , read e-mail , riffled through trash and otherwise spied on board members , employees and journalists in order to track down leaks of confidential company information .
( See correction . )
However , Apple does make it clear to employees and business partners that they will be dismissed and possibly prosecuted for leaking company secrets .
Apple has also played the bully role , suing bloggers and other independent journalists for posting purported advance information about unannounced Apple products .
Secrets - along with patents - protect Apple against competitive threats from foreign companies that have become expert at instant cloning of Apple 's products and designs .
But secrets also create a major buzz factor .
As the giant Consumer Electronics Show opened this week in Las Vegas , where hundreds of the world 's biggest gadget and gizmo companies show off their newest and greatest gear , everyone was talking about the company that was not there - Apple - and speculating on what Steve Jobs had up the sleeves of his trademark black mock turtleneck shirt .
Many of the country 's top technology analysts and journalists flocked to the Las Vegas airport Monday night , on the first day of CES , to be able to see Jobs reveal his secrets here Tuesday morning .
Although their applications will be crucial parts of the iPhone experience , neither Yahoo nor Google saw the actual phone until shortly before the keynote , Jobs said .
The software development was done without needing to provide a hardware prototype .
In some cases , Apple deliberately disguised software builds , known as " stacks " , to keep programmers from seeing the actual interface .
The Cingular partnership was especially complicated .
Cingular had been a partner when Apple made its first foray into the phone business , providing iTunes software for the ill - fated Motorola ( Charts ) ROKR , unleashed in 2005 .
The norm in the telecom business is for carriers to dictate to phone manufacturers which features and technologies they want to offer to their subscribers , which is anathema to Apple culture .
But in the case of the ROKR - which I reviewed as the STNKER - it was Motorola 's meddling that drove Apple nuts .
When the ROKR finally emerged , clumsy and underpowered , Jobs held it up on stage with all the enthusiasm of a man holding a dead rat by the tail .
Jobs came out of the ROKR experience even more determined to maintain total control over what he called the reinvention of the telephone .
However , he said , he enjoyed working with Cingular .
And apparently the sentiment was mutual .
Two years ago , Jobs and Cingular 's chief executive , Stan Sigman , got together to forge a multiyear pact to work together on the iPhone .
The Apple phone did n't even exist as a sketch at that point , but apparently Sigman trusted that Jobs and Apple would deliver on their promise to revolutionize the mobile handset .
And Apple trusted Cingular not to meddle in the hardware or feature design .
" They let Apple be Apple , " one Apple executive said .
Cingular worked with Apple software developer on breakthrough features like visual voicemail - the ability to see a list of voicemail messages in a list and choose to listen to them in any order , instead of sequentially , as most carriers require today - while Apple focused on what it does best , the close integration of elegant hardware design with powerful but simple - to - use software .
Even so , Apple did n't show Cingular the final iPhone prototype until just weeks before this week 's debut .
In some cases , Apple crafted bogus handset prototypes to show not just to Cingular executives , but also to Apple 's own workers .
Meanwhile , Jony Ive , Apple 's design guru , was refining the sleek , final design .
At the Macworld keynote , with Cingular 's Sigman on stage with him , Jobs hinted again that the exclusive , multiyear partnership with Cingular would yield more phones that just the two iPhone models unveiled today .
( The two are basically identical : A $ 499 device with four gigabytes of internal memory , and a $ 599 version with eight gigabytes . )
In the end , Apple decided to reveal the iPhone several months ahead of its official June launch because it could not keep the secret any more .
Apple has to file with the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) for the permits needed to operate the iPhone , and once those public filings are made , Apple has no control over the release of that information .
So , Jobs said , he made the decision to have Apple tell the world about its new phone , rather than the FCC .
Pillow talk was a challenge at the other end of the spectrum .
Keeping secrets from loved ones is especially hard .
Those stresses were amplified by the frantic race over the past half year to get the iPhone ready for launch .
As Macworld approached , dinners were missed , kids were not tucked in properly , and family plans were disrupted , especially over the holidays .
And for what ?
" Sorry , that 's classified " is not considered a satisfactory answer in many households when Mom or Dad misses the school play or the big wedding anniversary dinner .
Phil Schiller , Apple 's head of marketing and one of the few Apple executives involved with the project from the start , said he had to keep the iPhone development secret even from his wife and children .
When he left home for the official unveiling yesterday , Schiller said , his son asked , " Dad , can you finally tell us now what you 've been working on ? "
Jobs paused during the keynote to acknowledge the strain and sacrifices that the past months have brought not just for the employees who kept the secrets so well , but also for their families .
" We could n't have done it without you , " he said , with obvious sincerity .
Correction :
An earlier version of this story incorrectly described HP 's monitoring of employee , director and journalist communications .
CNNMoney.com regrets the error .
( Return to story )
Detroit City Council votes to impeach Bush and Cheney RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday May 16 , 2007 Print This Email This The Detroit City Council , led by Monica Conyers , wife of Rep. John Conyers ( D - MI ) , today unanimously passed a resolution calling for the impeachment of President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney by the US House of Representatives .
Detroit joins a growing list of cities , and the state of Vermont , which have passed resolutions urging the impeachment of the president and vice president .
The full text of the bill the Detroit City Council passed follows : Resolution to Impeach President George W. Bush and Vice - President Richard B. Cheney Introduced by Council President Pro Tempore Monica Conyers and Council Member JoAnn Watson Passed in the Name of the Full Council , Wednesday , May 16 , 2007 WHEREAS , George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney conspired with others to defraud the United States of America by intentionally misleading Congress and the public regarding the threat from Iraq in order to justify a war in violation of Title 18 United States Code , Section 371 ; and WHEREAS , George W. Bush has admitted to ordering the National Security Agency to conduct electronic surveillance of American civilians without seeking warrants from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review , duly constituted by Congress in 1978 , in violation of Title 50 United States Code , Section 1805 ; and WHEREAS , George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney conspired to commit the torture of prisoners in violation of the " Federal Torture Act " Title 18 United States Code , Section 113C , the UN Torture Convention and the Geneva Convention , which under Article VI of the Constitution are part of the " supreme Law of the Land " ; and WHEREAS , George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney acted to strip American citizens of their constitutional rights by ordering indefinite detention without access to legal counsel , without charge and without the opportunity to appear before a civil judicial officer to challenge the detention , based solely on the discretionary designation by the President of a U.S. citizen as an " enemy combatant " , all in subversion of law ; and WHEREAS , In all of this George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney have acted in a manner contrary to their trust as President and Vice President , subversive of constitutional government to the great prejudice of the cause of law and justice , and to the manifest injury of the people of the City of Detroit and of the United States of America ; and WHEREAS, Petitions from the country at large may be presented by the Speaker of the House according to Clause 3 of House Rule XII ;
Be it resolved that George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney , by such conduct , warrant impeachment and trial , and removal from office and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor , trust or profit under the United States ;
Be it resolved further by the City of Detroit , that our senators and representatives in the United States Congress be , and they are hereby , requested to cause to be instituted in the Congress of the United States proper proceedings for the investigation of the activities of the George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney , to the end that they may be impeached and removed from such office .
Be it resolved further , that the Clerk of the City of Detroit be , and is hereby , instructed to certify to the Speaker of the House of Representatives , under the seal of the City of Detroit , a copy of this resolution and its adoption by the City of Detroit , as a petition , and request that this petition be delivered to the Office of the Clerk and entered in the United States Congressional Journal .
The copies shall be marked with the word " Petition " at the top of the document and contain the original authorizing signature of the City Clerk , Janice M. Winfrey . #
It ’s only fitting that a service pitched to traveling salesmen should find itself confronting an especially nasty version of what ’s known as the “ traveling - salesman problem . ”
Stated simply : Given a salesman and a certain number of cities , what ’s the shortest possible path he should take before returning home ?
It ’s a classic conundrum of resource allocation that rears its ugly head in industries ranging from logistics ( especially trucking ) to circuit design to , yes , flesh - and - blood traveling salesmen :
How do you minimize the cost and maximize your efficiency of movement ?
advertisement
advertisement
Back in 2002 , that was the question facing DayJet , a new air - taxi service hoping to take off this spring .
Based in Delray Beach , Florida , DayJet will fly planes , but its business model is n’t built around its growing fleet of spanking - new Eclipse 500 light jets .
It ’s built on math and silicon , and the near - prophetic powers that have in turn emerged from them .
“ We ’re a software and logistics company that only happens to make money flying planes , ” insists Ed Iacobucci , an IBM veteran and cofounder of Citrix Systems , who started DayJet as his third act .
The advent of affordable air taxis has been heralded by a steady drumbeat of press over the past few years , with an understandable fixation on the sexy new technology that ’s generally credited with making the market possible : the planes .
The Eclipse 500 is a clean - sheet design for a tiny jet that seats up to six and costs about $ 1.5 million ( the Federal Aviation Administration may clear it for mass production as early as next month ) .
It is also the most fuel - efficient certified jet in the sky .
Cessna , meanwhile , has rolled out its own , if pricier , “ very light jet ” ( VLJ ) , with Honda ’s set to appear in 2010 .
No less an authority than The Innovator ’s Dilemma author and Harvard Business School professor Clayton Christensen has mused in print that the E500 and its ilk “ could radically change the airline industry ” by disrupting the hub - and - spoke system we all know and despise .
But Iacobucci , who wrote a check long ago for more than 300 orders and options on Eclipse ’s first planes , is n’t relying on the aircraft to make or break him .
Instead , it ’s his company ’s software platform–and the novel way it attacks the traveling - salesman problem–that will set DayJet apart .
On day one of operations , flying from just five cities in Florida with only 12 planes , DayJet ’s dispatchers will already have millions of interlocking flight plans to choose from .
As the company ’s geographic footprint spreads ( with luck ) across the Southeast–and as its fleet expands as well –the computational challenge only gets worse .
Factor in such variables as pilot availability , plane maintenance schedules , and the downpours that drench the peninsula like clockwork in the summer , and well , you get the idea : Finding the shortest , fastest , and least - expensive combination of routes could take every computer in the universe until the end of time .
“ I knew what the complexities were and how the problem degenerates once you reach a threshold , ” Iacobucci says .
So he did n’t try to find the optimal solution .
Instead , DayJet began looking for a family of options that create positive ( if imperfect ) results –following a discipline known as “ complexity science . ”
For the past five years , with no planes , pilots , or customers , DayJet has been running every aspect of its business thousands of times a day , every day , in silicon .
Feeding in whatever data they could find , Iacobucci and his colleagues were determined to see how the business would actually someday behave .
When DayJet finally starts flying , they ’ll switch to real - time flight data , using their operating system to shuttle planes back and forth the way computers shuttle around bits and bytes .
Iacobucci is an expert at building operating systems–he did it for decades at IBM and Citrix .
Because of that , he has zero interest in the loosey - goosey world of Web 2.0 .
He sees the next great opportunities in business as a series of operating systems designed to model activities in the real world .
DayJet looks to be the first , but he has no doubt there will be others , and that new companies , and even new industries , will appear overnight as computers tease answers out of previously intractable problems .
advertisement
Which brings us back to the traveling salesmen .
Iacobucci says his computer models predict that DayJet ’s true competitors are not the airlines , but Bimmers and Benzes–he says 80 % of his revenue will come from business travelers who would otherwise drive .
In other words , DayJet , which closed an additional $ 50 million round of financing in March , is creating a market where none exists , an astonishing mathematical feat .
To get there , all Iacobucci needed was five years , a professor with a bank of 16 parallel processors , two so - called Ant Farmers , and a pair of “ Russian rocket scientists ” who , it turns out , are neither Russian nor rocket scientists .
“ This is way nastier than any of the other airline - scheduling work we ’ve ever done , ” says Georgia Tech professor George Nemhauser , whose PhD students have been helping to map the scope of DayJet ’s mountain - sized scheduling dilemma .
“ You can think of this as a traveling - salesman problem with a million cities , and that ’s a problem DayJet has to solve every day . ”
Tapping into the school ’s computing power , Nemhauser and his students have figured out how to calculate a near - perfect solution for 20 planes in a few seconds ’ worth of computing time and a solution for 300 planes in 30 hours .
But as impressive as that is , in the real world , it ’s not nearly enough .
That ’s because in order for DayJet ’s reservations system to succeed , Iacobucci and company need an answer and a price in less than five seconds , the limit for anyone conditioned to Orbitz or Expedia .
Because DayJet has no preset schedule–and because overbooking is out of the question ( DayJet will fly two pilots and three passengers maximum ) –any request to add another customer to a given day ’s equation requires its software to crunch the entire thing again .
One of Iacobucci ’s oldest pals and investors , former Microsoft CFO and Nasdaq chairman Mike Brown , pointed him toward a shortcut–a way to cheat on the math .
Brown had retired with his stock options to pursue his pet projects in then bleeding - edge topics such as pattern recognition , artificial intelligence , nonlinear optimization , and computational modeling .
His dabblings led him first to Wall Street , where he invested in a trading algorithm named FATKAT and eventually to Santa Fe , New Mexico , ground zero for complexity science .
Iacobucci says 80 % of his revenues will come from travelers who would otherwise drive .
DayJet , in other words , is creating a market where none existed , an astonishing mathematical feat .
Invented by scientists at the nearby Los Alamos National Laboratory in the 1980s , complexity science is a gumbo of insights drawn from fields as diverse as biology , physics , and economics .
At its core is the belief that any seemingly complex and utterly random system or phenomenon –from natural selection to the stock market–emerges from the simple behavior of thousands or millions of individuals .
Using computer algorithms to stand in for those individual “ agents , ” scientists discovered they could build fantastically powerful and detailed models of these systems if only they could nail down the right set of rules .
When Brown arrived in town in the late 1990s , many of the scientists - in - residence at the Santa Fe Institute – the serene think tank dedicated to the contemplation of complexity –were rushing to commercialize their favorite research topics .
The Prediction Co. was profitably gaming Wall Street by spotting and exploiting small pockets of predictability in capital flows .
An outfit called Complexica was working on a simulator that could basically model the entire insurance industry , acting as a giant virtual brain to foresee the implications of any disaster .
And the BiosGroup was perfecting agent - based models that today would fall under the heading of “ artificial life . ”
advertisement
By the time Iacobucci mentioned his logistical dilemma to Brown in 2002 , however , most of Santa Fe ’s Info Mesa startups were bobbing in the dotcom wreckage .
But Brown knew that Bios had produced astonishingly elegant solutions a few years earlier by creating virtual “ ants ” that , when turned loose , revealed how a few false assumptions or bottlenecks could throw an entire system out of whack .
A model Bios built of Southwest ’s cargo operations , for example , cost $ 60,000 and found a way to save the airline $ 2 million a year .
Brown proposed that Iacobucci supplement his tool kit with a healthy dose of complexity science .
Iacobucci was already hard at work building an “ optimizer ” program that employed nonlinear algorithms and other mathematical shortcuts to generate scheduling solutions in seconds .
But what he really needed , Brown suggested , was an agent - based model ( ABM ) that would supply phantom traveling salesmen to train the optimizer .
Without it , he ’d essentially be guessing at the potential number and behavior of his future customers .
“ Eddy took no convincing , ” Brown says .
“ He was telling me , ‘ Get some guys down here and let ’s do this . ' ”
Brown dug up the Ant Farmers , a pair of Bios refugees and expert modelers named Bruce Sawhill and Jim Herriot .
Sawhill had been a theoretical physicist at the Santa Fe Institute , while Herriot had been a member of the original team that invented Java at Sun Microsystems .
Together , they ’re DayJet ’s own Mutt and Jeff , with Herriot playing congenial science professor and Sawhill his mischievous sidekick .
Meanwhile , to build the optimizer , Iacobucci recruited his pair of Russian rocket scientists : Alex Khmelnitsky and Eugene Taits , mathematical wizards he ’d hired once before at Citrix .
Rather than tackle every scheduling contingency via brute - force computing , the not -Russians cheated by slicing and dicing them into more manageable chunks .
They used opaque mathematical techniques such as heuristics and algebraic multigrids , which elegantly subdivide a sprawling problem like this one into discrete patches that can be solved ( within limits ) simultaneously .
Ironically , the more they slaved over the problem , the less it seemed that throwing a perfect bull ’s - eye every time was the key to their salvation .
The speed of their solutions was proving to be more crucial .
If they could provide DayJet with a minute - to - minute snapshot of near - perfect solutions , the system could essentially run the company for them .
DayJet would become faster–both in the air and operationally –than any of its competitors could ever hope to be .
“ Total soccer ” replaced brute - force attacks on goal with continuous ball movement , says modeling expert Jim Herriot .
“ In some sense , we ’re teaching DayJet how to play total soccer . ”
With one team working on modeling demand and the other calculating baroque flight plans , Iacobucci and his engineers then concocted a third software system called the Virtual Operation Center .
The VOC runs the company in silicon , feeding the phantom customers inside the ABM into the optimizer , which does its best to meet each of their demands with optimal efficiency and maximum gain .
Seen on - screen , the VOC is a time - lapse photograph of DayJet ’s daily operations , also drawing upon maintenance and real - time weather information to produce a final data feed that factors in nearly every facet of the business .
Iacobucci compares each run of the VOC with a game of baseball in which the ABM is continually pitching to the optimizer ; DayJet has already played several thousand lifetimes ’ worth of seasons .
advertisement
Armed with its real - time operating system , DayJet is pursuing a very different idea of optimality than , say , the airlines .
With their decades of expertise in the dark arts of yield management , the airlines know exactly how to squeeze every last dollar out of their seats , which is indeed pretty optimal .
But they also lack an effective plan B–let alone a plan C or D–in the event that the weather intervenes and schedules collapse .
In fact , while , say , JetBlue may now finally have a contingency plan or two , DayJet ’s business model is nothing but contingency plans .
Herriot offers another sports metaphor : “ Total soccer , ” popularized by the Dutch in the 1970s , replaced brute - force attacks to the goal with continuous ball movement .
“ Moving straight to the goal is an excellent way to score , except for one slight problem–the other team , ” Herriot says .
“ They ’re a human version of Murphy ’s Law .
In total soccer , you continually place the ball in a position with not the straightest but the greatest number of ways to reach the goal , the richest set of pathways . ”
“ Each individual pathway may have a lower possibility of reaching the goal than a straight shot , ” Sawhill chimes in , “ but the combinatorial multiplicity overwhelms the other team . ”
The Dutch discovered that a better strategy was a series of good , seamlessly connected solutions rather than a single brittle one .
“ The Dutch won a lot of games that way , ” Herriot adds .
“ It also created a different kind of player , a more agile , intelligent one .
In some sense , we ’re teaching DayJet how to play total soccer . ”
In complexity lingo , a chart of all the pathways those Dutch teams exploited would be called a “ fitness landscape , ” a sort of topographical map of every theoretical solution in which the best are visualized as peaks and the worst as deep valleys .
“ We ’re dealing with a problem where the problem specification itself is changing as you go along , ” Sawhill says .
“ You no longer want to find the best solution –you want to be living in a space of good solutions , so when the problem changes , you ’re still there . ”
Fluidity is the greater goal than perfection .
To that end , the company has been changing the problem inside its simulators every day for the past four and a half years , looking for those broad mesas of good solutions .
And after a million or so spins of the VOC , DayJet has produced a clear vision of the total market and its likely place in it .
Iacobucci expects to siphon off somewhere between 1 % and 1.5 % of all regional business trips within DayJet ’s markets by 2008 , with “ regional trips ” defined as being between 100 and 500 miles .
In the southeast states the company initially has its eye on , that ’s 500,000 to 750,000 trips a year , out of a total of 52 million , more than 80 % of which are currently traversed by car .
Yes , DayJet ’s life - or - death competition is Florida ’s SUV dealerships , not the airlines .
DayJet may even help the airlines slightly :
The model predicts some customers who fly DayJet one way will take a commercial flight back home .
advertisement
The reams of data produced by the VOC have already coalesced into a thick sheaf of battle plans framing best - to worst - case scenarios .
And having run the scenarios so relentlessly for so long , Iacobucci is now utterly sanguine about his prospects .
When I ask over dinner for the dozenth time about DayJet ’s presumptive break - even number , he flat out admits there is n’t one .
“ Within the realm of all realistic possibilities –at least 25 % of our projected demand to 125 % demand–we maintain profitability . ”
Even at 25 % ?
“ Sure , ” Iacobucci replies , “ it just takes longer , and takes more [ airports ] , and the margin is much lower .
But this is n’t going to be what the venture capitalists call the ‘ walking dead . ’
If it ’s a hit , it ’s going to be a hit pretty quickly . ”
“ We ’ll see more companies integrate modeling , ” says former Microsoft CFO Mike Brown .
“ This is just like the Internet :
One day no one had heard of it , the next day we were all using it . ”
I ’m not the only one who has trouble wrapping his head around the numbers , or lack thereof .
Iacobucci tells the story of one analyst asked to crunch the numbers ahead of an investment .
“ He asked a direct question : ‘ All I want to know is , what formula do I put into this cell to tell me how you come up with a revenue number ? ' ” Iacobucci says .
“ I told him , ‘ There ai n’t no formula to put in that cell !
It ca n’t be done !
We ’ll sit you down with our modelers , who will explain the range of numbers we came up with , but they ca n’t be encapsulated in a spreadsheet . ' ”
The would - be investors passed .
Not everyone is so put out by the math involved .
Esther Dyson , the veteran technologist and venture capitalist , now runs an annual conference called “ Flight School , ” in which DayJet has played a starring role .
“ I have no doubt it will work , ” she says , referring to the software , “ and I have no doubt they will spend time refining it and that there will be glitches here and there .
But I do think Ed knows how to design very highly available systems ” –a reference to his days building operating systems – “ and that ’s exactly what they ’re doing . ”
Mike Brown , who did ante up and today sits on DayJet ’s board , is convinced that businesses big and small will increasingly turn to modeling as a way of developing –or troubleshooting –their business plans , mapping out strategies and market expectations that go far , far beyond spreadsheets and PowerPoint decks .
“ We ’ll see more and more companies integrate modeling into the heart of their business .
This is just like the Internet :
One day no one had heard of it , the next day we were all using it . ”
Since Iacobucci sees himself as being in the operating - systems business , he has no intention of giving that system away .
( He learned that lesson the hard way at IBM . )
He does n’t want to build what he calls “ horizontal ” software that gets shared , e.g. , Web 2.0 and Windows , the two great platforms for which every programmer in Silicon Valley seems to be writing widgets these days .
Where everyone else in the business sees limitless opportunities in snap - together applications , Iacobucci sees a playing field so flat as to have no barriers to entry at all , and he does n’t like it .
According to Dyson , DayJet ’s competitors have so far pooh - poohed its software , assuming they ’ll be able to buy their own off the shelf at some point .
Eclipse Aviation ’s Vern Raburn hopes Iacobucci might be persuaded to license his tools , because Raburn ’s own business model depends upon air taxis ’ taking off .
Iacobucci says that is n’t going to happen .
“ There ’s a shift away from building another platform toward building highly integrated , vertical , special - purpose , high - performance systems , ” he argues .
Iacobucci envisions more companies like his own , in which the competitive advantage resides in custom - built , deeply proprietary , real - world operating systems that do n’t just streamline accounting , but become the central nervous systems of entirely new , scalable businesses .
He ’s looking to build barriers to entry out of brainpower–so much of it that rivals can never catch up .
( “ It ’s like in Dr. Strangelove , ” Sawhill quips .
“ ‘ Our German scientists are better than their German scientists . ' ” )
advertisement
Iacobucci points to Google as an example of what a vertical system can accomplish .
While everyone raves about free services on Google , the largely invisible supercomputers in Google ’s data centers are themselves invisibly tackling a variation on the traveling - salesman problem :
How do you solve millions of searches in parallel at any given second ?
“ When you get into mesh computing , ” the name for Google ’s technique , “ that ’s what it ’s all about : managing the complexity , ” Iacobucci insists .
But no company has ever built a business model around complexity from the ground up–until DayJet .
Thumbing his nose at the prevailing ethos in software circles of “ the wisdom of crowds , ” let alone that “ IT does n’t matter , ” Iacobucci has set out to first invent and then dominate a market he might have otherwise just sold software to .
“ When we built generic software at IBM and Citrix , the other side would always reverse - engineer it , ” he says .
“ The only thing the customer sees here is an incredible service .
This is ‘ software as a service . ' ”
Chris Matthews had raised a plausible hypothetical :
The prime minister of Israel calls the White House to alert the president that Israel is about to strike Iran ’s nuclear sites and he wants U.S. help .
Giuliani responded :
“ It really depends on what our intelligence says .
I mean , the reality is , the use of military force against Iran would be very dangerous .
It would be very provocative .
The only thing worse would be Iran being a nuclear power .
It ’s the worst nightmare of the Cold War , is n’t it , the nuclear weapons in hands of an irrational person , an irrational force .
Ahmadinejad is clearly irrational .
He has to understand it ’s not an option .
He can not have nuclear weapons .
And he has to look at an American president , and he has to see Ronald Reagan . ”
At first blush , this sounds like more misplaced hero worship , which leads Giuliani to believe the solution to every scenario is to be more Reaganesque .
But the recent history is a little more complicated than that .
As Matthew Ygelesias asked , “ Is that the version of Ronald Reagan who sold the Iranians weapons , or it is the version that sought to check Iranian power by sending Don Rumsfeld to Baghdad to assure Saddam Hussein that the United States did n’t really mind if he used poison gas to attack the Kurdish civilian population ? ”
I ’d only add that Giuliani ’s use of Reagan as a model for standing up to terrorist regimes is not only wrong , it ’s inconsistent with the conservative worldview post - 9/11 .
Indeed , it usually goes unmentioned , but the Bush White House has effectively blamed Reagan for emboldening terrorists and creating the conditions that contributed to 9/11 .
Consider this speech from 2005 :
“ [ Terrorists ] believe that democracies are inherently weak and corrupt and can be brought to their knees .
They looked at our response after the hostage crisis in Iran , the bombings of the Marine barracks in Lebanon , the first World Trade Center attack , the killing of American soldiers in Somalia , the destruction of two U.S. embassies in Africa , and the attack on the USS Cole .
They concluded that free societies lack the courage and character to defend themselves against a determined enemy . ”
Bush ’s line does n’t attack Reagan by name , of course , but the implication is about as subtle as a sledgehammer : “ My predecessors did n’t appreciate the threat ; I do . ”
For that matter , this was n’t just a random comment in a presidential speech — over the last few years , Reagan ’s weakness in the face of a terrorist threat has become the standard conservative line .
Here ’s Dick Cheney less than a year ago :
“ If we follow Congressman Murtha ’s advice and withdraw from Iraq the same way we withdrew from Beirut in 1983 … we will simply validate the al Qaeda strategy and guarantee more terrorist attacks in the future . ”
Again , neither Bush nor Cheney would be so bold as to attack Reagan directly , but they ’re clearly arguing that the Reagan model was ineffective and dangerous .
And no one on the right has stepped up in recent years to say otherwise .
So , when Giuliani insists that the Iranians need to see another Reagan in the White House , maybe the appropriate follow - up is , “ Why ? ”
Alex
Tew gained unwanted attention from net attacks
Alex Tew , 21 , hit the headlines at the start of the year when he revealed his Million Dollar Homepage had made him a million dollars in four months .
But the publicity brought the unwanted attention of extortionists who knocked the site over with a massive denial - of - service attack .
Following a week of downtime , the website is now back online .
Police alerted
Mr Tew 's encounter with the net criminals began on 7 January when he received an e-mail threatening to bombard the site with data unless he paid a ransom of $ 5,000 ( £ 2,800 ) .
I have n't replied to any of them as I do n't want to give them the satisfaction and I certainly do n't intend to pay them any money
Alex Tew
A series of other e-mails , upping the ransom to $ 50,000 ( £ 28,000 ) , followed .
" I have n't replied to any of them as I do n't want to give them the satisfaction and I certainly do n't intend to pay them any money , " Mr Tew told the BBC News website .
Both the FBI and the Hi-Tech Crime Unit of the Wiltshire Constabulary have been notified about the problem .
" Their instinct is that this attack originates in Russia although it is not possible to track the e-mail back to its source , " said Mr Tew .
" There is not much more that they can do , " he added .
Instead , Mr Tew 's web hosting firm Sitelutions worked to solve the problem , initially coming up with a hardware solution .
It did not work because of the size of the attack .
Currently traffic to Mr Tew 's website is being filtered via a US - based firm DDoSprotection.com - experts in dealing with such attacks - and that solution appears to be working .
The site is back online , albeit a little slow for visitors .
Preventing denial - of - service attacks can be a costly business but , ever the entrepreneur , Mr Tew is hopeful he can do a deal with his new partner - offering them free ad space in return for them keeping his site up and running .
Zombie PCs
It has become common practice for extortionists to target net firms and threaten to cripple their websites with deluges of data unless they pay a ransom .
DDoS ATTACK EXPLAINED DDoS = Distributed Denial of Service attack Malicious hacker uses virus to hijack numerous computers
On command these zombie computers flood the targeted website with useless data
The target 's internet servers are overwhelmed by junk data Customers have trouble using the targeted website Targeted website can be slow or inaccessible for days Fighting DoS attacks is laborious and costly Because the zombies are distributed across the internet , finding the attacker is difficult
So - called Distributed Denial - of - Service ( DDoS ) attacks overwhelm servers with customer requests until they are forced offline .
Computers are innocently recruited from all over the world to take part in the attack , each sending only a small part of the entire data flood .
The recruiting of machines to take part in attacks is typically done by infecting them with a virus or worm .
The net address of compromised machines - dubbed zombies or bots - is sent back to the criminal , who will use it to launch a DDoS .
THE costly effort to eradicate one of the world 's deadliest diseases has received a controversial boost — genetically modified mosquitoes that cannot pass on malaria .
Scientific trials have revealed that the GM mosquitoes could quickly establish themselves in the wild and drive out natural malaria - carrying insects — and break the route through which humans are infected .
The strategy is likely to be contentious because it would require the unprecedented release of tens of thousands of GM organisms into the wild .
But it has raised hopes among scientists , some of whom believe it may be powerful enough to bring under control a disease that strikes 300 million people a year and causes more than a million deaths .
Ninety years after he expounded his famous theory , a $ 700 m Nasa probe has proved that the universe behaves as he said .
Now the race is on to show that the other half of relativity also works
Under his name in the Oxford English Dictionary is the simple definition : genius .
Yet for decades physicists have been asking the question : did Albert Einstein get it wrong ?
After half a century , seven cancellations and $ 700 m , a mission to test his theory about the universe has finally confirmed that the man was a mastermind - or at least half proved it .
The early results from Gravity Probe B , one of Nasa 's most complicated satellites , confirmed yesterday ' to a precision of better than 1 per cent ' the assertion Einstein made 90 years ago - that an object such as the Earth does indeed distort the fabric of space and time .
But this - what is referred to as the ' geodetic ' effect - is only half of the theory .
The other , ' frame - dragging ' , stated that as the world spins it drags the fabric of the universe behind it .
Francis Everitt , the Stanford University professor who has devoted his life to investigating Einstein 's theory of relativity , told scientists at the American Physical Society it would be another eight months before he could measure the ' frame - dragging ' effect precisely .
' Understanding the details is a bit like an archeological dig , ' said William Bencze , programme manager for the mission .
' A scientist starts with a bulldozer , follows with a shovel , then finally uses dental picks and toothbrushes to clear the dust away .
We 're passing out the toothbrushes now . '
The Gravity Probe B project was conceived in the late 1950s but suffered decades of delays while other scientists ran tests corroborating Einstein 's theory .
It was Everitt 's determination that stopped it being cancelled .
The joint mission between Nasa and Stanford University uses four of the most perfect spheres - ultra precise gyroscopes - to detect minute distortions in the fabric of the universe .
Everitt 's aim was to prove to the highest precision yet if Einstein was correct in the way he described gravity .
According to Einstein , in the same way that a large ball placed on a elasticated cloth stretches the fabric and causes it to sag , so planets and stars warp space - time .
A marble moving along the sagging cloth will be drawn towards the ball , as the Earth is to the Sun , but not fall into it as long as it keeps moving at speed .
Gravity , argued Einstein , was not an attractive force between bodies as had been previously thought .
Few scientists need the final results , which will be revealed in December , to convince them of Einstein 's genius .
' From the most esoteric aspects of time dilation through to the beautiful and simple equation , e=mc2 , the vast bulk of Einstein 's ideas about the universe are standing up to the test of time , ' said Robert Massey , from the Royal Astronomical Society .
He said the mission was ' legitimate science ' to test a theory and confirm its brilliance , but others have criticised the costs and length of the study , claiming that what was announced had already been shown .
Sir Martin Rees , the Astronomer Royal , said the announcement would ' fork no lightning ' .
The theory explained
When Einstein wrote his general theory of relativity in 1915 , he found a new way to describe gravity .
It was not a force , as Sir Isaac Newton had supposed , but a consequence of the distortion of space and time , conceived together in his theory as ' space - time ' .
Any object distorts the fabric of space - time and the bigger it is , the greater the effect .
Just as a bowling ball placed on a trampoline stretches the fabric and causes it to sag , so planets and stars warp space - time - a phenomenon known as the ' geodetic effect ' .
A marble moving along the trampoline will be drawn inexorably towards the ball .
Thus the planets orbiting the Sun are not being pulled by the Sun ; they are following the curved space - time deformation caused by the Sun .
The reason the planets never fall into the Sun is because of the speed at which they are travelling .
According to the theory , matter and energy distort space - time , curving it around themselves .
' Frame dragging ' theoretically occurs when the rotation of a large body ' twists ' nearby space and time .
It is this second part of Einstein 's theory that the Nasa mission has yet to corroborate .
To follow up on comments on the culture of Alzheimer 's research linked over at the Longevity Meme , I thought I 'd point out some of the folk working hard to inject new ideas and theories into the field .
You do n't have to look far ; quite a few interesting lines of research have reached the popular science websites in just the past few days :
Alzheimer 's heart link explained :
Scientists have discovered how heart disease or a stroke may trigger Alzheimer 's disease .
Both conditions lead to a reduction of oxygen flow to the brain .
A University of British Columbia team , studying mice , found this stimulates increased development of the protein clumps thought to cause Alzheimer 's .
...
Scientists have known for some time that people with certain diseases that restrict their supply of oxygen , such as stroke or lung disorders , are more prone to Alzheimer 's and also that people who live at high altitudes are also at greater risk of developing the disease .
This research provides a molecular explanation for that anecdotal finding and shows that cues from cells , genes and a person 's environment all play a role in causing this dreadful disease .
Nerve Fibers Need Specific Growth Factor Chemical To Form Connections Within The Brain :
The study uncovers how cholinergic neuronal circuits , which help the cerebral cortex process information more efficiently , rely on neurotrophin - 3 , a chemical that stimulates nerve growth .
The scientists have determined the circuits need this chemical in order to recognize and reach their target nerve cells in the brain .
...
This finding , according to Robertson , has significant implications for neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer ’s .
Cholinergic neuronal circuits play a key role in the proper information processing by the cerebral cortex and other areas of the brain .
The cerebral cortex is the part of the brain that determines intelligence , personality , and planning and organization , and these actions are compromised by neurodegenerative diseases .
“ Studies on the brains of Alzheimer ’s patients have shown a marked decline in these cholinergic circuits .
Our work demonstrates that neurotrophin - 3 is essential to maintain the connections to cerebral cortex neurons , ” Robertson said .
“ This study shows that a neurotrophin - 3 therapy may be able to induce nerve fibers to regrow in the cerebral cortex , which would be beneficial to people with Alzheimer ’s . ”
More insight into Alzheimer 's disease with Stanford discovery of possible cause :
A peacekeeper in the body 's defenses against infection may hold the key to understanding - and eventually treating - Alzheimer 's disease .
Researchers at the Stanford University School of Medicine discovered that when a molecule responsible for dialing down the immune system malfunctions in the brain cells of mice , the rodents develop symptoms of the degenerative brain disease .
... Wyss - Coray and Ina Tesseur , PhD , an instructor in the Department of Neurology , examined thin slices of the brains of Alzheimer 's patients who had died , and discovered abnormally low levels of a molecule involved in controlling the body 's response to infection .
That molecule allows the brain to detect and respond to TGF - beta , or transforming growth factor , a protein teeming through our bodies , involved in fighting infection , stopping cancer and perhaps keeping brain cells alive .
No other researchers had seen this change before , so Tesseur and Wyss - Coray set out to investigate whether it had some connection to Alzheimer 's disease .
They hypothesized that by protecting neurons , TGF - beta may help prevent Alzheimer 's disease .
If the TGF - beta pathway is turned off , the brain becomes more susceptible to a toxic buildup of proteins .
The problem with Alzheimer 's - and most other complex biochemistry - is the matter of identifying what is the cause and what is the effect .
It is to be expected that much of what has been discovered by researchers will fall to the wayside as a side - effect of the progression of Alzheimer 's rather than an actual root cause .
Equally , most of the therapies currently under development will turn out to be largely ineffective patching up of consequences rather than cures .
Such is the way we forge into the unknown ; understanding will come , as the scientific method is a powerful filter for effective solutions to any problem .
Is Alzheimer 's actually a form of diabetes at root ?
Is it a failure of amyloid clearing mechanisms ?
Is amyloid even a cause , or is it a giant red herring and consequence of the real underlying biochemistry of the condition ?
It 's a complex business - new ideas and broader exploration are certainly needed while the establishment forges ahead with consensus work on understanding and defeating the buildup of amyloid .
Technorati tags : Alzheimer 's , neurodegeneration , medical research
The scandal has already claimed its first scalp in political Washington , with the resignation last Friday of Randall Tobias , who headed the US Agency for International Development .
Ms Palfrey told reporters she felt sorry for Mr Tobias , but chided him for not coming foward earlier because it might have helped her defence .
" Had he done so earlier , along with many , many others who have used my company 's services throughout the years , I most likely would not be in my current predicament , " she said after her court appearance .
Mr Tobias confirmed to ABC television that he used the services of the DC Madam , but insisted these did not include sex , only massages .
That line suits Ms Palfrey , who argues in her defence that she had no idea the women she employed as escorts were engaged in prostitution .
She claims her company , Pamela Martin & Associates , was a " sexual , albeit legal , business " .
It offered what it described as exclusive escort services to high profile clients , employing only women with college degrees .
She says her firm had a client list of more than 10,000 , including political officials , chief executive officers and other members of the Washington elite .
The prosecution says she ran more than 132 prostitutes out of her California home , charging $ 300 an hour for their services .
The DC Madam 's looming legal costs appear paramount in her deliberations about her telephone records .
She earlier sought to sell the list of numbers , which she claims weighs in at 46lb ( 21kg ) .
After the federal judge barred the sale , she decided to hand them over to ABC television .
It went on to out Mr Tobias .
The network is producing a show on the other names it has gleaned from the records later this week .
" My hope that defence witnesses could be found by combing through the information indeed is being realised , " she said .
Tiffany buys most of its gold from a Utah mine called Bingham Canyon that does not use cyanide , which can pollute water and lead to the release of other pollutants like mercury .
Last year Tiffany began processing its gold itself at a plant in Rhode Island as part of a strategy to control the supply chain .
Tiffany aims ultimately to provide customers with a " chain of custody assurance " stating where the gold in a ring or necklace has been , from mine to display case .
These changes are partly coming about , people in and out of the jewelry industry say , because gold mining 's environmental and social impacts have become impossible to ignore , especially in developing countries where political protests , corruption and displacement of indigenous peoples have often accompanied mining .
Because most of the known gold deposits in the world are in microscopic form -- the shiny nuggets of old are as dated as the miner and his mule -- huge industrial open - pit mines , usually using cyanide to retrieve the metal from base rock , are required to make mining economically viable .
And because the grades of ore are so weak , the process is hugely destructive and wasteful , with at least 30 tons of waste rock often needed to produce a single gold ring .
A months - long investigation by The New York Times , which led to a four - part series last year called " The Cost of Gold , " also raised questions about how and whether communities in developing countries consent to the mines in their midst , and whether the long - term environmental impacts in places like Nevada and Indonesia are being correctly assessed .
Then there 's the Wal - Mart effect .
Wal - Mart 's strategy for everything it sells , including gold , is to eliminate the middleman , buy direct from suppliers and pass the savings on to customers .
Jewelers are following suit as they try to cut costs and compete .
Industry experts and executives say the trend has nothing to do with ethics , but that more control of supply makes the ethics debate over dirty gold somewhat easier , because companies are already thinking more deeply about where things come from .
" The overall theme is know your vendors , " said David H. Sternblitz , a vice president and the treasurer at Zale Corporation .
" Make sure you know who you 're dealing with . "
Millions of files are being shared via peer to peer sites
The speed of current services , like BitTorrent , is limited by the number of people sharing a specific file , such as a movie or song .
Similarity - Enhanced Transfer ( SET ) works by spotting chunks of identical data in files that are an exact or near match to the one needed .
Using SET the researchers have seen speed increases of up to 500 % .
Looks familiar
The findings are outlined in a paper , Exploiting Similarity for Multi-Source Downloads Using File Handprints , written by David Andersen of Carnegie Mellon University , Himabindu Pucha , of Purdue University , and Michael Kaminsky of Intel Research .
Current file - sharing systems , like BitTorrent work best when there are multiple sources of a specific shared file .
When a file is shared it is divided into chunks and those parcels of data are distributed to groups of people who are searching for that file .
The more sources of those chunks there are , the more information there is that can be sent to a user , resulting in faster download speeds .
Identical pieces
But these services often fail to deliver fast speeds because there are not enough users sharing the chunks of the specific file wanted .
" A big limitation of BitTorrent is that it only lets clients share data if they 're downloading the exact same file , " said Professor Andersen .
" This means that the available client pool for any particular file is smaller than it needs to be . "
SET works faster because the trio realised that many files being shared on the net contain identical pieces of data even though they appear to be different .
Professor Andersen said he was " shocked " by this discovery .
" In retrospect , of course , the causes of the similarity ( different audio tracks , different artist names , etc. ) make a lot of sense , but I honestly did n't expect it at all , " he told the BBC News website .
The SET system assigns files a similarity ranking and can take chunks of data from files which are both identical and similar to the one being searched for .
The lower similarity ranking that SET searches for , the more sources for that data are likely to be found .
TV programmes like Lost are popular files to share
" The extra overhead of locating these sources does not out - weigh the benefit of using them to help saturate the recipient 's available bandwidth , " wrote the scientists .
" Indeed , exploiting similar sources can significantly improve download time , " it added .
SET uses a technique called handprinting - which has been used to filter junk e-mails - to seek out files that contain some of the data needed by the one a file - sharing program has requested .
For example , a search for a particular Madonna song may result in a wide range of titles because the tags , or labels , have been filled in differently , or incorrectly .
SET knows that the music data of a number of differently - labelled Madonna songs is identical and that chunks of data from those files can be shared between users .
In tests , SET improved the transfer time of an MP3 music file by 71 % and a 55 Mb movie trailer went 30 % faster using the researchers ' techniques to draw from movie trailers that were 47 % similar .
Prof Andersen said that SET could help most with less popular files .
" It gives clients a larger pool of other clients to draw from , " he said " This probably wo n't matter much for super - popular data , where there is already a huge set of people downloading it , but our experiments suggest that in the other cases , SET can help a lot . "
Retro-fitting BitTorrent to use SET could be quite straightforward , said Prof Andersen , though he added that some of its techniques would need much more work to make it very good at finding files that have some , but not all , of the data that a user wants .
He said he hoped developers would take the ideas and build on them .
" This is a technique that I would like people to steal , " he said and added that he hopes to use SET in a service for sharing software or academic papers .
" It would make P2P transfers faster and more efficient , " he added , " and developers should just take the idea and use it in their own systems . "
Implementation and Use of the PLT Scheme Web Server
Shriram Krishnamurthi , Fiona Hopkins , Jay McCarthy , Paul T. Graunke , Greg Pettyjohn , Matthias Felleisen
Higher - Order and Symbolic Computation , 2007
Abstract
The PLT Scheme Web Server uses continuations to enable a natural , console - like program development style .
We describe the implementation of the server and its use in the development of an application for managing conference paper reviews .
In the process of developing this application , we encountered subtle forms of interaction not directly addressed by using continuations .
We discuss these subtleties and offer solutions that have been successfully deployed in our application .
Finally , we present some details on the server ’s performance , which is comparable to that of the widely - used Apache Web server .
Comment
The version here has the text of the final paper , but the final version may have small differences in formatting and appearance .
Paper
PDF
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 , 03:32 pm Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 08:36 pm ( UTC )
badkalla Right on .
Right on .
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 08:41 pm ( UTC )
dd_b Although the vast majority of college students are under 21 .
Yeah , I 'd favor changing that age limit to 18 , or removing it entirely , too .
Although the vast majority of college students are under 21 .
Yeah , I 'd favor changing that age limit to 18 , or removing it entirely , too .
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 09:51 pm ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) Agreed , but even under current law a faculty member , staff member , or janitor could have been packing .
Also , there are plenty of students who are 21 or older .
Now I wonder if there will be any lawsuits over this :
The school has a rule against self defense , which , it is unarguable , gave the perpetrator a massive advantage , resulting in mass death .
If you removed all seatbelts or fire extinguishers , and the result was increased injury in a traffic accident , or a house lost to fire , would you not be at least partially accountable ?
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 08:41 pm ( UTC )
ilcylic Damn .
That 's spot on .
Damn .
That 's spot on .
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 08:42 pm ( UTC )
sam_newberry Гораздо сильнее , чем первый вариант .
Очень ... шокирует .
В хорошем смысле слова " бьет по восприятию " .
Гораздо сильнее , чем первый вариант .
Очень ... шокирует .
В хорошем смысле слова " бьет по восприятию " .
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 08:57 pm ( UTC )
leon_85 +1 +1 Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 09:16 pm ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) :
It 's either too early or too late for this ...
Either way , your timing is off .
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 10:56 pm ( UTC )
darthzeth Fear in the hearts of good men caused this .
Fear should be inspired in the hearts of bad men BY good men .
Do not be afraid to speak the truth .
ever .
Fear in the hearts of good men caused this .
Fear should be inspired in the hearts of bad men BY good men .
Do not be afraid to speak the truth .
ever .
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 09:19 pm ( UTC )
dd_b Further thinking -- if you change the second text to " would have helped * make * them safe " , you are n't left claiming that a law change definitely would have helped ( it 's permissible rhetorical overstatement IMHO , but still best avoided IMHO ) , and the " helped " is echoing the phrasing of Hincker 's statement , so it actually * increases * the rhetorical focus on " feel " vs. " make " which is the main point of this poster .
Further thinking -- if you change the second text to " would have helped * make * them safe " , you are n't left claiming that a law change definitely would have helped ( it 's permissible rhetorical overstatement IMHO , but still best avoided IMHO ) , and the " helped " is echoing the phrasing of Hincker 's statement , so it actually * increases * the rhetorical focus on " feel " vs. " make " which is the main point of this poster .
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 09:22 pm ( UTC )
igorilla Убивает не оружие , убивают люди Убивает не оружие , убивают люд и Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 09:26 pm ( UTC )
christeos_pir Suggest making the second line " ... made them be safe . "
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 02:50 am ( UTC )
mzmadmike THat 's clunky grammar and I think passive voice as well .
THat 's clunky grammar and I think passive voice as well .
Mon , Apr. 16th , 2007 10:53 pm ( UTC )
niteshad Today 's events were tragic , and I agree with Oleg and others that a gun in the hand of one of the good guys on the scene might have mitigated the death toll .
What does n't exactly add up for me was the time - line of events .
At 7:30 am , this guy shoots up a dorm and kills several people .
Then the students all go to class , and he 's given two hours to wander around campus and find the Engineering classrooms where he shoots still more people .
Then the school goes into crisis mode , locks down all of the buildings , cancels classes and tells everyone to stay inside because there 's a gunman on the loose .
Why was n't all of that done at 7:30 - 8:00 am in the morning .
The tragedy of the first shooting was unforseeable ; however , the second shooting might have been avoided by prompt action on the part of the University Administration .
Today 's events were tragic , and I agree with Oleg and others that a gun in the hand of one of the good guys on the scene might have mitigated the death toll .
What does n't exactly add up for me was the time - line of events .
At 7:30 am , this guy shoots up a dorm and kills several people .
Then the students all go to class , and he 's given two hours to wander around campus and find the Engineering classrooms where he shoots still more people .
the school goes into crisis mode , locks down all of the buildings , cancels classes and tells everyone to stay inside because there 's a gunman on the loose .
Why was n't all of that done at 7:30 - 8:00 am in the morning .
The tragedy of the first shooting was unforseeable ; however , the second shooting might have been avoided by prompt action on the part of the University Administration .
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 12:20 am ( UTC )
heypete Probably because most of the students were sleeping at 7:30 am , and it's not uncommon for students to sleep through class or otherwise not attend class .
Once the school was properly " open for business " in the sense of conducting classes , the shooting would likely have raised more attention .
Probably because most of the students were sleeping at 7:30 am , and it's not uncommon for students to sleep through class or otherwise not attend class .
Once the school was properly " open for business " in the sense of conducting classes , the shooting would likely have raised more attention .
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 12:01 am ( UTC )
blueingenue Today , students do n't feel safe .
Some students feel shot .
Some no longer feel anything at all .
Today , students do n't feel safe .
Some students feel shot .
Some no longer feel anything at all .
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 08:48 am ( UTC )
retiqlum
You do n't sound like you feel safe at all .
You know that most of the readers of this LJ are perfectly capable of protecting you .
Hell , I know of at least two ( including me ) who would travel large distances to make sure you 're ok .
So again I ask : are you OK ?
You do n't sound like you feel safe at all .
You know that most of the readers of this LJ are perfectly capable of protecting you .
Hell , I know of at least two ( including me ) who would travel large distances to make sure you 're ok .
So again I ask : are you OK ?
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 12:47 am ( UTC )
slamonella
Oleg , I love ya , but the mere ability to carry firearms does n't make anyone safe .
If anything , the last line should read " would have given them a chance to protect themselves . "
The message needs to get out , but it has to be the right message and it needs to be the truth .
Otherwise we just end up looking like deluded , right wing looneys .
Oleg , I love ya , but the mere ability to carry firearms does n't make anyone safe .
If anything , the last line should readThe message needs to get out , but it has to be the right message and it needs to be the truth .
Otherwise we just end up looking like deluded , right wing looneys .
Thu , Oct. 9th , 2008 05:39 pm ( UTC )
lesliekirkpatr
We do n't even need to get the approval of the U. N. .
We just stop meddling .
It is simply a matter of recognizing what our self - interest is , and doing it .
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 01:06 am ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) : Here 's that opportunity ...
For years , we 've speculated about the ability to hold accountable those in authority who have made it unlikely , if not impossible , to defend oneself in such a situation .
By decreeing that certain methods of self - defense [ as if they are n't inherently the purview of the individual !?!] are unacceptable , the " authorities " at Virginia Tech guaranteed a " gun-free " campus !
Helpless faculty , staff and students in the face of an onslaught by an armed man who *** knew *** that he would be facing only *** unarmed * ** victims was the result !
In this case , the track record could n't be clearer ... and I predict the first of many lawsuits , civil *** and*** criminal , will be filed before the month closes .
Bravo !
I want to see careers destroyed , fortunes forfeited , authorities bankrupted , university assets distributed to the parents , siblings , children and other parties of murdered individuals who died because they were forced to follow an outrageous violation of the most basic human right ... that to survive using any means necessary in self - defense .
Set your watches now ...
... Alex Wed , Apr. 18th , 2007 03:52 am ( UTC )
oldcurlywolf Alex ,
Absolutely the twit might never have made it out of the DORM , if the students and faculty who own and have licenses were allowed to carry on school property , odds are someone in that dorm would have been carrying .
Or he would have died in the Norris building because someone was carrying and the deathtoll would have been fewer .
OTOH as has been pointed out by others ... if the students had fought back period the deathtoll would n't have been as high .
There 's anywhere between what ?
a couple dozen and 100 or better students in any given classroom .
A couple dozen students , one psychotic homicidal , suicidal twit with a gun ...
Wolfie Alex , Absolutely the twit might never have made it out of the DORM , if the students and faculty who own and have licenses were allowed to carry on school property , odds are someone in that dorm would have been carrying .
Or he would have died in the Norris building because someone was carrying and the deathtoll would have been fewer .
OTOH as has been pointed out by others ... if the students had fought back period the deathtoll would n't have been as high .
There 's anywhere between what ?
a couple dozen and 100 or better students in any given classroom .
A couple dozen students , one psychotic homicidal , suicidal twit with a gun ... Wolfie Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 01:40 am ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) : Just so you know You 're an asshole .
I hope you rot in hell for making a political issue out of a tragedy .
Fuck you and the second ammendment .
It is my sincerest wish that you become terminally ill .
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 01:59 am ( UTC )
tomcatshanger
Wait , you 're not making a political issue by saying " Fuck you and the second amendment " ?
My , how hypocritical the idealists are .
Wait , you 're not making a political issue by saying " Fuck you and the second amendment " ?
My , how hypocritical the idealists are .
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 01:42 am ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) : Just so you know You 're an asshole .
I hope you rot in hell for making a political issue out of a tragedy .
Fuck you and your propaganda .
The shooter used two 9MM SIDEARM WEAPONS to kill 33 people ( 33 people whom you do n't really give two shits about ) .
It is my sincerest wish that you become terminally ill very soon and suffer to death .
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 01:51 am ( UTC )
sinanju Apparently Jack Nicholson was right .
You CAN 'T handle the truth .
These " crazed " killers somehow always target schools , post office buildings and other places where they 're almost certainly the other person with a gun .
They somehow never try this shit on gun ranges , in gun stores , or at police stations .
Perhaps you should save your ire for the assholes using this crime to promote their agenda of more gun control when guns were already banned from the campus .
Yeah , that 'll work .
Apparently Jack Nicholson was right .
You CAN 'T handle the truth .
These " crazed " killers somehow always target schools , post office buildings and other places where they 're almost certainly the other person with a gun .
They somehow never try this shit on gun ranges , in gun stores , or at police stations .
Perhaps you should save your ire for the assholes using this crime to promote their agenda of more gun control when guns were already banned from the campus .
Yeah , that 'll work .
Tue , Apr. 17th , 2007 02:14 am ( UTC )
2 percentright
Oh hell yeah , Volk .
You just went up several points on the awesomeness flowchart for this poster .
Oh hell yeah , Volk .
You just went up several points on the awesomeness flowchart for this poster .
Angkor
Wat is said to be the largest religious site in the world .
Not knowing a whole lot about it prior to my landing in Cambodia , I was surprised to hear this and had very high expectations of it ; due in part to Neumann ’s telling me it was spectacular as well .
It is located about 20 minutes from Siem Reap by tuk - tuk , and is really the only reason that people come to Siem Reap , so it was pretty clear from early on that Angkor Wat was going to be pretty crowded , but the most spectacular things in the world are said to be the most spectacular things in the world for a reason , so I was very excited about getting there .
This was still early on in my trip , so I still had the early morning excitement to get out and see things , where as Erick , my newfound German comrade had been traveling for seven months and was much more interested in sleeping in , so I ate banana pancakes and drank coffee , enjoying my priceless morning - time view of the fantastically brown river .
He does n’t seem to be able to hold his alcohol very well at all either , because when he stumbled out of his room around 9:30 he looked like hell .
His hair was all disheveled ; he was peering at me through half open eyes , and looked like he had a horrific headache to boot .
I made fun of him since we ’d only had a couple beers , and 20 minutes later he was dressed , and we were off to Angkor Wat .
We had met a tuk - tuk driver the night before who offered to drive us to and all around Angkor Wat for a good price .
We agreed on eight dollars for the entire day .
His name was Savaht , and having been dragged all over by every tuk - tuk and cab driver that I ’d encountered thus far , I was skeptical to hire someone for the whole day , but Erick and I both liked him , he had honest eyes , so we agreed , and he said he would meet us at the hotel early in the morning to take us .
He was there when I woke up , I could see him from the balcony , and he sat there , very patiently , waiting for us until we came downstairs around 10:00 to set out for the day .
He was exceptionally nice , spoke relatively good English , definitely good enough to communicate , and seemed like a very genuine , good person .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
University of Wisconsin- Madison 's Department of Computer Sciences :
Home | Call For Beards | Judging Criteria | Results | Photos
Click on thumbnail for larger photos of each contestant .
You can toggle between the before and after photos with the following buttons .
Honeypots mailing list archives
By Date By Thread Counter measures to VMware fingerprinting From : Kostya KORTCHINSKY < kostya.kortchinsky ( ) renater fr >
Date : Mon , 12 Jan 2004 10:27:04 +0100
Hi , Included with this mail is a patch that addresses a few of the most obvious ways to fingerprint locally a guest OS running under VMware .
The modifications done are : - names of the IDE devices ( HD & CDROM ) - names of the SCSI devices ( HD & CDROM ) - PCI vendor and device ID of the video adapter - I / O backdoor ( feel free to modify the magic number !)
This version targets VMware Workstation for Linux version 4.0.5 .
Only constants are modified ( except for the SCSI CDROM where a little code injection was needed since vendor and revision strings are originally the same as for the SCSI HD ) , which should n't raise any security issue .
This is only an early version of the patch , and the one being developped has more features , including BIOS replacements .
Anyway , I would like to have some return from experienced people regarding this , perhaps other things to patch , or other ways to fingerprint VMware .
I stress the fact that you should _backup_ your * vmware - vmx * binary before using this , and preferably your guest OS , in case things goes wrong .
Regards , Kostya KORTCHINSKY
French HoneyNet Project http://www.frenchhoneynet.org
/* * VMware fingerprinting counter measures * by Kostya KORTCHINSKY
< kostya ( dot ) kortchinsky ( at ) renater ( dot ) fr > * * Many thanks to the people of the French HoneyNet Project who helped me !
* * gcc - Wall - lz -o vmpatch vmpatch .c # zlib needed !
* * -- BACKUP YOUR VMWARE -VMX BINARY BEFORE USING THIS ! -- * * ./ vmpatch * *
This program is based on some reverse - engineering work carried out on * VMware Workstation binaries for Linux , and has for only aim to improve * the " furtivity " of VMware .
* * Please , understand that there is a chance to screw up guest OS , and * therefore this program should only be used by power users ( and preferably * for text mode oriented guest OS ) .
I stress that there is no need to use * this outside the context of HoneyPots .
* * Since this program patches mostly constants , it should n't raise any * security issue , and only addresses some _very_ obvious things : * - strings for IDE devices ( HD & CDROM ) * - strings for SCSI devices ( HD & CDROM ) * - video adaptor vendor & device IDs * - I / O backdoor * * I am aware that there are a lot of things remaining , and a more advanced * version is being developped and used with deeper changes such as whole * BIOSes replacement .
* * I would be glad to get some feedback about changes to bring , fingerprinting * methods to counter , ...
And yes , verbosity is minimal .
*/ #include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < string.h > # include < unistd.h > # include < linux / elf.h > # include < zlib.h > # define VERSION 0.1.1 typedef struct { unsigned long int vendor ; unsigned long int model ; unsigned long int revision ; } offsetsScsiHD ; typedef struct { unsigned long int model ; unsigned long int nops [ 4 ] ; } offsetsScsiCDROM ; typedef struct { char * vendor ; char * model ; char * revision ; } scsiDevice ; typedef struct { char * name ; unsigned short int vendor ; unsigned short int device ; } videoAdapter ; typedef struct { char * name ; offsetsScsiHD scsiHD ; offsetsScsiCDROM scsiCDROM ; unsigned long int videoAdapter [ 2 ] ; unsigned long int magicNumber ; unsigned long int ideHD ; unsigned long int ideCDROM ; } vmwareVersion ; scsiDevice scsiHDs [ ] = { { " IBM " , " DDRS - 34560 " , " S97B " } , { " QUANTUM " , " FIREBALL ST4.3S " , " 0F0C " } , { " SEAGATE " , " ST32155N " , " 0532 " } } ; scsiDevice scsiCDROMs [ ] = { { " PLEXTOR " , " CD - ROM PX - 40TS " , " 1.02 " } , { " YAMAHA " , " CRW6416S " , " 1.0c " } } ; videoAdapter videoAdapters [ ] = { { " nVidia Corporation NV10 [ GeForce 256 SDR ] " , 0x10de , 0x0100 } , { " ATI Technologies Inc 3D Rage Pro " , 0x1002 , 0x4747 } } ; char * ideHDs [ ] = { " Maxtor 88400D8 " , " IBM - DTNA -22110 " , " FUJITSU MHT2030 AT " } ; char * ideCDROMs [ ] = { " SONY CD-RW CRX140E " , " _NEC CD - 2800D " , " PLEXTOR CD-R PX - W8432T " } ; vmwareVersion vmwareVersions [ ] = { { " VMware Workstation 4.0.5 build -6030 " , { 0x5dba7 , 0x5dbc5 , 0x5dbf3 } , { 0x5f188 , { 0x5eb13 , 0x5eb83 , 0x5ec13 , 0x5ee74 } } , { 0x7f683 , 0x7f5a9 } , 0x10 aff , 0x9240 , 0x91e0 } } ; int version = - 1 ; unsigned char * vmxBinary = NULL , *vmmBinary = NULL ; Elf32_Ehdr *vmxEhdr = NULL , *vmmEhdr = NULL ; Elf32_Shdr *vmxShdr = NULL , *vmmShdr = NULL ; char *vmxShstrtab = NULL , *vmmShstrtab = NULL ; int indexVbios = - 1 , indexVmm = - 1 , indexZtext = - 1 , indexZrodata = - 1 ; unsigned char * sectionVbios = NULL , * sectionZtext = NULL , * sectionZrodata = NULL , * sectionVmm = NULL ; int getChoice ( void ) { int result ; char *s , input [ 16 ] ; fgets ( input , sizeof ( input ) , stdin ) ; s = strchr ( input , '
' ) ; if ( s ) *s = ' \0 ' ; result = atoi( input ) - 1 ; if ( result < 0 ) result = 0 ; return result ; } char vendor [ 8 ] , model [ 16 ] , revision [ 4 ] ; void initScsiDevice ( scsiDevice * device ) { int size ; memset ( &vendor [ 0 ] , ' ' , sizeof ( vendor ) ) ; size = strlen ( device -> vendor ) ; if ( size > sizeof ( vendor ) ) size = sizeof ( vendor ) ; memcpy ( &vendor [ 0 ] , device -> vendor , size ) ; memset ( &model[ 0 ] , ' ' , sizeof ( model ) ) ; size = strlen ( device -> model ) ; if ( size > sizeof ( model ) ) size = sizeof ( model ) ; memcpy ( & model [ 0 ] , device -> model , size ) ; memset ( &revision [ 0 ] , ' ' , sizeof ( revision ) ) ; size = strlen ( device -> revision ) ; if ( size > sizeof ( revision ) ) size = sizeof ( revision ) ; memcpy ( &revision [ 0 ] , device -> revision , size ) ; } void patchScsiDevices ( void ) { int i , number ; unsigned long int offset ; fprintf ( stdout , " Choose a new virtual SCSI hard drive from the following list :
" ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < sizeof ( scsiHDs ) / sizeof ( scsiDevice ) ; i++) fprintf ( stdout , " %3d. %s %s
" , i + 1 , scsiHDs[i].vendor , scsiHDs [ i].model ) ; fprintf ( stdout , "
Enter the number : " ) ; number = getChoice ( ) ; initScsiDevice ( &scsiHDs[ number ] ) ; offset = vmwareVersions[version].scsiHD.vendor ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 3 ] , &vendor [ 0 ] , 4 ) ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 10 ] , &vendor [ 4 ] , 4 ) ; offset = vmwareVersions[version].scsiHD.model ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 3 ] , & model[0 ] , 4 ) ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 10 ] , & model [ 4 ] , 4 ) ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 17 ] , & model [ 8 ] , 4 ) ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 24 ] , & model [ 12 ] , 4 ) ; offset = vmwareVersions[version].scsiHD.revision ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 3 ] , &revision [ 0 ] , 4 ) ; fprintf ( stdout , " Choose a new virtual SCSI CDROM drive from the following list :
" ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < sizeof ( scsiCDROMs ) / sizeof ( scsiDevice ) ; i++) fprintf ( stdout , " %3d. %s %s
" , i + 1 , scsiCDROMs[i].vendor , scsiCDROMs [ i].model ) ; fprintf ( stdout , "
Enter the number : " ) ; number = getChoice ( ) ; initScsiDevice ( &scsiCDROMs[ number ] ) ; offset = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.model ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 3 ] , & model[0 ] , 4 ) ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 10 ] , & model [ 4 ] , 4 ) ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 17 ] , & model [ 8 ] , 4 ) ; vmxBinary [ offset + 21 ] = ' \xe9 ' ; *( unsigned long int *)( &vmxBinary [ offset + 22 ] ) = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.nops[ 0 ] - ( offset + 26 ) ; offset = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.nops[0 ] ; vmxBinary [ offset ] = ' \xc7 ' ; vmxBinary [ offset + 1 ] = ' \x47 ' ; vmxBinary [ offset + 2 ] = ' \x1 c ' ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 3 ] , & model [ 12 ] , 4 ) ; vmxBinary [ offset + 7 ] = ' \xe9 ' ; *( unsigned long int *)( &vmxBinary [ offset + 8 ] ) = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.nops[ 1 ] - ( offset + 12 ) ; offset = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.nops[ 1 ] ; vmxBinary [ offset ] = ' \xc7 ' ; vmxBinary [ offset + 1 ] = ' \x47 ' ; vmxBinary [ offset + 2 ] = ' \x08 ' ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 3 ] , &vendor [ 0 ] , 4 ) ; vmxBinary [ offset + 7 ] = ' \xe9 ' ; *( unsigned long int *)( &vmxBinary [ offset + 8 ] ) = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.nops[ 2 ] - ( offset + 12 ) ; offset = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.nops[ 2 ] ; vmxBinary [ offset ] = ' \xc7 ' ; vmxBinary [ offset + 1 ] = ' \x47 ' ; vmxBinary [ offset + 2 ] = ' \x0 c ' ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 3 ] , &vendor [ 4 ] , 4 ) ; vmxBinary [ offset + 7 ] = ' \xe9 ' ; *( unsigned long int *)( &vmxBinary [ offset + 8 ] ) = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.nops[ 3 ] - ( offset + 12 ) ; offset = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.nops[ 3 ] ; vmxBinary [ offset ] = ' \xc7 ' ; vmxBinary [ offset + 1 ] = ' \x47 ' ; vmxBinary [ offset + 2 ] = ' \x20 ' ; memcpy ( &vmxBinary [ offset + 3 ] , &revision [ 0 ] , 4 ) ; vmxBinary [ offset + 7 ] = ' \xe9 ' ; *( unsigned long int *)( &vmxBinary [ offset + 8 ] ) = vmwareVersions[version].scsiCDROM.model + 28 - ( offset + 12 ) ; } int patchVideoAdapter ( void ) { int i , number , error = EXIT_FAILURE ; unsigned long int length , newLength ; unsigned char checksum , * data = NULL ; unsigned short int offset ; fprintf ( stdout , " Choose a new virtual video adapter from the following list :
" ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < sizeof ( videoAdapters ) / sizeof ( videoAdapter ) ; i++) fprintf ( stdout , " %3d. %s
" , i + 1 , videoAdapters [ i] .name ) ; fprintf ( stdout , "
Enter the number : " ) ; number = getChoice ( ) ; length = 48 * 1024 ; if ( ( data = malloc( length ) ) == NULL ) return error ; if ( uncompress ( data , &length , &vmxBinary[ vmxShdr[indexVbios ].sh_offset ] , vmxShdr[indexVbios].sh_size ) != Z_OK ) goto end ; if ( data [ 0 ] != 0x55 || dat a [ 1 ] !=
0 xaa ) goto end ; offset = *( unsigned short int *) ( &data [ 24 ] ) ; if ( memcmp ( &data [ offset ] , " PCIR " , 4 ) !=
0 ) goto end ; *( unsigned short int *)( &data [ offset + 4 ] ) = videoAdapters [ number ] .vendor ; *( unsigned short int *)( &data [ offset + 6 ] ) = videoAdapters [ number ] .
device ; for ( i = 0 , checksum = 0 ; i < length ; i++) if ( i != 6 ) checksum += data [ i ] ; dat a [ 6 ] = ( unsigned char ) ( - checksum ) ; newLength = 16 * 1024 ; if ( ( sectionVbios = malloc ( newLength ) ) == NULL ) goto end ; if ( compress2 ( sectionVbios , &newLength , data , length , Z_BEST_COMPRESSION ) != Z_OK ) goto end ; vmxShdr[indexVbios ].sh_size = newLength ; vmxShdr[indexVbios ].sh_entsize = length ; *( unsigned short int *)( &vmxBinary[ vmwareVersions[version].videoAdapter[0 ] ] ) = videoAdapters [ number ] .vendor ; *( unsigned short int *)( &vmxBinary[ vmwareVersions[version].videoAdapter [ 1 ] ] ) = videoAdapters [ number ] . device ; error = EXIT_SUCCESS ; end : free ( data ) ; return error ; } int patchIoBackdoor ( void ) { int error = EXIT_FAILURE ; unsigned long int length , newLength ; unsigned char * data = NULL ; length = 384 * 1024 ; if ( ( data = malloc ( length ) ) == NULL ) return error ; if ( uncompress ( data , &length , &vmmBinary[ vmmShdr[indexZtext ].sh_offset ] , vmmShdr[indexZtext].sh_size ) != Z_OK ) goto end ; *( unsigned long int *)( &data[vmwareVersions[version ].magicNumber ] ) = 0x48506f74 ; newLength = 192 * 1024 ; if ( ( sectionZtext = malloc ( newLength ) ) == NULL ) goto end ; if ( compress2 ( sectionZtext , &newLength , data , length , Z_BEST_COMPRESSION ) != Z_OK ) goto end ; vmmShdr[indexZtext ].sh_size = newLength ; vmmShdr[indexZtext ].sh_entsize = length ; error = EXIT_SUCCESS ; end : free ( data ) ; return error ; } int patchIdeDevices ( void ) { int i , number , size , error = EXIT_FAILURE ; unsigned long int length , newLength ; unsigned char * data = NULL ; length = 48 * 1024 ; if ( ( data = malloc ( length ) ) == NULL ) return error ; if ( uncompress ( data , &length , &vmmBinary[ vmmShdr[indexZrodata ].sh_offset ] , vmmShdr[indexZrodata].sh_size ) != Z_OK ) goto end ; fprintf ( stdout , " Choose a new virtual IDE hard drive from the following list :
" ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < sizeof ( ideHDs ) / sizeof ( char *) ; i++) fprintf ( stdout , " %3d. %s
" , i + 1 , ideHDs [i ] ) ; fprintf ( stdout , "
Enter the number : " ) ; number = getChoice ( ) ; memset( &data[vmwareVersions[version ].ideHD ] , ' ' , 31 ) ; size = strlen ( ideHDs [ number ] ) ; if ( size > 31 ) size = 31 ; memcpy ( &data[vmwareVersions[version ].ideHD ] , ideHDs[ number ] , size ) ; fprintf ( stdout , " Choose a new virtual IDE CDROM from the following list :
" ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < sizeof ( ideCDROMs ) / sizeof ( char *) ; i++) fprintf ( stdout , " %3d. %s
" , i + 1 , ideCDROMs [ i ] ) ; fprintf ( stdout , "
Enter the number : " ) ; number = getChoice ( ) ; memset( &data[vmwareVersions[version].ideCDROM ] , ' ' , 31 ) ; size = strlen ( ideCDROMs [ number ] ) ; if ( size > 31 ) size = 31 ; memcpy ( &data[vmwareVersions[version].ideCDROM ] , ideCDROMs [ number ] , size ) ; newLength = 16 * 1024 ; if ( ( sectionZrodata = malloc ( newLength ) ) == NULL ) goto end ; if ( compress2 ( sectionZrodata , &newLength , data , length , Z_BEST_COMPRESSION ) != Z_OK ) goto end ; vmmShdr[indexZrodata ].sh_size = newLength ; vmmShdr[indexZrodata ].sh_entsize = length ; error = EXIT_SUCCESS ; end : free ( data ) ; return error ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { FILE * file , * process ; char buffer [ 64 ] ; int i , error = EXIT_FAILURE ; unsigned long int fileSize , size ; unsigned char * newBinary = NULL ; if ( ( process = popen ( " /usr/bin/vmware - v " , " r " ) ) == NULL ) return error ; if ( fgets ( buffer , sizeof ( buffer ) , process ) == NULL ) return error ; if ( pclose ( process ) == - 1 ) return error ; for ( i = 0 ; i < sizeof ( vmwareVersions ) / sizeof ( vmwareVersion ) ; i++) if ( strncmp ( buffer , vmwareVersions [i].name , strlen( vmwareVersions [ i] .name ) ) == 0 ) version = i ; if ( version == - 1 ) return error ; if ( ( file = fopen ( " /usr/lib/vmware/bin/vmware-vmx " , " rb " ) ) == NULL ) return error ; fseek ( file , 0 , SEEK_END ) ; fileSize = ftell ( file ) ; if ( ( vmxBinary = malloc( fileSize ) ) == NULL ) goto end ; fseek ( file , 0 , SEEK_SET ) ; if ( fread ( vmxBinary , 1 , file Size , file ) != fileSize ) goto end ; vmxEhdr = ( Elf32_Ehdr *) ( &vmxBinary [ 0 ] ) ; vmxShdr = ( Elf32_Shdr *)( &vmxBinary[ vmxEhdr->e_shoff ] ) ; vmxShstrtab = & vmxBinary[ vmxShdr[vmxEhdr->e_shstrndx ].sh_offset ] ; for ( i = 1 ; i < vmxEhdr->e_shnum ; i++) { if (! strcmp(&vmxShstrtab[vmxShdr[i].sh_name ] , " .vbios " ) ) indexVbios = i ; else if ( !strcmp(&vmxShstrtab[vmxShdr[i].sh_name ] , " .vmm " ) ) indexVmm = i ; if ( indexVbios != - 1 && indexVmm != - 1 ) break ; } if ( i == vmxEhdr->e_shnum ) goto end ; patchScsiDevices ( ) ; if ( patchVideoAdapter ( ) != EXIT_SUCCESS ) goto end ; vmmBinary = & vmxBinary[ vmxShdr[indexVmm ].sh_offset ] ; vmmEhdr = ( Elf32_Ehdr *) ( &vmmBinary [ 0 ] ) ; vmmShdr = ( Elf32 _Shdr *)( &vmmBinary[ vmmEhdr->e_shoff ] ) ; vmmShstrtab = & vmmBinary[ vmmShdr[vmmEhdr->e_shstrndx ].sh_offset ] ; for ( i = 0 ; i < vmmEhdr->e_shnum ; i++) { if(!strcmp(&vmmShstrtab[vmmShdr[i].sh_name ] , " .ztext " ) ) indexZtext = i ; else if ( !strcmp(&vmmShstrtab[vmmShdr[i].sh_name ] , " .zrodata " ) ) indexZrodata = i ; if ( indexZtext != - 1 && indexZrodata != - 1 ) break ; } if ( i == vmmEhdr ->e_shnum ) goto end ; if ( patchIoBackdoor ( ) != EXIT_SUCCESS ) goto end ; if ( patchIdeDevices ( ) != EXIT_SUCCESS ) goto end ; if ( ( sectionVmm = malloc ( 256 * 1024 ) ) == NULL ) goto end ; memset ( sectionVmm , ' \0 ' , 256 * 1024 ) ; size = sizeof ( Elf32_Ehdr ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < vmmEhdr->e_shnum ; i++) { if ( strcmp( &vmmShstrtab[vmmShdr[i].sh_name ] , " .bss " ) ) { if ( i == indexZtext && sectionZtext ) memcpy ( §ion Vmm[ size ] , sectionZtext , vmmShdr[i ].sh_size ) ; else if ( i == indexZrodata && sectionZrodata ) memcpy ( §ion Vmm[size ] , sectionZrodata , vmmShdr[i].sh_size ) ; else memcpy ( §ion Vmm[size ] , &vmmBinary[ vmmShdr[i].sh_offset ] , vmmShdr[i].sh_size ) ; vmmShdr[i ] .sh_offset = size ; size += vmmShdr[ i ] . sh_size ; } } vmmEhdr->e_shoff = size ; memcpy ( §ion Vmm[ 0 ] , vmmEhdr , sizeof ( Elf32_Ehdr ) ) ; memcpy ( §ion Vmm[size ] , vmmShdr , vmmEhdr->e_shentsize * vmmEhdr->e_shnum ) ; size += vmmEhdr->e_shentsize * vmmEhdr->e_shnum ; vmxShdr[indexVmm ].sh_size = size ; if ( ( file = freopen ( " /usr/lib/vmware/bin/vmware-vmx " , " wb " , file ) ) == NULL ) goto end ; if ( ( newBinary = malloc ( 2560 * 1024 ) ) == NULL ) goto end ; memset ( newBinary , ' \0 ' , 2560 * 1024 ) ; i = ( indexVbios < indexVmm ) ?
indexVbios : indexVmm ; size = vmxShdr[i ].sh_offset ; memcpy ( &newBinary [ 0 ] , &vmxBinary [ 0 ] , size ) ; for ( ; i < vmxEhdr->e_shnum ; i++) { if ( i == indexVbios && sectionVbios ) memcpy ( &newBinary [ size ] , sectionVbios , vmxShdr[ i ].sh_size ) ; else if ( i == indexVmm && section Vmm ) memcpy ( &newBinary [ size ] , section Vmm , vmxShdr[i].sh_size ) ; else memcpy ( &newBinary [ size ] , &vmxBinary[ vmxShdr[i].sh_offset ] , vmxShdr[i].sh_size ) ; vmxShdr[i ] .
sh_offset = size ; size += ( (( vmxShdr[i ] .sh_size - 1 ) / vmxShdr[i].sh_addralign ) +
1 ) * vmxShdr[i ].sh_addralign ; } vmxEhdr ->e_shoff = size ; memcpy ( &newBinary [ 0 ] , vmxEhdr , sizeof ( Elf32_Ehdr ) ) ; memcpy ( &newBinary [ size ] , vmxShdr , vmxEhdr->e_shentsize * vmxEhdr->e_shnum ) ; size += vmxEhdr->e_shentsize * vmxEhdr->e_shnum ; fseek ( file , 0 , SEEK_SET ) ; if ( fwrite ( newBinary , 1 , size , file ) != size ) goto end ; error = EXIT_SUCCESS ; end : if ( newBinary ) free ( newBinary ) ; if ( sectionVmm ) free ( sectionVmm ) ; if ( sectionZrodata ) free ( sectionZrodata ) ; if ( sectionZtext ) free ( sectionZtext ) ; if ( sectionVbios ) free ( sectionVbios ) ; if ( vmxBinary ) free ( vmxBinary ) ; fclose ( file ) ; return error ; } By Date By Thread Current thread : Counter measures to VMware fingerprinting Kostya KORTCHINSKY ( Jan 12 ) < Possible follow - ups > RE : Counter measures to VMware fingerprinting Ryan .
Barnett ( Jan 12 )
Kostya KORTCHINSKY
( Jan 12 )
How much to tip seems to be a perennial question , and who to tip probably runs a close second .
While I normally stick with 15 - 20 % when tipping ( unless service was either abysmal or outstanding ) , the holidays seem to be a different story .
There are holiday tipping guides for every service provider out there , covering everyone from mail carriers ( who incidentally are not allowed to receive cash gifts ) to dog groomers .
But one thing that is often overlooked may be greatly appreciated in addition to any monetary tipping you may do : writing a heartfelt thank you note .
Detail exactly what you like about the person ’s service and why you appreciate them .
Do n’t just say something vague like “ Thanks for all you do , we appreciate it ! ” A comment like “ We love the way you always deliver the mail at the same time each day .
We appreciate it because we know exactly when to expect it ” is much more meaningful .
If the person you are tipping is employed , consider writing the thank you note to their supervisor instead , and copying them on it .
It could help bring a raise to their future .
If they are a small business owner , offer to act as a reference and give them a glowing review that they can use to bring in more business .
If nothing else , you ’ll have done something nice for someone else during a stressful time of year .
Umpires working Creighton ’s games have to dust off seldom - used rules regarding switch - pitchers .
Like everyone else , Venditte gets only eight warm - up pitches upon entering a game and five before any inning , whether he chooses to throw left - handed or right - handed , and may not warm up again if he changes arms midinning .
A switch - pitcher facing a switch - hitter could make a fine Abbott and Costello routine .
Against Nebraska last year , a switch - hitter came to the plate right - handed , prompting Venditte to switch to his right arm , which caused the batter to move to the left - hand batter ’s box , with Venditte switching his arm again .
Umpires ultimately restored order , applying the rule ( the same as that in the majors ) that a pitcher must declare which arm he will use before throwing his first pitch and cannot change before the at - bat ends .
“ Eventually , after 10 or 15 minutes , they got it figured out , ” Venditte said with a smile .
Venditte ’s customized Louisville Slugger glove is as distinctive as its owner : four fingers are flanked by two thumbs , perfectly symmetrical , so that he can slip it on either hand with ease .
It allows him to change throwing arms so seamlessly during warmups — one second No. 27 is throwing left - handed , the next right - handed — that many unaware fans and opponents do double - takes .
“ The first time you see him , it ’s definitely a distraction , ” said Northern Iowa shortstop Brandon Douglas , who struck out ( right - handed ) against Venditte last Friday .
“ On the bus ride to games people talk , ‘ You should see this guy .
It ’s pretty neat . ’ ”
Until teams actually face him , that is .
Creighton ’s coach , Ed Servais , initially resisted using Venditte both ways because , he said , “ I am a traditionalist when it comes to baseball , and I did n’t want it to become a circus . ”
But Venditte proved his ability last season , when he used both arms in 22 games and struck out batters each way in 12 of them .
Image Pat Vendittes name split a lineup card .
Credit ... Chris Machian for The New York Times
The Bluejays use Venditte as a long reliever so that he can be deployed at any point in any game .
In the Northern Iowa game last Friday , for example , Venditte quelled a third - inning rally and then , facing a lineup that alternated its lefty and righty hitters , calmly switched throwing arms 10 times in the next five innings and allowed no runs and only one single .
( Pitch limits are looser with Venditte because he shares the workload between his arms . )
Get Active
Subscribe
Support Us URL : http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v07/n545/a11.html
Newshawk : End Marijuana Prohibition http://www.mpp.org
Votes : 6
Pubdate : Wed , 02 May 2007
Source : AlterNet ( US Web )
Copyright : 2007 Independent Media Institute
Contact :
Website : http://www.alternet.org/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/1451
Author : Bruce Mirken
Note : Bruce Mirken is communications director for the Marijuana Policy Project .
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/mmj.htm
( Marijuana - Medicinal ) NEW STUDIES DESTROY THE LAST OBJECTION TO MEDICAL MARIJUANA
Anyone who advocates for medical marijuana sooner or later runs into arguments about smoking : " No real medicine is smoked . "
" Smoking is bad for the lungs ; why would any doctor recommend something so harmful ? "
It 's a line of reasoning that medical marijuana opponents have used to great effect in Congress , state legislatures , and elsewhere .
Indeed , the FDA 's controversial 2006 statement opposing medical marijuana was couched in repeated references to " smoked marijuana . "
But new research demonstrates that all those fears of " smoked marijuana " as medicine are 100 percent obsolete .
The smoking argument was the closest thing to a scientifically meaningful objection to medical marijuana .
While marijuana smoke , unlike tobacco , has never been shown to cause lung cancer , heavy marijuana smoking has been associated with assorted respiratory symptoms and a potentially increased risk of bronchitis .
That 's because burning any plant material produces a whole lot of substances such as tars , and carbon monoxide that are not good for the lungs .
Nevertheless , inhalation is clearly the best method for administering marijuana 's active components , called cannabinoids .
Cannabinoids such as THC are fat - soluble molecules that are absorbed slowly and unevenly when taken orally , as in the prescription THC pill Marinol .
This means that Marinol typically takes an hour to two hours to work , and dose adjustment is nearly impossible .
Patients often report that when it finally kicks in , it hits like a ton of bricks , leaving them too stoned to function .
For that reason , The Lancet Neurology noted a few years ago , " Smoking has been the route of choice for many cannabis users because it delivers a more rapid ' hit ' and allows more accurate dose titration . "
Because the effect is nearly instantaneous , patients can simply take as many puffs as they need , stopping when they 've achieved the needed effect without excessive intoxication .
So far , no pharmaceutical product -- not even Sativex , the much - touted marijuana spray now marketed in Canada -- achieves this combination of rapid action and simple , accurate dose adjustment .
Back in 1999 , the Institute of Medicine 's White House - commissioned report on medical marijuana conceded marijuana 's medical benefits , saying that what is needed is " a nonsmoked rapid - onset cannabinoid drug delivery system . "
The new studies -- one from the University of California , San Francisco , and the other from the University at Albany , State University of New York -- confirm that such a system is here .
It 's called vaporization , and has been familiar to medical marijuana patients for many years , but few outside the medical marijuana community know it exists .
Unlike smoking , a vaporizer does not burn the plant material , but heats it just to the point at which the THC and the other cannabinoids vaporize .
In the Volcano vaporizer tested at UCSF , the vapors are collected in a detachable plastic bag with a mouthpiece for inhalation .
The UCSF study , conducted by Dr. Donald Abrams and colleagues and just published online by the journal Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics ( to appear in the journal 's print edition on May ) compared a commercially available vaporizer called the Volcano to smoking in 18 volunteers .
The subjects inhaled three different strengths of marijuana either as smoked cigarettes or vaporized using the Volcano .
The researchers then measured the volunteers ' plasma THC levels and the amount of expired carbon monoxide , which is considered a reliable marker for the unwanted combustion products contained in smoke .
The two methods produced similar THC levels , with vaporization producing somewhat higher levels , and were judged equally efficient for administration of cannabinoids .
The big difference was in expired carbon monoxide .
As expected , there was a sharp increase in carbon monoxide levels after smoking , while " little if any " increase was detected after vaporization .
" This indicates little or no exposure to gaseous combustion toxins , " the researchers wrote .
" Vaporization of marijuana does not result in exposure to combustion gases , and therefore is expected to be much safer than smoking marijuana cigarettes . "
A second study , by Dr. Mitch Earleywine at the University at Albany , State University of New York , involved an Internet survey of nearly 7,000 marijuana users .
Participants were asked to identify their primary method of using marijuana ( joints , pipe , vaporizer , edibles , etc. ) and were asked six questions about respiratory symptoms .
After adjusting for variables such as age and cigarette use , vaporizer users were 60 percent less likely than smokers to report respiratory symptoms such as cough , chest tightness or phlegm .
The effect of vaporizer use was more pronounced the larger the amount of marijuana used .
" Our study clearly suggests that the respiratory effects of marijuana use can be decreased by use of a vaporizer , " Earleywine commented .
" In fact , because we only asked participants about their primary means of using marijuana , it 's likely that people who exclusively use vaporizers will get even more benefit than our results indicate , because no doubt some in our study used vaporizers most of the time but not all of the time . "
In a rational world , the government officials objecting to medical marijuana based on the health risks of smoking would greet this research with open arms .
They would join with groups like the Marijuana Policy Project in spreading the word about this important , health - enhancing technology .
Do n't hold your breath .
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
Dev(E)iate
This is my personal site , which used to have a blog of sorts and some other stuff .
It has fallen into disrepair more times that I can count , so it 's just a directory of other links to information about me or things I work on now .
Hopefully you were n't here for something else .
Crypto/Identity Stuff
Professional / Programming
Social Media
Blood , Bullets , Bombs , and Bandwidth :
a tale of two California cipherpunks who went to Baghdad to seek their fortune , and bring the Internet to Iraq .
click here to read Belorussian translation
and here to read Ukrainian translation
and here to read Russian translation
and here to read German translation
and here to read Dutch translation
Ryan Lackey wears body armor to business meetings .
He flies armed helicopters to client sites .
He has a cash flow problem : he is paid in hundred - dollar bills , sometimes shrink - wrapped bricks of them , and flowing this money into a bank is difficult .
He even calls some of his company 's transactions " drug deals " – but what Lackey sells is Internet access .
From his trailer on Logistics Staging Area Anaconda , a colossal US Army base fifty miles north of Baghdad , Lackey runs Blue Iraq , surely the most surreal ISP on the planet .
He is 26 years old .
Getting to Anaconda is no joke .
Incoming airplanes make a ' tactical descent ' landing , better known to military cognoscenti as the ' death spiral ' ; a nose - down plummet , followed by a viciously tight 360 - degree turn , then another stomach - wrenching dive .
The plane is dragged back to level only just in time to land , and brakes so hard that anything not strapped down goes flying forward .
Welcome to " Mortaritaville " – the airbase 's mordant nickname , thanks to the insurgent mortars that hit the base daily .
From above , the base looks like a child 's sandbox full of thousands of military toys .
Dozens of helicopters litter the runways : Apaches , Blackhawks , Chinooks .
F - 16 fighters and C - 17 cargo planes perch in huge igloo - like hangars built by Saddam .
The roads are full of Humvees and armored personnel carriers .
Rows of gunboats rest inexplicably on arid desert .
A specific Act of Congress is required to build a permanent building on any US military base , so Anaconda is full of tents the size of football fields , temporary only in name , that look like giant caterpillars .
Its 25,000 inhabitants , soldiers and civilian contractors like Ryan , are housed in tent cities and huge fields of trailers .
Ryan came to Iraq in July 2004 to work for ServiceSat International , hired sight unseen by their CTO Tyler Wagner .
Three months later , Ryan quit and founded Blue Iraq .
He left few friends behind .
" I think if Ryan had stayed , " Tyler says drily , " the staff would have sold him to the insurgents . "
- - -
Iraq is new to the Internet .
Thanks to sanctions and Saddam , ordinary citizens had no access until 1999 .
Prewar , there were a mere 1.1 million telephone lines in this nation of 26 million people , and fewer than 75 Net cafés , connecting via a censored satellite connection .
Then the American invasion knocked nearly half of Baghdad 's landlines out of service , and the local exchanges that survived could not connect to one another .
After the invasion , an army of contractors flooded into Baghdad .
Billions of reconstruction dollars were being handed out in cash , and everybody – local Internet cafés , Halliburton , Ahmed Chalabi , the US military itself – wanted Internet access .
With the landline service destroyed by war , and sabotage a continuing problem , satellite access was the only realistic option .
Among the companies vying to provide this access in early 2003 , scant months after the invasion , was ServiceSat International .
SSI , a startup founded by Kurdish expats , needed an American CTO : partly to import America 's culture of technical excellence , partly to help deal with Western clients and authorities .
They called Tyler Wagner .
He was 25 years old .
- - -
San Francisco , aka Baghdad - by - the - Bay , July 2003 .
Tyler Wagner is a typical counterculture California techie : a Cal Poly CS graduate , part of the California punk scene , working for Greenpeace as a network engineer .
Then an old friend in London recommends him to SSI .
They call him .
They need a capable Westerner willing to move to Iraq .
Is he interested ?
When he hangs up the phone , Tyler is shaking with excitement .
The risks of relocating to a war zone are obvious .
But it is a lucrative senior management position , offered to a man only two years out of university .
" Life does n't often offer you a hand up like that , " he reminisces two years later , " and when it does , you ca n't afford to turn it down . "
One big complication : Tyler 's girlfriend , Jayme .
They have been dating only six months .
He does n't want to lose her .
He calls and tells her the news – and they both ask at the same time if she can come with him .
Three weeks later , Tyler and Jayme fly into Amman , Jordan , and take a GMC Suburban taxi across the desert to Baghdad .
Once they reach the city , their driver tells them to get beneath window level , to avoid snipers .
They stay on the floor of the Suburban until they reach SSI 's office in Baghdad 's affluent al - Mansour neighbourhood .
- - -
Baghdad , August 2003 .
Tyler wakes in his house / office , rolls out of bed , walks into his office next door , and begins another fifteen - hour day .
The house is full of SSI - employed drivers , engineers , tea- boys , housekeepers , and Kurdish peshmerga guards armed with AK - 47s .
Generators and air conditioners whir .
Outside , the Iraqi summer heat regularly hits 130 .
Other than the bicultural Kurdish / British directors , Tyler is the company 's only Westerner .
He has to build SSI 's internal systems , manage the satellite installs , deal with Western clients , and train the team of Iraqi engineers , most of whom are older than he .
All the problems of a fast - growing start - up , plus massive culture shock – in a war zone .
Bombs and gunfire serenade them nightly .
Meanwhile , Jayme is going stir- crazy ; she has nothing to do , but can not leave the house .
The first few weeks are rough .
Things get better .
Tyler and Jayme adapt to their new lives .
If they want to buy Pop - Tarts or root beer , at the nearby shop that sells American delicacies at a 1000 % markup , they are driven there in a car full of gunmen .
This soon seems normal .
Jayme gets a job at Erinys , one of Baghdad 's many thriving private security companies .
They go to parties in the Green Zone with South African mercenaries , American diplomats , and KBR contractors .
Tyler learns new skills : how to install a VSAT satellite system from scratch ; how to open a beer bottle with the Browning pistol he carries ; how to distinguish between an AK - 47 and an M - 16 by sound alone ; how to use tampons as battle dressings ; the fine art of bribery .
Months pass .
Business booms .
SSI has plenty of competitors , but almost uniquely , they combine Western funding and technical expertise with a team of local engineers – a team who have become a band of brothers .
Tyler fosters a community atmosphere , encourages his engineers to stay after work , play Half - Life and Settlers of Catan together , or watch South Park en masse .
He attends their weddings , first as an honoured guest , then as a friend .
He hires a tutor to teach him Arabic , even though all business is done in English .
SSI has become half employer , half family .
Iraq is n't just his workplace ; it 's his new home .
Tyler visits monstrous palaces built by Saddam .
He meets native speakers of Aramaic , the language of Biblical times .
He travels to Kirkuk , in the north , and installs a satellite dish in an oilfield straight out of Dante 's Inferno , surrounded by massive pipes vomiting flame and bright green gas .
And he hacks US military security with a digital camera , a $ 2,000 card printer , and a little social engineering .
Baghdad is a occupied city of walls and roadblocks .
Most of SSI 's clients are guarded by the US military .
Many of them are US military .
There are two free passes through checkpoints and gates : white skin , or a Department of Defense ID card .
With neither , you line up for hours to be searched .
Tyler is tired of his engineers losing days at checkpoints .
He constructs SSI 's secret weapon : an internal corporate ID that happens to look very much like a DoD card , right down to an empty smart card , a bar code , and a magnetic - strip - like line of black ink across the back .
And for months , his engineers are regularly waved past inspection points by US soldiers .
But the insurgency intensifies ; security grows tighter , particularly after the Sadr City revolt and the assault on Fallujah ; and the US military starts denying SSI 's engineers access to military bases .
What 's more , most Western clients wo n't take Iraqis seriously , and sales have grown beyond Tyler 's capacity .
They need another Westerner .
SSI briefly hires a friend of Tyler 's , but Baghdad is too much for him .
One day , Tyler mentions on his blog that he needs a technically skilled Westerner who can handle an extreme environment .
Among his readers is Ryan Lackey .
- - -
San Luis Obispo , July 2004 .
Late one night , Ryan stops his car here , in Tyler 's hometown , opens his laptop , connects it to Sprint 's network , and caps their months - long email and instant - messaging conversation with an brief IM : he 'll take the job .
Ryan is viscerally aware of the risks .
He went to high school with Nicholas Berg , the American network engineer beheaded by insurgents only two months earlier .
He is led to Iraq by what he calls the " dark calculus " of risk arbitrage ; in his judgement , while the perceived risk of working in Iraq has caused prices to rocket , it is still possible to operate without much personal risk .
And Ryan is used to intense environments .
He dropped out of MIT at age 19 to work at a startup in Anguilla .
Two years later he moved to Sealand , an offshore oil rig that claimed independent sovereignty , and cofounded a data haven theoretically beyond the reach of any nation 's laws .
Ryan is a libertarian cipherpunk , gun aficionado , and free - market purist : the notion of Iraq as the new Wild West , untrammeled by laws and regulations , appeals to him greatly .
By the time he arrives in Baghdad , SSI has outgrown their first house and moved to a walled compound .
By now the company numbers about eighty , including a dozen engineers .
Ryan moves in .
He sells to Western clients , and increasingly is sent with teams of engineers to American military bases ; he has no ID whatsoever , but his passport and American accent always gets them through the gate .
But Ryan is n't adopted into the SSI family .
He oozes ambition and technical skill , but he is n't a people person .
Laconic , iconoclastic , brilliant and contemptuous of anyone who is not , he wants to make money , build systems , and grow the business , not train Iraqi engineers or build a community .
He is impressed by what Tyler has done , calling him , " probably the best Westerner who 's ever managed Iraqis , " but he has no interest in doing the same .
He does not fit in .
Meanwhile , the insurgency gets steadily worse .
Mohammed , one of Tyler 's engineers , receives a death threat signed in blood for allegedly working with the Americans .
Two other employees are carjacked by an organized ring of car thieves , and SSI has to pay thousands to get their vehicle back .
Then Mohammed is kidnapped by insurgents while driving back from LSA Anaconda .
Incredibly , Mohammed manages to beat his guard to death with his own AK - 47 , escape , hitch a ride back to SSI , and stagger shaking and bloody back into the office – just in time for the insurgents , who do n't know their captive has escaped , to call and demand his ransom .
August 2004 .
Tyler and Jayme are married in an Iraqi Catholic ceremony attended by all of SSI .
The subsequent party features copious celebratory gunfire .
Shortly afterwards , they travel back to the USA for a month - long vacation .
Ryan is meant to step into Tyler 's shoes while he 's away .
One month later , when Tyler and Jayme return , Baghdad is locked down .
It is n't safe to go to the Green Zone .
It is n't safe to go to the shop around the corner .
They are effectively under house arrest , with direct orders from SSI not to leave the compound for any reason short of an emergency .
- - -
September 2004 .
As the sun sets , Ryan drives back to Baghdad from a job on LSA Anaconda , with two SSI engineers – and no guards .
They have to stop for gas on a stretch of road that the US military seems unable to secure , famous for mujahedeen attacks .
The gas station is a concrete hut next to a pump .
The power is out .
Ryan waits , knowing that if any passerby calls his location in to the insurgents , they will be there in minutes .
Power eventually returns , the car is refuelled , they continue on – and reach a roadblock with no American supervision , which Ryan believes is a false checkpoint run by insurgents .
He huddles in the back of the car , clutching his Browning pistol , ready to try to shoot his way out rather than be taken hostage .
They are waved through without inspection .
Then the engineers decide to get food , meaning they stop on a busy Baghdad street and wait in the open for 15 nervewracking minutes .
Not long after this experience , Ryan spends a day flying around Iraq in an air ambulance helicopter , installing satellite dishes at five different locations .
When they return to Anaconda , the Marine Corps captain who accompanied him offers him a tent to stay in , indefinitely , in exchange for technical support .
The US military is rife with these unofficial exchanges of services , widely known as " drug deals " ; agreements which , while technically against regulations , bypass the months and reams of paperwork that would be necessary to do them officially .
Ryan spends two months living in this tent .
He barely sees the SSI compound again .
- - -
October 2004 .
Tyler and Jayme reluctantly accept that they can no longer safely stay in Baghdad .
They move north to Arbil , in relatively free and safe Kurdistan .
The departure is wrenching .
They are leaving friendships forged by the searing intensity of a year 's mutual struggle , and they do n't know when , if ever , they might return .
Weeks later , insurgents bomb the al - Jazeera headquarters in Baghdad , and Hassan , one of SSI 's engineers , the man who chauffered Tyler and Jayme on their wedding day , is killed in the blast .
Tyler is devastated .
His team , his family , has been struck by tragedy , and he can't be there for them .
In November , Ryan officially leaves SSI .
According to Ryan , " It was clear , with the security situation , that there was no way we could continue to operate in the way we were operating . "
He says , since he was living on Anaconda rather than at SSI , and doing satellite installs rather than sales , while being paid on commission , there was no point in continuing as an employee .
Tyler says Ryan alienated the staff , treated the Iraqi engineers badly , and was about to be fired when he left .
One thing everyone agrees on is that his exit was for the best .
With Ryan gone , and Tyler in Arbil , SSI is effectively shut out of the military market .
Despite a theoretical " buy Iraqi " policy , it is impossible to get Iraqi engineers onto bases .
Ryan finds himself living on an American military base , with a few important contacts , a lot of technical knowhow , a large prepaid contract that eliminated any need for startup funding – and a technical advantage over every competitor .
- - -
If you want to call Ryan Lackey in his trailer in Iraq today , you dial a Virginia phone number .
The 703 area code just means that it 's Virginia where the sound of your voice is packetized into VOIP and shipped via fiber to London , where Blue Iraq 's teleport operator is located .
This company pops your voice packets off the Internet , encodes them for satellite transmission , and beams them as 14 GHz radio waves from a five - metre dish to a Greek satellite .
The signal bounces down to Ryan 's own 1.2 - metre iDirect dish , on a table weighed down with sandbags just behind his trailer .
The iDirect system , robust enough to handle Iraq 's extreme heat , dust , and wind , converts the signal back to IP packets and outputs them via Ethernet to Ryan 's VOIP phone .
If you talk to Ryan , the conversation will be scratchy , and you 'll be aware of a half - second delay , but the amazing thing is that you can talk to him at all .
iDirect , the latest generation of VSAT technology , can be difficult to set up , which is why his competitors use older Hughes or Tachyon technology , but it is the first that can manage usable VOIP .
When you compare the price Ryan charges – circa $ 1,000 per month for 1 megabit download and 384 kilobit upload , plus 1 - 5 cents per minute for prioritized VOIP traffic , for a dish generally shared by 20 - 30 people – to the dollars - per - minute price of an analog satellite telephone , it 's easy to see where Blue Iraq 's customers come from .
At its peak , SSI had nearly a hundred employees .
Blue Iraq has three , and almost no overhead .
They pay no rent for their trailer on Anaconda .
They eat for free at military dining facilities , which on Anaconda serve good food prepared by a horde of Halliburton - managed " TCNs " – Third Country Nationals , mostly Filipino and Sri Lankan .
That does n't mean business is easy .
The technical problems are trivial ; the logistical problems are crippling .
Ryan has to to buy hardware remotely , have it shipped to Anaconda , and then get it to the customer .
His clients are official military facilities , private DoD contractors , or units of troops who have all chipped in to pay for their own Internet access .
If , as is often the case , they are stationed at one of Iraq 's dozens of other American military bases , he flies there on a Blackhawk .
- - -
To book space on a Blackhawk from LSA Anaconda , you flash your DoD ID card and sign up at the space - available tent .
There are daily shuttle flights to and from most of the scores of US military bases in Iraq .
At your appointed hour , a minibus takes you out to the flight line , where dozens of aircraft await .
Inside the helicopter , there is n't quite enough room to stand .
The door gunners sit on padded seats behind the cockpit .
Machine guns are mounted on flexible arms in the open windows before them .
Everything is painted black .
Behind the door gunners are three forward - facing seats ; behind them , two facing five - seat benches .
The seats are canvas and metal pipe .
The safety buckle is circular , with apertures for the belt and two shoulder straps ; to release , you twist its propellor - shaped top .
Earplugs are distributed .
The aircrew slide shut the windowed side doors and power up the engine .
The rotors start to turn .
They are like fifteen - foot knife blades with the sharp edge away from the rotation direction , the last foot or so bent back about thirty degrees , forming a vaguely swastika shape .
Taxi out onto the runway , and up you go , as if in an elevator , in sync with the other Blackhawk next to you – they almost always travel in buddy - system pairs .
The ground falls away .
But not too far .
Blackhawks fly about 100 feet above the ground , at circa 200 miles per hour .
The area outside Anaconda is much greener , a patchwork of farming fields fissured with canals and pocked with clusters of palm trees .
Then villages , big L - shaped concrete blocks and crude brick buildings with thatch / mud roofs .
Roads , smooth and modern , well - trafficked .
Herds of goats flee from the helicopter noise .
Lots of people wave ; some keep their arms lowered and stare ; some just ignore the noise .
There are wide muddy rivers , vast barren brown patches , more roads , towns , farmland .
At night , you can see street lights in the larger towns , fluorescent tubes mounted on hockey - stick - shaped poles .
The door gunners occasionally drop stuffed animals from their windows , part of a hearts - and - minds initiative .
It 's a remarkably smooth ride .
The whole aircraft vibrates , but it's a soothing white - noise vibration rather than anything jarring .
The journey is exhilirating , landscape zooming past and disappearing under you , like a dream of flying .
As commutes go , it can't be beat .
But Blackhawk flights are risky .
Passengers are required to wear helmets and body armor .
There are a few Forward Operating Bases that space - a flights do not go to ; Ryan has to ride to them on convoys , which is even riskier .
Then , when the dish is installed and functional , after the paperwork is finally processed and Blue Iraq is paid , Ryan has to hitch a ride to Dubai on cargo planes with unpredictable schedules , and physically carry a large wad of cash into his bank .
Business as usual , it 's not .
But it suits Ryan .
He does n't plan to ever move back to the USA , except possibly to finish his MIT degree .
He is full of ambitions .
He wants to build a mobile phone network for Anaconda .
If Iraq stabilizes , he would like to build its first ATM network .
If not , Blue Iraq has plenty of room for expansion , into Afghanistan and , as he says with a bleak grin , " other markets that the US military opens up for us . "
He doubts those markets will be saturated any time soon .
- - -
Tyler and Jayme left Iraq in May 2005 .
The Arbil office failed ; there was n't enough business in Kurdistan .
They moved to London , where Tyler still works for SSI .
His time in Iraq has transformed him to the extent that , like Ryan , he does n't think he can ever move back to the USA .
His years of living hyperintensely , carrying a gun , building an organization from scratch in a war zone , have distanced him from his home .
His friends seem to him to have stagnated .
Their concerns seem trivial .
And living with real , known , tangible danger has bred contempt for what he calls America 's " culture of fear . "
- - -
One of the few things Ryan and Tyler agree on is their scorn for America 's attempt to secure and rebuild Iraq .
Tyler rages that the US military " could n't bother to protect " the road between Baghdad and Anaconda , or even the four - kilometre stretch between Baghdad International and the Green Zone .
And he found that when most other Americans dealt with Iraqis , " they were very insulting , they were often very condescending , and in many cases I felt that they treated them like subhumans . "
Both of them lament the sorry state of the electrical system .
" Not having power was probably the single biggest problem that created animosity among Iraqis , " Ryan says .
" The US tried to rebuild it in the Western industrialized - country model .
The way Iraqis install a power system is , they put a bunch of small generators on neighbourhood blocks , with power cables running to everyone 's house , and just sell them access directly .
And it 's easy to have a market - driven pricing mechanism .
But the US solution was to give large US companies business here …
If they'd had electricity working within a month or two of the invasion , there probably would n't have been near as much violence . "
Iraqis desperately want to work .
" You do n't see people begging for money .
You see people selling gas for money , selling cigarettes by the side of the road , " Ryan says .
Tyler agrees : " I interviewed a lot of people , and I never met one that was n't so painfully eager it almost hurt to turn them away . "
But their economy remains paralyzed .
" The best way to deal with terrorism in the long run is to fix the underlying conditions that create terrorism , " Ryan says .
" It 's difficult to fix their ideology , but it 's easy to fix their infrastructure .
But the US has done a bad job …
It 's like a feedback loop .
They got on the wrong side of the feedback loop . "
Iraqi frustration breeds insurgents ; insurgent violence cripples reconstruction efforts ; and the resulting lack of power , communications , finances , and jobs breeds more frustration .
In the face of this feedback loop , American forces have withdrawn into heavily guarded enclaves .
SSI 's modern , globalized , best - of - both - worlds strategy , bringing Americans and Iraqis together to help rebuild the shattered country , has faltered .
Blue Iraq 's neo-colonial approach , living and working exclusively on military bases , continues to thrive .
The seeds Tyler has helped to plant – a team of crack engineers still erecting dishes around the country – may someday help drag Iraq into the 21st century , one satellite link at a time .
But not until the rain of insurgent bombs and bullets has ended .
And neither Ryan nor Tyler expects that to happen for years .
Update , July 2007 : I went to Iraq in May 2005 and wrote the above article a month later .
A spin -off piece , Wiring the War Zone , was published in Wired magazine in September 2005 .
Since then , not much has changed , except that the last couple of sentences have been proved prophetic .
ServiceSat International has been renamed Iraqsat , and remains a major player in the Iraqi VSAT market .
Tyler now works in London for Talia , running the network that supplies the connectivity that Iraqsat resells .
Ryan 's company Blue Iraq is now based in Dubai , but still does work in Iraq , and last I heard was also expanding to Afghanistan .
Jon Evans , rezendi.com
Former Georgia Congressman , and former Republican , Bob Barr writes in today ’s Washington Times that the the emerging Republican position on immigration is another indication of it ’s descent into big government statism :
When word surfaced recently that some banks , such as Bank of America , were allowing individuals to open accounts , apply for credit cards and obtain home mortgages even though they did not possess a Social Security number , it was not Big Government Liberals who rose up in arms to stop “ greedy ” financial institutions from offering such services .
It was Small Government Republicans , like Colorado ’s Tom Tancredo and Californians Ed Royce and John Doolittle , who waxed indignant that banks engaged in such a free market activity as extending credit to someone who proved creditworthy but did not have a Social Security number .
The reason for this strange behavior by otherwise conservative Republicans ?
Illegal immigration .
From fear that allowing banks to continue engaging in commercial transactions such as extending credit to persons without Social Security numbers encourages illegal immigration , conservative Republicans have introduced legislation prohibiting financial institutions from extending mortgages to anyone who cannot establish their bona fides by producing a valid Social Security number .
Some apparently go so far as to consider prohibiting banks from even issuing credit cards to such individuals .
Thus is being writ another chapter in the long and unfortunate march of the Republican Party to the pinnacle of Big Government ; a march that figured prominently in the party ’s 2006 electoral losses but which continues seemingly unabated in the new , 110th Congress .
As Barr points out , the same logic that Tancredo and his associates are applying to their call to prohibit banks from freely entering into contracts with their customers can be applied in any number of situations :
Â Where , for example , will the mandates they seek — forcing businesses to determine if a person is in this country lawfully before extending credit or selling a product for which that person is otherwise eligible — be next applied ?
Will a bill be introduced that prohibits automobile dealers from selling a motor vehicle to anyone who cannot produce a valid Social Security card ?
Will landlords be forced to rent their property only to those who possess a Social Security card ?
Would it not make just as much sense for these advocates to require presentation of a Social Security card prior to bedding down for the night at a local Marriott ?
Â Â Â Moreover , this same philosophy could be just as consistently applied were Congress to prohibit banks from facilitating other “ criminal behavior . ”
Why not , for example , prohibit banks from extending credit to persons who might be in violation of other laws , such as the multifaceted antidrug laws in this country , or whose behavior runs counter to sex - related laws still on the books ?
Or — and this might hit too close to home to be championed by lawmakers — should not the federal government move to stop individuals who violate federal campaign laws from obtaining credit ; because , after all , doing so simply encourages further unlawful behavior ?
The answer to that question , of course , is who knows .
As demonstrated by the proposals put forward by Tancredo and his supporters , and by the manner in which the leadership and the White House governed in the period from 2001 - 2006 , it is fairly clear that the era of the GOP as a party of small government is , if not over , seriously in danger of coming to an end .
JRuby
By R. Mark Volkmann , OCI Partner
April 2007
Introduction
This article provides an introduction to JRuby , an implementation of Ruby on the Java Virtual Machine ( JVM ) .
Ruby Overview
Ahh Ruby ...
If you did n't already have at least a small interest in Ruby you probably would n't be reading this article .
What 's so interesting about Ruby ?
Well the people in the know tell us that Ruby is special because ...
it 's object - oriented
it 's dynamically - typed , supporting " duck typing "
it has a compact , yet easy to read syntax
it features blocks that are closures
classes and objects are open , which means that methods can be added
it 's the language of the Rails web app framework
" Standard " Ruby is supported by an interpreter that is implemented in C .
There is no compiler .
Optimization is minimal , leaving Ruby somewhat slower than Python on average .
Some of Ruby 's libraries are implemented in Ruby and some in C .
No formal language specification exists .
There is ongoing work to create a new VM for Ruby that will deliver improved performance .
In fact two such efforts are underway .
One is " Yet Another Ruby VM " ( YARV ) .
This will be the basis of Ruby 2.0 , which may still be over a year away from release .
Another is Rubinus which is modeled after Smalltalk VMs .
This article assumes basic knowledge of Ruby syntax .
If you need to refresh your memory or learn it for the first time , see http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Ruby_Programming/Syntax.
JRuby Overview
JRuby is Ruby on the JVM .
It is a Ruby interpreter written entirely in Java .
JRuby allows using Java capabilities with Ruby syntax .
It also allows using Ruby libraries from Java .
Many programming languages have been implemented on the JVM .
The list includes BeanShell , Bex ( BeanShell variant ) , Groovy , Jaskell ( Haskell ) , Jawk ( AWK ) , JudoScript , Jython ( Python ) , JRuby ( Ruby ) , Pnuts , Quercus ( PHP ) , Rhino ( JavaScript ) , SISC ( Scheme ) , Sleep ( Perl / Objective - C ) , Jacl ( TCL ) and more .
A full list is available at http://scripting.java.net/.
JRuby supports all Ruby syntax and built - in libraries .
It supports most of the Ruby standard libraries .
Those implemented in Ruby were easy to retain .
Those implemented in C had to be ported to Java .
Only the most frequently used of those libraries have been ported so far .
Many popular Ruby libraries work under JRuby today .
These include Active Record ( with JDBC ) , DRb , Rake ( Ruby 's answer to Make and Java 's Ant ) , Rails , RSpec ( behavior - driven development ) and RubyGems .
JRuby is currently significantly slower than standard Ruby .
Most code takes two to three times as long to run .
For more information , see http://headius.blogspot.com/2006/08/nibbling-away-at-performance.html and http://antoniocangiano.com/articles/2007/02/19/ruby-implementations-shootout-ruby-vs-yarv-vs-jruby-vs-gardens-point-ruby-net-vs-rubinius-vs-cardinal.
Initial efforts on the JRuby project have centered on these activities .
creating a formal specification for the language and libraries ( see http://www.rubyspec.org/)
creating a larger library of tests
improving compatibility with standard Ruby
getting Rails to run under JRuby
passing existing Rails unit tests
improving performance of the interpreter
writing a Ruby to Java bytecode compiler ( initial results are about twice as fast as C - based Ruby interpreter )
The 1.0 release of JRuby is expected in May 2007 , in time for announcement at the JavaOne conference .
After that , the team will continue improving the interpreter and compiler .
A mixed mode is expected where some code is compiled and some is interpreted .
This is due to the highly dynamic nature of the Ruby language .
Other Ruby Implementations
There is interest in alternate Ruby implementations outside of Java .
Three separate efforts to create Ruby implementations that run under .NET have started .
Gardens Point Ruby .NET
Compiler - http://www.plas.fit.qut.edu.au/rubynet
a Ruby compiler implemented in C# , funded by Microsoft and developed at the Queensland University of Technology in Australia
a Ruby compiler implemented in C# , funded by Microsoft and developed at the Queensland University of Technology in Australia IronRuby - http://www.wilcob.com/Wilco/IronRuby.aspx
a Ruby interpreter similar to IronPython , implemented in C #
a Ruby interpreter similar to IronPython , implemented in C# RubyCLR - http://www.rubyclr.com
a Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) bridge for Ruby
JRuby History
Stephen Matthias
Aust ported the Ruby grammar from the C - based Ruby interpreter to Jay , a Java - based parser which is still used by JRuby .
Jan Arne Petersen started JRuby project in 2001 , building on the work by Aust .
Thomas Enebo began work on JRuby in late 2002 and became the project lead in late 2003 .
Charles Nutter began work on JRuby in 2004 .
Sun Microsystems hired Nutter and Enebo to develop JRuby full - time in September , 2006 .
This was at least partially motivated by Tim Bray at Sun who is a major advocate of dynamic languages .
Sun is committed to keeping JRuby open source and will provide more Ruby development tools such as support in NetBeans .
Ola Bini became a committer in October , 2006 .
Nick Sieger became a committer in January , 2007 .
Reasons To Use JRuby
There are three primary motivations for using JRuby .
Use Java Libraries ( for example , Swing ) from code written in Ruby syntax .
Use Ruby libraries ( for example , ActiveRecord ) from code written in Java syntax using either the Bean Scripting Framework ( BSF ) or the JSR 223 Scripting API
Get a faster implementation of Ruby ( not yet faster , but likely will be soon ) .
What JRuby Offers That Ruby Doesn't
JRuby classes can inherit from Java classes and implement Java interfaces .
They can even add methods to existing Java classes .
These methods are visible from JRuby , but not Java .
We 'll discuss this in more detail later .
Running on the JVM provides many benefits .
As mentioned earlier , this allows Java libraries to be used from Ruby syntax .
It also provides features Java enjoys such as use of native threads , Unicode support ( surprisingly weak in Ruby ) , and portability to any platform with a JVM ( which is most platforms ) .
The fact that JRuby runs on the JVM can make it easier to " sneak " it into environments where installing the Ruby interpreter would n't be allowed .
It only requires an additional JAR file .
Current Limitations
JRuby classes currently can only implement one Java interface , but this restriction will be removed soon .
Java classes can't inherit from a JRuby class .
As stated earlier , most code takes two to three times as long to run with JRuby as it does with standard Ruby .
Currently there is no debugger that works with JRuby , however , Sun is adding integrated Java / JRuby debugging to NetBeans .
Tool Support
Many IDEs support Ruby including Eclipse ( using the RDT plugin or RadRails ) , IntelliJ IDEA 6.0 , and NetBeans ( in work ) .
Many editors offer Ruby support such as syntax highlighting .
Examples include emacs , jEdit , TextMate and Vim. Spring 2 , an IOC framework and more , supports " beans " implemented in Java , JRuby , Groovy and BeanShell .
SuperConsole is a graphical interactive console , similar to Ruby 's IRB .
It is available in three forms : executable JAR , Java Web Start and a Mac OS X application .
It supports class and method name completion using the tab key .
When there is more than one match , a popup list of choices is displayed .
It can be downloaded from http://www.jruby.org.
Installing JRuby
To install JRuby , download a binary release from http://www.jruby.org.
Unzip / untar the downloaded archive , set the JRUBY_HOME environment variable to point to resulting directory , and add $ JRUBY_HOME / bin to the PATH environment variable .
To checkout the latest version from the trunk of the Subversion respository , run the following command .
svn co http://svn.codehaus.org/jruby/trunk/jruby
To build this , ensure that Java and Ant are installed , and run " ant " .
Using JRuby From Commandline
To run a JRuby script from the commandline , run jruby {script - name} .
The suggested file suffix is . jrb when using JRuby extensions and .rb otherwise .
This runs the class org . jruby .
Main which is in $ JRUBY_HOME/lib/jruby.jar .
Here 's an example from a file named hello.rb .
name = ARGV [ 0 ] || " you " puts " Hello #{name} ! "
When this is run with jruby hello.rb , it outputs " Hello you ! " .
When run with jruby hello.rb Mark , it outputs " Hello Mark ! " .
Using Java Classes in JRuby
JRuby scripts must contain the following line in order to use Java classes .
require " java "
There are five options for referring to Java classes from JRuby .
1. Provide full class name when using .
frame = javax .
swing .
JFrame . new ( " My Title " )
2. Assign full class name to a constant .
JFrame = javax .
swing .
JFrame frame = JFrame . new ( " My Title " )
3 . Use include_class .
include_class " javax.swing.JFrame " frame = JFrame .
new ( " My Title " )
4 . Use include_class with an alias .
This is useful when the name of a Java class matches the name of a Ruby class .
include_class ( " java.lang . String " ) do | pkg_name , class_name | " J#{class_name} " end msg = JString .
new ( " My Message " )
5 . Use include_package to scope Java classes in a Ruby module namespace .
This can only be used inside a module and has performance issues .
module Swing include_package " javax.swing " end frame =
Swing :: JFrame . new ( " My Title " )
Proxy Classes
JRuby creates proxy classes for Java classes .
This allows methods to be added just like in Ruby .
In the example below , the method first is added to the Java ArrayList class and the method last is added to a specific object from that class .
require " java " include_class " java.util.ArrayList " list = ArrayList . new % w ( Red Green Blue ) . each { | color | list .
add ( color ) } # Add " first " method to proxy of Java ArrayList class .
class ArrayList def first self .
size == 0 ? nil : self .
get ( 0 ) end end puts " first item is # {list .
first} " # Add " last " method only to the list object ... a singleton method .
def list .
last self .
size == 0 ? nil : self .
get ( self .
size - 1 ) end puts " last item is # {list.last} "
The output from this code is
first item is Red last item is Blue
Method Calling Details
As in Ruby , parentheses are n't required when calling methods .
foo. bar( ) is the same as foo. bar and foo. bar ( baz ) is the same as foo. bar baz .
Java get / set / is methods can be invoked like Ruby accessors .
value = foo.getBar( ) is the same as value = foo.bar , foo.setBar( value ) is the same as foo. bar = value and foo.isBar ( ) is the same as foo. bar ? .
If an attempt is made to invoke the method bar without a receiver ( no object reference and dot preceding it ) , it will be interpreted as a reference to a local variable .
To have it interpreted as a method call , use self .
bar .
Java methods with camel - cased names can be invoked using the Ruby underscore convention as shown in the example below .
Underscore versions of methods get added to JRuby proxy classes .
require " java " url = java .
net .
URL . new ( " http://www.ociweb.com " ) puts url .
to_external_form # method name is toExternalForm puts url .
to_uri # method name is toURI
Automatic Conversions
JRuby automatically converts between certain Java and Ruby data types .
Some of these conversions are shown in the table below .
Ruby Type Java Type Boolean boolean , java.lang .Boolean Fixnum byte , java.lang .
Byte ,
short , java.lang .
Short ,
int , java.lang .
Integer Float float , java.lang .
Float ,
double , java.lang .
Double String char , java.lang .
String Array java.util .
List Hash java.util.Map
Ruby Methods Added to Core Java Classes
JRuby adds many methods to core Java classes .
The java.lang String class and the java.lang type wrapper classes get the " spaceship " operator ( used to compare values ) and all methods in the Ruby Comparable module which are defined in terms of the spaceship operator ( < , <= , == , => , > , and between ? ) .
Many methods are added to the java.util collection classes .
The Collection interface which is the base interface of List and Set gets each ( iterator ) , << ( append ) , + ( add another collection ) , - ( remove another collection ) , and all the methods in Ruby 's Enumerable module ( these include all ? , any ? , collect , each_with_index , find , find_all , grep , max , min , sort , sort_by , etc. ) .
The List interface gets [ ] , [ ] = , sort and sort !
The Map interface gets each , [ ] and [ ]= .
Here is an example of using the java.util .
ArrayList in JRuby - style .
require " java " list = java .
util .
ArrayList .
new list << " Mark " #
Since everything in Ruby is an object , # numbers and booleans can be added to Java collections .
list << 19 list << true list .
each { | element | puts element } # " each " method added to ArrayList #
The following line invokes the Java ArrayList#toString method # instead of the Ruby Array #to_s method .
puts list
The output from this code is
Mark 19 true [ Mark , 19 , true ]
JRuby Inheriting From Java Classes
JRuby classes can inherit from Java classes .
Let 's look at an example .
Here 's a Java class named Car .
package com.ociweb.demo ; public class Car { private String make ; private String model ; private int year ; public Car ( ) { } public Car ( String make , String model , int year ) { this .
make = make ; this .
model = model ; this .
year = year ; } public String getMake ( ) { return make ; } public String getModel ( ) { return model ; } public int getYear ( ) { return year ; } public void setMake ( String make ) { this .
make = make ; } public void setModel ( String model ) { this .
model = model ; } public void setYear ( int year ) { this .
year = year ; } public String toString ( ) { return year + " " + make + " " + model ; } }
Here 's a Ruby class named RaceCar that inherits from the Java Car class , along with some code that exercises both the Java and Ruby classes .
require " java " Car = com. ociweb .
demo .
Car c = Car. new ( " Honda " , " Prelude " , 1997 ) puts c class RaceCar < Car attr_accessor : top_speed def initialize ( make= nil , model= nil , year=
0 , top_speed= 0 ) super ( make , model , year ) @top_speed = top_speed end def to_s " #{super} can go # {@top_speed} MPH " end end c = RaceCar. new ( " Ferrari " , " F430 " , 2005 , 196 ) puts c c = RaceCar. new ( " Porche " , " 917 " ) c. year = 1971 c. top_speed = 248 puts c
The output from this code is
1997 Honda Prelude 2005 Ferrari F430 can go 196 MPH 1971 Porche 917 can go 248 MPH
Using Swing From JRuby
Swing is the de facto standard library for building GUI applications in Java .
SWT is an alternative to consider .
Using JRuby to implement these types of applications can dramatically reduce the amount of typing required .
It can even change the way the code is written .
For example , would n't it be nice if the code to be executed when a button is clicked could be specified when the button is created ?
That is n't supported by Swing , but here 's how JRuby can extend Swing to allow it and build the GUI below .
require " java " BorderLayout = java .
awt .
BorderLayout JButton = javax .
swing .
JButton JFrame = javax .
swing .
JFrame JLabel = javax .
swing .
JLabel JOptionPane = javax .
swing .
JOptionPane JPanel = javax .
swing .
JPanel JText
Field = javax .
swing .
JTextField # A BlockActionListener is an ActionListener whose constructor takes a Ruby block .
#
It holds the block and invokes it when actionPerformed is called .
class BlockActionListener < java .
awt .
event .
ActionListener # super call is needed for now - see JRUBY - 66 in JIRA def initialize ( & block ) ; super ; @block = block ; end def actionPerformed ( e ) ; @block .
call ( e ) ; end end #
Extend the Swing JButton class with a new constructor that takes the button text # and a Ruby block to be invoked when the button is pressed .
class JButton def initialize ( name , & block ) super ( name ) addActionListener ( BlockActionListener .
new ( & block ) ) end end #
Define a class that represents the JFrame implementation of the GUI .
class HelloFrame < JFrame def initialize super ( " Hello Swing ! " ) populate pack self .
resizable = false self .
defaultCloseOperation = JFrame :: EXIT_ON_CLOSE
end def populate name_panel = JPanel. new name_panel .
add JLabel. new ( " Name : " ) name_field = JText Field . new ( 20 ) name_panel .
add name_field button_panel = JPanel . new #
Note how a block is passed to the JButton constructor .
greet_button = JButton .
new ( " Greet " ) do name = name_field .
text # Demonstrate display of HTML in a dialog box .
msg = % ( < html >
Hello < span style= " color:red " > #{name} </ span >!</html >) JOptionPane .
showMessageDialog self , msg end button_panel .
add greet_button #
Note how a block is passed to the JButton constructor .
clear_button = JButton .
new ( " Clear " ) { name_field .
text = " " } button_panel .
add clear_button contentPane .
add name_panel , BorderLayout : : CENTER contentPane . add button_panel , BorderLayout : : SOUTH end end # of HelloFrame class HelloFrame .
new .
visible = true
Another approach to using Swing from JRuby is the builder approach .
See the JRBuilder library at http://www2.webng.com/bdortch/jrbuilder/.
Gems Under JRuby
Gems are the preferred mechanism for packaging , distributing and installing Ruby libraries and applications .
JRuby provides scripts in its bin directory for working with gems .
For example , to install the ActiveRecord gem , run the following command .
$ JRUBY_HOME / bin/gem install activerecord -y
The -y options specifies that any gems on which activerecord depends should also be installed .
Currently , generating rdoc and ri documention from JRuby is slow .
To avoid this when installing gems , include the - - no - rdoc and -- no - ri options .
To use gems with JRuby , the following system properties must be set , perhaps in an Ant build file .
jruby.base=$JRUBY_HOME
jruby.home=$JRUBY_HOME
jruby.lib=$JRUBY_HOME/lib jruby.script={jruby for Unix variants , jruby .
bat for Windows} jruby.shell={/bin/sh for Unix variants , cmd.exe for Windows}
In addition , the Ruby " load path " must be set by adding the following values to the $ : global array .
$ JRUBY_HOME/lib $ JRUBY_HOME/lib/ruby/site_ruby/1.8 $ JRUBY_HOME/lib/ruby/site_ruby/1.8/java
$ JRUBY_HOME/lib/ruby/site_ruby
$ JRUBY_HOME/lib/ruby/1.8 $ JRUBY_HOME/lib/ruby/1.8/java lib/ruby/1.8
We 'll see an example using the ActiveRecord gem later .
Bean Scripting Framework ( BSF )
BSF is a Java library that allows Java code to evaluate code written in various scripting languages .
It also allows scripting language code to access Java objects and invoke Java methods .
BSF engines exist for many scripting languages including Groovy , Javascript ( Rhino ) , Python ( Jython ) , Ruby ( JRuby ) , JudoScript , NetRexx , ooRexx , ObjectScript , PROLOG ( JLog ) , Tcl ( Jacl ) and XSLT ( Xalan and Xerces ) .
The main class in BSF is BSFManager and the key methods in that class are :
registerScriptingEngine - makes an engine available for use
- makes an engine available for use exec - executes script code
- executes script code eval - executes script code and returns its value
- executes script code and returns its value registerBean - adds an object to the object registry
- adds an object to the object registry lookupBean - gets an object from the object registry
- gets an object from the object registry declareBean - creates an object in a scripting language global variable that wo n't be retrieved with LookupBean
Here are the steps to use BSF with JRuby .
1 . Add the following JARs found in the JRuby lib directory to the classpath :
bsf.jar
jruby.jar
jvyaml.jar - a Java YAML parser and emitter
2. Consider increasing the maximum amount of memory available to the JVM , perhaps to 256 MB , by specifying the option - Xmx256 m .
3. Register the JRuby engine with the following code .
String language = " ruby " ; String engineName = " org.jruby.javasupport.bsf.JRubyEngine " ; String [ ] extensions = { " rb " } ; BSFManager .
registerScriptingEngine ( language , engineName , extensions ) ;
4. Create a BSFManager with the following code .
BSFManager manager = new BSFManager ( ) ;
5 . Optionally make Java objects accessible in the scripting language .
There are two ways to do this .
In the first option , register a bean in Java code and look it up in the scripting language .
For example ,
manager .
registerBean ( " frame " , a Frame ) ; // in Java frame = $ bsf .
lookupBean ( " frame " ) # in JRuby
In the second option , declare a bean in Java code and access it through a global variable in the scripting language .
For example ,
manager .
declareBean ( " frame " , aFrame , JFrame .
class ) ;
The global variable frame ( $ frame in JRuby ) is now available in the scripting language .
6. Execute JRuby code from Java .
There are two ways to do this .
If a return value is n't needed , use the exec method as shown below .
manager .
exec ( " ruby " , " java " , 1 , 1 , " $ frame.setTitle ( ' My Title ' ) " ) ;
If a return value is needed , use the eval method as shown below .
# Get a List of the squares of the integers from 1 to 5 .
String scriptCode = " ( 1..5 ) .collect { |e| e**2 } " ; List < Long > squares = ( List < Long > ) manager .
eval ( " ruby " , " java " , 1 , 1 , scriptCode ) ; #
Print them .
for ( long square : squares ) { System . out .
println ( square ) ; }
The " 1 , 1 " parameters are line and column numbers that provide context information .
They must not be very useful because every example I 've seen just sets them to 1 , 1 !
Java Using ActiveRecord
ActiveRecord is a Ruby library for accessing relational databases .
It can be used from Java through JRuby .
To do so , install the ActiveRecord gem as shown earlier .
Under Java 5 and earlier , access it using BSF .
Under Java 6 and later , use JSR 223 Scripting API ( discussed later ) .
We 'll focus on BSF here .
The classes BSFHelper and JRubyHelper were written to make this easier .
They can be obtained from links on https://objectcomputing.com/mark/programming/ActiveRecord.html.
The example code below queries a MySQL database to find all the recordings from the year 2003 in a music collection .
The first step is to establish a database connection and describe relationships between the database tables to be used .
This is done in the following Ruby source file named models.rb .
ActiveRecord uses pluralization rules to find tables from Ruby class names .
The Artist class corresponds to a table named " artists " .
The Recording class corresponds to a table named " recordings " .
ActiveRecord discovers the columns of each table by examining the database schema .
Each table has an integer primary key named " id " .
The " recording " table has a foreign key named " artist_id " that refers to the " id " of the artist that made the recording .
The relationships described in code state quite explictly that an artist has many recordings and a recording belongs to an artist .
The methods in the Artist and Recording classes are only provided to aid in sorting .
The amazing thing about ActiveRecord is that it takes more text to explain what is happening than is needed in the code that does the work !
require " rubygems " require " active_record " ActiveRecord : : Base ::establish_connection ( : adapter => " mysql " , :host => " localhost " , : database => " music " , : user => " someuser " , : password => " somepassword " ) class Artist < ActiveRecord :: Base has_many : recording #
Sort based on artist name .
def < => ( other ) ; name < => other .
name ; end end class Recording < ActiveRecord :: Base belongs_to : artist #
Sort based on recording name .
def < => ( other ) ; name < => other .
name ; end end
The next step is to write the Ruby code that finds the desired data .
This is done in the following Ruby source file named 2003recordings.jrb .
It places the data in a Java ArrayList that is in the global variable $ recordings .
The Recording objects returned will have an association to the corresponding Artist object which is also returned .
require " models " # $ recordings is a Java ArrayList that is created in Query .
java # and declared as a BSF bean .
#
This code populates it with Ruby Recoding objects .
Recording . find_all_by_year ( 2003 ) . sort .
each do | r | $ recordings << r end
The last step is to write the Java code that invokes the previous Ruby code .
This is done in the following Java source file named Query .
java .
package com.ociweb.activerecord ; import com.ociweb.bsf.BSFHelper ; import com.ociweb.jruby.JRubyHelper ; import java.util .* ; import org.apache.bsf.BSFException ; import org.jruby .* ; public class Query { private BSFHelper bsf = new BSFHelper ( ) ; private JRubyHelper helper = new JRubyHelper ( ) ; public static void main ( String [ ] args ) throws Exception { new Query ( ) ; } private Query ( ) throws BSFException , java . io .
IOException { //
Pass a Java object into Ruby code which will populate it .
System .
out .
println ( " 2003 Recordings " ) ; List recordings = new ArrayList ( ) ; bsf. declareBean ( " recordings " , recordings ) ; bsf. evalFile ( " 2003recordings.jrb " ) ; //
Retrieve data that Ruby populated into recordings .
Iterator iter = recordings .
iterator ( ) ; while ( iter .
hasNext ( ) ) { RubyObject recording = ( RubyObject ) iter . next ( ) ; //
The attributes of Recording are id , name , year and artist_id .
String recordingName = ( String ) helper .
getAttribute ( recording , " name " ) ; //
Get the Artist object associated with this Recording object .
//
What is the intermediate object here ?
RubyObject artist = helper .
callMethod ( recording , " artist " ) ; artist = ( RubyObject ) artist .
getInstanceVariable ( " @target " ) ; String artistName = ( String ) helper .
getAttribute ( artist , " name " ) ; System . out .
println ( " " + recordingName + " by " + artistName ) ; } } }
JSR 223 : Scripting for the Java Platform
JSR 223 improves on BSF .
It 's a standard part of Java 6 .
Here are the steps to use it with JRuby .
Install Java 6 . Install JRuby .
Download scripting engines from http://scripting.dev.java.net.
See the " Documents & files " link in the left nav .
Download either jsr223-engines.tar.gz or jsr223-engines.zip which contains all the available scripting engines .
The engine for a particular scripting language can't currently be downloaded independently .
Untar or unzip the downloaded file to obtain jruby - engine . jar .
Add jruby .jar and jruby - engine . jar to the classpath .
Use the ScriptEngine eval method to evaluate scripting language code .
It takes a String of script code or a Reader .
To read from a file in the file system , use new BufferedReader ( new FileReader ( path ) ) .
To read from a file in the classpath , use new InputStreamReader ( ClassLoader.getSystemResourceAsStream( path ) ) .
The eval method returns the return value of the script , if any .
Here 's a simple example .
import javax.script .* ; public class JSR223 Demo { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) throws ScriptException { ScriptEngineManager manager = new ScriptEngineManager ( ) ; ScriptEngine engine = manager .
getEngineByName ( " jruby " ) ; engine .
eval ( " puts " Hello World ! " " ) ; } }
To invoke functions and methods in the scripting language , follow these steps .
1. Load the script that defines the functions to be invoked using the ScriptEngine eval method as shown above .
2. Cast ScriptEngine to Invocable .
Invocable invocable = ( Invocable ) scriptEngine ;
3 . Optionally specify data to be made available to the scripting language through global variables .
Note that this does n't work in JRuby 0.98 and earlier .
invocable .put ( name , value ) ;
4. Invoke a Ruby function or method .
Object returnValue = invocable .
invokeFunction ( functionName [ , params ] ) ; Object returnValue = invocable .
invokeMethod ( object , functionName [ , params ] ) ;
object is a script object returned by a previous invocation .
The parameters can be any type .
Let 's see this in action .
First we 'll write Ruby code in a file named demo.rb that defines a Calculator class .
This class has two methods that calculate an average .
The first takes three numeric values .
The second takes a variable number of numeric values .
The function getCalculator , not defined inside the class , returns a Ruby Calculator object .
class Calculator def average_of_3 ( n1 , n2 , n3 ) ( n1 + n2 + n3 ) / 3.0 end def average ( * array ) sum = 0 array .
each { | n | sum + = n } sum. to_f / array . size end end def getCalculator Calculator .
new end
Here 's the Java code that uses the Ruby code .
Note how it first invokes getCalculator to obtain a reference to a Calculator object .
It then passes that object to invokeMethod along with the name of the method to invoke and the parameters to pass to it .
import java.io.* ; import javax.script .* ; public class Demo { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) throws IOException , NoSuchMethodException , ScriptException { ScriptEngineManager manager = new ScriptEngineManager ( ) ; ScriptEngine engine = manager .
getEngineByName ( " jruby " ) ; engine .
eval ( new BufferedReader ( new FileReader ( " src/demo.rb " ) ) ) ;
Invocable invocable = ( Invocable ) engine ; Object calculator = invocable .
invokeFunction ( " getCalculator " ) ; double average = ( Double ) invocable .
invokeMethod ( calculator , " average_of_3 " , 1 , 4 , 5 ) ; System .
out .
println ( " average = " + average ) ; average = ( Double ) invocable .
invokeMethod ( calculator , " average " , 1 , 4 , 5 ) ; System .
out .
println ( " average = " + average ) ; } }
The output from this code is
average = 3.3333333333333335 average = 3.3333333333333335
Summary
The future looks bright for JRuby , but there are still hurdles to be cleared .
Performance improvements are needed and the number of outstanding bugs is still fairly high .
For a list of these , see http://jira.codehaus.org/browse/JRUBY.
Optimism is high that within a year JRuby will be faster than standard Ruby .
If this happens , JRuby could become the preferred platform for running Rails applications ... make that ALL Ruby applications .
If you 're interested in JRuby and have cycles to spare , jump in and help the team resolve bugs and improve performance !
References
AMNESTY
International used to be an impartial and apolitical outfit , focused on the single burning issue of political prisoners .
Your correspondent remembers its admirable letter - writing campaigns during the cold war on behalf of Soviet prisoners of conscience such as Jüri Kukk , an Estonian chemistry professor .
He died in jail 25 years ago with the hope — then not widely shared — that his country 's foreign occupation would eventually end .
It did .
Since regaining independence in 1991 Estonia has become the reform star of the post - communist world .
Its booming economy , law - based state and robust democracy are all the more impressive given their starting point : a country struggling with the huge forced migration of the Soviet era .
The collapse of the evil empire left Estonia with hundreds of thousands of resentful , stranded ex-colonists , citizens of a country that no longer existed .
Some countries might have deported them .
That was the remedy adopted in much of eastern Europe after the second world war .
Germans and Hungarians — regardless of their citizenship or politics — were sent “ home ” in conditions of great brutality .
Instead , Estonia , like Latvia next door , decided to give these uninvited guests a free choice .
They could go back to Russia .
They could stay but adopt Russian citizenship .
They could take local citizenship ( assuming they were prepared to learn the language ) .
Or they could stay on as non-citizens , able to work but not to vote .
Put like that , it may sound fair .
But initially it prompted howls of protest against “ discrimination ” , not only from Russia but from Western human - rights bodies .
The Estonians did n't flinch .
A “ zero option ” — giving citizenship to all comers — would be a disaster , they argued , ending any chance of restoring the Estonian language in public life , and of recreating a strong , confident national identity .
They were right .
More than 100,000 of the Soviet - era migrants have learnt Estonian and gained citizenship .
In 1992 , 32 % of the population had no citizenship .
Now the figure is 10 % .
In 1990 , before the final Soviet collapse , your correspondent tried to buy postage stamps in Tallinn using halting Estonian .
The clerk replied brusquely , in Russian , “ govorite po chelovecheski ” ( speak a human language ) .
That was real discrimination .
Estonians were unable to use their own language in their capital city .
Now that 's changed too .
Reasonable people can disagree about the details of the language law , about the right level of subsidies for language courses , and about the rules for gaining citizenship .
Nowhere 's perfect .
But Estonia 's system is visibly working .
It is extraordinarily hard to term it a burning issue for an international human - rights organisation .
Yet that is what Amnesty International has tried to make of it .
It has produced a lengthy report , “ Linguistic minorities in Estonia : Discrimination must end ” , demanding radical changes in Estonia 's laws on both language and citizenship .
Amnesty 's report echoes Kremlin propaganda in a way that Estonians find sinister and offensive
The report is puzzling for several reasons .
It is a bad piece of work , ahistorical and unbalanced .
It echoes Kremlin propaganda in a way that Estonians find sinister and offensive .
But most puzzling of all , it is a bizarre use of Amnesty 's limited resources .
Just a short drive from Estonia , in Belarus and in Russia , there are real human rights abuses , including two classic Amnesty themes : misuse of psychiatry against dissidents , and multiple prisoners of conscience .
Yet the coverage of these issues on the Amnesty website is feeble , dated , or non-existent .
Amnesty seems to have become just another left - wing pressure group , banging on about globalisation , the arms trade , Israel and domestic violence .
Regardless of the merits of their views — which look pretty stale and predictable — it seems odd to move to what is already a crowded corner of the political spectrum .
To save Jüri Kukk and other inmates of the gulag , people of all political views and none joined Amnesty 's campaigns .
That would n't happen now .
If we let a n be
a n = ( 41/24 ) ( n - 1 ) ( n - 2 ) ( n - 3 ) ( n - 4 ) + 1
then we have
a 1 = 1
a 2 = 1
a 3 = 1
a 4 = 1
a 5 = 42
Therefore the next number might as well be 42 .
The same trick can be pulled off with any given integer sequence .
In fact , it can be any number you like .
This is not particularly hard to prove .
If we have been given a sequence of numbers
a 1 , a 2 , a 3 , a 4
and we wish to find the value of a 5 , then we are effectively being asked to find the the function f ( n ) such that
f ( 1 ) = a 1
f ( 2 ) = a 2
f ( 3 ) = a 3
f ( 4 ) = a 4
and then to evaluate f ( 5 ) .
Now , as we all know , if we are given any two points we can find a straight line through them .
Given any three points we can find a parabola
f ( x ) = b 2 x 2 + b 1 x + b 0
through them .
Correspondingly , given any n points on a graph , we can find a polynomial of degree n - 1 :
f ( x ) = b 0 + b 1 x + ... + b n - 1 x n -
1
which will go through of all of them .
( Well , you can't if two points are directly above each other , but this is obviously impossible in this case . )
This is called Lagrange interpolation .
So suppose we know
f ( 1 ) = a 1
f ( 2 ) = a 2
...
f ( n - 1 ) = a n - 1
and we want a n to be 42 .
To find f ( x ) , we have to solve the set of simultaneous equations ;
f ( 1 ) = b 0 + b 1 + ... + b n - 1 = a 1
f ( 2 ) = b 0 + 2 b 1 + ... + 2 n - 1 b n - 1 = a 2
...
f ( n ) = b 0 + n b 1 + ... + n n - 1 b n - 1 = a n = 42
We have n equations with n unknowns ( being the b k ) .
The solution will yield a polynomial f ( x ) which satisfies our simultaneous equations and additionally has f ( n ) = a n , for any given a n .
So for any integer sequence , you can arbitrarily pick your own next number and find a polynomial that proves you correct .
This is a very pedantic point to make , but you have to be a pedant to be a mathematician , because making unjustified assumptions while answering questions can be catastrophic .
However , often the answer in questions like these is either fairly obvious or easy to find , so while this technique is an entertaining party trick ( if one is at a particularly dull party ) , it 's usually quicker to just find the next integer by traditional methods .
A new understanding of how plants manage their internal calcium levels could lead to modifying plants to avoid damage from acid rain .
The pollutant disrupts calcium balance in plants by leaching significant amounts of the mineral from leaves as well as the agricultural and forest soils the plants live in .
" Our findings should help scientists understand how plant ecosystems respond to soil calcium depletion and to design appropriate strategies to protect the environment , " said Zhen - Ming Pei , a Duke University biologist who led the study , which is published in the journal Science . "
The research was supported by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the U.S. Department of Agriculture and Xiamen University in China .
To grow , a plant needs a reliable supply of calcium , which enters the plant dissolved in water the roots take in from surrounding soil .
As the water circulates through a plant , dissolved calcium gets shuttled where it is needed to give the plant 's cells their structural rigidity .
But calcium supplies coming into the plant cycle up and down over the course of the day , dropping to a minimum at night .
" Calcium is a key regulator of vital physiological functions in both plants and animals , " said Maryanna Henkart , director of NSF 's Division of Molecular and Cellular Biosciences .
" The discovery of the relationship between calcium in soil , in plant cells , and cellular mechanisms sheds new light on the role of this important mineral in plant growth and development . "
Plants use molecular sensors and flows of chemical messengers to detect and regulate the storage and distribution of vital nutrients such as water and calcium .
To track the calcium sensors in the laboratory plant Arabidopsis , Pei and his coworkers used molecules originally found in jellyfish that emit light in the presence of calcium .
To deduce the calcium sensor 's role , the researchers also introduced an altered version of the sensor protein that abolishes the sensor 's effects .
According to Pei , the sensors try to detect how much calcium there is and coordinate that level with growth and development .
" If the sensors detect there is not enough calcium , they may tell the plant to hold off on growing , at least until it gets more calcium . "
Although acid rain robs soil of much of its calcium , enough is still left for plants to live on , Pei added .
But he suspects that sensors may misinterpret " less " as " too little " in those plants and unnecessarily signal for growth shutdowns .
" Some soils have lost as much as 75 percent of their calcium during the past century , " Pei said .
" One way to respond is to add new calcium to the soil .
But we can't do that everywhere that it 's needed , and it is also expensive .
Perhaps a plant 's calcium sensors could instead be tricked into interpreting " less " as " still enough " and keep building new cell walls . "
The Agonist :
Business
Week writes about how private companies such as Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley and Carlysle Group are buying up private infrastructure such as key roads , airports and bridges ( Golden Gate for $ 3.4 billion and Brooklyn Bridge for $ 3.5 billion , for example .
Cities supposedly think this is a great idea because they get money they can spend on other things .
I do n't understand why this is even considered .
You do n't put basic infrastructure like this in private hands , because it allows monopoly pricing .
They will squeeze the most money out of it they can , and that will be the majority of the surplus value produced by the roads .
Since they will set the cost to maximize profits , it will be above what a proportion of the population and a proportion of businesses can afford ( check a supply / demand curve to see what I mean - you get a lot more use at price = 0 , and you get a lot more money if you price a lot of people out of the market ) .
What this will mean is that a lot of businesses will go under ( or never be created ) , a lot of people wo n't travel even short distances ( which will strangle businesses that need those travellers , price certain people out of certain jobs ) and will in general reduce economic activity .
However much money any government gets in the short term , it will lose more from reduced taxes due to reduced economic activity and reduced economic growth in the long term .
( ie . it is n't just people who use the roads / airports / bridges who lose )
And odds are , you 'll eventually have to either regulate these things to keep prices reasonable ( at which point the companies will start shorting on maintainance ) or you 'll have to buy them back at a huge markup .
Mr. Rumsfeld has also failed in terms of operations in Iraq .
He rejected the so - called Powell Doctrine of overwhelming force and sent just enough tech - enhanced troops to complete what we called Phase III of the war -- ground combat against the uniformed Iraqis .
He ignored competent advisers like Gen. Anthony Zinni and others who predicted that the Iraqi Army and security forces might melt away after the state apparatus self - destructed , leading to chaos .
It is all too clear that General Shinseki was right : several hundred thousand men would have made a big difference then , as we began Phase IV , or country reconstruction .
There was never a question that we would make quick work of the Iraqi Army .
The true professional always looks to the " What 's next ? " phase .
Unfortunately , the supreme commander , Gen. Tommy Franks , either did n't heed that rule or succumbed to Secretary Rumsfeld 's bullying .
We wo n't know which until some bright historian writes the true story of Mr. Rumsfeld and the generals he took to war , an Iraq version of the Vietnam War classic " Dereliction of Duty " by H. R. McMaster .
Last , you do n't expect a secretary of defense to be criticized for tactical ineptness .
Normally , tactics are the domain of the soldier on the ground .
But in this case we all felt what L. Paul Bremer , the former viceroy in Iraq , has called the " 8,000 - mile screwdriver " reaching from the Pentagon .
Commanders in the field had their discretionary financing for things like rebuilding hospitals and providing police uniforms randomly cut ; money to pay Iraqi construction firms to build barracks was withheld ; contracts we made for purchasing military equipment for the new Iraqi Army were rewritten back in Washington .
Donald Rumsfeld demands more than loyalty .
He wants fealty .
And he has hired men who give it .
Consider the new secretary of the Army , Francis Harvey , who when faced with the compelling need to increase the service 's size has refused to do so .
He is instead relying on the shell game of hiring civilians to do jobs that had previously been done by soldiers , and thus keeping the force strength static on paper .
This tactic may help for a bit , but it will likely fall apart in the next budget cycle , with those positions swiftly eliminated .
So , what to do ?
First , President Bush should accept the offer to resign that Mr. Rumsfeld says he has tendered more than once , and hire a man who will listen to and support the magnificent soldiers on the ground .
Perhaps a proven Democrat like Senator Joseph Lieberman could repair fissures that have arisen both between parties and between uniformed men and the Pentagon big shots .
More vital in the longer term , Congress must assert itself .
Too much power has shifted to the executive branch , not just in terms of waging war but also in planning the military of the future .
Congress should remember it still has the power of the purse ; it should call our generals , colonels , captains and sergeants to testify frequently , so that their opinions and needs are known to the men they lead .
Then when they are asked if they have enough troops -- and no soldier has ever had enough of anything , more is always better -- the reply is public .
THEY may not wield battle - axes or wear horned helmets like their Viking forebears , but today ’s Swedish pirates are still wreaking some pretty heavy - duty havoc .
The Pirate Bay file - sharing collective , one of the world ’s largest facilitators of illegal downloading , is only the most visible member of a burgeoning international anti-copyright — or pro-piracy — movement that is striking terror in the heart of an industry that seems ever less capable of stopping it .
When the Pirate Bay ’s Stockholm headquarters were raided last May and their servers seized , the Motion Picture Assn. of America thought it had scored a major victory .
“ Swedish Authorities Sink Pirate Bay , ” trumpeted its news release .
( As has since been pointed out , this is a mixed metaphor . )
But the rejoicing did n’t last long .
The site was back online three days later , and worse yet for Hollywood , the raid and several mass protests afterward generated so much sympathy for the pro-file sharing cause that both candidates for prime minister announced publicly that they did not think young file - sharers should be treated as criminals .
Sweden ’s state - registered Pirate Party also benefited from the raid ’s fallout .
Its membership has now grown to almost 9,000 , closing in on the nation ’s Green Party ( 9,550 ) , which holds 19 seats in Parliament .
But the renegades back at the Pirate Bay do n’t care for politics .
They are , after all , pirates .
The group ’s website is a database of 500,000 copied movies , TV shows , songs , games and software titles .
Instead of pointing you directly to a downloadable song or movie — like Napster used to — the Pirate Bay provides a kind of digital treasure map .
The map , called a torrent file , points your computer toward all the little fragments of the booty that are hidden around the Internet .
Feed the torrent file to your downloading software , wait a couple of hours , and ta-da !
You now have a shiny new copy of “ The Bourne Supremacy . ”
Also , you have become a criminal .
Well , join the club .
The Pirate Bay alone claims more than 5 million active users .
According to Internet traffic ranker Alexa.com , it ’s the 292nd most popular site in the world .
( Netflix is 382 ; the U.S. Postal Service is 385 ; Wal - Mart is 391 . )
Some estimates say that file sharing accounts for 80 % of the Internet traffic generated by home users .
Last year , the MPAA released the results of a study it had commissioned to gauge the effects of illegal copying .
In 2005 , the report said , the worldwide motion picture industry lost more than $ 7 billion as a result of Internet piracy .
This number was widely quoted as evidence of piracy ’s economic harm .
Even Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa jumped in .
“ It ’s not just Hollywood that is affected , ” he said in December .
“ It ’s not the big stars .
It is the people behind the scenes and small mom-and - pop video stores and hometown theaters . ”
( The MPAA used remarkably similar language in a statement for this article : “ It ’s not just Hollywood that feels the impact ; piracy hurts Mom and Pop video stores , hometown theatres everyone involved in making and distributing movies . ” )
However , critics have been skeptical .
As Timothy B. Lee , an adjunct scholar at the Cato Institute , points out , the report was just a summary , not the study itself , meaning neither its results nor its methodology can be independently verified .
Lee is not surprised by the MPAA ’s decision to keep the details of the study away from public scrutiny .
“ What they ’re interested in is having a big number for the headlines , ” he said .
Could be .
But if so , who can blame them ?
For a decade , the industry has shut down one file - sharing service after another , each bigger , faster and harder to dismantle than the last .
“ The technology will always be one step ahead , ” said Peter Sunde , the Pirate Bay ’s head software designer .
The Pirate Bay “ is not going to be needed in a couple of years — there will be better systems .
Everything is going to evolve .
It ’s just getting easier and easier to connect . ”
Sunde also spoke about the Pirate Bay ’s upcoming project to design its own next generation file - sharing technology , one of its goals being to make every transaction completely untraceable .
The project will be open source , meaning programmers from all over the world will be able to contribute .
The Pirate Bay has built its reputation on taunting big entertainment and scoffing at copyright law .
One of its claims to fame is its online gallery of legal threats , each of which is appended with a less - than - polite riposte from the pirates .
One reply to DreamWorks ’ legal team read , “ It is the opinion of us and our lawyers that you are morons , and that you should go ” — etc .
But the Pirate Bay does have a more adult side .
Its guiding principle is that the current copyright system is outmoded .
“ The culture is growing from using file sharing , ” Sunde said .
“ A basic human feeling is the need for new ideas and new concepts .
We need to be influenced . ”
Nor are the pirates so base as to be against paying artists for their work .
In fact , the group ’s next venture is a music sharing site called Playble.com , where users will have the option of paying whatever monthly subscription fee they can afford .
Every time a user downloads a song , the artist gets a portion of his fee .
Sunde says he approached a major record company — he would n’t say which — about a partnership .
An executive did not take kindly to the offer , and , according to Sunde , accused the Pirate Bay of perpetrating a disturbingly Viking - like act on the executive ’s livelihood and family .
Hint :
He did n’t say “ pillage . ”
david.sarno@latimes.com
First published Wed Jun 28 , 2006 ; substantive revision Wed Jul 31 , 2019
As such , Zen maintains a stance of “ not one ” and “ not two , ” that is “ a positionless position , ” where “ not two ” means negating the dualistic stance that divides the whole into two parts , while “ not one ” means negating the nondualistic stance occurring when the Zen practitioner dwells in the whole as one , while suspending judgment in meditation .
The free , bilateral movement between “ not one ” and “ not two ” characterizes Zen ’s achievement of a personhood with a third perspective that cannot , however , be confined to either dualism or non-dualism , neither “ not one ” nor “ not two ” .
Generally speaking , Zen cherishes simplicity and straightforwardness in grasping reality and acting on it “ here and now , ” for it believes that a thing - event that is immediately presencing before one ’s eyes or under one ’s foot is no other than an expression of suchness .
In other words the thing - event is disclosing its primordial mode of being such that it is as it is .
It also understands a specificity of the thing - event to be a recapitulation of the whole ; parts and the whole are to be lived in an inseparable relationship through an exercise of nondiscriminatory wisdom , without prioritizing the visible over the invisible , the explicit over the implicit , or vice versa .
The most distinguishing feature of this school of the Buddha - Way is its contention that wisdom , accompanied by compassion , is expressed in the everyday lifeworld when associating with one ’s self , other people , and nature .
The everyday lifeworld for most people is an evanescent transforming stage in which living is consumed , philosophically speaking , by an either - or , ego- logical , dualistic paradigm of thinking with its attendant psychological states such as stress and anxiety .
Zen demands an overcoming of this paradigm in practice by achieving a holistic and nondualistic perspective in cognition , so that the Zen practitioner can celebrate , with stillness of mind , a life directed toward the concrete thing - events of everyday life and nature .
For this reason , the Zen practitioner is required to embody freedom expressive of the original human nature , called “ buddha - nature . ”
Zen aims at the perfection of personhood .
To this end , sitting meditation called “ za - zen ” is employed as a foundational method of prāxis across the different schools of this Buddha - Way — which is not an ideology , but a way of living .
Through za-zen the Zen practitioner attempts to embody non-discriminatory wisdom vis-à - vis the meditational experience known as “ satori ” ( enlightenment ) .
A process of discovering wisdom culminates , among other things , in the experiential apprehension of the equality of all thing - events .
The designation of this school of the Buddha - Way as Zen , which means sitting meditation , is derived from a transliteration of the Chinese word Chán .
Because the Chinese term is in turn a transliteration of the Sanskrit term dhyāna , however , Zen owes its historical origin to early Indian Buddhism , where a deepened state of meditation , called samādhi , was singled out as one of the three components of study a Buddhist was required to master , the other two being an observation of ethical precepts ( sīla ) and an embodiment of nondiscriminatory wisdom ( prajñā ) .
Meditation was picked as the name for this school because the historical Buddha achieved enlightenment ( nirvāna ) through the practice of meditation .
In the context of Zen Buddhism , the perfection of nondiscriminatory wisdom ( Jpn. : hannya haramitsu ; Skrt. : prajñāpāramitā ) designates practical , experiential knowledge .
Only secondarily and derivatively does it mean theoretical , intellectual knowledge .
This is , Zen explains , because theoretical knowledge is a form of “ language game ” ( Jpn. : keron ; Skrt. : prapañca ) , i.e. , discrimination through the use of language , constructed as it is at least in part on distinction - making .
Zen believes that theoretical reference ultimately carries no existential meaning for emancipating a human being from his or her predicaments , for it maintains that discriminatory knowledge of any kind is delusory / illusory in nature .
To this effect it holds that it is through a practical transformation of the psychophysiological constitution of one ’s being that one prepares for embodying nondiscriminatory wisdom .
This preparation involves the training of the whole person and is called “ self - cultivation ” ( shugyō ) in Japanese .
It is a practical method of correcting the modality of one ’s mind by correcting the modality of one ’s body , in which practice ( prāxis ) is given precedence over theory ( theōria ) ( Yuasa , 1987 ) .
There are basically two methods utilized in meditation practice in Zen Buddhism to assist the practitioner to reach the above - mentioned goals , together with a simple breathing exercise known as “ observation of breath count ” ( sūsokukan ) ; one is the kōan method and the other is called “ just sitting ” ( shikan taza ) , a form of “ single act samādhi . ”
For example , the former is employed mainly by the Rinzai school of Zen Buddhism , while the latter by the Sōtō school ; they are the two main schools of this form of the Buddha - Way still flourishing today in Japan .
In the Rinzai school , the kōan method is devised to assist the practitioner to become a “ Zen person ” ( Kasulis , 1981 ) who fully embodies both wisdom and compassion .
A kōan is formulated like a riddle or puzzle and is designed in such a way that intellectual reasoning alone cannot solve it without breaking through the barrier of ego - consciousness by driving it to its limit .
This is , Zen believes , because ego - consciousness is fortified by the shield of a dualistic conceptual paradigm with all its attendant presuppositions and conditions .
The ego - consciousness of a given cultural and historical milieu accepts that paradigm to be true in order to live a life anchored in the everyday standpoint .
According to Hakuin ( 1685 –1768 ) , who systematized kōans , there are formally seventeen hundred cases of kōans , and if sub-questions are added to them , a total number of cases comprising the system would be roughly three thousand .
The Zen practitioner of the Rinzai school is required to pass them all in a private consultation with a Zen master who checks the practitioner ’s state of mind before he or she is granted a seal of transmission .
This transmission is said to occur “ only from a Buddha to a [ nother ] Buddha ” ( yuibutsu yobutsu ) .
Kōans are accordingly grouped into five categories in a most fully developed system : the first group is designed for reaching li ( suchness ) ( richi ) or the body of truth ( hosshin ) , i.e. , an enlightenment experience ; the second group for a linguistic articulation ( gensen ) of meditational experiences in order to master the skillful use of language ; the third group for those kōans truly difficult to pass ( nantō ) ; the fourth group for the practitioner to make an insight of kōan experiences pertinent to daily life ( kikan ) in order to embody a middle - way in which the practitioner wo n’t be steeped either in the state of meditation or the activity of daily life ; and the fifth group for going beyond the state of buddhahood by erasing all traces of enlightenment in order to achieve a traceless enlightenment ( kōjō ) .
The Rinzai school summarizes this process of self - cultivation in four mottoes : “ being a special transmission outside of the scriptures , ” “ having no dependence on words and letters , ” “ pointing directly into [ one ’s ] human mind , ” and “ seeing into [ one ’s ] nature to become a buddha . ”
( See , for examples , The Gateless Gate and The Blue Cliff Record . )
While the first two phrases point to the fact of discovering an extra-linguistic reality that naturally opens up in meditational experience and of articulating it linguistically in the “ best ” way according to the capacity of an individual practitioner , the last two phrases indicate a concretization of the original or inherent enlightenment ( hongaku ) in the Zen practitioner , where the original enlightenment means that human beings are innately endowed with a possibility of becoming a Buddha .
On the other hand , the Sōtō school , of which Dōgen ( 1200 – 54 ) is the founder , does not rely on an elaborate kōan system to learn to become a Zen person , but instead follows a method called “ just sitting ” ( shikan taza ) .
It refers to a single - minded , diligent practice where the qualifying term “ just ” means the practice of meditation without any intervention of ego - logical interest , concern , or desire , so that the practice remains undefiled .
This is a method of meditation predicated on the belief that the Zen practitioner engages in the practice in the midst of the original enlightenment .
Or to characterize it by using Dōgen ’s phrase , it is a method of “ practice - realization . ”
By hyphenating practice and realization , the following implications are suggested : meditation is not a means to an end , i.e. , a means to realization , and thereby Dōgen closes a dualistic gap , for example , between potentiality and actuality , between before and after .
Accordingly , he collapses the distinction between “ acquired enlightenment ” ( shikaku ) and “ original enlightenment , ” ( hongaku ) where the “ acquired ” enlightenment means an enlightenment that is realized through the practice of meditation as a means .
With this collapsing , the Sōtō School holds that practice and realization are non-dual in relation to each other ; they are “ not two . ”
According to the Sōtō school , the meditational practice , when it is seen as a process of discovery , is a deepening process of becoming aware of the original enlightenment with an expansion of its corresponding experiential correlates and horizons , and it is for this reason called the school of “ gradual enlightenment ” or “ silent illumination . ”
On the other hand , the Rinzai school is called the school of “ sudden enlightenment , ” because it does not recognize a process leading to enlightenment ( satori ) as something worthy of a special attention ; what counts is an experience of satori only .
Even though there is the above difference in approach between Rinzai and Sōtō schools , the outcome is the same for both insofar as the embodiment of wisdom and compassion is concerned .
This is because they both follow the same practice of sitting meditation .
Whatever differences there are between the practitioners of the two schools in regard to the linguistic articulation of their meditational experience , they arise from individual practitioners ’ personalities , dispositions , intellectual capacities , and / or linguistic abilities .
When one engages in Zen meditation , Zen recommends that its practitioner follow a three - step procedure : adjusting one ’s body , breathing and mind .
The practitioner follows these adjustments in the order mentioned when he or she begins .
When concluding a sitting session , the procedure is reversed so that he or she can return to an everyday standpoint .
We now briefly explain these three steps in the order mentioned .
Generally speaking , the adjustment of the body means to prepare oneself ( one ’s mind - body ) in such a way that one can achieve an optimal state of being free .
To do so , the practitioner needs to have a proper diet , engage in appropriate physical exercise , and avoid forming habits contrary to nurturing a healthy mind - body condition .
Specifically , however , when Zen mentions the adjustment of the body , it has in mind seated meditation postures .
There are two postures which Zen recognizes : the lotus - posture and the half - lotus posture .
A long Zen tradition takes them to be effective for stilling the mind and dissolving various psychological complexes and psychosomatic disorders .
However , if a lay practitioner cannot at first assume these postures , they can be substituted initially by sitting on a chair with the spine straight , as it can bring about a similar effect .
The adjustment of the body is necessary for the practitioner in order to experience the practical benefits of doing meditation .
The benefits of Zen meditation are closely tied to the practice of breathing .
Generally speaking , Zen does n’t recommend any complicated , strenuous breathing exercises as in Yoga .
Zen ’s breathing exercise is called “ observation of breath count ” ( sūsokukan ) .
In this exercise , the practitioner counts an in -coming breath and an out - going breath .
Before counting the breath , the practitioner breathes in through the nostrils and breathes out through the mouth a couple of times .
Then one starts counting breaths , but this time breathing in through the nostrils and breathing out through the nostrils .
The breath count is performed while performing an abdominal breathing : one brings in air all the way down to the lower abdomen , and breathes out from there .
This exercise has the effect of infusing one ’s mind - body with fresh life - energy and expelling a negative toxic energy out of the practitioner ’s system .
For this reason , it must be done in a place where there is ample ventilation .
A key to performing breathing exercises successfully is just to observe the in-coming and out - going breath .
Though these are simple instructions , they are difficult to execute because the neophyte tends to become distracted .
Present concerns , worries , fears , and past memories often surface .
Zen calls them “ wandering thoughts , ” which refers to any mental object that prevents the practitioner from concentrating .
If one wants to make progress in meditation , this is one of the first things that the practitioner must learn to overcome .
We now turn to the psycho-physiological meaning of the breathing exercise .
Ordinarily , we breathe sixteen to seventeen times per minute , which we do unconsciously or involuntarily .
This is because under ordinary circumstances , breathing is controlled by the autonomic nervous system .
Neurophysiologically , the center where breathing is controlled is found in the hypothalamus , in the mid-brain .
The autonomic nervous system is so - called because it functions independently of our will .
Zen breathing is a shift from unconscious , involuntary breathing to conscious , voluntary breathing .
This means that Zen meditation is a way of regulating the unconscious - autonomic order of our being .
Psychologically , counting the breath trains the unconscious mind and neurophysiologically , it trains the involuntary activity of the nerves that control the function of the various visceral organs .
Here we find a reason why Zen recommends abdominal breathing .
Nerves are bundled in the upper part of the abdominal cavity , and the abdominal breathing exercise stimulates this bundle .
As it does so , parasympathetic nerves still the mind .
This point is significant in learning to control emotion .
Ordinarily , we are told to control our emotion by exercising our will .
This is , for example , what Kant recommends .
This method works to a certain extent , but we expend our energy unnecessarily in exercising our will .
Think of a situation where one tries to submerge a ball in water .
When the size of the ball is relatively small , this can be accomplished with little effort .
But as the size of the ball becomes larger , it becomes increasingly difficult .
Analogously , a lot of psychic energy is required to suppress one ’s deeper emotions .
There comes a time then when one can no longer hold them down .
Consequently , one may end up exploding in various ways , ranging from personal fits to violent social crimes .
If we observe a person in an angry state , we will notice that such a person ’s breathing pattern and rhythm is shallow , rough , and irregular .
On the other hand , if we observe a person in a peaceful state , the breathing is deep , smooth , slow , and rhythmical .
These examples show that there is a strong correlation between the pattern and the rhythm of breathing and a person ’s emotional state , or more generally , state of mind .
Zen breathing has a way of naturally heightening the positive correlation between the activity of the autonomic nervous system and emotion .
Neurophysiologically , it happens that the center where breathing is regulated and the region where emotion is generated coincide .
This means that the conscious breathing psychologically affects the pattern of how one generates emotion , and at the same time it also has a neurophysiological effect on how the autonomous activity of the unconscious is regulated .
We will now move on to the third step involved in meditation .
Once the bodily posture and the breathing are adjusted , the practitioner next learns to adjust the mind .
This means that the practitioner consciously moves to enter a state of meditation .
In so doing , the practitioner learns to disengage him - or herself from the concerns of daily life .
That is to say , one tries to stop the operation of the conscious mind .
However , if one tries to stop the mind by using one ’s mind , the mind which is trying to stop itself is still operative .
In other words , it is practically impossible to stop the mind by using the mind .
Instead , Zen tries to accomplish this by the immobile bodily posture and the breathing exercise .
In this connection , it will be informative to know how the practitioner experiences breathing as he or she deepens meditation .
We can identify three basic stages : initially the practitioner can hear the audible sound of the in -coming and out - going breaths .
This is rough and “ gross ” breathing .
This is followed by the second stage in which he or she can feel the pathway of the in -coming and out - going breaths .
Breathing at this point becomes “ subtle ” in that there will no longer be audible sound of the breaths but simply a stream of life - energy .
In the third stage there is no more feeling of the in -coming and out - going breaths .
When this occurs , the practitioner can settle into a deeper meditational state .
Also , it is significant to note that as the practitioner enters a deeper state of meditation , the interval between inhalation and exhalation is prolonged , i.e. , the retention of breath is prolonged , as the reduction of breathing activities occurs .
Meditation trains one to sit face - to - face with one ’s self , while creating a psychological isolation from the external world .
With this , one enters into an internal world of psychē .
As the practitioner attempts to enter the world of psychē , various things start surfacing in the field of the practitioner ’s meditative awareness .
These are mostly things of concern that have occupied the practitioner in the history of his or her life , or things the practitioner has consciously suppressed for various reasons .
Initially , the practitioner experiences recent desires , anxieties , concerns , ideas , and images that have surfaced in his or her daily life .
A psychological reason that the practitioner experiences these various things is due in part to the fact the practitioner has lowered the level of conscious activity , by assuming the meditation posture , and doing the breathing exercise .
This mechanism is the same as when one has a dream at night .
When the level of consciousness is lowered , the suppressive power of ego - consciousness weakens , and consequently the autonomous activity of the unconscious begins to surface .
However , these desires , images and ideas are distractions insofar as meditation is concerned .
This is because in meditation you must learn to focus your awareness on one thing .
One must learn just to observe without getting involved in them .
That is , one must learn to dis-identify oneself with them .
In the process of deepening meditation , one can roughly identify three distinct stages : the stage of concentration , the stage of meditation , and the stage of absorption .
In the stage of concentration , the practitioner concentrates , for example on the lower abdomen , establishing a dualistic relationship between the practitioner who is concentrating and the lower abdomen that is the focus of concentration .
This dualistic relationship is broken gradually as the practitioner moves into the stage of meditation .
The activity of the ego - consciousness is gradually lessened , and the barriers it sets up for itself are gradually removed .
When the practitioner enters the stage of absorption ( samādhi ) , the dualistic framing of the mind will be removed such that the mind starts structuring itself non-dualistically .
There will be no separation or distancing between an object of the mind and the activity of the mind itself .
As the practitioner repeats this process over a long period of time , he or she will come to experience a state in which no -thing appears .
Zen uses the phrase “ no - mind ” to designate this state .
No -mind does not mean a mindless state .
Nor does it mean that there is no mind .
It means that there is no conscious activity of the mind that is associated with ego - consciousness in the everyday standpoint .
In other word , no -mind is a free mind that is not delimited by ideas , desires , and images .
No-mind is a state of mind in which there is neither a superimposition of ideas nor a psychological projection .
That is , no-mind is a practical transcendence from the everyday mind , without departing from the everydayness of the world .
As may be surmised from the foregoing explanation on Zen ’s methodological stance , it is perhaps best to understand Zen as an anti-philosophy if the term “ philosophy ” is taken to mean the establishment of “ the kingdom of reason . ”
That enterprise has been launched as an intellectual effort of the most brilliant minds in Europe since the modern period to find new ways to ground our conception of human nature , something beyond the traditional Christian dogmas that had incorporated classic Aristotelian and Platonic views .
Since then , various Western philosophers have attempted to capture human nature with this goal in mind by using ego - consciousness as a starting point as well as a destination in philosophy .
For example , human nature has been characterized in terms of ego - consciousness ( Descartes ) , Reason , Personality , Transcendental Subjectivity ( Kant and Husserl ) , Life ( Dilthey ) , Existence ( Existential philosophers such as Kierkegaard , Jaspers and Sartre ) and Dasein ( Heidegger ) .
( See Yuasa 2003 , 160–61 . )
By contrast , Zen ’s stance of “ anti-philosophy ” maintains among other things that reason in its discursive use is incapable of knowing and understanding in toto what reality is , for example , what human beings are and what their relation to nature is .
For this reason , Zen contends that physical nature and human nature must be sought in an experiential dimension practically trans - descending , and hence transcending , the standpoint of ego - consciousness .
That is to say , it must go beyond “ the one ” and “ the two , ” as both of these stances are prone to generate a one - sided stance , and hence incomplete world - view .
Instead , they must be sought in the depths of one ’s psychē and beyond .
For example , Zen Master Seigen ( Chin ; Qīngyuáng , 660 –740 ) expresses the process of self - cultivation to the effect that : “ Before the practice , mountains are mountains , during the practice , mountains are not mountains , and after the realization , mountains are [ truly ] mountains [ again ] . ”
In the meditational process of discovery then , Zen moves from an ordinary , commonsensical standpoint to an extraordinary standpoint , and with this transformation returns to the everyday lifeworld , wherein no Aristotelian either - or logic is accepted as the standard for knowing and understanding reality .
As a result , paradoxes , contradictions , and even what appears to be utter nonsense abound in Zen literature .
The kōan method mentioned above exemplifies this point .
To cite just one such example : “ the river does not flow but the bridge does . ”
If one attempts to understand that by relying on an Aristotelian either - or logic as the standard for understanding , one will be under the impression that this expression is nonsensical or meaningless .
As may be surmised , by relying on the above - mentioned methodological stance , Zen Buddhism has produced an understanding of reality — one ’s own self , nature with life activities and human nature — quite different from those offered by Western philosophy .
Therefore , we can say that Zen is an anti-philosophy in that it is not a systematization of knowledge built on the use of a discursive mode of reasoning anchored in the ( alleged ) certainty or transparency of ego - consciousness , one that follows an epistemological paradigm built on an ego - logical , either - or , dualistic mode of knowing .
Yet , it upholds something like a philosophy that springs forth through a reflective restatement of the practice , though this “ upholding ” must be understood with a proviso that it maintains , as mentioned in the foregoing , a “ positionless position . ” ( Abe , 1989 . )
This is because Zen abhors “ holding onto ” anything , which Zen considers a case of “ self - binding without a rope . ”
Such a self - binding would trap the Zen practitioner into a mode of attachment that is the source of suffering and , consequently , would disrupt the sense of embodied freedom it cherishes .
Accordingly , Zen demands that the practitioner overcome the dualism operative in the everyday standpoint , which it speaks of by using the phrase “ not two . ”
The use of the phrase “ not two ” expresses Zen ’s proclivity to favor the simple and the concrete , such that it is not expressed as a negation of dualism .
This overcoming is an existential , practical project , a goal for the Zen practitioner , although it is paradoxically stated as “ if you face it , it goes away . ”
This is because “ facing ” presupposes a dualistic stance .
“ Two ” in “ not two ” designates any “ two ” things appearing from within the everyday standpoint , especially when it is taken to designate an absolute sense of reality .
This standpoint , as mentioned in the foregoing , relies on the discursive mode of reasoning to understand reality , while presupposing an ego - consciousness as the standard referential point .
From this perspective for example , a distinction between the outer and inner worlds emerges , using a sensory perception as the point of reference .
One of the salient characteristics of this standpoint is that the world appears to be dualistic in nature , that is to say , it recognizes two ( and by implication , many ) things to be real .
Zen questions this standpoint when it is used as the paradigm for daily living , including philosophical thinking , for this standpoint accepts as its foundation an individual ’s discrete “ I ” with a belief that “ I ” am self - contained and self - sufficient , and therefore am distinguished and isolated from other individuals and things of nature , “ I ” am “ here ” and things , including others , are “ over there , ” creating both a psychological and physical distance between them .
Epistemologically speaking , Zen observes that this renders opaque , or at best translucent , the experiential domains beyond the sensible world as well as ego - consciousness , both either taken naturalistically or by means of theoretical speculation .
The inability to go beyond these experiential domains occurs because ego - consciousness is physiologically rooted in the body and psychologically in the unconscious .
This points to a philosophically important consequence .
Namely , once the practitioner accepts this outer - inner dichotomy even provisionally , he or she is led to accept as true a host of other “ two ” things that are affirmed to be real , as is seen in pairs of opposites such as mind vs. body , I vs. others , love vs. hate , good vs. evil , and I vs. nature .
Logically speaking , Zen explains that “ two ” things arise because the everyday standpoint stipulates the above - mention epistemological paradigm as the standard for cognizing the whole , however the whole may be construed ( Nagatomo , 2000 , 213 – 44 ) .
This logic thinks it reasonable to divide the whole into two parts when knowing or understanding reality .
That is , when this logic is applied to the whole , it compels the user of this logic to choose , reasonably in the mind of the user , one part , while disregarding the other part(s ) as irrelevant or meaningless .
It prioritizes one part at the expense of the other part(s ) , while celebrating the exclusion .
In so doing , it looks to the explicit while becoming oblivious to the fact that the implicit equally exists as a supporting ground for the explicit , where the explicit is something “ obvious ” to the senses and the rational mind .
It champions one - sidedness in cognition and judgment as the supreme form of knowing and understanding reality .
However , Zen thinks that this prioritization , this exclusion , violates a cardinal principle of knowing , for knowledge of anything demands an understanding of the whole .
Either - or logic fails on this account .
Moreover , it contends that when this logic attempts to understand the whole , it theoretically reduces the other to the one that is judged to be true and / or real .
For example , if one maintains that the mind is real , one disregards the body as unreal , yielding an idealist position .
On the other hand , if one thinks the body is real , it disposes of the mind in the same way , favoring materialism as true and real , which is presupposed , for example , by natural science .
Either position commits itself to reductionism .
Here , questioning this practice and the consequences it entails , Zen instead speaks of mind - body oneness , an holistic perspective , as it abhors one - sidedness .
However , it warns that as soon as “ one ” is contrasted with “ two ” in a discourse , it is no longer genuine and authentic , because once it is objectified linguistically or reflectively , it slips into being an idea , an abstraction .
From the point of view of epistemology developed by modern European philosophy , the “ two things ” are the subject who knows and the object that is known .
Zen finds that these two things impose on the epistemological subject a structuring that is framed dualistically and either - or ego- logically , as mentioned in the foregoing .
Accordingly , this structuring unknowingly frames things to appear dualistically and either - or ego-logically to the epistemological subject , while extending the paradigm to itself for self - understanding as well as things other than itself in the same manner .
Consequently , the subject stands opposed either to the outer world ( e.g. , nature ) or to the inner world ( the world of psychē ) , or both , and hence it promotes an oppositional mode of thinking .
Moreover , Zen notes that the subject cannot by definition become the object or vice versa , for they are distanced from each other either really or ideally .
It depends on whether the “ distance ” and “ opposition ” occur in space - consciousness or in time - consciousness ; an object appears to be “ out there ” with space - consciousness , while it appears to be “ in here ” as an immanent object in the field of consciousness in time - consciousness .
Suppose one applies this epistemological structure in knowing others , for example , one ’s friend .
When one attempts to know her from the everyday standpoint , one relies on the language she speaks and her body language .
Here one cannot know her in toto , let alone the destiny of her life - history , because she is shielded from an observer by the spatial - temporal density of her being .
Zen maintains that the situation created by assuming this epistemological paradigm is not ideal , or real , for that matter .
Hence , Zen says “ not two . ”
“ Not two ” is in part a recommendation for experientially achieving oneness through the practice of meditation , informing the holder of the “ two ” of the narrow and limited scope of her / his understanding , where the idea of oneness may , for now , be conceived at many levels , starting with the physical , the subtle , and the samādhic .
Generally speaking then , Zen takes “ not two ” to designate a negation of any “ two ” things that are affirmed to be individually real , in which the perspective that realizes the place or domain where two things occur is ignored .
The dualistic standpoint also ignores the logical fact that any “ two ” things cannot be individually one because for one to be , it must be dependent on , and interconnects with , the other one .
An either - or logic ignores this interdependence , in part because it operates within a conceptual and linguistic space with the assumption that there is no temporal change .
This assumption enables a thinker to establish the law of identity , namely that A remains the same with itself , or identical with itself .
With this recommendation , Zen maintains that mind and body , I and others , I and nature ought to be experienced as one by those who remain in the everyday standpoint .
To express this idea , Zen states that “ Heaven and Earth share the same root , and I and the myriad things are one ( - body ) . ”
It demands an holistic perspective necessary to achieve knowledge that is genuine and authentic .
Otherwise , Zen fears that the practitioner will fall into one - sidedness , in which the knowledge claim ends up being partial , imbalanced , and even prejudiced .
Dōgen captures this by stating : “ When one side is illuminated , the other side remains in darkness . ”
To characterize the dualistic , either - or , ego-logical standpoint by borrowing Nietzsche ’s phrase , Zen would say that it is “ human , and all too human . ”
Care must be exercised in understanding the meaning of “ not ” in the phrase “ not two ” however .
Zen insists that the “ not ” primarily refers to an existential , practical negation of the “ I , ” which the practitioner achieves by “ up - rooting the ego - consciousness , ” and in turn yields , by implication , a logical negation as well .
This is because Zen thinks the practitioner cannot achieve this negation simply by following either - or logic , or for that matter by following the intellectual process of reasoning , because both logic and reasoning intrinsically involve two things , for example , the thinker and the thought .
With either - or logic a mere logical negation involves an infinite regress in negating the “ I ” ; one who negates the “ I ” retains the affirmative act of holding “ I ” in the mind as that which negates .
And when the “ I ” further attempts to negate this affirming act , there still remains an “ I ” who negates it and the process goes on ad infinitum .
For this reason , Zen recommends the practitioner to “ forget the ‘ I ” when engaging oneself in any action , be it a mind - act , bodily - act , or speech - act , as is seen for example in both Dōgen and Takuan ( 1573 –1645 ) .
To recapitulate the idea of the Zen meaning of negation as expressed in “ not two , ” Zen sees its self - cultivation as involving a thoroughgoing negation of the “ I ” to the point that no problem , either existential or psychological , entrenched in the “ I ” remains .
Hence , we have Rinzai ’s phrase : “ if you becomes a master in any place , wherever you stand is true . ” ( Iriya , 1989 , 70 ) Truth for Zen is not merely a matter of formulating or uttering a propositional statement , but rather embodying it by becoming , to use his phrase again , a “ true person of no rank , ” ( ibid , 20 ) where “ no rank ” designates the freedom of standing beyond social or linguistic conventions such that a Zen person can use convention freely .
Equally important is Zen ’s contention that both logical and intellectual methods are abstract , for they become divorced from the actual reality of day - to - day existence .
In other words , in the eyes of Zen , these methods lack consideration for the concreteness and immediacy of lived experience .
This is because the theoretical standpoint defines the human being who observes things of nature from the outside , which can be characterized , by using Yuasa ’s phrase , as a “ being - outside - of - nature . ”
Instead , Zen maintains that the human being must be understood as a being rooted in nature .
To use Yuasa ’s phrase again , it is a “ being - in - nature . ”
This point is well portrayed in Zen ’s landscape paintings wherein a human figure occupies the space of a mere dot in a vast natural scenery ( Yuasa , 2003 , 160–1 ) .
How then does Zen articulate the experiential meaning of “ not two ” ?
Throughout its long history , which spans from the sixth century in China to the twenty - first century in Japan , Zen has produced numerous ways of linguistically capturing a response to this question , depending on what “ two ” things are thematized in the Zen dialogue ( Zen mondō ) .
As a textual study , these dialogues are a primary way for the non-practitioner to learn what “ two ” things are by studying a discourse that unfolds between a Zen master and his disciple .
Moreover , this situation is complicated by the fact that a Zen master ’s response is usually tailored to an individual disciple ’s caliber .
This is in keeping with a general method of teaching in Buddhism , i.e. , speaking to the caliber of a listener ( taiki seppō ) .
This complication is further compounded by the differences in the personality of Zen masters .
Hence , Zen ’s responses to the above question are as varied and numerous as there are Zen masters .
In spite of this situation , it is reasonably possible to provide a glimpse into the experiential meaning of “ not two ” by looking into a phrase that often appears in Zen dialogues .
This phrase is “ no - thought and no- image ” ( munen musō ) , whose experience points to practically going beyond “ not one ” and “ not two . ”
Upon hearing the phrase “ no - thought and no-image , ” one may wonder if there could be such a thing .
To properly respond to this question , Zen thinks it important to determine whether it is posed with a practical concern or a theoretical concern in mind .
The difference allows a Zen master to determine the ground out of which this question is raised , for example , to determine if the inquirer is anchored in the everyday standpoint or in a meditational standpoint .
In the case of the former , for instance , Zen would respond by saying that as long as the inquirer poses this question from within the everyday standpoint with a theoretical interest , relying on either - or logic , the inquirer cannot understand the meaning of “ no - thought and no-image , ” as intended by Zen .
This is because to formulate the question , “ Is there or is there not no - thought and no-image ? ” linguistically drives the inquiry into a contradiction , for one cannot predicate “ is ” on “ no - thought ” or “ no-image . ”
Only insofar as “ no - thought ” or “ no- image ” is treated as an idea in a linguistic space without consideration for its referent , can one ask if “ there is ” or “ there is not ” such a thing as “ no - thought . ”
In response , Zen maintains that when “ there is ” or “ there is not ” is topicalized in its tradition , it is not the same as “ there is ” or “ there is not ” as understood from within the everyday standpoint .
Zen claims that neither “ no - thought ” nor “ no- image ” can be linguistically or logically apprehended from this standpoint .
Why does Zen insist on this ?
Zen explains that both “ there is ” and “ there is not ” ( or more generally “ being ” and “ non- being ” ) are intellectually framed from within the everyday standpoint by accepting the oppositional ontology where the meaning of “ is ” is predicated on the meaning of “ is not , ” and vice versa .
Therefore , Zen maintains that to understand “ no - thought ” or “ no- image ” we need an experiential dimension that goes beyond the oppositional thinking of the everyday standpoint .
Zen condenses “ no - thought and no- image ” into a singular word “ no ” in keeping with its proclivity to favor the simple , as this contraction allows Zen to expand the scope and the meaning of “ no - thought and no-image . ”
This “ no , ” for example , is made pivotal by Zen Master Joshū ( Chin. , Zhaozhōu ; 778–897 ) .
It is usually rendered in English as “ nothing ” and has been presented to the Western reader as if it is the central and cardinal concept of Zen philosophy .
At the risk of de-emphasizing other important aspects of Zen such as how it understands the living phenomena of nature , humanity ‘s relation to them , and aesthetic sensitivity , we will here focus on the scope and meaning of this Zen “ no ” 無 .
This “ no ” appears in a Zen dialogue between Joshū and a monk , in which is thematized an issue of whether or not a dog has Buddha - nature .
It reads as follows : A monk asks Joshū : “ Does the dog have buddha - nature ? ”
He replies : “ No [ thing ] . ”
The monk says : “ All sentient beings have buddha - nature .
Why does n’t the dog have it ? ”
Joshū replies : “ He has discrimination due to his karma . ”
Joshū ’s response of “ no ” to the monk ’s question points to the latter ’s inadequate , and hence also mistaken , understanding of being .
However , as articulated in the Nirvānasūtra , Mahāyāna Buddhism , of which Zen is an offshoot , asserts that all sentient beings have buddha - nature .
With this understanding in mind , the monk asked the question , to which Joshū replied 無 ( “ no ” ) .
His “ no ” points to the fact that the way the monk formulates his question regarding being is predicated on an either - or logical understanding or an affirmation - negation linguistic device .
In so doing , the monk relativizes Buddha - nature qua being , while contrasting and opposing it with non-being .
Buddha - nature is not something that the dog can have or not have ; Buddha - nature is not something contingent .
Joshū ’s “ no ” allows the monk to return to the ground from which the idea of the Buddha - nature springs forth as an essential characterization of all beings .
As such , Joshū ’s “ no ” points to a transcendence of being and non-being .
Insofar as Zen ’s “ no ” is turned into an issue questioning the ground of being , it is appropriate to understand it as “ nothing , ” and in fact as “ absolutely nothing , ” because the latter goes beyond the relative nothing that is contrasted with being .
As Joshū ’s “ nothing ” has been made a kōan , numerous Zen masters have used it to test a student ’s progress in meditation .
In such a case , a Zen master expects a monk to come up with his or her original response by stipulating a condition : “ I do n’t expect you to answer that the dog has buddha - nature nor that the dog does not have buddha - nature .
Nor do I expect you to reply that the dog both has and does not have buddha - nature .
Nor do I expect you to reply that the dog neither has nor does not have buddha - nature .
How do you respond to this ? ”
This is a warning that a monk cannot rely on Nāgārjuna ’s tetralemma as an acceptable response , namely the four possible ways of understanding thing - events insofar as logic is concerned : “ there is , ” “ there is not , ” “ both ‘ there is ’ and ‘ there is not , ’ ” and “ neither ‘ there is ’ nor ‘ there is not . ’”
This master is admonishing that as long as a monk ’s response is framed from within the logic of the everyday use of language , no answer is forthcoming .
Here the reader can sense that the scope and the meaning of “ no - thought and no- image ” has been expanded to include the logical use of language , not simply a rejection of oppositional thinking .
A further expansion of the scope and the meaning of “ no ” can be found in an instruction Zen Master Daie ( Chin. , Dàhuì ; 1089 – 1163 ) gives to his students , though it is given via negativa — when they attempt to discover a response to Joshū ’s “ nothing ” ( Yanagita , 1974 , 181–2 ) .
Prefacing his remark that “ this one word [ i.e. , ‘ no ( - thing ) ’ ] is a cane that shatters numerous [ instances of ] erroneous knowledge and perception , ” Daie instructs the students not to take “ no[ thing ] ” in the context of being or nonbeing by applying either - or logic .
An appeal to discriminatory thinking based on the standpoint of [ ego -] consciousness is of no use either .
It is also unacceptable to appeal to bodily action , let alone to engage in a mere verbal exchange .
Not even a metaphysical response will do either , for Daie states : “ Do not throw it out into an empty - void where there is nothing .
Do not swallow it where something is generated . ”
To seek an answer in a text is also out of the question .
Daie demands that the practitioner come up with his / her own original answer .
What is evident in the above instructions is that the Zen practitioner must tackle this “ no[ thing ] ” by mobilizing the whole of his or her person in order to delve into the ground of his or her personhood , where the “ whole ” in question involves both the mind and the body , both the consciousness and the unconscious .
This is , no doubt , an existential challenge to Zen practitioners , and so they make an all - out effort , staking life and death , because it guarantees them an embodiment of truth and freedom .
In this context , Zen metaphorically speaks of reaching the whole as “ kicking through the bottom of a bucket ” to designate the ground of a person , which Zen understands to be bottomless .
That is , it understands this ground to have “ no ” bottom , i.e. , it is a bottomless ground .
To avoid the danger of interpreting this ground nihilistically or relativisitically , the modern Japanese thinker , Nishida Kitarō ( 1870 –1945 ) adds that it is absolutely nothing , where “ absolutely ” means cutting off all pairs of polar opposites .
( See the entry on Nishida Kitarō . )
The experiential dimension in which Zen ’s “ nothing ” becomes understandable refers to a quiescent state of meditation in which is arrested the activity of an individual practitioner ’s ego - consciousness that functions in a close correlation with his or her body .
Upon reaching such a meditational state , the Zen practitioner comes to experience an event generally known as “ seeing into one ’s nature ” ( kenshō ) , an initial satori experience .
Although this phrase may on the surface suggest a dualistic state , namely that there is something that is called “ nature , ” which the Zen practitioner comes to see as an object .
This interpretation occurs because “ seeing ” is understood to be an intentional activity of the practitioner .
However , this “ seeing ” has a sense of becoming visible such that “ one ’s own nature ” emerges in the meditative awareness when the activity of ego - consciousness is arrested .
Once this experience occurs , the practitioner gradually turns the seeing into one ’s nature ( according to the interpretation vis - à - vis the acquired enlightenment ) , or the practitioner realizes that one ’s nature is seeing ( according to the interpretation vis - à - vis the original enlightenment ) .
The Zen tradition interprets “ nature ” to be “ buddha - nature , ” i.e. , the possibility to be awakened from fundamental ignorance .
That is to say , to become a Buddha , and the way of its being is designated by the term tathatā , suchness or a thing - event ’s being such that it is showing its primordial mode of being .
When this aspect of knowledge is emphasized , Zen calls it “ original ” or “ natural ” knowledge .
In this connection , it contends that the “ seeing ” is “ not two , ” i.e. , it is non-dualistic in nature .
To illustrate an experiential basis for the above observation , we may cite another example , namely Dōgen ’s enlightenment experience .
This will aid the reader to catch a glimpse of an experiential meaning of “ not two , ” for it is descriptive of the experience itself .
He expresses it as “ dropping off the body and the mind ” ( shinjin datsuraku ) .
( In order to get an idea of this experience from a contemporary point - of - view , or from outside of Zen tradition , one may also consider out - of - body experiences . )
The experience of “ dropping off the body and the mind ” informs us that the dualistic relationship between the mind and the body has disappeared in meditational awareness and by implication “ I ” and others , and “ I ” and nature .
Hence they are “ not two . ”
If the distinction has disappeared , it implies that the Zen practitioner is thrown into a non-dualistic domain of experience .
It points to a practical transcendence from the everyday either - or , ego-logical , dualistic standpoint .
In light of the outer - inner distinction Zen interprets the non-dualistic experience to mean that the distinction has been epistemologically collapsed , as it arises in such a way to respond to the dualistic perspective from which the outer and the inner worlds appeared .
It understands this collapsing of the distinction then to be the meaning of “ not two , ” from which an holistic perspective emerges .
Conceptually , Zen takes this holistic perspective to mean the de-substantialization and de-ontologization of any two polar concepts , such as one and many , being and non-being , universal and particular , absolute and relative , transcendence and immanence , and birth and death .
Zen ’s observation is that each of the polar terms is non-dualistically related to each of the other polar terms such that they are connected with , interdependent on , and relative to , each other for their being and meaning .
They are thrown into a holistic context of an interdependent causal series .
And for this series to be operative , Zen maintains , following Nāgārjuna , that each of these terms that enters the relationship is empty of self - nature , where self - nature means a power to generate itself on its own without dependence on anything .
For if thing - events designated by these terms are endowed with self - nature , they cannot enter into the series ; what enters such a series is only an accidental attribute or property .
According to the substantialistic or essentialistic ontology , nothing can really change .
For example , criminals who want to correct their criminal behavior cannot change themselves if being a criminal is the essential characterization of their being .
This would pose an insurmountable challenge , if not impossibility , to a correction officer at a prison .
Or , for that matter , anyone who wants to correct one ’s own psychological characteristic or tendency , particularly if it happens to be pathological , cannot succeed in such self - correction if it is an essential characterization of one ’s being .
In order to give a still more concrete sense of what Zen- seeing is like , we now return to the question of how Zen understands the experiential meaning of “ seeing into one ’s nature . ”
Zen ’s contention is that the bottomless ground is that which non-dualistically “ sees ” when the practitioner experiences the state of nothing ( or no - thought and no-image ) .
How then does Zen articulate this “ seeing ” ?
This question points to an examination of the epistemic structure of how knowledge operates in Zen experience .
For this purpose , the following Zen dialogue between Jinne and Chōsetsu concerning “ no - thought ” is illuminating .
Although it is lengthy , we quote it in full in order to provide a sense of how a Zen dialogue unfolds :
The disciple asks :
Then what is it [ i.e. , no - thought ] ?
The master replies :
It is nothing like “ what is . ”
Therefore , we can not explain “ no - thought . ”
The reason why I am speaking about it now is because you have asked about it .
If you had n’t asked about it , there would be no need to explain it .
Suppose that there is a clear , transparent mirror .
If it does not face a thing , no image is reflected in it .
To say that it mirrors an image means that because it faces something , it just mirrors its image .
The disciple asks :
If it does not face any thing , is there or is there not a reflection in the mirror ?
The master replies :
That the mirror reflects a thing means that it always mirrors regardless of whether it is facing or not facing a thing .
The disciple asks :
If there is no image and since you do not give an explanation , how can all beings and nonbeings become an issue ?
Now when you say that it always mirrors , how does it mirror ?
The master replies :
When I say that the mirror always mirrors , it is because a clear , transparent mirror possesses an original nature as its essential activity of always mirroring things .
Analogously , people ’s mind is originally undefiled , and naturally possesses a superb light of wisdom that illuminates the perfect world of nirvāna .
The disciple asks : Insofar as people ’s minds are originally like that , when do people get it ?
The master replies :
It just sees nothing .
The disciple asks :
When it is nothing , what can it see ?
The master replies : Seeing is not like something you can call a thing .
The disciple asks :
If it is not like anything one can call a thing , what does it see ?
The master replies : it sees no -thing .
That is the true seeing .
It always sees .
( Yanagita , 1974 , 132–3 . )
Unlike most Zen dialogues that are often enigmatic and puzzling to people outside the tradition , this dialogue provides an explanation that indicates what “ seeing ” is like in Zen experience .
This “ seeing ” is said to be “ seeing nothing or no- thing , ” and Jinne speaks of it by appealing to the analogy of a mirror , although he makes a disclaimer that it cannot adequately be explained in words .
To get a glimpse of what he means by “ seeing , ” it is helpful to take note of the following points regarding this analogy .
Jinne conceives of a mirror in terms of two modalities : the mirror in and of itself and the mirror as it engages an object other than itself .
It is important to keep in mind that both are understood in light of their activity .
He characterizes the “ original nature ” of the mirror in and of itself as being “ clear , transparent ” ( or “ undefiled ” ) , wherein it is said to always mirror .
“ Original ” means that it is not contingent on experience , while “ always ” refers to the mirror ’s ceaseless activity of mirroring .
Whether “ there is ” or “ there is not ” a specific object to mirror is a contingent matter for the mirror in and of itself .
What makes a mirror what it is is its activity of always mirroring , and when considered in and of itself , it possesses no specific image to mirror .
There is no characteristic to it and hence no image appearing in it , i.e. , “ no - thought ” or “ no- image . ”
This is the meaning of “ no - thing or nothing ” in the phrase “ seeing no - thing or nothing . ”
In other words , the mirror is turned into nothing , or to use the earlier phrase , the bottomless ground is nothing except , epistemologically speaking , its capacity to mirror , and even this capacity is rendered “ nothing ” when it is in no use .
Zen explains the fact that the mirror “ just sees no - thing or nothing ” when its act of seeing is mobilized in “ facing ” a thing .
The adverb “ just ” is crucial .
“ Just ” here means without discrimination , without superimposition , without projection , or in short , without positing an ego - consciousness as that which sees .
In phenomenological terms , there is no thetic positing in this kind of seeing .
Zen maintains that these characterizations obtain because the Zen practitioner “ kicked through the bottom of the bucket , ” a practical transcendence .
In other words , Zen ’s contention is that there is no determination whatsoever in the mirror ’s activity of “ just seeing . ”
That there is no determination means to Zen that because the bottomless ground is nothing , it does not impose form on things that are mirrored .
When these qualifications are taken together , Zen interprets “ just seeing no - thing or nothing ” to mean seeing or mirroring things without discrimination , that is , with a sense of equality .
When a mirror , for example , reflects an image of a beautiful object , it does not make any discriminatory value judgment that it is beautiful .
And neither does it make any discriminatory value judgment when it mirrors an ugly object .
It mirrors thing - events as they are .
That is , the mirror does not take any stance of likes and dislikes ; it does not take a stance of “ for ” or “ against . ”
It is non-egological in mirroring each thing equally .
Moreover , Zen observes that the nature of the mirror is such that it does not change due to the kind of object it mirrors .
For example , it does not increase or decrease in size in virtue of the fact that it mirrors an object .
( Bankei , for example , expresses it as the “ unborn . ” )
It remains as it is in its original nature of always mirroring , which highlights the fact that it is clear and transparent .
Because equality is the characteristic of this seeing , Zen speaks of the activity of this seeing as nondiscriminatory .
Yet , because an object is mirrored as object , whether beautiful or ugly , Zen considers the act of mirroring to be a “ discernment . ”
Therefore , Zen characterizes the “ seeing ” in “ seeing no - thing or nothing ” in its act - aspect as a discernment vis -à - vis nondiscrimination ( mubunbetsu no funbetsu ) .
This , Jinne says , is “ true seeing , ” which is non-discriminatory wisdom ( prajñā ) .
Through this mirror analogy , Zen wants to point out what the minds of people are like in their original nature and activity .
Zen summarizes all of the above characteristics of seeing by employing a simple phrase : “ motion in stillness ” ( seichū no dō ) .
However , an objection may be raised against Zen ’s holistic , non-dualistic “ seeing ” or “ mirroring , ” namely , the objection that if there is something that is mirrored , does that not still imply a dualistic epistemological structure ?
Zen would respond that this objection ignores the fact that the ground of seeing is the bottomless ground that is nothing .
What appears against mirror qua nothing is just an object .
In such a seeing , the object alone shines forth .
Hence , it is characterized , to use Nishida ’s terminology , as “ seeing without a seer . ”
( See the entry on The Kyoto School , Sect. 3.3 . )
Below , we will explore further the structure of how things appear in Zen .
Although it may sound paradoxical , Zen maintains that this ground is also a fount of creativity .
Because there is no determination in the ground , it is pregnant with many possibilities or meanings to be realized .
Zen maintains , via the influences from philosophical Daoism , that this creativity is in the same order as that of nature , for the practitioner reaches the original source prior to the distinction between the outer world and the inner world .
( Hence , Zen understands , as was mentioned in the foregoing , the human being to be “ a being - in - nature . ” )
It often uses the phrase “ no - mind ” ( mushin ) to generally designate the above experiential dimension .
However , Zen does not mean it to be a mindless state , much less losing the mind .
Nor does it mean a disappearance of the mind .
Rather it designates a dimension of experience in which the ego- logically discriminatory activity of the mind disappears .
This may be illustrated in terms of seeing things that occurs in a deep state of meditative absorption , where “ seeing ” means becoming visible as mentioned above .
Zen adepts are said to acquire a power of meditation ( Jpn. : jōriki ) , which is related to abilities like clairvoyance , clairaudience , and retrocognition .
These abilities coincide with those of two of the three night - watches on the night of historical Buddha ’s enlightenment experience .
Once such a power becomes available to the meditators , they intentionally focus on seeing whatever they want to see .
This is an activity of ego - consciousness , but after settling into a deeper state of absorption , the person ’s ego - conscious activity ceases and an image appears from the unconscious in response to the meditator ’s intention .
This is because the unconscious has an autonomous activity that works independent of conscious will .
This occurs once the meditator eliminates or lessens the oppositional and conflicting relationship between the consciousness and unconscious .
If , however , the meditator tries to see an image by relying on his or her ego - consciousness , the image which has surfaced in the field of meditative awareness immediately disappears , because the meditator slips back into a dualistic state from the non-dualistic state .
The meditator must remain in a non-dualistic state in order to see what appears in the field of meditative awareness .
Philosophically speaking , we can characterize this experiential event that the Zen practitioner trans - descends into , and hence transcends , the ego - logically discriminatory activity of the mind .
Zen contends that this arises due to adhering to “ name - form ” ( Jpn. : myōshiki ; Skrt. : nāmarūpa ) .
This transcendence results in a rejection of the belief that there is a reality corresponding to a name , or generally that there is a reality corresponding to a linguistic activity .
Through the state of no-mind , Zen observes that each individual thing that is mirrored is recognized for the first time to be individual qua the individual with a sense of equality that is due to other individual things .
Given Zen ’s seeing as articulated above , one may raise the next question : how does Zen understand time and space ?
Are they significantly different from time and space as conceived by many other theories of time and space ?
In what follows , we will briefly provide how Zen understands “ here and now , ” “ zero - time and zero - space , ” and “ an integrated time and space . ”
In spite of , or rather because of , the above - mentioned experiential dimension of Zen-seeing , Zen insists that the Zen practitioner plant his or her feet in the everydayness of “ here and now . ”
In this respect , Zen philosophically advocates a position of “ not one , ” where “ one ” here means remaining in the state of meditative absorption .
Otherwise , it fears that if the practitioner remains in the stillness of meditation , while suspending judgment on action , it falls into one - sidedness , a source of prejudice and misunderstanding of reality .
How then does Zen understand “ here and now ” ?
In this connection , one may reasonably ask : “ how far and wide is ‘ here ’ and how long is ‘ now , ’ ” when Zen speaks of “ here and now . ”
Are they each limited by a present perceptual experience ?
In the case of “ now , ” for example , is it an internal phenomenon of consciousness that allows the practitioner to experience time sometimes as a “ memory ” ( or retention ) and some other times as “ anticipation ” ( or “ protention ” ) in the ever flowing stream of “ present ” ( e.g. , as described by St. Augustine , Husserl and Merleau - Ponty ) ?
And in the case of “ here , ” is it delimited by the practitioner ’s spatial range of perception within the sensory field , situating the Zen practitioner as the point of reference ?
( There is in both cases a suggestion of involvement of the autonomous activity of the unconscious , of which Zen demands we must stand outside . )
Zen ’s response to both of these questions is a resounding “ Yes ! ” and “ No ! ” however contradictory it may sound .
“ Yes , ” because the practitioner , while living , cannot depart from the “ here and now , ” because he or she is incarnate , in which case time and space is always experienced as “ here and now . ”
“ No , ” insofar as the perceptual model implies an ego - logical “ human , all too human ” stance ( Nietzsche ) with its attendant limitations , even though Zen does not exclude this model as long as it is not delimited by the dualistic , either - or ego - logical perspective .
In the everyday human world that is “ here and now , ” Zen maintains that “ riddhi and [ its ] wondrous activity all shoulder water and carry firewood ” where “ riddhi ” refers to a power that naturally becomes available to the practitioner through the practice of meditation .
Zen however thinks that the preceding is still a partial understanding of “ here and now . ”
To fully understand it , it is helpful to examine the following often - quoted phrase , as it is particularly illustrative .
Zen demands that the practitioner “ show one ’s original face before one ’s parents were born . ”
This demand points to an experiential dimension prior to the bifurcation between the subject and the object — and hence “ not two ” — where “ prior ” means negation of the spatial - temporal ordering principles such as in Kant ’s understanding of time and space as a priori forms of intuition .
It points to a non-dualistic experiential dimension that is zero - time and zero - space , by which Zen means that neither time nor space is a delimiting condition for Zen-seeing .
In zero - time there is no distinction between past , present , and future , or between “ before ” and “ after ” ; in zero - space there is no distinction between the whole and its parts .
One can also say that both time and space , experienced from the point - of - view of the everyday standpoint , is relativized when zero - time temporizes and zero - space spatializes , where zero time and zero space characterize the bottomless ground .
Accordingly , Zen contends that zero - time and zero - space are the natural and primordial being of all things including human beings , for they are all grounded in it .
Taking these points together , the Zen enlightenment experience suggests a leap from a causal temporal series .
Consequently , Zen contends that “ here and now ” is enfolded in both zero - time and zero - space .
This means that one time contains all times and one part contains the whole , as in the case of a holographic dry plate in which each part contains the whole .
( See the entry on Japanese Philosophy , Section 2.2 . )
Seen in this manner , “ now ” for the Zen person is a temporalization of zero - time , while “ here ” is equally a spatialization of zero - space , even though he or she may be anchored in the perceptual field of “ here and now ” as understood above .
In other words , for the Zen person both “ now ” and “ here ” are experienced as an expression of thing - events in their suchness , because , as mentioned in the foregoing , Zen takes zero- time and zero - space to be the original abode of thing - events .
Caution must be exercised here , however .
Zen ’s zero - time should not be confounded with the idea of eternity standing outside a temporal series ( Thomas Aquinas ’s or Newton ’s “ absolute time , ” for example ) by means of a logical or intellectual transcendence , nor should the zero - space be identified with a Newtonian - like “ absolute space ” wherein there is no content of experience .
In other words , Zen does not understand time and space by imposing a formal category on them , by presupposing in advance a form - matter distinction , which indicates an operation of the discursive mode of reasoning by appealing to the either - or , dualistic , and ego - logical epistemological structure .
Just as importantly , Zen maintains that time and space are lived as integrated space - time in the interfusion of a concrete temporalization and spatialization .
For example , Dōgen speaks of it as “ being - time ” ( u - ji ) to indicate their inseparability ; being cannot be apart from time , and time cannot be apart from being , where a being spatializes through the process of temporalization , and where it temporalizes through the process of spatialization .
This is a concrete spatialization - temporalization that is lived without any intellectual abstraction , reflecting the Buddhist position that everything , without exception , is impermanent .
Zen abhors an intellectual abstraction that merely thinks time and space .
This is because the Zen person rides on the rhythm of living nature .
That is , “ here and now ” is one experience ( and hence “ not two ” ) , and for this reason they should be designated as “ here - now . ”
In living this integrated , living space - time , Zen does not understand time to be a quantifiable ( the move prepared by Aristotle ’s understanding of time as the measurement between before and after ) and homogeneously punctuated unit ( i.e. , the clock time of natural science ) .
Nor does it conceive of it as a linear progression from past to future through the present , although it does not exclude them insofar as they are useful for everyday life .
The negation of the linear idea of time also includes the negation of the idea of time as symmetrical and reversible , because in the Zen experience of space - time , a teleological intentionality , an “ in order that , ” is absent .
Yet Zen does not accept time as a “ fleeting image of eternity ” ( as in Plato ) .
Zen understands time to be living .
According to Zen , theories of time built through conceptual abstraction are distanced and separate from the immediacy of “ here - now . ”
Space , too , is neither a container ( as with Newtown ’s “ absolute space ” ) nor an a priori limiting condition ( as in Kant ) , nor the place of displacement for the volume of an extended thing ( as in Aristotle ) .
Rather it is a living space .
Dōgen for example captures this sense of space as “ the bird flies the sky and the sky flies the bird . ”
In this statement Dōgen recognizes the independence of the sky and the bird , but also recognizes that the sky and the bird each become themselves only through their interdependence .
In other words , what makes this space a living space is the dynamic , interdependent , bilateral play of both bird and sky , from which the living space - time as the continuum of “ here - now ” emerges as an ambience , where each of the terms entering the relationship through the activity is granted a full recognition of their being .
This is because the Zen person lives the dynamic activity of non-dualistic “ coming - together ” of “ the two , ” whether this “ two ” happens to involve the “ betweenness ” of two individuals , individual and nature , or individual and trans - individual .
Given Zen ’s mode of seeing , which is non-dualistic in nature , occurring in zero - time and zero - space , one may ask how things appear to the Zen mind under these conditions .
We can interpret Zen ’s nondualistic experience epistemologically as that experience which arises from a nondiscriminatory state of meditational awareness .
To be more specific , nondiscriminatory awareness signifies that it is the foundational background , as articulated in the foregoing , that is bottomless or nothing , and as such does not participate in discriminatory activity .
However , when a thing appears , a discrimination occurs on this foundational , though bottomless , background .
Because it occurs on this foundation , it does not distort the shape of things to appear along with its force .
We have designated its activity as discernment vis-à - vis nondiscrimination .
It may also be characterized as nondiscriminatory discrimination , in order to capture a sense of how things appear in meditational awareness .
In such awareness no ego is posited either as an active or a passive agent in constituting the things of experience , as this awareness renders useless the active - passive scheme as an explanatory model .
This awareness lets a thing announce itself as a thing .
Therefore , it avoids , on one hand , the idealist position , including Husserl ’s intentionality model in which a thetic meaning - bestowing activity is assigned to the act of consciousness .
On the other hand , it also rejects the British empiricist ’s stance in which the epistemological subject is considered a passive tabula rasa upon which attributes are impressed .
These implications are suggested because Zen ’s nondiscriminatory / discriminatory awareness arises out of the state of no -ego in which no projection from the unconscious and no superimposition of intellectual ideas occur in the field of meditative awareness .
Moreover , because things are experientially “ constituted ” in this manner , we can interpret the epistemological structure of appearing to be such that things appear in the field of meditative awareness without presupposing Gestalt psychology ’s distinction between foreground and background .
This is because the ego is turned into nothing in the state of nondiscriminatory discriminatory awareness , and hence no - ego , where this nothing is paradoxically a background that is not the background at all , because it is a bottomless background .
To use Nishida ’s terminology again , the nondiscriminatory / discriminatory awareness is an act of “ seeing without being a seer . ”
Or , to use the terminology of phenomenology , the bottomless background or the background of nothing is the stance in which the noetic act is rendered nothing .
Accordingly , the noematic object is allowed to announce iteself without an intentional constitution by the latter .
This is the meaning of “ no projection ” and “ no superimposition ” mentioned above .
It consequently opens up a bottomless horizon , on which a noematic object announces itself in toto as a phenomenon .
This opening up simultaneously accompanies , as mentioned in the foregoing , a de-substantialization and de-ontologization of the things of experience , because there is no act of the ego that substantializes and ontologizes them ; substantialization and ontologization both arise as a consequense of anthropomorphic activity that is intricately tied to the discursive mode of reasoning .
Consequently , we are led to conclude that the things of experience announce themselves in toto without concealing anything behind them .
This is because there is nothing in the bottomless background to determine or delimit how things appear .
Zen uses such terms as “ suchness ” or “ thusness ” to designate it .
For example , Dōgen captures it by stating in “ the Buddha Nature ” fascicle that “ nothing is concealed in the universe . ”
In order to see how the above - mentioned structure of appearing operates under the conditions of zero - time and zero - space , we must capture a sense of a temporal - spatial awareness reflective of the nondualistic experience .
We previously discussed zero - time temporalizing and zero - space spatializing in which temporalization is spatialization and spatialization is temporalization , as in Dōgens theory of “ being - time , ” wherein there is no formal separation between the two .
Hence , neither time nor space is conceived to be a container .
Rather , they are expressions of things “ thing - ing ” the primordial mode of their being .
This thing - ing of things springs from zero - time and zero - space .
One must stand on ground zero to see the “ thing - ing ” of things where there is no temporalization and no spatialization of things .
If we are to stop at sketching what Zen- seeing is together with its understanding of time and space as an integrated space - time , there is the danger of fixing the stance thus “ obtained . ”
( Although we must keep in mind that Zen “ obtains ” the stance of “ not two ” in such a way that it cannot be obtained , for in the non-dualistic dimension nothing can be “ obtained . ” )
Zen recognizes at the same time that any stance that is fixed is one - sided and partial .
It will deprive Zen , for example , of an opportunity to utilize Zen-seeing in the actions of everyday life .
For this reason , Zen insists that the practitioner move to the stance of “ not one . ”
What then is Zen ’s stance of “ not one ” ?
This question affords the reader , for the purpose of the present article , to get a glimpse into Zen ’s movement from “ not two ” to “ not one , ” although in actuality this movement operates in a dynamic bilateral movement between them .
This movement is symbolized in Zen by a circle , an image of the whole , which is also an image of perfection .
Insofar as “ one ” is a negation of “ not two , ” “ not one ” then brings the Zen practitioner back to the everyday lifeworld , the world of multiplicity that is ordinarily constructed ego- logically and dualistically .
For the Zen person , the move from “ not two ” to “ not one ” is an issue of concretely instantiating in the everyday lifeworld what is experienced through the stance of “ not two . ”
This point , for example , is well illustrated in the following Zen dialogue between Zen Master Ungen ( Chin. Yúnyán , 780 –841 ) and a fellow practitioner , Dōgo ( Chin. , Dàowú ; 769–835 ) .
When Ungen is making a cup of tea , the dialogue runs as follows :
Dōgo :
To whom are you going to serve the tea you are preparing ?
Ungen :
There is the person who wants it .
Dōgo :
Ca n’t the person who wants it make the tea himself ?
Ungen : Fortunately , I am here to do it for him .
( Ueda , 1981 , 165–66 . )
This dialogue points to an activity of “ trans - individual qua the individual , ” where the “ trans - individual ” designates a Zen person with nondiscriminatory wisdom , while the “ individual ” designates those who remain in the everyday lifeworld .
( In the above quote , the former is designated by the phrase “ the person , ” while the latter by the pronoun “ you . ” )
However , in the everyday human lifeworld , the “ trans - individual ” cannot “ make the tea himself , ” because he is not incarnate like the individual who remains in the dualistic , either - or ego- logical , everyday standpoint .
This is because he or she is one who follows the non-dualistic , non-ego - logical standpoint having practically transcended the former .
This creates the dilemma of how to be trans - individual while assuming the form of an individual .
If this is not properly dealt with , Zen warns that it results in developing a pathological condition or a mana - personality .
For this reason , Ungen says “ fortunately ‘ I ’ am here to do it for him . ”
Here , Zen conceives of the relationship between the individual and the trans - individual as one , i.e. , “ not two , ” and yet they are “ not one . ”
Insofar as both the trans - individual and the individual refer to the same person ( in the above quote , “ I ” ) , they are “ not two , ” but insofar as their stances operate differently , they are “ not one ” ( “ I ” and “ him ” in the quote ) .
“ Both individual and trans - individual ” designates a harmonious assimilation of the two stances , a consequence of which is a person who can avail him or herself of both of these perspectives , i.e. , the dualistic world of the everyday life and the non-dualistic world of “ not two . ”
On the other hand , “ neither individual nor trans - individual ” refers to a person who cannot be pinned down or delimited by linguistic means .
In spite of , or because of this , such a person is a carrier of freedom who goes beyond these perspectives , i.e. , a person in whom the trans - individual and individual have disappeared in action , in which case the individual qua trans - individual is no longer ordinary , but extraordinary .
Yet , he or she is quite ordinary in appearance .
All of these points are synthesized into a Zen person .
How then does the Zen person , thus understood , live freedom ?
The term that Zen uses to express the idea of “ freedom ” is “ jiyū ” and it consists of two characters : “ ji ” meaning “ self on its own , ” while “ yū ” means “ out of . ”
When they are used together as a compound , the phrase as a whole designates an action arising out of self on its own .
This action then carries a sense of spontaneity , much like the spontaneous creative act of living nature .
This idea of freedom is foreign to the Western intellectual tradition , however .
For example , consider how freedom is defined by British empiricists like John Locke .
According to Locke , freedom ( or to be specific , liberty ) is defined as a lack or absence of external constraint .
According to this model , freedom is to express an ego - desire save in the name of will arising from an individual in “ the state of nature ” where and when there is no external constraint .
By contrast , because it arises out of the self on its own , where the self in Zen is a groundless ground that is nothing , Zen ’s free action is not delimited by ego - desire , because it arises out of nothing .
It “ kicks through the bottom of the bucket , ” that is , it purifies all the “ defilements ” interlaced with the activity of the ego - consciousness , as well as the personal and collective unconscious .
For this reason , there is no issue involved in the Zen person ’s action that addresses the will of ego - consciousness .
For what motivates the Zen person to action is a thrust he or she feels , surging from the creative source in the bottomless ground .
Moreover , the Zen person does not experience , as Nietzsche has it , “ bad - faith ” or “ self - deception ” when explaining a motivation for action as a rationalist would , because a rationalist must rationalize an irrational desire rooted in the body and the unconscious .
( See , for example , Nietzsche ’s Beyond Good and Evil . )
Does this mean then that the Zen person has eliminated the demand of instincts or desires ?
If they are eliminated , the Zen person would turn into a living corpse .
Such a person can perform no action , let alone a free action .
Obviously then , the Zen person does not eliminate them , but rather transforms them into “ non-defilements , ” into a higher spiritual energy .
We see a heightened spirituality upheld by Zen master Baso ( Chin. , Mäzū ; 709 –788 ) , which he insists to be concretely expressed in the everyday lifeworld .
He expresses it by phrasing it as “ the mind as it is is the way . ” ( Yanagita , 1974 , 147 . )
This statement , “ the mind as it is is the Way ” ( heijōshin kore michi ) is sometimes rendered in English as “ the everyday mind is the Way . ”
This rendition can be misleading if we ignore Baso ’s qualification that this “ everyday mind ” operates without defilements such that it is not “ [ entrenched in the samsāric cycle ] of birth and death , ” and moreover that it is not dominated by a teleological intentionality , i.e. , it negates the “ in order that . ”
Otherwise , there is a danger of interpreting Baso ’s statement as promoting an evil naturalism .
That is , whatever a person desires in the state of “ nature , ” i.e. , “ the everyday mind , ” is the expression of the Way .
There is no problem of a misinterpretation then , as long as Baso ’s “ everyday mind ” is understood to mean the mind which is freed from “ the samsāsric cycle of birth and death , ” and yet it is the mind which is concretely instantiated in the everydayness of a human everyday lifeworld .
Let us see how Baso ’s idea of “ the mind as it is is the Way ” is carried to a highly artistic action , whether it be a performance technique of martial artist , dancer , actor / actress or musician .
Takuan ’s reflection on this point is illuminating .
He speaks of a “ nondiscriminatory knowledge ” realized in action as “ immovable wisdom ” : “ It [ immovable wisdom ] moves as the mind is wont to move : forward or back , to the left , to the right , in the ten directions and to the eight points ; and the mind that does not stop at all is called immovable wisdom . ”
( Takuan , 1986 . )
Zen ’s free action is predicated on the fact that the mind “ does not stop at all , ” what Takuan paradoxically calls “ immovable wisdom . ”
Here one can discern an echo of Jinne ’s mirror analogy .
Takuan calls it “ immovable ” because the mind remains absolutely still ( i.e. , not two ) in the midst of action , like the stationary shaft of a top .
Such a mind does not fluctuate in its center , in the deep region of psyche .
In this state , because the mind moves in such a way that it does not dwell on anything , there is no obstruction for the mind to move freely .
Generally Zen describes the freedom of bodily movement as “ stillness in motion ” ( dōchū no sei ) and is contrasted with “ motion in stillness . ”
It is noteworthy that “ stillness in motion ” cannot accurately be analyzed by appealing to the active - passive scheme , which presupposes a dichotomy as a proper method for understanding .
However contradictory it may seem , this is a description of how Zen understands its freedom as expressed through an integrated mind and body .
In order for this sense of freedom to be embodied , however , Zen emphasizes that a performer of any kind repeatedly undergoes mind - body training .
Takuan calls this the “ body ’s learning , ” — that is the core meaning of self - cultivation — because in the “ body ’s learning , ” both the mind and the body are brought to action in one integrated whole .
( The “ body ’s learning , ” neurophysiologically speaking , is closely related to an activity of the cerebellum in conjunction with the hippocampus , although it is not only that . )
When a skill or performing technique is learned through this method , one ’s own body moves freely as it is habituated to move without waiting for a command from the mind .
This describes a freedom of action in a Zen person for whom the mind is completely assimilated into the object - body , while the body is equally rendered into the subject - body .
They are one .
At such a time , Takuan says , a spiritual life - energy of psychophysiological nature , called “ ki , ” permeates “ one ’s body ” — an energy that cannot be delineated by either the mind or the body ( Yuasa , 1993 ) .
In this connection , Zen also speaks of Zen ’s free action as a purposeless purpose , as an actionless action , for neither the purpose nor the action arises from the everyday consciousness which sets up a purpose or a goal for action .
Zen calls it “ samādhi- at - play , ” where there is no individual qua the trans - individual , but what there is is just “ play , ” for the Zen person is absorbed in the activity when engaging a thing of the everyday lifeworld .
In short , Zen freedom designates a term of achievement .
What Zen says about freedom of action has an implication for every action people perform in daily life , from the simple act of opening a door to the magnificent play of a great athlete or performer of any kind .
In them , Zen contends however , the spirituality of a performer must be expressed .
Zen extends an invitation to all of us to act in this way , so that our quality of life will be enhanced with a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment , free from stress and anxiety .
This article has articulated a Zen Philosophy , though as anti-philosophy , by thematizing such topics as “ overcoming dualism , ” “ Zen-seeing , ” “ Zen ’s understanding of time and space , ” “ Zen person , ” and “ Zen freedom , ” and in the process has noted a sense of the movement from “ not two ” to “ not one . ”
This was to indicate Zen ’s sense of achieving personhood .
Zen ’s methods of meditative practice are concrete ways for an individual to become a Zen person by awakening to the fundamental reality in the everyday human lifeworld .
In so doing , it teaches us to participate in the whole , and to express freedom in daily action , by showing one ’s “ original face ” right here - now and right in front of one ’s eyes .
In closing this entry , a cautionary remark is in order , however : all of the preceding accounts are simply a heuristic way of conceptually articulating Zen philosophy .
Or to use a Zen phrase , this conceptual articulation is only “ a finger pointing to the moon , ” where Zen insists that there should not be a confounding of the moon with a finger .
In Zen language , the moon metaphorically designates an experience of enlightenment and the finger a linguistic or reflective endeavor .
When AT&T first responded to the data retention questionnaire , a number of items were left unclear , including whether AT&T had been contacted by the Justice Department about data retention and whether their earlier answers applied to all their ISP offerings , from BellSouth to PacBell .
I followed up and their press person was kind enough to run down the answers .
They are after the jump , in full , and the spreadsheet has been updated yet again .
Remember though , Threat Level needs your help to get info , since a number of these ISPs are just ignoring our repeated and polite requests .
Find out how at this post , which includes a handy mp3 to entertain intreprid citizen journalists and ISP executives alike .
Original AT&T answers .
Does this policy also apply to Pacbell ?
Each of our previously provided answers apply to all of our internet service providers , including the former Pacbell .
How long does AT&T ( Bellsouth / Pacbell ) hold onto IP addresses ?
The AT&T internet service providers subsidiaries retain IP address information for varying periods , all of which fall within industry standards .
Has AT&T been contacted by the Justice Department about data retention ?
The DOJ has indicated publicly their desire to standardize retention periods and , as previously disclosed , AT&T has expressed that it is willing to discuss those issues on an industry - wide basis .
AT&T has not , however , altered any IP retention periods based on the DOJ 's statements and initiatives .
And finally , your statement makes clear that AT&T complies with legal processes , but the question was whether AT&T complies with requests from law enforcement or national security agencies that are not accompanied by a subpoena or other legal process ?
AT&T complies with requests from law enforcement or other governmental agencies only in accordance with the law , which may include legal process in the form of court orders , subpoenas or other legal or regulatory requirements .
A while back I wrote a toy Factor to Javascript compiler to use as an example in my Compilers and Interpreters post .
I ended up using a different example in that post so did n't do any further work on it .
Yuuki from #concatenative is writing a Factor tutorial and I thought it might be useful to put something online to try some of the examples so I decided to do more work on it .
The current work in progress is here .
Entering a simple Factor expression in the textarea and clicking ' submit ' will send the factor code to the server where it is compiled to Javascript .
The Javascript is returned to the browser and evaluated .
The compiled javascript is displayed as well as the current stack contents .
It 's pretty basic at the moment - it's more of a compiler from a stack based language with similar syntax to Factor rather than an actual Factor compiler .
I hope to expand on it though .
It can handle arrays , quotations , conditionals , some library words , some combinators and defining new words .
The built in functions are :
dup
drop
nip
over
+
-
*
/
.
call
map
reduce
clear
=
if
t
f
empty ?
Here are some examples you might like to try :
{ 1 2 3 } [ 2 * ] map { 1 2 3 } 0 [ + ] reduce " hello world ! " . : fac dup 1 = [ ] [ dup 1 - fac * ] if ; 5 fac . : product 1 [ * ] reduce ; { 2 3 4 } product 5 { 1 2 3 } [ over + ] map
I 'll add more words and functionality over soon , as well as trying some DOM and Ajax functionality .
Leave a comment if there 's a feature you 'd like to see !
Source code is in my repository and will be in the main Factor repository when Slava pulls from it .
Calling people faggot
" Best - selling right - wing author Ann Coulter , speaking to a conservative audience in Washington Friday , called former Sen. John Edwards , D - N.C. , a ‘ faggot ’ " , says the UPI news service .
No she did n't !
Let 's get straight on the difference between calling someone something and using conversational implicature to get people to think it for themselves .
As UPI immediately goes on to say :
Coulter was a featured speaker at the 34th annual Conservative Political Action Conference .
Following her prepared remarks , televised on C - Span , Coulter was asked to talk about Edwards .
" It turns out you have to go into rehab if you use the word ‘ faggot , ’ so I 'm kind of at an impasse — I can't really talk about Edwards , " she said .
She stated that use of a certain word ( which she mentions but does not use ) is now so destructive of one 's place in society that entering a rehabilitation facility is required afterwards ( the reference is to Isiah Washington ) , and therefore ( " so " ) she can't discuss Edwards .
The remark is clever , funny , and highly indirect , and it conversationally implicates that Edwards is a faggot but does not call him that .
( With regard to the law of libel , this is still defamatory — in defamation law conversational implicature is called " innuendo " ; but it does n't matter , because it was long ago established in American law [ New York Times vs. Sullivan ] that public figures simply can't win a lawsuit over such things , even when the defamatory allegation was false and irresponsible . )
I 'll bet the line got a huge laugh .
( I have n't viewed the video record .
If you think I 'm going to spend my evenings viewing videos of the Conservative Political Action Conference , then you have absolutely no idea of what my life is like . )
Let 's not fall into careless talk about Coulter 's language , then .
She never called John Edwards a faggot .
Not that she would n't : UPI notes that she is famous for having stated or implied that all sorts of Democrats are homosexuals — " including former Vice President Al Gore , former President Bill Clinton and Sen. Hillary Clinton ... "
But keep in mind that Coulter is not a serious commentator or writer .
She is a performance artist specializing in scurrilous allegations , slanderous insults , wild exaggerations .
Her stage act stresses the portrayal of Democrats as irrational , treasonous , blasphemous , Arab - loving , America - hating , chardonnay - swilling , cock - sucking faggots .
And " faggot " is purely an insulting term for her , like " sissy " or " nutcase " ; such words do carry certain lexical entailments ( " homosexual " for faggot , " effete , feminine , and cowardly " for sissy , " mentally ill " for nutcase ) , they are typically not used as descriptive terms .
Just as people call a bossy doctor 's receptionist a fascist , without meaning that she operates a totalitarian militarized corporate state under a charismatic political leader , Coulter does not seriously think she could maintain the truth of the descriptive claim that Edwards ' sexual desire is aroused exclusively by men .
She 's just implying that if she talked about him she would talk about him as a pansy , and she did it with a recently newsworthy taboo word just to be annoying and outrageous .
Coulter is quite a clever operator in her chosen sleazy profession of playing the role for the Christian right that Nancy Spungen played for the Sex Pistols .
To object to what she does suggests a tendency to confuse showbiz with the business of government .
Think of Coulter in a class with Sarah Silverman , Howard Stern , Sacha Baron Cohen , Andrew Dice Clay .
Their job is outrageous shock humor , not presentation of news analysis concerning the sexual lives of married Democratic politicians .
Get real .
She 's playing a game .
And it 's a game that anyone can play , of course .
By the way , a woman friend of mine in DC whose favorite color is lavender told me some really interesting things about Coulter , but I can't say a lot more .
I really can't risk using the phrase " pussy - licking wildcat " in the same sentence as her name without having to go into rehab .
Do n't ask , I can't tell .
Added later : I hear CPAC has come out denying that they " condone or endorse the use of hate speech " , but not exactly condemning Coulter .
This is perfectly reasonable .
She did n't in any way indulge in hate speech ( there is hate speech against gays on the web , and it's not hard to find , but she ain't it ) , so the disavowal is pointless ; and of course they are n't going to insult her after her appearance brought them so much visibility in the media .
Heck , it even got them a mention on Language Log .
They have hit the big time .
Ann Coulter is n't going to be invited to write for Language Log , though , because her writing is not only obnoxious but also obscure , and she thinks which is grammatically forbidden at the beginning of a restrictive relative clause , the silly bimbo .
( Oops .
Is bimbo hate speech ? )
Last update 10:45 am March 7th .
Posted by Geoffrey K. Pullum at March 6 , 2007 02:55 PM
The eDrugSearch blog has noted that Mia Heaston , the current Miss Illinois and one of the 2007 Miss USA hopefuls , is also a pharmaceutical industry representative .
If this link seems a bit too tenuous to be newsworthy , the blog also identifies two of last year ’s Miss USA contestants who were drug reps and identified no less than 16 professional cheerleaders who also work as reps for the pharmaceutical industry .
If you ’ve ever met a drug rep , you ’ll know they tend to be charming , aesthetically pleasing young people with free gifts and selected scientific publications to hand , which of course , suggest that the company ’s medication is the best treatment for any number of mental illnesses or assorted disorders .
In a classic 1983 paper Webster and Driskell reported that attractive people are generally thought to be more intelligent and more competent , including when judged on their likely performance on tasks completely unrelated to good looks , such as ‘ ability to pilot a plane ’ .
The use and perceived credibility of information provided by drug reps to doctors has been found to correlate with prescribing .
In other words , even apart from the sex appeal , attractive drug reps are likely to make the marketing information seem more convincing , which in turn leads leads to more doctors using the drugs .
So it ’s no surprise that one of the biggest industries on the planet is selectively recruiting some of the most attractive people to promote both their product and their product - supporting research .
No Free Lunch has an extensive list of peer - reviewed research on drug marketing that is an essential antidote and will help you judge their information more effectively .
Link to eDrugSearch blog on Miss USA drug reps ( via Furious Seasons ) .
Link to eDrugSearch blog on cheerleader drug reps .
Link to first page of classic Webster and Driskell paper .
EXPERTS SAY that sometime before the middle of this century , the Social Security trust fund will run out of money .
The demographic culprit is the estimated 70 million baby boomers who will leave the workforce in ever larger numbers , leaving behind fewer workers to pay the taxes necessary to keep the system afloat .
Coupled with expected increases in life expectancy , the Social Security Advisory Board estimates that , by 2050 , the ratio of workers to retirees will have declined from the current ratio of 4 to 1 to about 2 to 1 .
How can the number of taxpaying workers be increased , short of instituting a national fertility campaign ?
Create an immigration policy that links visa availability with future employment needs and targets potential immigrants entering their most productive -- and highest taxpaying -- years .
Current policy imposes numerous artificial limits ( preferences ) on classes of workers , limits that have little or no relationship to markets .
For example , the Department of Health and Human Services estimates that current demand for registered nurses exceeds supply by about 100,000 annually .
The department expects this shortage to increase tenfold , to almost 1 million annually , by 2020 .
Yet the quota for the H1 - C visa , which allows qualified nurses from other countries to work in the U.S. for up to three years , is set at a miserly 500 a year .
The cap is even state specific :
A state with a population greater than 9 million can have no more than 50 foreign nurses annually ; all others cannot exceed 25 .
Advertisement
Further , according to this month ’s State Department Visa Bulletin , the wait time for an employment - based permanent - resident visa for the skilled professional category ( which includes nurses ) is about five years .
If you have a family member overseas who would like to become a taxpaying American , the wait time can exceed more than 10 years , depending on familial relationship and country of emigration .
By the time a visa is issued , the recipient may be beyond his or her most productive years .
In fact , the Social Security Advisory Board calculates that the current median age of visa applicants is 55 .
This makes no sense .
The Department of Labor says that in addition to nurses and other healthcare workers , other fast - growing professional occupations are in computers , mathematics , education and library science .
These fall into the H1 - B visa category , with an annual effective cap of 58,200 .
Last year , that category reached its cap by August .
By raising the quotas on such visa professional categories as H1 - C to better correspond with future employment needs , Congress can also increase the pool of Social Security taxpayers at a time when the native - born workforce is shrinking .
For example , the Social Security Advisory Board estimates that the retirement system ’s deficit would be reduced by 5 % for each 250,000 increase in employed immigrants .
These changes in immigration policy alone will certainly not solve Social Security ’s future cash - flow problem .
But they could contribute to reducing the deficit while satisfying job markets created by an aging population .
Do you have family and friends that live far away from you ?
Have you ever wanted to give someone special something really unique ?
At TinyPocketPeople , we create an unique , personalized miniature you , based on your uploaded digital photograph .
Your TinyPocketPeople doll is customized by you , to create one of a kind gift .
TinyPocketPeople dolls are not mass produced .
They are individually hand crafted - each doll is wonderfully unique !
Unique personalized gifts are a great way to make your next occasion more memorable - whether you 're looking for personalized wedding gifts , baby gifts , birthday gifts , business gifts , or something special for an upcoming anniversary or graduation , you 'll find exactly what you need at TinyPocketPeople .
Personalized gifts are also perfect for when you just want to say - " I love you " .
Personalize your very own TinyPocketPeople doll .
Give them to family and friends or keep them for yourself !
It 's fun , quick and easy .
Just click the button below to get started !
As a System Administrator or home user , connecting to Windows Computers from Ubuntu with just file sharing is all that may be needed .
Other times , there is a need to remotely access Windows Computers to perform more complex tasks .
With Windows , you can easily connect to another Windows Computer running Terminal Services with a Terminal Server client .
On Ubuntu , you can also access any Windows Computer using tsclient .
tsclient is a GNOME program for remotely accessing Microsoft Windows NT/2000 /2003 Terminal Services and XP Remote Desktop Sharing over RDP ( Remote Desktop Protocol ) .
With Ubuntu , tsclient is installed by default .
To verify it is installed simply enter the following command in a Terminal window :
dpkg –get - selections | grep tsclient
If tsclient is installed you should see the output of the command as :
tsclient installed
If tsclient is not installed , you can install it by executing the following command from a Terminal window :
sudo apt - get install tsclient
Now that tsclient is installed , you can easily open tsclient by typing tsclient at the Terminal prompt ( yes it looks exactly as the Terminal Server client on Windows ! )
To quickly connect to a Windows Computer , just enter the hostname in the Computer field and click Connect at the bottom of tsclient .
Once connected you can logon to the Windows Computer as normal :
Just as you can save configuration settings on a Windows Terminal Server Client , the same can done with tsclient by setting options in the Dislpay , Local Resources , Programs , or Performance tabs .
Once the settings have been configured , you can save it as a file and open it when you need to connect to the server .
Once you have saved the settings to a file , you can quickly connect to a Windows Computer from a Terminal window instead of running tsclient from the GUI .
To see the tsclient command prompt options , type :
tsclient –help
tsclient [ OPTIONS ] … [ FILE ] …
FILE an rdp format file containing options
-h , –help display this help and exit
-v , –version output version information and exit
-x FILE launch rdesktop with options specified in FILE
While Dr. Soffritti's methods have drawn some criticism , the Ramazzini cancer lab , which is financed by private bank foundations , governments and 17,000 individual members , has earned considerable credibility since it was founded in 1971 for its pioneering research on chemicals .
It was the first research body to do studies showing that vinyl chloride and the gasoline additive methyl tertiary - butyl ether , or M.T.B.E. , are carcinogenic , research that eventually encouraged the United States to strictly regulate vinyl chloride and that led 21 states to ban M.T.B.E .
Dr. Soffritti said he was inspired to look at aspartame because of what he calls " inadequacies " in the cancer studies done by Searle in the 1970's .
He said that those studies did not involve large - enough numbers of rats and did not allow them to live long enough to develop cancer .
The Ramazzini study was conducted with 1,900 rats , as opposed to the 280 to 688 rodents used in Searle 's studies , and the rats lived for up to three years instead of being sacrificed after two , which is the human equivalent of age 53 .
" Cancer is a disease of the third part of life , " Dr. Soffritti said .
" You have 75 percent of cancer diagnoses for people who are 55 years old or older .
So if you truncate the experiments at 110 weeks and the rats are supposed to survive until 150 to 160 weeks , it means you avoid the development of cancer at the time when cancer would be starting to arise . "
Others have also challenged Searle 's studies .
Documents from the F.D.A. and records from the Federal Register indicate that , in the years before the F.D.A. approved aspartame , the agency had serious concerns about the accuracy and credibility of Searle 's aspartame studies .
From 1977 to 1985 -- during much of the approval process -- Searle was headed by Donald H. Rumsfeld , who is now the secretary of defense ; Searle was acquired by Monsanto in 1985 .
Monsanto later spun Searle 's assets out into two companies : Merisant , which owns the brands Equal and Canderel , and NutraSweet , which is owned by J. W. Childs Equity Partners , an investment firm in Boston .
A 1976 report from an F.D.A. task force , for example , found that Searle 's studies on aspartame and several of the company 's pharmaceutical drugs were " poorly conceived , carelessly executed , or inaccurately analyzed or reported . "
It cited what it called a lack of training by the scientists analyzing tissue samples , a " substantial " loss of information because of tissue decomposition and inadequate monitoring of feeding doses .
In response to the report , the F.D.A. asked the Justice Department to open a grand jury investigation into whether two of Searle 's aspartame studies had been falsified or were incomplete .
In a 33 - page letter in 1977 , Richard A. Merrill , the F.D.A. 's chief counsel at the time , recommended to Samuel K. Skinner , then the United States attorney for the Northern District of Illinois , that a grand jury investigate the company , which was based in the Chicago suburb of Skokie , for " concealing material facts and making false statements in reports of animal studies conducted to establish the safety of the drug Aldactone and the food additive aspartame . "
A grand jury was never convened , however .
Shortly after the letter was sent , Mr. Skinner left the Justice Department to join Sidley & Austin , a law firm that represented Searle .
After 12 years at that firm , now Sidley , Austin , Brown & Wood , Mr. Skinner was appointed to be President George H. W. Bush 's transportation secretary ; later he became his chief of staff .
In 1978 , a year and half after Mr. Skinner left the United States attorney 's office in Chicago , his deputy , William F. Conlon , also left to work at Sidley & Austin .
By Jonathan Head
BBC News , Naypyidaw
Journalists caught a rare glimpse of Burma 's military leader Than Shwe
The new city , called Naypyidaw , or Abode of Kings , is being built about 460 km ( 300 miles ) north of the old capital , Rangoon .
Until now few outsiders were allowed to go there , but the foreign media has been invited to the capital to watch the huge Armed Forces Day parade .
However , it is still not clear why the generals have moved here .
The rutted and overcrowded roads of Burma suddenly give way to smooth eight - lane motorways as you approach the new capital .
Naypyidaw is being built on a vast and extravagant scale in hundreds of square kilometres of tropical scrubland .
Shining new buildings rise out of tropical scrub like a mirage , separated by miles of broad highways and boulevards .
Hardline message
Everywhere there is construction going on , much of it being done by manual labour .
But even after two years all that has been finished are the ministry buildings , hotels and some clusters of pastel - coloured apartment blocks .
The apartments are being developed for all government employees , who were forced to uproot from the former capital Rangoon and move here a year - and - a - half ago .
There is reliable electricity and water .
But they complain that the city lacks shops and restaurants .
Many have refused to bring their families .
The military has built itself a fortress - like complex to the east .
This is where Burma 's reclusive leader , General Than Shwe , now lives .
This morning we had a rare glimpse of him reviewing thousands of parading troops on Armed Forces Day .
He appeared frail but delivered a familiar , hardline message warning the soldiers to be ever vigilant against foreign powers he said were bent on weakening the country - a reference to US and European pressure for democratic reform .
Secure in its remote new capital , the military still shows no signs of loosening its grip on Burma .
Collaborative research between scientists in the UK and USA has led to a major breakthrough in the understanding of antiferromagnets , published in this week 's Nature .
Scientists at the London Centre for Nanotechnology , the University of Chicago and the Center for Nanoscale Materials at Argonne National Laboratory have used x-rays to see the internal workings of antiferromagnets for the very first time .
Unlike conventional magnets , antiferromagnets ( such as the metal chromium ) are materials which exhibit ' secret ' magnetism , undetectable at a macroscopic level .
Instead , their magnetism is confined to very small regions where atoms behave as tiny magnets .
They spontaneously align themselves opposite to adjacent atoms , leaving the material magnetically neutral overall .
Professor Gabriel Aeppli , Director of the London Centre for Nanotechnology , said : " People have been familiar with ferromagnets for hundreds of years and they have countless everyday uses ; everything from driving electrical motors to storing information on hard disk drives .
We have n't been able to make the same strides with antiferromagnets because we were n't able to look inside them and see how they were ordered .
" This breakthrough takes our understanding of the internal dynamics of antiferromagnets to where we were ninety years ago with ferromagnets .
Once you can see something , it makes it that much easier to start engineering it . "
The magnetic characteristics of ferromagnets have been studied by scientists since Greek antiquity , enabling them to build up a detailed picture of the regions - or " magnetic domains " - into which they are divided .
However , antiferromagnets remained a mystery because their internal structure was too fine to be measured .
The internal order of antiferromagnets is on the same scale as the wavelength of x-rays ( below 10 nanometers ) .
The latest research used x-ray photon correlation spectroscopy to produce ' speckle ' patterns ; holograms which provide a unique ' fingerprint ' of a particular magnetic domain configuration .
Dr. Eric D. Isaacs , Director of the Center for Nanoscale Materials , said : " Since the discovery of x-rays over 100 years ago , it has been the dream of scientists and engineers to use them to make holographic images of moving objects , such as magnetic domains , at the nanoscale .
" This has only become possible in the last few years with the availability of sources of coherent x-rays , such as the Advanced Photon Source , and the future looks even brighter with the development of fully coherent x-ray sources called Free Electron Lasers over the next few years . "
In addition to producing the first antiferromagnet holograms , the research also showed that their magnetic domains shift over time , even at the lowest of temperatures .
The most likely explanation for this can be found in quantum mechanics and the experiments open the door to the future exploitation of antiferromagnets in emerging technologies such as quantum computing .
" The key finding of our research provides information on the stability of domain walls in antiferromagnets , " said Oleg Shpyrko , lead author on the publication and researcher at the Center for Nanoscale Materials .
" Understanding this is the first step towards engineering antiferromagnets into useful nanoscale devices that exploit it . "
Work at the London Centre for Nanotechnology was funded by a Royal Society Wolfson Research Merit Award and the Basic Technologies program of Research Councils UK .
Work at the Center for Nanoscale Materials and the Advanced Photon Source was supported by the DOE Office of Science , Office of Basic Energy Sciences .
The work at the University of Chicago was supported by the National Science Foundation .
The scientists , from Trinity College Dublin , have discovered that as many as one in 12 Irish men could be descended from Niall of the Nine Hostages , a 5th century warlord who headed the most powerful dynasty in ancient Ireland .
His genetic legacy is almost as impressive as that of Genghis Khan , the Mongol emperor who conquered most of Asia in the 13th century and has nearly 16 million descendants , Dan Bradley , who supervised the research , said .
" It 's another link between profligacy and power , " Dr Bradley told Reuters .
" We 're the first generation on the planet where if you 're successful you do n't [ always ] have more children . "
The research was carried out by PhD student Laoise Moore at the Smurfit institute of genetics at Trinity .
Ms Moore , testing the Y chromosome which is passed on from fathers to sons , examined DNA from 800 males across Ireland .
The results - published in the American Journal of Human Genetics - showed the highest concentration of related males in north - west Ireland , where one in five males had the same Y chromosome .
A similar study in central Asia had found 8 % of men with the same Y chromosome .
Subsequent studies found they shared the same chromosome as the dynasty linked to Genghis Khan .
The mismatch between “ Post - ABC News poll , those more tuned into the ‘ 08 race ” and the post - Republican Candidate debate online polls of ABC and MSNBC goes well beyond normal disparities between “ scientific ” polling and online polling .
Ron Paul leads all other candidates by a more than comfortable margin in the online polls and is hardly even considered a “ dark horse ” candidate by the offline “ scientific ” polls .
This is made even more interesting if , as has been reported here the MSNBC online poll prior to the debates had Ron Paul with only about 9 % vs its present 34 % .
Glib explanations that “ Ron Paul ’s supporters are internet addicts … ” , as have been advanced on neocon sites such as Freerepublic.com , while very unsatisfying , are at least better than the utter silence regarding the glaring disparity from the mainstream media whose own online polls so drastically depart from their “ scientific ” polls .
Moreover , at present it appears that FOX News is excluding Ron Paul from the upcoming South Carolina debate because :
“ the public is better served when serious candidates speak on the issues ”
One ca n’t help but entertain the possibility that perhaps some of the disparity is due to Ron Paul ’s consistent opposition to Neocon “ invade the world , invite the world ” policy that has taken hold of the mainstream media … that plus the fact that — rare among self - described “ libertarians ” — he does n’t seem very hypocritical when it comes to recognizing the asset known as national citizenship .
( His immigration report card is an astounding B +. )
A quantitative estimate of approximately how far off we can expect these online polls to be is called for …
MSNBC ’s online poll as of 4:30 PM :
ABC ’s online poll as of 4:30 PM :
Washington Post / ABC ’s offline “ scientific ” poll conducted prior to the debates :
Zink Imaging , a digital printing company , has a new and unbelievable printing method .
Unlike traditional printer , the device use special paper and does n’t need ink .
The paper layered by 3 type of micro - thin color : yellow , magenta , and cyan .
This new technology using temperature to burn out the paper pixel by pixel , different color has different temperature pulses , and controlled very precisely .
it ’s very innovative .
The company plan to provide this hand - held device for USA market at the end of this year , $ 200 for the printer and $ 20 for 100 peaces of paper .
WASHINGTON — A great gust of common sense has blown away the rhetoric that obscures the president ’s soft - on - polluters policy with slogans such as “ Clear Skies . ”
The Supreme Court decision demanding that the Environmental Protection Agency take steps to regulate emissions that are linked to global warming is a victory for Mother Earth .
And much , much more .
The high court issued another unequivocal reprimand to the Bush administration ’s ceaseless arguments that the president can ignore or circumvent any law of his choosing , and make up out of whole cloth an alternate set of rules .
The substance of the environmental case was simple :
The Bush administration , in its ideological war against regulation in general and its refusal to acknowledge the scientific evidence of global warming in particular , subverted the Clean Air Act by having the EPA abandon its mandate to treat certain auto emissions as air pollutants .
All the usual weasel words the administration uses when it wants to get its way — that there is some overarching presidential power to replace laws and congressional requirements with the political judgments it prefers — were swept away .
When Congress required the EPA to use its judgment in assessing the danger of air pollutants , Justice John Paul Stevens wrote for the court ’s 5 - 4 majority , it meant the judgment had to be applied based on facts about the public ’s health and welfare .
The agency ’s decisions , the court said , were to be made “ within defined statutory limits . ”
“ Put another way , ” Stevens wrote , “ the use of the word ‘ judgment ’ is not a roving license to ignore the statutory text . ”
There is nothing new about such roving adventures .
President Bush has undertaken them for the past six years .
He has asserted his right to exercise grossly excessive powers , including the power to imprison American citizens indefinitely and without charge ; to use abusive interrogation techniques that are barred by U.S. and international laws ; to eavesdrop on Americans ’ phone calls without a warrant .
Bush has issued hundreds of “ signing statements ” in which he approves legislation overall but singles out provisions he simply has decided not to obey .
Alleged terrorists are n’t the only targets .
According to research published by The Boston Globe last year , Bush has decreed that he wo n’t follow certain affirmative action rules , that he can order the Justice Department to withhold information from Congress , that he can tell a scientist not to give Congress the results of government - funded research .
Bush has declared that only he can decide whether certain government and contracting whistleblowers can provide information to Congress — despite an explicit congressional mandate that they come forward without fear of being fired .
Aziz Z. Huq , co-author with Frederick A.O. Schwarz Jr. of “ Unchecked and Unbalanced , ” a book that examines Bush ’s assertions of presidential power , says the White House even has ignored a 2002 law that requires it to disclose when it has refused to follow a statute because the president considered that law unconstitutional .
“ With very few exceptions , it ’s the job of the executive branch to take care that the laws are followed , ” Huq says .
“ In a wide variety of areas , what you ’ve seen is a resistance to doing that . ”
With respect to Bush ’s policy of detaining accused terrorists without charge or trial , the Supreme Court already has rebuked him twice .
But his disdain for the court appears to be undiminished .
After its EPA ruling , Bush effectively reiterated his intent to do little about global warming — he pointedly failed to say he would order the environmental agency to get moving .
Instead , the president rehashed an argument for inaction , saying that there must be international progress on climate change first .
This is an assertion the administration made in its legal arguments — and the Supreme Court had just explicitly rejected it .
The president ’s “ broad authority ” in foreign affairs , Stevens wrote , “ does not extend to the refusal to execute domestic laws . ”
We are left to address a political crisis that grows ever more bizarre .
Bush ’s contempt for Congress only has deepened since the Democrats won control of Capitol Hill .
His apparent disdain for Supreme Court rulings has been given less notice .
Ordinarily , a president with a habit of lawlessness would be impeached .
There is little political will for this , the nation having only recently endured an impeachment over the excruciatingly inconsequential offense of lying about sex .
Once the clock finally runs out on the Bush presidency , we may well uncover more affronts to the law and the Constitution .
And we will wonder , perhaps , why we let them go on .
Marie Cocco ’s e-mail address is mariecocco ( at symbol ) washpost.com .
Strange Russian kids playgrounds .
Here are some shots from kids playgrounds in Russia .
This one is to start .
It can symbolize some dragon but what are those bowls there on top ??
What ’s this device for ?
It also has a personality .
This is 100 % clear thing .
It ’s a copy of Moscow city Kremlin .
An example of highly fortified children playground .
The animal on the left is a bear , it ’s traditional , Russian beast .
The guy to the left looks like some Chineese or Japaneese samurai ?
There is also a sign on the background “ Dangerous Zone ” .
Is it because of this playground ?
These are swings with a mermaid .
The author thinks that kids should go natural and understand that mermaids do n’t wear swimsuits .
A lot of rude words inscripted on this pig .
Who might it be ?
There are a few possibilities – the wolf with a ball and the rabbit with a ball .
The third one – it ’s a wolf and rabbit in one .
This one is really scary .
But you can step inside .
Also the snow on this photo lays strangely .
There is an illusion that snow spreads from this monster .
That ’s one is a shy little thingie .
People say that this one was built to commemorate the rabbit who turned into wolf at midnights .
It can probably be related with the upper rabbit - wolf structure .
This white - blue thingie collects mushrooms and eats them probably , else how would you explain its unidentified specie and very pleased look .
Headless sculptures can teach kids that they should value their heads ?
The grown up from the left side is more than headless – it may show the trend that more you grow up the less body remains structured .
These are just nice .
WASHINGTON , March 12  D. Kyle Sampson has never worked full time as a federal prosecutor .
But for much of the Bush administration he played a considerable role in vetting who served in the Justice Department .
And last year he used his post as chief of staff to the attorney general to make a bid for a job as a United States attorney in Utah .
In many ways , until his resignation Monday , the rapid rise of Mr. Sampson , from a low - level aide on the Senate Judiciary Committee to one of the most senior advisers to Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales , is like that of many other young , ambitious lawyers who come to Washington with a passion for politics .
He arrived in Washington in 1999 , around his 30th birthday , with impeccable credentials  at least for a man his age  among religious conservatives .
A native of Utah and a Mormon , he had completed his undergraduate studies at Brigham Young University .
Mr. Sampson then followed the lead of Dallin H. Oaks , the former president of Brigham Young , by attending the University of Chicago for law school , another bastion of conservatism .
When President Bush was first elected , Mr. Sampson joined his transition team , helping screen nominees for judiciary or Justice Department jobs , said Taylor Oldroyd , a longtime friend .
Mr. Sampson had learned about the nomination process from 1999 to 2001 , when he worked for Senator Orrin G. Hatch , Republican of Utah , while he was chairman of the Judiciary Committee .
Statement of Ross C. “ Rocky ” Anderson , Mayor of Salt Lake City
Before the Washington State Senate
Governmental Operations Committee
March 1 , 2007
I am honored to address you today and am pleased that you , unlike so many members of Congress and most state legislatures , have recognized your solemn responsibility to examine whether proceedings should be commenced for the impeachment of the President of the United States .
Never before has there been such a compelling case for impeachment and removal from office of the president of the United States for heinous human rights violations , breaches of trust , abuses of power injurious to the nation , war crimes , misleading Congress and the American people about threats to our nation ’s security and the supposed case for war , and grave violations of treaties , the Constitution , and domestic statutory law .
( More )
I did contract work for three or four years before I finally threw in the towel .
It ’s a lot of work , and very frustrating at times .
I was very fortunate in that I never got screwed over , but many people have .
Here ’s my tips on the subject :
Everything must be in writing .
Especially the points in this list .
You do n’t need a contract ; just make sure things such as pay , deadlines , support , and features are written down for reference in the future during a dispute .
If you can get hourly pay where you bill them what you work , do it .
If you ca n’t get hourly pay ( 99 % of the time ) , take an entire extra day to think about how long the project will take in terms of hours .
Do n’t guesstimate – actually tally it up hour by hour , feature by feature .
Add in 10 % for the fact that you will have to break up the work over many days , slowing down your train of thought .
Add in another 30 % for bug fixes ( even if you already added it in , trust me ) .
Add in another 10 % for features they are going to toss after you ’ve already decided on a “ final ” version .
Do n’t tell them about any of this extra time you are calculating .
Demand that many hours paid for the project .
You will very likely still end up going over what you expect .
to think about how long the project will take in terms of hours .
Do n’t guesstimate – actually tally it up hour by hour , feature by feature .
Add in 10 % for the fact that you will have to break up the work over many days , slowing down your train of thought .
Add in another 30 % for bug fixes ( even if you already added it in , trust me ) .
Add in another 10 % for features they are going to toss after you ’ve already decided on a “ final ” version .
Do n’t tell them about any of this extra time you are calculating .
Demand that many hours paid for the project .
You will very likely still end up going over what you expect .
Now work forwards and figure out by what day you will have the project completed .
Add a week and round it forward to the nearest Tuesday and give them that day .
Trust me .
This gives you two extra weekends if you get caught up on something else .
If you are being paid a lump sum , be paid 1 / 2 up front with the rest , in writing , to be given on the date agreed ( the Tuesday mentioned ) .
Make sure you have their name and address in case you have to use the court system .
Remember that if they did n’t keep their end of the bargain and pay you what was agreed upon , they are committing intellectual property theft .
with the rest , in writing , to be given on the date agreed ( the Tuesday mentioned ) .
Make sure you have their name and address in case you have to use the court system .
Remember that if they did n’t keep their end of the bargain and pay you what was agreed upon , they are committing intellectual property theft .
Fight feature creep .
Agree , in writing , on what constitutes “ completion ” .
This requires a breakdown of all features and pages that must exist .
Make sure it is very detailed , and make THEM do this work since creating the specifications for what the product should do is not your job !
This will be the bible of your obligations to the other person .
If they “ forget ” something , that ’s not your problem .
You will live and die by this list , and it will determine when you can say you are finished .
Once you agreed on a price and start writing code this list is written in stone .
Make sure you make this clear to them up front .
Allowing them to add to this list is like letting them push back your pay day .
This is not to say I never throw in free features , but at least I made them aware that next time , I might charge them .
Agree , in writing , on what constitutes “ completion ” .
This requires a breakdown of all features and pages that must exist .
Make sure it is , and make THEM do this work since creating the specifications for what the product should do is not your job !
This will be the bible of your obligations to the other person .
If they “ forget ” something , that ’s not your problem .
You will live and die by this list , and it will determine when you can say you are finished .
Once you agreed on a price and start writing code this list is written in stone .
Make sure you make this clear to them up front .
Allowing them to add to this list is like letting them push back your pay day .
This is not to say I never throw in free features , but at least I made them aware that next time , I might charge them .
If they insist on adding a major deadline - altering feature that is not on your feature list , they have two options : pay you on the original date so long as the original pieces are done , or tack it on as an additional project after your second pay day .
The point here is that you want to make sure feature creep is as expensive to them as it is to you .
One “ little ” feature goes a long way in delaying a project if it happens 30 times .
This sort of talk will make them think long and hard before making you add in a new feature .
I always give this sort of warning up front , and my clients have been very good about refraining from wanting new features that they think of .
They ’ll even say , “ We can do it on the next version or something … ”
If you let your clients walk on you , that is your fault .
As for the rate to charge per hour , take your normal hourly salary that you get paid at your day job and multiply it by roughly two .
Because you have to worry about your own taxes , the income is not steady , and the project might take longer than you anticipate , this is a very standard thing to do .
Again , do n’t reveal how you arrived at this number .
Keep in mind that when you are first starting out , people will be weary of a high rate , so be sensitive to that when determining your price .
As a point of reference , I had a friend who had to pay a sys admin $ 300 for two hours of work .
Contract work is like that .
A programmer should charge anywhere from $ 20 / hr ( high school student ) and up .
If you have kept a job as a professional programmer for long enough not to be “ junior ” , charge no less than $ 45 an hour .
If you get a weird feeling that they ca n’t be trusted , do n’t do it .
Make it clear they are getting the code from you “ as is ” .
They will know what this means .
For your reference , it means you are not responsible for it breaking , being buggy , or not doing what they hoped .
As a courtesy , I usually provide free bug fixes and support for the first two weeks .
After that , I charge them hourly .
Of course , all of this is also mentioned up front .
Do n’t agree to make something you are n’t sure you can do in time .
If it ’s beyond your skills , tell them .
They will either find someone else , change the specs , or let you lower your rate in exchange for more time .
Things are always negotiable , but never agree until you know you have sufficient time .
If you are doing design work , agree up front on the number of “ drafts ” that will be reviewed before a final non-refundable revision is given .
A typical number of drafts is two .
I have used the “ draft ” concept with programming work as well .
This means presenting them with a half - working “ draft ” 3 / 4 of the way into the project .
This helps to ensure I create what they are expecting .
I usually allow for minimal improvements or suggestions to be made at this point , but if a big change is made , I always point back to the original document and ask that I be compensated for the new work .
Usually , you will find people just shout out cool features without thinking about if they are worth paying money for .
Putting it into perspective will always help in keeping feature bloat down .
Expect follow up support requests for months .
Code is never 100 % bug free .
Just as an example , I had people emailing me about support requests three years later because they wanted the email address on the site changed !
I only do free extended service when the bug is critical or due to my own oversight of the original specifications .
The rest , I ’m afraid , I ca n’t do for free .
Neither should you .
If you do it for free anyway , you ’re either a chump or a really nice person — they ’ll know the difference by this point .
Let ’s hope you do too .
Make the customer happy .
I know the above makes it sound like you ’re going to be a jerk to the customer , but in honesty , a customer will be happiest knowing all of the little details up front .
Keep an open and accommodating line of communication and I promise your clients will be pleased .
Remember that it ’s not about who - needs - who , but rather , it is a symbiotic relationship .
Bending the agreement in their favor ( doing touch up work for free ) is at your discretion , but always make sure they realize you ’re doing it because you are a nice person , not because you are obligated to .
Remember that they are n’t going to give you money just because you ask , just as they should n’t expect you to give them work for free .
Be prepared to get screwed if this is your first contract job .
If you do n’t know the ropes , you will underestimate the project difficulty , underestimate how often your client will change their mind , and miss your deadlines .
Additionally , many of the hardliner approaches I list here will be more difficult when you have zero experience to prove you are trustworthy .
On your first project , make sure you learn from your mistakes and be prepared to get stung a little .
It ’s normal .
I hope this helps !
Do n’t get scammed ( NEVER WORK FOR FREE ) !
In my new job at Mozilla I 've been working on adding offline support to Zimbra as a proof of concept of the new Firefox offline capabilities .
Zimbra is heavily ajax based and gives a good idea of how difficult or easy it is to convert an existing application to use the offline support .
For this first cut I made Zimbra work when the browser is in offline mode and provide the ability to browse the email folders , and view messages while offline that are held in the Inbox and Drafts folders .
The Firefox features used to enable offline operation were :
DOM Storage for storing emails and folder information .
DOM Storage is an implementation of a WHATWG specification .
Offline Cache .
A patch is available for Firefox that adds an offline cache specifically for web applications to store data ( like images , pages , etc ) that must be available while offline .
Items are loaded in the cache using a rel= " offline - resource " element on a < link > element .
JAR file Protocol .
Firefox accepts JAR protocol URLs .
These reference individual items in a JAR file and allow convenient bundling and caching of resources .
For example , to reference the file / core / AjxCore.js in the ajax .
jar file , the URL would be : jar :/ zimbra/js/ajax.jar!/core/AjxCore.js
Offline Events .
The browser has " offline " and " online " events that are triggered when the user chooses to go offline via the menu , or when network connectivity is lost .
I modified Zimbra to listen for these events and display a status indicator showing whether it is in offline or online mode .
A screencast shows me logging into Zimbra , viewing some emails , going offline , the offline / online indicator and the availability of the emails while offline .
It 's available here : http://www.bluishcoder.co.nz/offlinezimbra.
It 's the first screencast I 've out together so hopefully it comes out ok .
I used the excellent ' wink ' tool .
Last week at the United Nations , Hugo Chávez , the president of Venezuela , called President George W. Bush “ the devil ” and complained he could still smell the sulfur .
The reaction was immediate , visceral , and scary .
Even the president ’s most virulent enemies took umbrage .
Charles Rangel , a liberal democrat from Harlem , raged , “ You do n’t come into my country you do n’t come into my congressional district [ and ] condemn my president . ”
Congressman Rangel had probably never before called George Bush “ my president . ”
Nancy Pelosi , a staunch opponent of the president and leader of the House Democrats , called Chávez “ an everyday thug ” for calling the president “ the devil . ”
Besides a childish outburst of name - calling , what is going on and why does it matter ?
Rangel ’s terminology demonstrates what underlies these outbursts .
One of the basic human instincts is to rally around the clan when it is attacked .
No doubt such a reaction was vital to protecting the tribe when it was vulnerable to aggression from outsiders .
Consequently , when Americans heard their leader being described in as Lucifer , their reaction was to come to his defense and attack the attacker .
This is important because it describes vividly what is wrong with George W. Bush ’s foreign policy .
His approach to other countries is summed up in his famous axiom , “ you are either with us or against us . ”
Those countries he thought the worst he infamously described as the “ axis of evil . ”
Rather than sit down and talk with those regimes , he enunciated a policy of “ regime change . ”
Apparently , he believed that when we invaded Iraq , we would be welcomed .
Although Saddam Hussein had many enemies both within and without Iraq , his countrymen and women rallied around him and his colleagues when he was attacked , just as Rangel and Pelosi came to the aid of our president .
Besides labeling Iran as a member of the axis of evil , Bush recently called the president of Iran , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , a tyrant .
No doubt that increased support for Ahmadinejad in Iran .
In addition , the U.S. government ’s threat of sanctions against Iran because of its nuclear activities has also strengthened its rulers .
Threats , name - calling , belligerent behavior  all strengthen the will of those attacked .
For over half a century , the U.S. has been threatening Cuba : we have imposed an embargo and limited financial dealings with that island , all in an effort to overthrow Fidel Castro .
As we know , all of this has failed , and he remains as popular as ever , even with a failing economy , which he blames on our embargo .
The real reason for the decrepit Cuban economy is the failure of communism everywhere to produce prosperity and economic growth .
Cuba has been no exception .
The U.S. sanctions give Castro a wonderful excuse for his failed economic system .
Embargoes and sanctions almost never work .
Usually one or more countries are willing to ignore the strictures on selling and buying from the offender .
The U.S. has had sanctions against Iran for decades without any appreciable effect , except that their commercial planes are dangerous because we refuse to sell them spare parts .
Iraq was subject to sanctions approved by the UN , yet Saddam Hussein lived well .
The hardship inflicted on the Iraqi people failed to generate any significant opposition to the Sunni-led government .
Only in South Africa have sanctions worked .
Sanctions probably worked because many in the white minority government traced their roots to the UK and were troubled by the loss of the relationship with their mother country .
In addition , it seems likely that many whites felt guilty about their treatment of blacks .
It was helpful that most of the world participated in the ostracism , although some nations did ignore the embargo .
Whatever the causes , South Africa counts as an exception to the rule that sanctions do n’t work .
Our threats to North Korea have also been counterproductive .
George Bush has opined , “ I loathe Kim Jong II , ” and has called Kim a pygmy .
North Korea ’s inclusion in the axis of evil made the leaders of that backward , Stalinist country very angry .
Unlike Iran or Iraq , neither of which ever threatened the U.S. , that country has ignored our sanctions and continues to pursue a goal of nuclear weapons with long - range rockets capable of crossing the Pacific .
In a speech to the UN General Assembly , the deputy foreign minister of North Korea declared that the financial sanctions , imposed shortly after the issuance of a joint statement at the six-nation talks on the North ’s nuclear program , convinced Pyongyang that it was pointless to continue the negotiations .
The belligerency projected by our government has only raised the anger of other peoples and contributed to strengthening the governments to which we object .
It now turns out that Pakistan cooperated with the United States only because the State Department threatened secretly to “ bomb that country back to the Stone Age . ”
Yet Pakistan ’s cooperation , which President Bush has praised , has not led to the capture of Osama bin Laden .
The madrassas in that nuclear - weapon state still teach hatred of the West .
It is also clear that Pakistan ’s president , Pervez Musharraf , is disgruntled with his role .
He has written a memoir in which he justifies his actions as necessary to avoid U.S. aggression .
At the same time , however , Pakistan was selling nuclear technology to North Korea .
Nevertheless , after we threatened Pakistan , Musharraf did cooperate with the so - called War on Terror .
We never threatened him publicly .
Most Pakistanis were unaware that the U.S. had bullied their leaders with the threat to unleash our Air Force on them if they failed to cooperate .
Had we made the warning public , it is unlikely that we would have gotten the cooperation that we did .
A public threat would have produced strong support for the government and opposition to the U.S .
Why did this administration use secrecy in the case of Pakistan but not in dealing with Syria , Iraq , Iran , and North Korea ?
If you plan to make war on a country , demonizing their leaders builds domestic support for the military action .
If you have no intention of taking action against the country , quiet diplomacy makes sense .
Even secret coercion , however , as in the case of Pakistan , can come back and bite you or , as the CIA says , produce “ blowback . ”
Public threats make poor allies .
Does this imply that all the countries in the axis of evil are slated for regime change ?
With our troops tied down in Iraq and Afghanistan , only air attacks are now feasible .
By publicly threatening these countries , the administration has made any diplomatic solution very difficult if not impossible , leaving them with only force as a way out  a disastrous solution .
Pelosi pressed to put impeachment back on table Michael Roston
Published : Wednesday April 25 , 2007 Print This Email This
When the California Democratic Convention begins this weekend , party progressives both inside and outside the San Diego Convention Center will be pressing hard to bring impeachment back on the table as a means of holding the presidency of George W. Bush accountable for crimes they allege have been committed since 2001 .
" I 've been blown away by the response .
People are wanting to organize and rally behind one single thing at the convention , and that 's impeachment , " said Joye Swan of the Progressive Caucus of the California Democratic Party , who is helping lead an effort to pass a resolution expressing the California Democratic Party 's support for impeaching President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
But the fight will be complicated by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's unwillingness to hear their message and the encouragement that her stance may give opponents of the impeachment measure within the California Democratic Party leadership .
Pro-impeachment actions planned The 2007 California Democratic Convention kicks off on Friday , and its agenda shows there is a lot of ground to cover .
But a significant number of activists are eager to make the impeachment of the President a focal point of activity .
" Be it Resolved , that George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney , by such conduct , warrant impeachment and trial , and removal from office and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor , trust or profit under the United States , " reads a resolution that Swan , a Democratic delegate from California 's 42nd Assembly District in Los Angeles , will introduce , with the hopes it will be adopted as the party 's position .
[ The full resolution is available at the end of this article . ]
" Of all issues that we need to address , whether it 's the war , health care , or clean money , impeachment was the one thing that the blogosphere and activist networks seem to have rallied around , " Swan explained to RAW STORY .
" So it 's not going to be a boring convention , and I 'm really looking forward to it . "
But the promotion of impeachment wo n't be confined to paper resolutions and indoor politicking .
" We also have an outside strategy , with a human sign spelling out ' IMPEACH ' on the beach at the state park about 15 - 20 minutes from the convention center , and then we 'll come to Martin Luther King Park , directly across the street from the convention center , and we 'll have a rally there as well , " said Matthew Gerbasi , the Impeachment Working Group Coordinator at the Progressive Democrats of America , who is helping to organize the rallies .
Gerbasi 's actions will be part of a national day of action on impeachment scheduled for this Saturday , April 28 .
The week 's pro-impeachment activities were kicked off with Rep. Dennis Kucinich 's filing of Articles of Impeachment against Vice President Cheney in a Washington , DC press conference on Tuesday afternoon .
Changing Pelosi's mind a key , and difficult task The California Progressives are particularly concerned with persuading Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) , the Speaker of the House of Representatives , to reverse her earlier position that impeachment was " off the table . "
" With the Speaker saying it's off the table , it puts others Members of Congress at a lower tier , " Gerbasi argued .
" There are some representatives inching toward impeachment , but they may not commit until Pelosi changes her mind and puts it back on the table . "
Pelosi first told her party that she opposed impeaching President Bush in a May 2006 caucus meeting .
To persuade Pelosi to change her position , Swan said , progressives at the convention intend to shadow the Speaker with their concerns throughout the weekend .
" She 's either going to have to very publicly ignore it , or address the elephant in the room , " Swan explained .
" I 'll be curious to see what happens at the dinner , which Pelosi is hosting ; there are certain plans of action that will bring impeachment public while she 's up speaking , and it will be interesting to see if she addresses it . "
But Swan and her fellow Progressives ' plans could be disrupted .
The Saturday funeral of Rep. Juanita Millender - McDonald , the California Democrat who passed away last weekend , could mean that Pelosi will miss much of the state party convention on Saturday , as she told RAW STORY in a conference call on Tuesday .
But even if Pelosi does attend the convention , Progressives wo n't find the Speaker any more receptive to impeaching the President than she was a year ago .
" I totally oppose the impeachment of the President , " she explained to RAW STORY on Tuesday .
" We have to use our energies to end this war .
I do n't think the popular support is there for such a move , I do n't think we can get any Republican votes to move forward . "
Pelosi added , " In some ways , it 's a wonderful advocacy piece for those who want to use it outside , to express rejection of the President 's policies , but from the standpoint of the time of the Congress of the United States , the American people are with us in ending the war and that 's what they want us to do . "
She also cast the decision not to impeach as having national electoral implications for the Democratic Party , suggesting that President Bush " is not worth it . "
" We will do more to make for our own reelection , and maintain a Democratic Congress ... and have a Democratic President , " she said .
" And frankly , for impeachment , George W. Bush is just not worth it .
We have great work to do for the American people . "
State Democratic leaders agree with Pelosi Leadership from the California Democratic Party appeared to agree with the Speaker that the state convention had better things to do than promote impeachment of the president or vice president .
" Our delegates are focused on one thing : impeaching President Bush and the Republicans on November 4 , 2008 , " said Bob Mulholland , the Campaign Director of the California Democratic Party .
" This weekend , you will hear from a party that 's going to do that .
The only way to get out of Iraq is to elect a Democrat in the White House , and anybody who gets in the way of that is part of the Bush - Cheney - Rove population . "
Mulholland was unwilling to say to RAW STORY outright whether or not the Progressive Democrat - sponsored resolution would be blocked .
But he did say , with some derision , that it was not necessary .
" We 're not living in a nursing home , so we try not to repeat ourselves , " Mulholland said , arguing that an impeachment motion had been passed last year .
" The Resolutions Committee 's job is to introduce new things , it can reaffirm the one we passed last year , we were way ahead of everybody else when we passed it last year . "
Mulholland was referring to resolution he later sent to RAW STORY that was passed by the Executive Board of the California Democratic Party in January 2006 , " calling for full investigation into possible abuses of power by President George W. Bush and calling for appropriate remedies for such abuse . "
Facially , the motion Mulholland referred to differed from the measure sought by Swan and her collaborators this year .
While the 2006 measure called for an investigation of abuses , and subsequently for " the appropriate remedy and punishment , including impeachment , to be identified and followed to its conclusion , " Swan 's resolution is more strident .
Indeed , the motion she will introduce seeks directly to encourage the California State Legislature to petition the US Congress to initiate impeachment proceedings .
Gerbasi said it was important for the resolution to be passed in this way .
" What we 're doing now is writing a resolution that will become what the party stands for for the next two years , " he said .
Swan admitted that a similar action could be undertaken now , but it was hard to find California legislators willing to go out on a limb and endorse it .
" We had Paul Koretz , the legislator who introduced Articles of Impeachment in the state legislature previously .
In the past year , we 've been trying to get someone else to re-introduce them , but everyone just says ' I 'd be happy to be a co-sponsor , " Swan explained .
But it was obvious she was looking forward to the challenge of successfully putting impeachment on the agenda of California Democrats .
" The resolution may pass right out of the committee , because that way they can quietly shuffle it into the proceedings of the convention , and not have it stand out too much .
But maybe I give them too much credit , " she said , before concluding " It actually is probably best for us if it gets rejected by the committee because I think we will win the floor vote .
We represent pretty close to a plurality of all the delegates . "
A draft version of the proposed impeachment resolution is included below .
# Resolution to Impeach Bush & Cheney WHEREAS , George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney have acted in a manner contrary to their trust as President and Vice President , subversive of constitutional government to the great prejudice of the cause of law and justice , and to the manifest injury of the people of California and the United States of America , by intentionally disseminating and propagating knowingly false and fabricated evidence  regarding the threat from Iraq in order to wage an illegal war against a sovereign nation in violation of Title 18 United States Code , Section 371 ; and WHEREAS , George W. Bush further acted to strip American citizens of their constitutional rights in violation of the 4th Amendment to the US Constitution , by ordering the National Security Agency to conduct electronic surveillance of American civilians without seeking warrants from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review , duly constituted by Congress in 1978 , in violation of Title 50 United States Code , Section 1805 ; and , by suspending or denying the rights guaranteed by the Writ of Habeas Corpus by ordering infinite detention without access to legal counsel , without charge and without the opportunity to appear before a civil judicial officer to challenge the detention , based solely on the discretionary designation by the President of a US citizen as an enemy combatant ,  all in subversion of law ; and WHEREAS , George W. Bush , in violation of the US Constitution Article I Section 1 , overstepped his legal authority by the use of signing statements used to ignore or circumvent portions of over 750 Congressional statutes he brought into law , including an amendment to the 2006 Defense Appropriations bill outlawing the use of cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment of prisoners in custody of the United States , thereby conspiring with Richard B. Cheney to commit torture of prisoners in violation of the  Federal Torture Act Title 18 United States Code , Section 113C , the UN Torture Convention and the Geneva Convention , which under Article VI of the Constitution are part of the supreme Law of the Land ; therefore , BE IT RESOLVED that George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney , by such conduct , warrant impeachment and trial , and removal from office and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor , trust or profit under the United States ; and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the California Democratic Party commit to move the Legislature of the State of California to act under Section LIII , Section 603 of the Jefferson Manual and the Hinds Precedents , which allow impeachment to be set in motion by charges transmitted from the legislature of a state ; and that the State Legislature , having acted through resolution to cause to be instituted in the Congress of the United States , in concert with their oath of office to defend the United States Constitution , proper proceedings for the investigation of the allegations against George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney , shall then transmit a copy of this resolution and its adoption by the Legislature to the Speaker of the House of Representatives , under the great seal of the State of California , marked with the word  Petition at the top of the document and containing the authorizing signature of the Secretary of State ; and that the Speaker of the House of Representatives , in conjunction with the Constitutional duty granted the office , shall route the petition to the House Judiciary Committee for consideration .
Submitted by D. Joye Swan , 42nd AD Delegate
Come on and get your custom tents ready for the spring and summer now .
Most people just use screen houses for protection but using a custom canopy or tent would be much cooler !
If you want to cover your vehicles you will need to get portable garages to make things better .
If you want to cover your windows and doors , be sure to get window awnings for that .
This site is now permanently closed .
If you would like to purchase this domain , please contact Neo Era Media .
Last updated at 10:17 07 May 2007
It was a sea of flesh almost as far as the eye could see , as 18,000 people stripped off and stood around stark naked .
The hordes bared all for photographer Spencer Tunick 's biggest nude project so far .
The US artist 's stunt in Mexico City dwarfed his previous record , when 7,000 people stripped off to be photographed in Barcelona .
Scroll down for more
Standing up to salute , crouching in fetal positions and lying prone on the tiles of the Zocalo plaza , the volunteers formed a sea of flesh that Tunick snapped from balconies and a small crane in the morning light .
Tunick claimed his work showed the world the human body was something to be celebrated .
" What a moment for the Mexican art scene , " he asid .
" I think all eyes are looking south from the United States to Mexico City to see how a country can be free and treat the naked body as art .
Not as pornography or as a crime , but with happiness and caring . "
The Brooklyn artist has become famous for photographing thousands of naked people in public settings worldwide , from London and Vienna to Buenos Aires and Buffalo .
" I just create shapes and forms with human bodies .
It 's an abstraction , it 's a performance , it 's an installation , " Tunick said .
" I do n't care how many people showed up .
All I know is that I filled up my space . "
The Zocalo measures 17,500 square metres .
Men and women from a broad cross section of ages and social classes began arriving before dawn , although most volunteers were young men .
" The important thing is not that it 's your body or someone else 's but that you participate in something as a society , " said Oscar Roman Munoz , a 25 - year - old engineer .
" This reflects the need for change and integration in world trends . "
For Tunick 's first photo , the models stood upright and gave a military - like salute to their national flag .
In another , they lay down to form a blanket of flesh around a naked man in a wheelchair .
Between shots , they burst out into verses of Mexican folk songs .
Public nudity is hardly a novelty in Mexico City , where protesters often march through the streets wearing only their underwear or nothing at all .
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . --
A Massachusetts Institute of Technology researcher has discovered that for at least the last 1.5 million years , the Earth has undergone rapid and dramatic climate changes similar to those observed in ice cores from more recent times .
These climate swings are so dramatic that if we lived through one today , it would be like New England taking on Miami - like weather within a 25 - year period .
" Ten years ago , we had no idea that climate could change this quickly , " said Maureen E. Raymo , associate professor of Earth , Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences at MIT .
Publishing their results for the first time in today 's ( April 16 ) issue of Nature , Raymo and her colleagues at MIT and at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute report that millennial - scale climate instabilities -- swings of as much as 10 degrees Celsius within a few decades -- are not restricted to the large glacial periods of the last 700,000 years but existed much further back in time .
For the last five years , a cutting - edge initiative in climate studies has been the search for understanding of millennial - scale climate instabilities .
These rapid , large - amplitude climate fluctuations were first identified in ice cores in Greenland and later in ocean sediment cores around the world .
While other researchers have focused on the geologic record of the past 120,000 years , Raymo and a handful of colleagues have undertaken the far more ambitious effort of looking at climate trends as far back as 1.5 million years ago , at the dawn of mankind .
Their work has turned up some unexpected results .
" Our results suggest that such millennial - scale climate instability may be a pervasive and long - term characteristic of Earth 's climate , rather than just a feature of the strong glacial - interglacial cycles of the past 800,000 years , " the authors wrote .
Raymo and her colleagues , including MIT graduate student Susan Carter and research technician Kristen Ganley , also show that these climate changes are tied to changes in the conveyor - like circulation of ocean waters that delivers tropical heat to the northern Atlantic in surface currents while exporting salt - heavy deep waters cooled by Greenland 's winds to the south .
But while scientists know that climate changes are linked to the changes in the ocean circulation and heat transfer , they do n't know what causes these climate and circulation variations in the first place .
The most dramatic instabilities tend to be triggered during the cooler Ice Age periods , most recently the period from about 100,000 years ago to about 10,000 years ago .
" We 're living at the end of an unusually stable period , " Raymo said .
After more than 8,000 years of warmth , we 're about due for a cooling phase , " but all bets are off because of global warming from the buildup of carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , " she said .
To study these climate changes , Raymo retrieved previously untouched sediments from far below the ocean floor , where deep - water currents sweeping down from Greenland have caused sediment to accumulate at unusually high rates for millions of years .
By analyzing the composition and chemical structure of fossils in these sediments , Raymo , a marine geologist and paleoceanographer , reconstructs past conditions on the Earth .
During a 1995 deep - sea drilling expedition -- two months at sea aboard the JOIDES Resolution , a former British Petroleum oil - drilling rig-- Raymo , leading a team of 24 international scientists , broke the world record for the most sediment recovered in a single ocean - drilling expedition .
And although these sediments have provided a multitude of clues about climate variations over the millennia , scientists remain at a loss to explain why parts of the planet have swung from ice age to warm stage and back again .
Is it due to external forces such as variations in the output of the sun or internal oscillations caused by instability in the distribution of salt and heat within the ocean ?
" What causes climate variations on this time scale is a black box for scientists right now , " Raymo said .
Na spletu sta se v zadnjih letih – nekako na pogorišču forumov in ob boku fenomena OhmyNews – uveljavila dva tipa medijev1 : blog in wiki .
Mnogi so med obema konceptoma že izbrali in zagovarjajo svojega , a velja kljub temu opozoriti na prednosti oziroma slabosti vsakega od njiju : medtem ko je blog zgodba posameznika , je wiki zgodba , ki jo pripoveduje skupnost .
Blog : avtor in čas
Uspeh blogov vidim ravno v tem , da postavljajo v središče avtorja in njegovo osebnost .
Koncept bloga skozi to , da avtorju zagotavlja popolno uredniško svobodo in razvijanje lastnega stila , na nek način omogoča predstavitev oziroma ustvarjanje “ kiberosebnosti ” posameznika .
In kljub temu , da je lahko ta osebnost popolnoma neresnična , gre za zelo individualizirano vsebino , do katere se lahko ostali – prav tako individualizirani posamezniki – skozi komentarje kvečjemu opredeljujejo .
Ne morejo pa v to vsebino posegati , je spreminjati .
Poleg fokusiranja na osebnosti , pomembno vlogo igra tudi kumulacija znanja , ki se vrši skozi zaporedno nizanje zapisov v času2 .
Vsak zapis je posnetek [ snapshot ] določenega trenutka in ima najpogosteje že ob objavi polno vrednost .
Vse “ nadgradnje ” pa potekajo bodisi skozi linearno nizanje komentarjev v debati , ki sledi , ali pa skozi – spet linearno – nizanje novih zapisov .
A tako kot sta izpostavljanje avtorja in časovno nizanje zapisov , prednosti , sta to hkrati tudi slabosti koncepta .
Postavljanje avtorja v ospredje pri vsakem zapisu – kar se na blogih nehote zgodi skoraj vedno – za kompetenco “ medija ” ni ravno najbolj koristno .
Bralci v medijih še vedno iščemo vsaj navidezno objektivnost .
Občutek torej , ki ga blogi v svoji subjektivnosti niso sposobni nuditi .
Če ne verjamete , se vprašajte , zakaj revije niso sestavljene prete žno iz kolumn .
Ali pa poiščite v tem dejstvu odgovor , zakaj vam je šel Marko Crnkovič na zadnji strani Dela – bolj ko ste ga brali – na živce … sicer ne vedno , pa vendar .
No , linearnost na drugi strani pa povzroča , da so zapisi na blogih precej minljivi .
Spomnite se samo , kdaj ste nazadnje na kakšnem blogu prebrali vsaj pet zapisov iz arhiva .
Ste ?!
Skupaj z vsemi komentarji ?
Wiki : skupnost in téma
Wiki za razliko od bloga v ospredje postavi temo pogovora .
S tem , ko sistem omogoča , da kdorkoli poseže v vsebino , se izgublja osebnostna nota , a se vsebina po principu “ več glav več ve ” širi na področja , o katerih prvi avtor morda ne ve nič .
Posebnosti posameznika se žrtvuje za kumulacijo znanja , ki ni linearna , ampak kontekstualna .
Vse to pa na način , ki ga je sposobna uresničevati samo skupnost posameznikov .
V tem procesu se obrusijo skrajnosti in vsebina , ki nastane , predstavlja ( v idealnem primeru ) konsenz skupnosti o določeni temi .
Izgubljanje skrajnosti pa ni vedno dobra stvar , saj se je že večkrat pokazalo , da je izjemnost odraz skrajnosti in ne povprečja .
Med pomanjkljivosti wiki modela sodi tudi izgubljanje avtorstva ( osebnostne note ) , saj to ne vpliva samo na negativno percepcijo pri avtorjih , ki niso naklonjeni izgubljanja lastne individualnosti v brezosebni masi , ampak postavlja izzive tudi pred tiste , ki se ukvarjajo z urejanjem avtorskih pravic .
Da o tem , kako Wikipedia še vedno ni uspela razrešiti problema diktature ( nevedne ) večine , sploh ne govorim .
O tem , kako višje vrednotiti informacije , ki jih prispevajo bolj kompetenti avtorji , sem namreč že pisal v zapisu Kaj je z mojo identiteto .
Gre pa za zgodbo Jarona Lanierja , ki je moral na Wikipedii večkrat zapored popravljati napačne podatke o sebi ( ! ) .
Sistem je namreč enako obravnaval njegov “ glas ” kot glas kateregakoli drugega internavta .
Razlike
Opomba : Spodnja razmejitev ne zajame vse možnih različic enega ali drugega modela , ampak je poenostavljen pregled splošnih značilnosti .
BLOG WIKI linearno nizanje zapisov ( ključen je čas ) spreminjanje zapisa ( ključna je téma , predmet ) avtor : posameznik avtor : skupnost oblika : kolumna ( avtorjevo stališče ) oblika : članek ( “ dejstva ” o predmetu oz . temi ) rezultat : prispevek ( s komentarji ) rezultat : zaključen dokument ( s komentarji ) predstavitev mnenj ( pot ) doseganje konsenza ( cilj ) Slabosti : verbalno nasilje v komentarjih [ flaming ]
nepreglednost ob daljši debati
ponovno odpiranje že “ razrešenih ” tem
zapis je trenuten posnetek [ snapshot ] Slabosti : časovna komponenta se izgublja ( otežen pregled , kako se je razvijala “ debata ” )
uničevanje dobrih informacij : diktatura večine ( nenamerno ) ali trolling ( namerno )
izgubljanje fokusa ( vpliv urednika oz . moderatorja zanemarljiv )
Kompetenca avtorjev in pomembnost teme
Skupna problema obeh konceptov pa sta ta , da imajo za sodelovanje najmanj časa ravno tisti , za katere bi si najbolj želeli , da sodelujejo , in da najmanj pomembna vsebina sproža najbolj intenzivno “ sodelovanje ” 3 .
In nisem ravno prepričan , da je odgovore na ta izziva sploh mogoče najti .
Blog plus wiki je bliki ?
Ali je mogoče oba koncepta združiti tako , da se slabosti čim bolj odpravijo in se pri tem prednosti obeh ohranijo ?
Nekateri so poskušali , a se je večina poskusov končala bolj ali manj neuspešno .
Mogoče je težava v tem , kar je izpostavil Martin Fowler , eden prvih , ki je poskušal združiti oba koncepta .
Ko so mu očitali , da je naredil nekaj “ nedopustnih ” kompromisov in zato ne more govoriti o “ pravem ” Blikiju , je odgovoril : “ Tako kot jaz nimam vseh lastnosti svoje matere , ampak sem mešanica obeh staršev , tudi moja rešitev nima vseh lastnosti obeh konceptov ” .
Sam sem se precej časa ukvarjal s tem , kako postaviti Bliki s čim manj kompromisi .
In kljub temu , da moj prvi prototip Blikija nosi letnico 2005 in mi v dveh letih ni uspelo zbrati energije , da bi platformo postavil in podvrgel preizkusu , bi rad idejo v kratkem realiziral .
Zato me na tej točki zanima , katere lastnosti se vam zdijo tako vitalnega pomena za uspeh posameznega koncepta , da jih je treba na vsak način ohraniti .
1 Lahko bi govorili tudi o neke vrste različnih modelih državljanskega novinarstva oziroma aktivnega poseganja posameznikov ( skupnosti ) v medijsko sfero .
2 Glede na to , da osebni dnevniki temeljijo na tem , ta druga lastnost potisne bloge še bolj v sfero izpovedovanja osebnih izkušenj v najširšem smislu in iz avtorja napravi kronista .
3 Problem je bolj znan kot dilema o barvi lope za kolesa .
THE scientist in the 1959 horror film " The Killer Shrews " is not only mad but also cheap .
Monstrously cheap .
To solve the problem of world hunger , he tries to breed humans down to half their normal size .
Rather than increase the food supply , he reasons , he will decrease demand .
But his penny - pinching plans go awry , naturally , or unnaturally , creating a pack of giant , munchies - afflicted shrews .
" The shrews were actually hound dogs with fangs stuck to their heads and hairy rugs on their backs , " recalled James Best , who portrayed the hero , Thorne Sherman .
Mr. Best 's love interest was played by Ingrid Goude , a former Miss Universe who was , he said " very well - endowed but not very well - paid ; she got about 15 cents . "
Mr. Best , now 78 , reckoned that that was about 35 cents less than the budget of the entire movie .
" The Killer Shrews , " the masterwork of Ray Kellogg , is one of hundreds of cheap old films now available as ridiculously cheap new DVD's .
Because of lapsed or improperly registered copyrights , even some very watchable movies -- among them , Howard Hawks 's " His Girl Friday , " Marlon Brando 's " One - Eyed Jacks " and Francis Ford Coppola 's " Dementia 13 " -- are now in the public domain and can be sold by anyone .
While overall DVD sales are robust -- last year retailers sold $ 15.5 billion in discs -- the low - end market is positively booming .
Recently , 19 of the 50 top sellers on the Nielsen VideoScan national sales charts were budget DVD's .
" The prices are irresistible , " said Gary Delfiner , whose Global Multimedia Corporation offers 60 film , cartoon and television titles with prices ranging from 99 cents to $ 1.99 .
This email hit our inbox in 2007 :
Below is an email exchange between a friend of mine ’s husband and a company that sells different types of mats .
He is stationed in Iraq and was inquiring as to whether or not the company ships overseas .
He wanted to get the troops better gear to sleep on .
This is the companies response .
I am floored .
I am floored as a military wife and as an American .
Please repost this so that this company will hear us loud and clear that we do not stand for this .
Whatever your view is on this war — these troops are just following orders .
Most are passionate about what they are doing .
You can disagree with the war without disrespecting our troops .
From : SGT Jason Hess
Sent : Tue Jan 16 3:25
Do you ship to APO addresses ?
I ’m in the 1st Cavalry Division stationed in Iraq and we are trying to order some mats but we are looking for who ships to APO first .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————– From : contact@discount-mats.com
Sent : Tuesday , January 16 , 2007 9:44 PM
Subject : Re : Feedback : from discount - mats.com SGT
Hess ,
We do not ship to APO addresses , and even if we did , we would NEVER ship to Iraq .
If you were sensible , you and your troops would pull out of Iraq .
Bargain Suppliers
Discount-Mats.com
APO ( Army Post Office or Air [ Force ] Post Office ) and FPO ( Fleet Post Office ) addresses are part of a military mail system used for exchanging mail with U.S. personnel stationed outside the United States , generally at the same domestic rates charged for sending mail within the U.S. Military personnel , their families , and others who have had occasion to order merchandise for shipment to troops stationed overseas have generally learned to first check with the vendors to ensure that they will indeed send product to APO / FPO addresses .
Because shipments sent to APO / FPO addresses require extra processing ( e.g. , they must be sent via USPS , mailed from a post office , and accompanied by customs forms ) and involve additional mailing restrictions , not all businesses are willing to accept orders intended for APO / FPO destinations .
The e-mail exchange reproduced above took place in January 2007 between a U.S. Army soldier serving with the U.S. 1st Cavalry Division in Iraq and online retailer Discount Floor Mats of West Allis , Wisconsin , with the former inquiring about whether the latter would ship floor mats to APO addresses .
Not only did the retailer reportedly respond in the negative , but they supposedly couched their turn - down as the rude statement that “ We do not ship to APO addresses , and even if we did , we would NEVER ship to Iraq .
If you were sensible , you and your troops would pull out of Iraq . ”
Discount Mats has not responded to multiple inquiries , but Sgt .
Hess responded to our e-mail inquiry and said that he did receive the e-mail reproduced above :
This is all fact and true what happened .
I ’m with the 1st BCT 1st Cavalry Division in Iraq just trying to find someone to send supplies that
we needed .
( He also said that he appreciates the support of the many people who have asked us for his e-mail address in order to provide him with the mats he was seeking , but he asked that we not give it out as has already found a supplier and is being bombarded with e-mail . )
The news department at radio station WTMJ in Milwaukee also reported that a vice - president with Bargain Suppliers , the parent company of the Discount Mats web site , had confirmed that the e-mail in question was sent and that “ the employee who sent it is being held accountable and will be dealt with . ”
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel also reported that :
Bargain Suppliers of West Allis said its discount - mats.com
Web site had to be taken down to address the thousands of e-mails it ’s received since news of the exchange — in which an employee voiced opposition to the war in Iraq — began circulating on the Internet .
Vice president Sajid Nasir said the employee is being “ held accountable . ”
But he said the incendiary and threatening nature of some of the e-mails — and voicemails left at the West Allis home that co-owner Faisal Khetani shares with his parents — have shaken the family .
“ It ’s really getting out of control , ” said Nasir , who described the messages as “ angry and vulgar . ”
“ Our main concern is for the safety of the family .
That ’s more important than the business , ” he said .
Later news reports indicated that the employee in question had been discharged :
Faisal Khetani , the owner of Discount - Mats.com , said he fired the employee who sent the message , but will not release any further details “ for their own safety . ”
“ The truth of the matter is that this e-mail is true , and this member has been held responsible and liable for their actions , ” he said .
Hess said that firing means little to him , and he still has not received an apology from the company .
About a week after the original incident , the Discount - Mats.com web site came back up with the following message displayed :
Due to the recent actions of a member within our company , we have been experiencing many difficulties .
We have been bombarded by emails and phone calls literally within 12 hours of the event occurring , which sent us in a state of complete shock .
Our technical difficulties were experienced due to severe e-mail and phone call overload .
As a company , we would like to say that it is against company policy to treat anyone disrespectfully , and we condemn any such behavior .
The member who was responsible for stating their personal opinion in a disrespectful manner is no longer associated and no longer working with Discount - Mats.com
The members within our company strongly disagreed with the views and actions of this member , and once again , his personal opinion does not reflect the opinions of the company .
We , as a company , are sorry for the events that took place and we do not condone un - professional , rude behavior from any members within our company .
Additional information can be found here .
" " Can a heart - shaped box of chocolates come through when Cupid 's arrow misses the mark ?
Thinkstock
Esther Howland , the woman who produced the first commercial American valentines in the 1840s , sold a then mind - boggling $ 5,000 in cards during her first year of business .
The valentine industry in the United States has been booming ever since .
Today , over 1 billion valentine cards are sent in this country each year -- second in number only to Christmas cards , according to the Greeting Card Association .
( The happy day is also celebrated in Canada , Mexico , the United Kingdom , France and Australia . )
Around 85 percent of all valentines are purchased by women .
In addition to cards , there are millions of boxes of chocolates and bouquets of roses purchased ( mostly by men ) for the February 14 holiday .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The origins of Valentine 's Day are shrouded in mystery .
According to University of Notre Dame Professor Lawrence Cunningham , scholars have two main theories to explain how February 14 became synonymous with romance :
Roman Feast of Lupercalia -
This ancient pagan fertility celebration , which honored Juno , queen of the Roman gods and goddesses and goddess of women and marriage , was held on February 14 , the day before the feast began .
During festival time , women would write love letters , also known as billets , and leave them in a large urn .
The men of Rome would then draw a note from the urn and ardently pursue the woman who wrote the message they had chosen .
( Apparently , the custom of lottery drawings to select valentines continued into the 18th century , coming to an end when people decided they 'd rather choose -- sight seen ! -- their valentines . )
The Birds and the Bees ? -
In the Middle Ages , people began to send love letters on Valentine 's Day .
Medieval Europeans believed that birds began to mate on February 14 .
There 's also some controversy regarding Saint Valentine , for whom the famous day is named .
Archaeologists , who unearthed a Roman catacomb and an ancient church dedicated to St. Valentine , are not sure if there was one Valentine or more .
Today , the Catholic Church recognizes at least three different saints named Valentine or Valentinus , all of whom were martyred on February 14 -- at least two of those in Italy during the 3rd century .
The most popular candidate for St. Valentine was a 3rd century Roman priest who practiced Christianity and performed secret marriages against direct orders from Emperor Claudius II , who believed single soldiers were more likely to join his army .
Legend has it that Valentine sent a friend ( the jailer 's daughter ) a note signed " From Your Valentine " before he was executed on February 14 in 270 A.D.
( That phrase is still used prominently on today 's cards ! )
Early Christians were happier with the idea of a holiday honoring the saint of romantic causes than with one recognizing a pagan festival .
In 496 A.D. , Pope Gelasius named February 14 in honor of St. Valentine as the patron saint of lovers .
In 1969 , Pope Paul VI dropped it from the calendar .
However , the blend of Roman festival and Christian martyrdom had caught on , and Valentine 's Day was here to stay .
All you need to know about hybrid cars
Hybrids , Featured
on 03/20/2007
Filed under :on
03/20/2007
Maybe no make of car in the last 25 years has caused the firestorm of controversy like the hybrid car .
Thanks to the recent hit Hollywood documentary “ Who Killed The Electric Car ? ” hybrid automobiles are seen by some as a giant step backwards from a self - sufficient electric car to one that now needs a gasoline engine .
But regardless of the politics involved in making a practical and popular non-gasoline car , hybrids appear to be the wave of the future and one of the most popular car choices of the present .
The common hybrid car of today , also known as a petroleum electric hybrid vehicle , or PEHV , uses both a gasoline combustion engine and a rechargeable energy storage system to work .
As most people know , the biggest attraction of these hybrid vehicles is the incredible gas mileage , with the Honda Insight clocking in at over 60 mpg , as well as the reduced carbon dioxide emissions found with hybrids , as well .
The paranoia and panic surrounding hybrids have been the criticisms of electric and hydrogen cars from the beginning : they do n’t handle well , the charge will run out while you 're in the middle of the highway and leave you stranded , no one likes limits on how far you can drive per day and you just do n’t go very fast .
How much of the paranoia is based on reality and how much of it is talking points handed down by Exxon and Shell ?
Let ’s take a look .
Hybrids are , generally , more expensive to buy than regular cars .
Fans of hybrids talk about the “ payback period ” or the time it takes for you to earn your money back from what you would have spent on gas if you had bought a regular car .
Everyone ’s payback period differs depending on how much you drive .
The idea that a hybrid of electric car ca n’t handle as well as the average car was put to rest with the recent release of the Toyota Prius and the Honda Insight .
Even with the early 90s release of the General Motors EV1 , the old fashioned concept of the clunky and slow non-gasoline car was shown to be false but because of the lack of penetration of the EV1 , this concept has had legs .
The idea that the charge on the car will run out in the middle of driving and leave you stranded is somewhat true when you consider the EV1 was a completely electric car with no gas engine backup and if you are likely to ignore your gas gauge , there is no reason to think you wo n’t ignore your electricity gauge .
But with a hybrid car , you have a backup in case you run out of electric juice .
The same goes for the limits on how much you can drive per day .
While study after study showed that the majority of people commute less than 50 miles per day and the EV1 was capable of more miles per charge , people felt constricted by the idea that they could n’t randomly drive across the country if they felt like it .
With hybrid cars , if you can fill up the gas tank , you can go .
The hybrid car simply is n’t everyone ’s cup of tea .
Some people want a mean , dirty , noisy SUV or truck that people can hear coming from a mile away .
But for the rest of us that care about global warming and saving money at the pumps , a hybrid car is just what we ’re looking for .
Share with : Delicious reddit Facebook StumbleUpon
Prev : New Volvo S80 wins chauffeur approval and new business appraisal Next : First video of the new Fiat 500
Your Comments
In last night 's World 's Worst , Keith chastised O'Reilly for his incompassionate coverage of the house fire in the Bronx last week that killed nine children and the mother of four of them .
Download Download
MediaMatters has the infamous original footage .
What I take away from this and the Shawn Hornbeck case is that BillO will stop at nothing to make a political point and further his " culture warrior " / " looking our for the folks " agenda ... even if it means exploiting and blaming child victims .
Then again , I 'm probably just a far - left loon that takes his comments out of context .
Our Strategy for Accelerating Sustainability
As a global manufacturer , it is our duty to serve as a steward to our environment , communities , customers , workforce and investors .
With our first set of external sustainability goals well within reach , we are raising the bar for our future performance .
Our Twentyby30 program represents an ambitious new strategy for the next decade and aims to accelerate our efforts across all three dimensions of sustainability – environmental , social and governance .
Designed to address issues of critical global concern and areas of our business where we can create the biggest impact , the program sets 20 measurable goals to be achieved by 2030 , if not sooner .
The goals are built around five distinct pillars of action : Climate Action , Resource Efficiency , Optimum Circularity , Working Together and Never Compromise .
These pillars are underpinned and guided by our Governance & Ethics standards to ensure we operate honestly , responsibly and with accountability .
Learn more about sustainability at Crown
New Mexico ’s Congress , having blocked efforts to debate impeachment , moved on to topics that can be called more legitimately , the State ’s business .
They cleared the slate of whether their young men & women should be dying in an illegal war , whether their citizens should be spied on , whether they should be illegally detained , tortured , etc .
Instead , they cleared their docket to discuss …. whether Pluto should be called a planet .
Congratulations New Mexico .
Way to set your priorities .
Thanks to the New Mexico House of Representatives , whenever Pluto is over New Mexico , it will officially be called a planet .
Perhaps we could get them to debate impeachment if the bill read , “ When Bush is in New Mexico , he will officially be called an impeached president . ” ( Read More )
A few days after U.S. troops had entered Baghdad and Saddam Hussein ’s statue was toppled , Condoleezza Rice ( serving then as President George W. Bush ’s national security adviser ) told American reporters that U.S. policy toward Europe should be to " Encourage the Russians , ignore the Germans , and punish the French . "
The Bush administration , celebrating its military victory in Iraq and preparing for more " regime changes " in Syria and Iran , was basically sending a " go - fly - a - kite " message to the French and the other members of " Old Europe " who had opposed the use of military force to oust the Iraqi Ba’athist regime .
Pentagon officials explained then that Washington was going to place members of the " New Europe " such as Poland , Estonia , and Bulgaria at the center of the transatlantic alliance .
After all , who really needed those " cheese - eating surrender monkeys , " as one neoconservative columnist bashed the French , who were also denounced as " Euro appeasers , " " Arabists , " and " anti-Semites . "
For a while it sounded as if the Vichy regime of World War II were back in power in France and being led by President Jacques Chirac .
For a while , Mr. Chirac competed for the title of the Most Hated Man in America .
Well , it has been three years since the anti-French hysteria in Washington , which among other things led lawmakers on Capitol Hill to rename the " French fries " in the menu of the congressional cafeteria " freedom fries . "
But guess who are now emerging as the Good Guys in the neoconservative narrative ?
Ahmed Chalabi and the rest of the Iraqi " freedom fighters " ?
Guess again .
The French ?
Those wimpy Froggies ?
Yup .
" It ’s Up to You , President Chirac , " screamed the headline of a recent column on the pro-war editorial page of the Washington Post , which asked  actually pleaded with  the French president to deploy his country ’s troops to Lebanon to help clean up the mess made there by the Israelis and the Americans .
Apparently the Estonians , the Bulgarians , and even the Poles were not ready to send their troops to Lebanon to disarm the Hezbollah guerillas .
" France has had a very close relationship with Lebanon , " President Bush explained in a recent press conference .
" There ’s historical ties with Lebanon .
I would hope they would put more troops in , " he said , adding that the French " understand the region as well as anybody . "
These are the same French who in 2003 warned the Americans not to invade Iraq since they could end up in the same kind of quagmire that the French had found themselves in once upon a time in Algeria .
In 2003 , the advice of the guys who " understand the region as well as anybody " was dismissed by the neocons as a reflection of a certain lack of manhood .
But now everyone in Washington and Tel Aviv seems to be breathing a sigh of relief after President Chirac announced that France would commit 2,000 troops to the new international peacekeeping troops in southern Lebanon .
The decision breaks a stalemate that has held up the dispatch of soldiers seen by diplomats as crucial to maintaining the cease - fire between Hezbollah and Israel .
Mr. Chirac ’s announcement in a nationally televised address followed days of intense negotiations with the United Nations , Lebanon , and Israel over European concerns that the force would have no clear mandate and inadequate rights to open fire in defense of itself or civilians .
" We obtained the necessary clarifications from the UN on the chain of command , which needs to be simple , coherent , and reactive , " he said , " and the rules of engagement , which must guarantee the freedom of movement of the force and its ability to operate when confronted with hostile conditions . "
The French , it should be noted , also helped broker the UN cease - fire after forcing the United States to accept important changes in the original American draft resolution .
What is really interesting in all these latest developments is that even the most ardent neocons in Washington have not challenged the notion that the U.S. would not be sending its troops to Lebanon .
They justified that by pointing out that hundreds of U.S. Marines were killed during a bombing in Beirut in 1982 .
But the French also suffered many casualties at that time and are still sending their troops to Lebanon .
So what gives ?
It seems that the Americans are basically conceding that they " cannot do Lebanon " and are passing the Lebanese " portfolio " to the French .
Perhaps the Bushies are beginning to feel that the Americans are indeed overstretched in the Middle East and that the time has come to shift some responsibilities to other players .
But with responsibility comes power .
With their troops being deployed in Lebanon , the French are going to be " in charge " in Lebanon , something that the American and the Israelis will have to accept .
And if this works , one would not be surprised to see the French and the Italians ( who are also sending troops to Lebanon ) and the Germans ( who have good ties with the Syrians AND the Israelis ) becoming more active in the region .
It seems the American hegemon has been humbled a bit .
By the way , " French fries " are back in the Congressional cafeteria too .
Copyright © 2006 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd.
All rights reserved .
Conversion Rate Increase by 84 %
Tim Ash , Digital Marketing Keynote Speaker & Advisor , CEO at SiteTunersFeng - GUI rocks !
It is a simple tool that will identify attention leaks on your website , and help you to focus on what is really important for your visitors .
If you do n't use it on key web pages , you will be leaving a lot of money on the table ....
Many USA ecommerce shops do n’t send their goods to Russia or to the countries of the Ex-USSR .
Some shops send but delivery costs differ greatly from the homeland ones , they are usually much bigger .
So what did some Russians invented ?
They got a way to fool the delivery .
It ’s no secret that many bigger shops use electronic systems processing orders .
So in order to see if this address is in USA or Canada it uses ZIP code , state or province name and words “ USA ” or “ CANADA ” .
So what was possible to do is to put totally Russian address in the order delivery form , like : Moscow , Lenin St. 20 , Russia in the address fields , usually there is a plenty of space to enter long things like this , and in the field country they put Canada in the field ZIP code – Canadian zip code .
What happens next ?
The parcel travels to Canada , to the area to which the specified ZIP code belongs and there postal workers just see it ’s not a Canadian address but Russian .
They consider it to be some sort of mistake and forward it further , to Russia .
Here is a sample parcel that a guy in Russia got this way :
Guys at Canadian post stroke out the words “ CANADA ” and Canadian zip code , wrote RUSSIA and forwarded the parcel further .
People say this trick works perfectly , but warn not to order expensive things way like this because there are some risks that a parcel would be returned , though this method is perfect for different free merchandise that companies give out to USA and Canada citizens .
A new theory to explain global warming was revealed at a meeting at the University of Leicester ( UK ) and is being considered for publication in the journal " Science First Hand " .
The controversial theory has nothing to do with burning fossil fuels and atmospheric carbon dioxide levels .
According to Vladimir Shaidurov of the Russian Academy of Sciences , the apparent rise in average global temperature recorded by scientists over the last hundred years or so could be due to atmospheric changes that are not connected to human emissions of carbon dioxide from the burning of natural gas and oil .
Shaidurov explained how changes in the amount of ice crystals at high altitude could damage the layer of thin , high altitude clouds found in the mesosphere that reduce the amount of warming solar radiation reaching the earth 's surface .
Shaidurov has used a detailed analysis of the mean temperature change by year for the last 140 years and explains that there was a slight decrease in temperature until the early twentieth century .
This flies in the face of current global warming theories that blame a rise in temperature on rising carbon dioxide emissions since the start of the industrial revolution .
Shaidurov , however , suggests that the rise , which began between 1906 and 1909 , could have had a very different cause , which he believes was the massive Tunguska Event , which rocked a remote part of Siberia , northwest of Lake Baikal on the 30th June 1908 .
The Tunguska Event , sometimes known as the Tungus Meteorite is thought to have resulted from an asteroid or comet entering the earth 's atmosphere and exploding .
The event released as much energy as fifteen one - megaton atomic bombs .
As well as blasting an enormous amount of dust into the atmosphere , felling 60 million trees over an area of more than 2000 square kilometres .
Shaidurov suggests that this explosion would have caused " considerable stirring of the high layers of atmosphere and change its structure . "
Such meteoric disruption was the trigger for the subsequent rise in global temperatures .
Global warming is thought to be caused by the " greenhouse effect " .
Energy from the sun reaches the earth 's surface and warms it , without the greenhouse effect most of this energy is then lost as the heat radiates back into space .
However , the presence of so - called greenhouse gases at high altitude absorb much of this energy and then radiate a proportion back towards the earth 's surface .
Causing temperatures to rise .
Many natural gases and some of those released by conventional power stations , vehicle and aircraft exhausts act as greenhouse gases .
Carbon dioxide , natural gas , or methane , and chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) are all potent greenhouse gases .
Carbon dioxide and methane are found naturally in the atmosphere , but it is the gradual rise in levels of these gases since the industrial revolution , and in particular the beginning of the twentieth century , that scientists have blamed for the gradual rise in recorded global temperature .
Attempts to reverse global warming , such as the Kyoto Protocol , have centred on controlling and even reducing CO 2 emissions .
However , the most potent greenhouse gas is water , explains Shaidurov and it is this compound on which his study focuses .
According to Shaidurov , only small changes in the atmospheric levels of water , in the form of vapour and ice crystals can contribute to significant changes to the temperature of the earth 's surface , which far outweighs the effects of carbon dioxide and other gases released by human activities .
Just a rise of 1 % of water vapour could raise the global average temperature of Earth 's surface more then 4 degrees Celsius .
The role of water vapour in controlling our planet 's temperature was hinted at almost 150 years ago by Irish scientist John Tyndall .
Tyndall , who also provided an explanation as to why the sky is blue , explained the problem : " The strongest radiant heat absorber , is the most important gas controlling Earth 's temperature .
Without water vapour , he wrote , the Earth 's surface would be ' held fast in the iron grip of frost ' . "
Thin clouds at high altitude allow sunlight to reach the earth 's surface , but reflect back radiated heat , acting as an insulating greenhouse layer .
Water vapour levels are even less within our control than CO 2 levels .
According to Andrew E. Dessler of the Texas A & M University writing in ' The Science and Politics of Global Climate Change ' , " Human activities do not control all greenhouse gases , however .
The most powerful greenhouse gas in the atmosphere is water vapour , he says , " Human activities have little direct control over its atmospheric abundance , which is controlled instead by the worldwide balance between evaporation from the oceans and precipitation . "
As such , Shaidurov has concluded that only an enormous natural phenomenon , such as an asteroid or comet impact or airburst , could seriously disturb atmospheric water levels , destroying persistent so - called ' silver ' , or noctilucent , clouds composed of ice crystals in the high altitude mesosphere ( 50 to 85 km ) .
The Tunguska Event was just such an event , and coincides with the period of time during which global temperatures appear to have been rising the most steadily - the twentieth century .
There are many hypothetical mechanisms of how this mesosphere catastrophe might have occurred , and future research is needed to provide a definitive answer .
Source : University of Leicester
Et Tu , NVIDIA ?
Right after we reported how ATI 's partners started shipping the new ATI Radeon X1950 GT as a Vista - certified graphics without a working driver , NVIDIA sent us a sample of a soon - to - be- released GeForce 8600 GTS graphics card ... also without a working driver .
Is this the new trend in the graphics card industry ?
NVIDIA 's case is a little different though .
The GeForce 8600 GTS is yet to be released while the Radeon X1950 GT is already out in the market .
In addition , NVIDIA 's beta drivers have so far shown a fortunate lack of propensity for causing BSODs ( Blue Screen Of Deaths ) .
But just like the ATI Radeon X1950 GT , the NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GTS also boasted being certified for Windows Vista .
It says so right on the box ( see picture on the right ) .
The box would have been printed at least 2 - 3 weeks before it arrived at our doorstep .
That means Microsoft should have had to certify the GeForce 8600 GTS sometime ago .
But if they did so that long ago , why is the card shipping without a working driver ?
Even if nothing new was done to the driver since certification , where is the driver used to certify the GeForce 8600 GTS ?
These were the same questions we raised when we discovered that the ATI Radeon X1950 GT shipped without a working driver for Windows Vista .
Fortunately , NVIDIA has promised us a working driver this Monday ( April 9 , 2007 ) so we will soon be able to start testing the GeForce 8600 GTS .
Still , these recent experiences made us wonder about the certification process for graphics cards in Windows Vista .
What Does The Logo Mean ?
The Certified for Windows Vista logo is a very powerful marketing tool .
According to Microsoft , a hardware device that is certified for Windows Vista ...
Is designed and tested for ease of use , better performance and enhanced security on PC 's running Windows Vista .
Is designed and tested for ease of use , better performance and enhanced security on PC 's running Windows Vista .
Meets technical requirements for superior experiences with photos , music , videos , games and online communications .
Installs easily and can automatically download device driver updates from Windows Update .
Helps ensure compatibility with other Certified for Windows Vista products .
Is designed and tested for ease of use , better performance and enhanced security on PC 's running Windows Vista .
Meets technical requirements for superior experiences with photos , music , videos , games and online communications .
Installs easily and can automatically download device driver updates from Windows Update .
Helps ensure compatibility with other Certified for Windows Vista products .
All that sounds great .
But that is not the only logo available to manufacturers .
Microsoft also has a Work with Windows Vista logo .
Let 's see how they differ .
Logos What Microsoft Says
They Mean What They Really Mean Devices with this logo take advantage of features in Windows Vista to deliver excellent performance , ease of use , and the best experience possible , whether you are enjoying music , photos , and videos , or communicating with friends .
Devices with this logo were designed with Windows Vista in mind .
Devices with this logo have been tested to ensure they will work with Windows Vista , so you know they will be compatible , reliable , and more secure .
Devices with this logo were not designed with Windows Vista in mind , but have been tested and confirmed to work with Windows Vista .
Well , even that does n't really tell us what we need to know , right ?
Does any of these two logos mean the manufacturer has to include a working driver , or does it not ?
Let 's dig beyond all that PR - talk and go into the actual program qualification details .
Mr. Gunther met with a group of ranchers in Omaha in October .
Angela Jackson - Pridie , a grass - fed cattle expert in Vermillion , S.D. , who took notes at the meeting , said he told them that individual Whole Foods stores would buy sides of beef or smaller sections directly from producers .
But ranchers said that other executives in the company told them in January that Whole Foods would buy only certain parts of the animals , leaving the ranchers to market the rest themselves .
Mr. Gunther did not return calls seeking comment .
Allen Williams , chief operating officer of Tallgrass Beef Company in Kansas , which has been trying to sell Whole Foods its beef , said , “ the company backed way off what Gunther said .
Within Whole Foods there is a monumental internal struggle to decide how they are going to do business in the protein sector . ”
Whole Foods buys its private label milk from Cropp , a cooperative of organic family farmers who receive high marks from the Cornucopia Institute , a nonprofit agricultural policy research group , for humane treatment of organic cows .
But despite continuing criticism that Horizon Organic gives its cows very little access to pasture , Whole Foods continues to sell Horizon ’s products .
A spokeswoman for Horizon said the company is in compliance with Agriculture Department standards .
When the public learned that farmed salmon has color added to its feed to make this otherwise grayish fish look like wild salmon , its much pricier cousin , Whole Foods said it would put “ color added ” on labels for farmed salmon .
But visits to many Whole Foods stores over the last four years revealed that “ color added ” does not always appear on the labels of the farmed salmon , an error probably made at the store level .
When employees behind the fish counters at several stores were asked if the farmed salmon had color added they were unable to answer .
In tours of eight Whole Foods stores in the Washington , D.C. , area and in New York City and suburbs over the last several months , other problems suggested inattention to detail .
One - third of the Yukon Gold potatoes in one display had turned green ; some sweet potatoes were shriveled ; cherry tomatoes in net bags were wrinkled ; net bags of organic lemons contained several that were past their prime ; and packaged haricots verts were brown .
Six containers of one brand of yogurt available for purchase in the Bethesda , Md. , store on Jan. 21 were stamped with a “ use by ” date of Dec. 28 .
On that same day Elise Klein , who considers herself a devoted Whole Foods shopper , was returning shredded cheese , yogurt , cereal and several other items at that store , demanding a refund because all of them were out of date .
“ You guys need to monitor yourselves better , ” she said .
APRIL 17 -- The college student responsible for yesterday 's Virginia Tech slaughter was referred last year to counseling after professors became concerned about the violent nature of his writings , as evidenced in a one - act play obtained by The Smoking Gun .
The play by Cho Seung - Hui , a 23 - year - old English major , was submitted last year as part of a short story writing class .
Entitled " Richard McBeef , " Cho 's bizarre play features a 13 - year - old boy who accuses his stepfather of pedophilia and murdering his father .
A copy of the killer 's play can be found below .
The teenager talks of killing the older man and , at one point , the child 's mother brandishes a chain saw at the stepfather .
The play ends with the man striking the child with " a deadly blow . " ( 10 pages )
CHAIN OF LIES LED TO BOTCHED RAID
Feds Detail Woman's Death , Officers '
Plea
According to federal documents released Thursday , these are the events that led to Kathryn Johnston 's death and the steps the officers took to cover their tracks .
Three narcotics agents were trolling the streets near the Bluffs in northwest Atlanta , a known market for drugs , midday on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving .
[ Remainder snipped ]
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
Physicists have devised a theory that unifies two widely studied mysteries of the universe : why there is an imbalance between regular matter and anti-matter ( scientists expect to see equal amounts of each , but observe less anti-matter ) , and the identity of “ dark matter ” – the enigmatic particles thought to account for the extra gravitational pull observed in distant galaxies .
“ We propose that at some point in the very early universe , dark matter interacted with regular matter in a particular way so as to shift the balance between matter and anti-matter ever so slightly towards matter , a process known as baryogenesis , ” said Jeff Jones , a University of California - Santa Cruz physicist involved in the work , to PhysOrg.com .
“ We have proposed a new mechanism for baryogenesis that ties together these two mysteries , which are usually assumed to be unrelated . ”
The prefix “ baryo ” in baryogenesis comes from “ baryon , ” a class of particles made of three quarks .
Protons and neutrons are the most common examples of baryons .
By extension , ordinary matter – atoms , in other words , which are primarily protons and neutrons – is therefore essentially made of baryons .
Similarly , anti-matter is mostly anti-baryons .
The Russian physicist Andrei Sakharov , father of the Russian hydrogen bomb and advocate of peaceful coexistence between the Soviet and western systems , pointed out in the 1960s that in order for baryogenesis to take place there had to be a violation of CP symmetry . ”
CP symmetry is a physics concept stating that if ordinary particles are replaced by anti-particles in any physical process , and the particles ' “ handedness ” is simultaneously reversed ( sort of like how I 'm right - handed but my mirror image , my “ anti- self , ” is a lefty ) , the result should be an equally feasible process occurring at the same rate as the first .
Of the four known fundamental forces – strong , weak , electromagnetic , and gravity – scientists have only seen the weak force violate CP symmetry in experiments .
However , when that violation results in the production of baryons , it also always generates anti-baryons .
So there is no imbalance produced .
There must be , then , a process that does not conserve the total number of baryons involved and also violates CP symmetry .
The Standard Model of particle physics – a theory describing the relationship between the strong , weak , and electromagnetic forces , and the particles that feel those forces – predicts that there is such a process .
Known as the sphaleron process , it would only take place at temperatures far too high to achieve in a lab , but would have existed during the early universe .
The sphaleron process allows for the possibility of matter being generated without the corresponding anti-matter , but it 's still not a complete solution .
But , Jones says , “ The universe had no reason to prefer matter over anti-matter , so in the long run you would expect it to eventually even out .
Mysteriously , it has n't , and that 's where our work comes in . ”
He and his colleagues show in their paper ( which appears in the November edition of the Journal of High Energy Physics ) that if the dark - matter particle has certain properties it would have interacted with regular matter .
When added to the rest of the equations in the Standard Model ( dark matter is not currently part of it ) , this interaction could have caused a preference for matter over antimatter .
Like the sphaleron process , this interaction would only take place at the very high temperatures of the early universe and would “ turn off ” as the universe cooled down .
This not only explains how more baryons than anti-baryons could be generated momentarily , but also why there would be more baryons in the long run .
But for this to work , the sphaleron process would have to turn off before the dark matter / regular matter interaction did .
If it occurred in the opposite order , the excess baryons in the early universe would be annihilated by the new anti-baryons produced by the sphaleron process .
The group came up with these ideas as they were studying an extension of the Standard Model known as the Pentagon model , which involves theoretical particles dubbed pentaquarks , which tend to combine together in groups of five .
Scientists can only verify the Standard Model for particles with energies achievable in man-made experiments , which , relatively , are not very high .
At high energies , many scientists suspect that the Standard Model breaks down and there is new physics at play .
The Pentagon model , on the other hand , leaves room for unknown forces and holds at energies in which the Standard Model fails .
The researchers say that their theory of baryogenesis could still be valid if the Pentagon model turns out to be incorrect , provided that their assumptions about the identity and nature of dark matter are true .
“ Ultimately , in order to know whether our theory is really the right explanation , it will need to be tested .
Because it involves connections between many different kinds of physical processes , there will be more opportunities to test it and this may in some ways make it easier to test , ” says Jones .
“ However , it has a certain advantage over alternatives in that it manages to kill two birds with one stone . ”
Citation : Tom Banks , Sean Echols and Jeff L. Jones , “ Baryogenesis , dark matter and the pentagon . ” J. High Energy Phys. JHEP11 ( 2006 ) 046
By Laura Mgrdichian , Copyright 2007 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Simpler models may be better for determining some climate risk
April 25 , 2006 Public Citizen and United for a Fair Economy Expose Stealth Campaign of Super - Wealthy to Repeal Federal Estate Tax
Share Facebook
Twitter
Email
April 25 , 2006
Public Citizen and United for a Fair Economy Expose Stealth Campaign of Super - Wealthy to Repeal Federal Estate Tax
Report Identifies 18 Families Behind Multimillion - Dollar Deceptive Lobbying Campaign
WASHINGTON , D.C. –
The multimillion - dollar lobbying effort to repeal the federal estate tax has been aggressively led by 18 super - wealthy families , according to a report released today by Public Citizen and United for a Fair Economy at a press conference in Washington , D.C.
The report details for the first time the vast money , influence and deceptive marketing techniques behind the rhetoric in the campaign to repeal the tax .
It reveals how 18 families worth a total of $ 185.5 billion have financed and coordinated a 10 - year effort to repeal the estate tax , a move that would collectively net them a windfall of $ 71.6 billion .
The report profiles the families and their businesses , which include the families behind Wal - Mart , Gallo wine , Campbell ’s soup , and Mars Inc. , maker of M&Ms.
Collectively , the list includes the first - and third - largest privately held companies in the United States , the richest family in Alabama and the world ’s largest retailer .
These families have sought to keep their activities anonymous by using associations to represent them and by forming a massive coalition of business and trade associations dedicated to pushing for estate tax repeal .
The report details the groups they have hidden behind – the trade associations they have used , the lobbyists they have hired , and the anti-estate tax political action committees , 527s and organizations to which they have donated heavily .
In a massive public relations campaign , the families have also misled the country by giving the mistaken impression that the estate tax affects most Americans .
In particular , they have used small businesses and family farms as poster children for repeal , saying that the estate tax destroys both of these groups .
But just more than one - fourth of one percent of all estates will owe any estate taxes in 2006 .
And the American Farm Bureau , a member of the anti-estate tax coalition , was unable when asked by The New York Times to cite a single example of a family being forced to sell its farm because of estate tax liability .
“ This report exposes one of the biggest con jobs in recent history , ” said Joan Claybrook , president of Public Citizen .
“ This long - running , secretive campaign funded by some of the country ’s wealthiest families has relied on deception to bamboozle the public not only about who must pay the estate tax , but about how repealing it will affect the country . ”
Said Lee Farris , senior organizer for estate tax policy at UFE , “ It ’s time for the majority of Americans who support the estate tax to speak out , and not let a handful of wealthy families sway Congress to twist the tax laws for their own benefit .
Polls now show that most Americans support this tax and the revenue it yields to pay for vital services , especially given our nation ’s huge deficit . ”
While they extol the hard work of individual farmers and small businesses , most of the 18 families have been wealthy for generations ; only five still include the people who first earned the family fortune .
Members of the families are far less likely than most Americans to have paid taxes on their wealth ; to a large extent , that wealth lies in assets that have appreciated but , unlike paychecks , have never been taxed .
These super - rich families have spent millions in personal wealth and used their companies ’ resources and lobbying power in repeated attempts to influence members of Congress to repeal the tax .
They have financed groups who have launched multimillion - dollar attack ads against Republican and Democratic senators alike , including former Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle ( D - S.D. ) and Sens. Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , Olympia Snow ( R - Maine ) , Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) , Mark Pryor ( D - Ark. ) , Lincoln Chaffee ( R - R.I. ) and Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) .
The stakes of the campaign are great , not only for the super - wealthy families , but for the public .
If the families ’ repeal bid succeeds , it will cost the U.S. Treasury a trillion dollars in the first decade – roughly what it would cost to provide health insurance for every uninsured person in the United States .
“ The estate tax should be regarded as just paying back to the country for all the wonderful things it ’s made possible for the people who have that wealth , ” said Bill Gates Sr. in an audio statement played at the press conference .
“ I do n’t think there ’s any great societal goal being served by inherited wealth .
And certainly there ’s no sensible argument that I can think of for insisting on being able to pass the last penny of $ 100 million on to your three kids . ”
Added Elizabeth Letzler , an investment manager from New York who will be subject to the estate tax and who spoke at the press conference , “ The current estate tax structure should permit any wealthy household to pass on a legacy of financial security , education and family heirlooms to the next generations . ”
She challenged the families showcased in the report : “ Do something spectacular during your life - time investing in the social welfare and well - being of the children and grandchildren at the bottom of the pyramid . ”
Her daughter Stephanie , also in attendance , said , “ If keeping the estate tax means a step closer to a debt - free treasury , a step closer to improved health care , Social Security , education , and every other program that makes me proud to be an American , show me where to sign the check . ”
Paul Newman , actor and founder of Newman ’s Own food company , agreed in a separate statement : “ For those of us lucky enough to be born in this country and to have flourished here , the estate tax is a reasonable and appropriate way to return something to the common good .
I ’m proud to be among those supporting preservation of this tax , which is one of the fairest taxes we have . ”
###
To read the statement by Public Citizen President Joan Claybrook , click here .
To read the report , click here .
To hear the audio statement of Bill Gates Sr. , click here .
Adjust font size :
SAN DIEGO , California ( CNN ) --
Now that media giants have pulled the plug on Don Imus , the debate has moved to rap lyrics and the limits of free speech .
But what we should really address is the hypocrisy of those who blasted Imus for insulting comments about African - Americans and then proceeded to repeat insulting comments about Mexican - Americans .
It 's time for a national dialogue on the " w- word . "
I 'll give you a hint :
It 's an offensive term that is meant to imply that all Mexican - Americans arrived in the United States by swimming across a river -- something that comes across as doubly offensive to immigrants who came to the country legally or those whose families have been here for generations .
You know about the " n- word . "
And what my gay friends call the " f - word . "
Most people in the public eye would n't dare utter those words in full .
In fact , when entertainers have done so , they 've paid for it .
And so it 's surprising that , lately , there seems to be a rash of media types tossing around the w - word .
It 's also disappointing given that all this is happening in the aftermath of the Imus affair .
New York Times columnist Frank Rich was n't all that careful .
In arguing that offensive speech should n't be censored , Rich wrote that we should " let Bill O'Reilly talk about ' wetbacks . ' ... "
Oh , hello .
That is exactly how Rich wrote it -- wetbacks .
So what that he was quoting someone else .
That 's no excuse .
If that someone else had used the long version of the n-word , you had better believe that Rich would never have printed it in his column .
Howard Kurtz picked up on the thread .
The Washington Post media critic and host of CNN's " Reliable Sources " recently said on his television show that " Bill O'Reilly once referred to Mexicans as wetbacks . "
Hello again .
Would Kurtz have used the n-word on morning television ?
No way .
So why use the w - word ?
And it was n't just journalists who used the word .
Rosie O'Donnell , co-host of ABC's " The View , " likewise insisted to Barbara Walters and her other co-hosts that O'Reilly was a racist because he " calls Mexicans wetbacks . "
All these jabs got O'Reilly 's attention .
The TV talker used his own show to make a lame attempt at defending himself .
He said that he had misspoken and that the word he was looking for was " coyote . "
Speaking of offensive .
It 's offensive when someone thinks you 're dumb enough to fall for a line like that .
So what if O'Reilly meant to say something else ?
The w - word still came out of his potty mouth .
But just because O'Reilly acts like a jerk does n't mean that Rich , Kurtz and O'Donnell should get a pass to follow suit .
Here 's a tip for liberals and those who play them on TV :
If you 're trying to come off as more enlightened than the next guy , it helps not to mimic the very behavior you 're going out of your way to condemn .
Or else people might question your sincerity and conclude you 're not really progressive -- as much as pretending .
Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the editorial board of The San Diego Union - Tribune and a nationally syndicated columnist .
You can read his column here .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
これは以下の日記の続きです。
→烏賀陽弘道さん宛の訴状を見たのでコメントしてみる。あとヒットチャートに関するアンケート
ということで、 「はてなダイアリー」を見てもこんな状況なわけですが、
→ 「 オリコン 」を含む日記 - はてなダイアリー
→ 「 烏賀陽 」を含む日記 - はてなダイアリー
代表的な意見はこんな感じです。
→ Ashihiro - オリコン，ひどいな ー
ネットで 「オリコンにこんなひどい目に会った」と言っている烏賀陽さんに、ネット上の人間は同情的なわけですが（ぼくも同情的でないわけではありません）、烏賀陽さんが今回この事件に関しておこなった「ネットの、メディアとしての使用法」に、いささか疑問もあるので、その点から言及してみます（言い忘れましたが、このエントリーの見出しは演出で、「批判」というより「行動の疑問部分がある」という感じです）。
まず、烏賀陽さんの行動は、初動で次のような判断ミスがあったとぼくには感じられました。
１・自分に同情的になるであろう知り合いで、今回の事件とは無関係な「ネット上で多大な影響力のある人間」（「音楽配信メモ」の津田大介さん）を通して自分の主張（客観的にその主張を正しいと判断できるような材料に欠ける主張）を流すことにより、「被害者である自分（烏賀陽弘道）」「ひどいことをする相手（オリコン）」という情報を、一方的に複数の人間を通して流そうとした（事実それには成功している）。
２・事情説明をするにあたって、「オリコン」側が今回の件に関して「声明」的なものを出すまで、裏事情その他を示さなかった。
要するに 、 「情報操作をしようとしていた」というのがぼく自身にとって烏賀陽さんの行動に信用が置けない・疑問を感じる要素があったのでした。
さらに具体的に言うと、以下のようなことです。
１・オリコンは「訴状」の前に烏賀陽さんに、記事に関する「内容証明書」を送っていた、という事実を、烏賀陽さんは「オリコンにひどい目に会ってます」アピールのテキストの中では一言も言っていなかった。そのため、いきなりオリコンが訴状を送ってきた、というような印象を読者が持つよう、烏賀陽さんが書いているように、「オリコンの言い分」を読むと感じられる。
２・5000万円の訴訟は確かに個人相手の金額としては大きいが、最近の「名誉毀損の賠償額」としてはそれほど大きいものではない。別の具体例では、新潮社・週刊新潮を訴えた楽天の三木谷社長は「12億6861万円」の損害賠償請求を2006年10月におこない（多分これが今のところ最高）、週刊新潮は「バカ市長」と書いただけで「2200万円」請求され（2006年11月）、リンクはしませんが武富士はもっといろいろな訴訟をしています（「名誉毀損
武富士 - Google 検索」でたくさん見つかります）。まぁ、例としては記事の対象者が、それを掲載したメディア（雑誌など）を訴えたケースがほとんどなので、烏賀陽さんはもっと、「メディア（媒体）ではなく個人を訴えたオリコンの訴訟の変なところ」をアピールするといいと思いました。実際に支払われる額は、前にも言ったとおり100万〜1000万円ぐらいは予想できるんですが、訴状から「5000万円」の部分がクローズアップされすぎている気がするのですね。
参考リンク 。
→メディアの人権侵害：低すぎる日本の損害賠償額
「 高額の賠償請求」によって、企業あるいは権力者がジャーナリストの言論を制限・弾圧するような風潮が拡がるのは、ぼくとしても納得いかないんですが、それと同時にぼくは弱者がメディアでひどい目に会った、という例のほうが気になるので（冤罪とか）、誤報・歪曲記事に対する責任意識を持たせるためにも、「名誉毀損」の賠償請求は、それなりの金額でも仕方ないかな、と思います。
今回の 「オリコン」の、烏賀陽弘道さんが提示した問題は、「オリコンがヒットチャートのランキングに関して十分な情報を提示していない」「情報操作の疑いを持っている」ということだったとぼくは判断したんですが*1、そう言っている烏賀陽さんが、初動の段階で、
１・この裁判に関して十分な情報を提示せず（津田大介さんの「メール公開」はあっても、自サイトでの公開はなし。公開はしても、コメント・トラックバックで「読んだ人の疑問」に応える姿勢はなし）、
２・ネット上の世論を操作しようとしている（「ネットで○○してください」と、過度に自分を被害者としてアピールし呼びかける）
というのでは、２ちゃんねる的に言えば「お前が言うな」ということにもなりかねないわけです。
烏賀陽弘道さんの置かれた立場や、それによって生じるストレスには、心から同情申しあげますが、それとこれとは別です。ネット上でフェアな姿勢を保つのが難しい事件であっても、相手側の主張も含む、個人的な主観・主張を排した十分な事情説明（エクスキューズ）であるほうが、ネット者には必要だし、ありがたいと思ってしまうんですね。
ということで、もし可能でしたら、
１・最初にオリコンから送られてきたという「内容証明」のテキスト
２・今回の裁判の第一回準備書面、およびその他の、裁判が進行するに従って出てくる書面
を公開してください 。
ネットユーザーを、自分の主張を伝えるために利用しようと考えたかたは、その「主張」に好意的な人間ばかりではない、ということを多少知っておくほうがいいかな、と思って、すこし辛めのテキストを書いてみました。失礼がありましたらすみません。
で、ネット上での 「ヒットチャート」問題に関してはいろいろ考えさせられるテキストがあったので、追記的な形で言及してみます。まず、ぼくがおこなった「アンケート」ですが、
→http://q.hatena.ne.jp/1166538201
ライター烏賀陽弘道氏が、 「オリコン」に関する発言で訴えられましたが（http://www.oricon.co.jp/news/confidence/40446/）、あなたは最近、音楽のヒットチャートやランキングは信用できるものだと思いますか。また、それを参考に音楽を買っていますか。
・ 「昔」ではなく「最近」（ここ数年）です
・ 「ヒットチャートやランキング」には、オリコンの提供するもの以外も含まれるものとします
・ 「音楽を買う」とは、 「配信サイトからダウンロードする」
「レンタルショップから借りる」も含まれるものとします
※ 「その他」の意見のかたはコメント欄でご記入ください
Diabetics appear to have been cured with a one - off treatment that rebuilds their immune system , according to a new study .
The technique , which uses patients ’ own bone marrow cells , has freed 14 of 15 patients with type 1 diabetes from their dependence on insulin medication .
So far , participants in the trial have gone 18 months without insulin therapy following the procedure , on average .
One patient has lasted three years without needing such injections .
In patients with type 1 diabetes , which typically strikes in early childhood or adolescence , the immune system appears to erroneously attack cells in the pancreas that produce the hormone insulin .
Without insulin , blood sugar levels in the body spiral out of control .
People with diabetes receive insulin therapy , often in the form of self - injected shots , to keep their blood sugar levels under control .
Advertisement
Wipe out
Scientists have speculated that “ resetting ” the immune system might stop it from attacking the insulin - producing cells in the pancreas .
Julio Voltarelli , at the University of Sao Paulo in Brazil , and colleagues recruited 15 people aged 14 to 31 years who had recently been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes .
Roughly 60 % to 80 % of these patients ’ insulin - producing cells had been destroyed by the time of their diagnosis , and all needed regular insulin shots .
The researchers removed bone marrow stem cells from the patients , who were then given drugs such as cytotoxan to wipe out their immune cells .
Without an immune system , the patients were vulnerable to infection and so they were given antibiotics and kept in an isolation ward .
They participants did not undergo radiation treatment – as leukaemia patients often do as part of a bone marrow transplant – and so had fewer side effects and less risk of organ damage .
Two weeks later , the patients received infusions of their own stem cells into their bloodstream via the jugular vein , which re-established their immune systems .
Throughout this time and following the stem cell transplant , the research team continued taking blood samples to assess how much insulin each patient required .
Free for life ?
Of the 15 patients , 12 no longer needed insulin shots within a few days of undergoing the procedure .
One patient from the group had a relapse and needed to take insulin for one year , before becoming insulin - independent again – and has remained this way for 5 months .
Of the remaining two participants , one stopped needing insulin shots for one year after the transplant but has spent the past two months back on the shots , and the final participant ’s diabetes did not respond to the stem cell treatment .
Those who responded to the treatment have not needed insulin shots – so far , for an average 18 months – and had not relapsed at the time of study publication .
One patient had gone as long as 35 months without needing insulin therapy .
“ It may be that they become insulin - free for life .
We do n’t know , ” says Voltarelli .
Exactly why some patients responded to the treatment and one did not remains a mystery .
“ It could be due to differences in genetic background or severity of the immune attack , ” Voltarelli suggests .
During the course of the trial , one patient developed pneumonia as a result of the immune - suppressing drugs used in the procedure .
Two others developed complications , including thyroid dysfunction and early menopause , but it is not clear if these relate to the stem cell transplant
Honeymoon period
Jay Skyler , who heads the Diabetes Research Institute at the University of Miami in Florida , US , cautions that the trial did not include a control group .
Skyler adds some people experience a remission of symptoms shortly after being diagnosed with type 1 diabetes , and the increase in insulin production seen among study participants might be related to this “ honeymoon period ” .
Skyler also notes it is unclear exactly how the insulin production in the patients increased .
Still , he says that the trial has “ shown some potentially promising results ” .
And Voltarelli is hopeful that this type of approach could help patients with type 1 diabetes avoid some of the long - term complications that arise from the illness , such as kidney , eye and nerve damage , which result from chronically high levels of blood sugar .
Journal reference : Journal of the American Medical Association ( vol 297 , p 1568 )
Drugs that adjust dopamine levels in the brain greatly affect how people react to success and failure , according to research presented at the American Academy of Neurology 's 59th Annual Meeting in Boston .
In a first - of - its - kind study on humans , researchers measured how dopamine - related drugs affect the striatum , a part of the brain that is stimulated by rewards .
The study , conducted at the Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging in London , involved 39 healthy people between the ages of 18 and 39 .
Participants were divided into three groups .
One group was given levodopa , a drug that increases dopamine levels in the brain .
Another took haloperidol , a dopamine receptor blocker .
The third was given a placebo .
Dopamine is a chemical naturally produced by the body that transmits signals between nerve cells .
Researchers showed each group symbols associated with winning or losing different amounts of money .
To " win " more money , participants had to learn through trial and error which symbols resulted in which outcomes .
The study found people who took levodopa were 95 percent more likely to choose symbols associated with higher monetary gains than those who took haloperidol .
As a result , the levodopa group won more money , but they did not lose less money .
" The results show dopamine drives us to get what we want , but not avoid what we fear , " said study author Mathias Pessiglione , PhD , who now works at the Salpetriere Hospital in Paris , France .
The findings may provide a better understanding of the side effects of dopamine - related drugs and the disorders they are used to treat , such as Parkinson 's disease and schizophrenia .
" This study may explain why dopamine depletion leads to the lack of motivation often described in people with Parkinson 's disease , " said Pessiglione , " and how dopamine replacement therapy can cause compulsive behaviors , such as overeating and gambling addictions , in the same people . "
In my last entry , I talked about practical business advice dealing with business partners .
Some people started to bring up issues of money , so I figured I should talk a bit about that .
Keep in mind that a lot of business planning is pretty grim by nature .
You want to keep your business running , but it will almost always be teetering on the edge .
You do n’t go into game development for the money ; if you do , you ’re a fool .
Therefore , you need to be extra careful and extra considerate about money .
So , here ’s some practical bits of advice about money , after the break .
1 . Hire an accountant ( and a lawyer )
Seriously , you do not want to have to deal with this stuff yourself .
Filing corporate tax forms makes smart people cry .
Even filing an additional schedule for a Sole Proprietorship can be a hassle .
Get an accountant to help you with the tax filing .
The accountant will guarantee his or her work , so if there ’s a screwup they will have to cover it .
Trust me , you do n’t want to have to handle this stuff yourself .
Likewise , get a good lawyer .
Even if it ’s just to review contracts and provide boilerplate contracts for you to use , it can save you a lot of heartache down the line .
But , do not use these professionals as an excuse not to understand the details .
Get to know the important bits about tax issues for your company .
Learn about Intellectual Property and how it affects your company .
Even if you ’re not going to be filing tax forms or filling out a patent application yourself , understanding the basics can help .
These professionals are there to do the busy work so you do not have to .
They also know the details so you can learn from them .
And , the best way to save money on these is to make a friend in these fields .
Someone in your family may know an accountant or a lawyer .
If so , you might be able to get some light services , such as simple contract reviews , on the cheap or even free .
Even if you have to hire someone unknown , let them know about your company .
They may appreciate having a game developer as a client and may not charge you as much as they do the ruthless capitalists they have to deal with most of the time .
Some firms I have worked with will even do things like some file intellectual property claims for free , understanding that if you need to enforce that claim you will hire them to help you do so .
As I once heard , the lawyer protects your company from everyone , except for the IRS .
The accountant helps protect you from the IRS .
2. Cash flow is vital !
If you do not have the cash to pay for something , that is bad .
Always plan ahead and be prepared to change plans if needed .
Prioritize your expenses and stick to them .
Taxes must always be paid , ALWAYS .
Payroll is next most important because it sucks to not pay the people that try to make you money ; plus , there are laws supporting them .
For most other bills , things can be flexible .
Most places wo n’t shut things down immediately if you ’re a bit late .
But , try not to get into a habit of being late .
A nice letter to someone you work with directly can be nice if you ’re a bit late .
That goes a long way towards smoothing over a situation when you have to pay a bit late .
Get a good bookkeeping software package to track your money .
I use QuickBooks , but there are some other highly recommended programs out there that you may find more to your liking .
Some people are able to use a simple spreadsheet and claim that works fine , more power to them .
Just make sure you track your income and expenses using the method your chose and be detail - orientated .
Work with your accountant to come up with a good system to help you keep things organized for your own convenience .
Some programs also have tools for tracking payments and expected income , which can help you manage your cash flow .
But , before you start spending money when “ the check is in the mail ” , remember that …
3. Business moves slow
UPS had the slogan “ moving at the speed of business . ”
To which I would respond , “ That slow ? ! ? ”
The simple fact is that business moves slow .
Large companies can make a lot of money by delaying payment as long as they can .
Small companies are in the same situation you are and may not have the cash to pay exactly when you expect .
Prepare for some payments to be late .
Prepare for some of of your debt to never be paid .
“ Bad debt ” is common in small business , so always hedge your bets if you can .
Be wary of exclusive arrangements because there ’s always the possibility that someone wo n’t pay for what they say they will .
Or , they may delay the payment , inadvertently of course , just enough to put you in a bad situation .
Likewise , it will take you a while to sign contracts .
When we were buying Meridian 59 from 3DO , everything was set in place : we were named a price , we did n’t haggle , and we were ready to take possession immediately .
Yet , it took almost a year for the contract to be negotiated and signed .
Eventually our lawyer stepped in and pressed 3DO to finish the deal .
( Which goes back to bit number 1 above , having a good lawyer can help a lot ! )
So , do n’t bank on things getting done quickly .
4 . Live within your means
This is true for the business and for yourself .
On a personal level , understand that you wo n’t be making six figures and adjust your lifestyle appropriately .
Get a dependable car with good gas mileage instead of something flashy or expensive .
Be prepared to live somewhere you can get cheap rent .
You might have to put up with roommates for a few more years .
Jeff Tunnell wrote a great blog post about Five Foundational Steps To Surviving As A Game Developer ; his first bit of advice is “ Right Size Your Life ” , and that is vital advice .
It ’s something I did n’t do very well , and I ’m still living with large credit card debt I ’m struggling to pay off as an indie .
Likewise , make sure your significant other realizes what ’s going on .
My wonderful soulmate works hard at her boring jobs to let me do my game thing .
She understands that it is an investment , and she supports me in what I do .
I ’m very , VERY lucky in this regard .
Make sure that your significant other is aware of the sacrifices that will be required .
Consider the well - being of your family and yourself before you get neck - deep into running a company .
As I said , “ live within your means ” applies to your business as well .
It might be cool to go get the high - end $ 3,500 Alienware notebook computers , but do you really need that ?
Can someone on your team put together a few desktop systems and save money ?
Can you get a used laptop to check email and write documents while on the road ?
Can you work from home instead of getting posh office space ?
Perhaps rent some office space by the hour if you have to entertain clients ?
Take a serious look at your expenses .
At Near Death Studios , we only have four main expenses : taxes , bandwidth , accountant , and salaries ( including a payroll company ) .
Sometimes we use our lawyer , but only when we really need to .
We all work from home , and we save money when we can .
As a result , we ’re able to stay profitable even with a very modest income .
5 . Remember , time really is money
One of the hardest things about starting up a company is focus .
It ’s easy to fire up WoW or EQ2 or some other game and spend hours that you should have spent working .
Or , maybe your blog takes up considerable time .
( Not mine , of course , I provide it as an educational reference ! )
Keep in mind that the minutes you fritter away doing other things is time you ’re not spending on your project .
This just delays your project in the long term , and reduces your chances for success .
Do n’t hesitate to roll up your sleeves and jump in .
Keep this in mind for other things , too .
The accountant and lawyer will help save you time in the long run if you use them well .
They can spend the time to file taxes and handle the other details it would take you too long to deal with .
It can save you money in the long run if you have the money to spare at the time .
Of course , do n’t be foolish and take this to the extremes .
If your bank account is empty and rent is due , do n’t hesitate to take some paying work to make sure you do n’t have to worry about having a roof over your head .
And , do n’t forget to have some fun .
Loading up WoW on occasion is n’t a sin , but just make sure you ’re doing it to relax rather than to simply avoid doing work .
After all , you have to keep up with the market , right ?
Finally , remember you can invest some time for future payoff .
For example , having a blog can be a great way to promote yourself and your ability .
At the Austin conference , many people said they read my blog and enjoyed it .
( Now they can prove that assertion by posting a comment here ! ;)
But , it has helped me become a bit better recognized in the industry , and potentially land some consulting work .
So , it ’s time well invested in my case .
Feel free to post your own advice .
The wife of a jailed Chinese cyber - dissident has travelled to the US to sue Yahoo !
for its role in facilitating his prosecution .
Wang Xianoning was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment in 2003 for posting what Beijing claimed were subversive materials on the net .
His wife , Yu Ling , flew into the US this week with the aim of suing Yahoo !
for damages and forcing the net giant to apologise for the actions of its Hong Kong division , which passed on email account information that revealed her husband 's identity , the Voice of America reports .
Ling gave an interview with US government radio outlet Voice of America which will be broadcast to China via its Mandarin service .
Human rights organisations , such as Paris - based Reporters Without Borders , have repeatedly criticised Yahoo ! for handing over information that has led to the prosecution and imprisonment of several Chinese cyber - dissidents .
It reckons Wang is one of 50 people imprisoned in China for voicing their opinions on controversial issues online . ®
California has the nation ’s highest concentration of minorities living near hazardous waste facilities , according to a newly released study .
Greater Los Angeles tops the nation with 1.2 million people living less than two miles from 17 such facilities , and 91 % of them , or 1.1 million , are minorities .
Statewide the figure was 81 % .
The study , conducted by researchers at four universities for the United Church of Christ , examined census data for neighborhoods adjacent to 413 facilities nationwide that process or store hazardous chemical waste produced by refineries , metal plating shops , drycleaners and battery recyclers , among others .
Though about one - third of U.S. residents are nonwhite , more than half of the people living near such facilities were Latino , African American or Asian American , according to the report .
The cause is simple , said Robert Bullard , a sociologist at Clark Atlanta University in Georgia and lead author of the study , which updates a landmark report from two decades ago .
“ The most potent predictor of where these facilities are sited is not how much income you have ; it ’s race ....
You do n’t have many of these facilities in West Los Angeles , and you do n’t have many minorities in West Los Angeles either ....
You ’ve got both in Vernon and surrounding neighborhoods . ”
Advertisement
L.A. ranked first among major urban areas with the most people living near hazardous waste facilities .
Oakland and Orange County placed fifth and sixth , respectively , with hazardous sites in Santa Ana and other minority neighborhoods .
The study also found that hazardous waste facilities were often clustered with other potentially dangerous industries , and that the rate of minority residents in areas with multiple hazards was even higher .
“ There ’s a piling on effect ....
You get the landfill because you ’ve already got the incinerator , the paint manufacturer , the chemical plant , ” Bullard said .
“ These neighborhoods become basically sacrifice zones . ”
Sue Briggum , vice president of federal public affairs for Waste Management , which operates several of the facilities examined in the study , including a landfill in Kettleman City , Calif. , said the hazardous waste industry is heavily regulated for safety and provides an important recycling service .
Advertisement
Briggum , who served on a national environmental justice task force several years ago , acknowledged the problems highlighted by the study .
“ There ’s no disputing the facts , ” she said .
But , she added , the industry and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency have done a great deal in recent years to try to reduce emissions , beef up safety and address other concerns in affected neighborhoods .
Although low - income neighborhoods were much more likely to have hazardous waste facilities , some of the areas examined were quite affluent , including one in Seattle that is predominantly Asian , said study coauthor Robin Saha , a sociologist with the University of Montana .
Bullard said the saddest case researchers studied was in rural Dickson County , Tenn. , an almost entirely white area in which every industrial waste facility in the 300,000 - acre county was built next to a 150 - acre farm owned by a black family .
The study took EPA officials to task for failing to implement an executive order by President Clinton requiring that environmental justice issues and the cumulative effects of clustering such facilities in some neighborhoods be a mandatory part of environmental reviews .
Advertisement
Rep. Hilda Solis ( D - El Monte ) introduced legislation in February designed to achieve the same goals .
“ This legislation is a critical first step to achieving real and lasting justice for minority and low - income communities across this country . ”
Solis said .
“ Codifying the executive order will empower communities without a voice to join in the fight to protect their health and welfare . ”
EPA spokeswoman Jennifer Wood said the agency recognizes “ that minority and / or low - income communities frequently may be disproportionately and adversely exposed to environmental harms and risks , ” and that the EPA attempts to address environmental justice concerns in its planning and budgeting .
But Bullard said the EPA ’s inspector general and the U.S. General Accountability Office have chastised the agency for its handling of environmental justice issues .
President Bush ’s 2008 budget recommends a 28 % cut in funds for such programs , he said
Advertisement
The report follows up on issues originally raised in the 1987 study “ Toxic Wastes and Race in the United States , ” which is widely considered to have given birth to the environmental justice movement by linking race and income to elevated levels of environmental and industrial risk .
“ We think that we ’ve gotten so far in civil rights and creating a more equal society , ” coauthor Saha said of the new findings .
“ But when it comes to the environment , to the most basic things -- air and water -- we have a long way to go still . ”
janet.wilson@latimes.com
*
Advertisement
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Neighborhoods near hazardous waste sites
A new report lists 10 California metropolitan areas where residents living less than two miles from hazardous waste facilities were disproportionately minorities .
Percent people of color * living in neighborhoods that are :
Advertisement
*--* Metropolitan area Near waste ( no. of facilities ) facilities Not near Difference L.A. / Long Beach ( 17 ) 90.9 % 65.8 % 25.0 % Fresno ( 2 ) 78.4 58.9 19.6 San Jose ( 2 ) 77.1 53.6 23.5 Oakland ( 6 ) 76.0 49.2 26.7 Riverside / San Bernardino ( 4 ) 70.5 52.4 18.2 Orange County ( 3 ) 69.8 46.8 23.0 Vallejo / Fairfield / Napa ( 2 ) 59.1 45.4 13.7 Stockton / Lodi ( 1 ) 58.3 52.4 6.0 San Francisco ( 2 ) 55.6 48.6 7.0 Sacramento ( 1 ) 41.9 35.7 6.1
*--*
* Includes Latinos , African Americans , Asians , Pacific Islanders , Native Americans and other minorites .
Sources : United Church of Christ Justice and Witness Ministries , 2000 census
Dear Bill Gates
First , the apology .
Having complained here on 6 February that your new Vista operating system was driving me bonkers , it would have been polite to give you an update before now .
And had I been a little less self - obsessed , I would have commiserated with you for the wobble in your share price a few weeks ago when your chief executive warned that Wall Street ’s estimates of revenues from Vista in the coming year were over the top ( though analysts still expect Vista to generate comfortably over $ 15bn of sales in the year from June 2007 ) .
But in delaying my progress report , I gave you the benefit of the doubt .
I assumed that Vista would soon become compatible with the assorted tools of my trade , so I could write you a belated note of congratulation .
In fact my Vista experience has gone from bad to worse .
One of your engineers has informed me that my HP iPAQ PocketPC will never be compatible with Vista , even though the software it runs is Microsoft software .
Hey ho .
That ’s an expensive and serviceable bit of kit written off prematurely .
Your engineer has however held out the tantalising prospect that Olympus may produce new drivers such that I would eventually be able to transfer sound files from my digital voice recorder to my new Vista laptop .
But so far , those drivers are proving a bit elusive and my digital recorder may also become redundant .
But as economists say , there ’s no point in obsessing over spilt milk .
However , here ’s what almost sent me over the edge this weekend .
I installed Office XP on my new laptop , and have been puzzled and irked that Outlook will not save sign - on passwords .
It means I have to type in my passwords every time I check my e-mail accounts for new mail .
For weeks I ’ve been investigating possible fixes to this annoying glitch .
But yesterday I came across an explanation from someone called the Microsoft AppCompat Guy , on Microsoft ’s discussion forum for “ General Windows Vista Development Issues ” .
This is what AppCompat Guy says : “ This was a difficult deliberate choice .
During the development of Vista , it was discovered that the password storage algorithm used by Outlook was too weak to protect your data from future , potential attacks .
Both the security and application compatibility teams decided that protecting your data outweighed the inconvenience of having to retype your passwords .
As the appcompat representative , I can assure you this was not a decision we took lightly … ”
So just to be clear , Microsoft has created a new operating system that is n’t properly compatible with a best - selling , still perfectly useable version of its own software .
Which of course provides quite a powerful incentive for me to spend up to £ 99.99 on upgrading to Microsoft Outlook 2007 – except that in my current mood , I ’d rather stick pins in my eyes .
In a way you ’re to be congratulated .
Vista should provide a significant boost to Microsoft ’s cash flow , from sales of the basic operating system and sales of new versions of other Microsoft software , like Outlook , that are presumably designed to work brilliantly with it .
Also there ’ll be incremental revenue for the whole computer industry , as customers like me are forced to replace accessories like my HP PDA , which has been Vista ’d into obsolescence .
To put it in personal terms , the £ 650 I spent to replace a dead laptop may lead me to spend a further £ 400 or so , just so that I can continue to do with my laptop what I expect to be able to do with it .
All of which sounds like good news for you and the IT industry in general .
Except that I ’m left with the uneasy feeling that I ’ve been ever - so - elegantly mugged .
Presumably there ’s no connection between your recent sales downgrade and what you might call the negative goodwill generated for customers like me .
Hasta la vista , as they say
Do n't shoot the messenger people !!
Crazy , wild stuff is going down in this week 's The National Enquirer all about Brad and Angelina 's new baby .
Looks like their might be some trouble brewing on the home front soon !
" Angelina Jolie has been struggling with the most explosive Hollywood secret ever !
Brad Pitt may not be the father of her newborn daughter , a source tells The Enquirer ! "
Sources tell the mag that Angelina told pals she slept w/ another man
( Jenny Shimizu ? ? )
Brad possibly not Shiloh 's birth daddy ?
before getting pregnant , and now is worried that Brad may not be the baby daddy !
Throughout her entire pregnancy sources say she suffered quietly after doing the math that led her to fear Brad might not be the father .
If you remember back in November , I covered a story that was featured in In Touch Weekly ( check it here ) that claimed Angelina 's ex Jonny Lee Miller was goin ' about town saying shit like he was still boinking Angelina and that Brad would be very upset if he ever found out .
NE claims that Angie is totally freaked out about losing her man and desperately wants to keep him away from his ex Jennifer Aniston .
She reportedly wants to pack up the family , stay outta Malibu ( Jen 's territory ) and move it to France .
If Angie has it her way , they 'll be living there for years to come !
Brad possibly not Shiloh 's birth daddy ?
Oh no !
The horror !
Pick up the latest issue of The National Enquirer to find out the rest of the dirt folks !
The moment Poland joined the EU , its citizens rushed for the exits .
Five thousand doctors alone have left since 2004 .
But what 's so bad about the old country , or so great about destinations like Britain ?
Helen Pidd and Luke Harding report from beautiful , cultured - but unloved - Wroclaw
At bay number four in Wroclaw 's bus station , a group of young Poles are standing around in the afternoon sunshine .
Among them is Michal Wardas , a 24 - year - old university student .
He is off to spend the next two months working as a waiter on the Isle of Wight .
" I like Britain .
The people are friendly .
I 've been four times in the past two years , " Wardas says , dumping his rucksack on the 51 - seater Globus coach , and climbing on board for the 20 - hour journey to London .
The trip will take him through the drab motorway landscape of central Europe - down Germany 's autobahns , through Holland and the town of Eindhoven , and into Britain via Calais and the Channel tunnel .
There will be lots of free coffee , and videos of Polish comedies and Mr Bean - not a bad introduction to life in Britain , perhaps , for Poles not fluent in English .
Wardas 's mum , Teresa , has come to wave him off .
" I 'm very sad he 's leaving , " she says .
" When I grew up you could n't visit the west .
The only place we could go was the Soviet Union .
But this is a different generation . "
What makes this scene in Wroclaw , in south - west Poland , unusual is the epic scale of the exodus .
On quiet days six buses leave for " Anglia " , the Polish word for England ; when it 's busy , it is 15 .
The buses are all full ; you have to book .
With Ryanair flying twice a day between Wroclaw and Stansted as well , a quick back - of - an - envelope calculation reveals that around 1,000 Wroclavians a day are heading to London , Liverpool , Manchester , Stoke - on - Trent and other UK destinations .
Nobody knows how many Poles go back home .
But given that the Ryanair fare from Wroclaw to London often costs three times as much as flying in the other direction , it is clear that most of the traffic is heading one way .
Wardas is part of the biggest wave of emigration into Britain for three centuries .
Official statistics suggest that 228,000 Poles have registered to live and work in Britain since Poland joined the EU in May 2004 .
Other estimates suggest the real figure is between 350,000 and 500,000 , while last week the respected Polish news magazine Polityka estimated that one million Poles have moved to the UK .
Some 83 % of them are under 34 .
This benign invasion of eager and biddable young Poles has , it is generally agreed , been marvellous for the British economy and anyone who had previously struggled to find a cheap plumber .
But what has the impact been on Poland , where 16.5 % of inhabitants are unemployed and the average national wage is just £ 5,226 per year ?
Some two years on , there is a growing realisation that the " brain drain " now gripping eastern Europe 's biggest country is nothing less than a national disaster .
" In my neighbourhood near Warsaw some 25 businesses have closed down , " noted Krystyna Iglicka , an expert on demography at Warsaw 's Centre for International Relations , this week .
" The boy who delivered my pizza has disappeared .
My hairdresser has gone .
The gardener who used to do my garden now works in Great Britain for a landscape architect .
A friend of mine took him .
My local garage has shut down .
Everyone has moved to Britain or to Ireland . "
In Wroclaw , Poland 's fourth largest city with 675,000 inhabitants , officials are seriously worried .
With its Gothic churches , baroque university and languid willow - lined canals , this historic town on the banks of the Odra river could hardly be more enticing .
Germany is a few hours ' drive away , the Czech Republic and Sudety mountains are nearby .
Formerly ruled by the Austrians , Bohemians and the Germans - who left in 1945 - it is probably Poland 's most European city .
At night tipsy students stagger arm in arm down the restored medieval streets ; swallows circle the cathedral 's twin towers ; you can even see the odd nun sending an SMS .
But the problem , as the city 's ambitious mayor , Rafal Dutkiewicz , explains , is that much of Wroclaw 's educated workforce has gone .
" It 's irritating that nobody has been talking about this issue , " he says , speaking from his office overlooking the Rynek , Wroclaw 's pretty cobbled market square .
" I 'm a big fan of a free Europe .
I believe people should be allowed to make their own decisions .
At the same time it 's my job to try and create an alternative so that not everybody goes off to Britain . "
The mayor is trying to persuade some of the thousands of Poles who have decamped to Britain to come back .
The city has launched an advertising campaign in Polish papers in Britain under the slogan : " Wroc - loves you . "
It has set up an internet site for homesick Poles ( www.terazwroclaw.pl) and taken out radio adverts on Polish radio stations such as Radio Orla in London .
It is even sponsoring Polish cultural events - not folk choirs in national costume , but gigs at the 2,000 - capacity London Astoria and other major venues .
( " We did n't want to do anything too formal .
We wanted to get across the message that Wroclaw was cool , " says Pawel Romaszkan from Wroclaw 's tourism office , who will be touring Britain in September and October , with the message : " Come home . "
And since 2001 , Polityka has launched another scheme called Stay With Us , sponsored by some of Poland 's biggest companies , to persuade the country 's leading young academics to resist the lure of foreign shores .
So far , about 100 rising stars have received around £ 4,200 to stay put .
Unfortunately , most Poles now in London consider the idea of going back to their homeland a non-starter .
" Why on earth would I go back ? " says 34 - year - old Rafal Stanczak from Wroclaw , who has been driving vans in Britain for a year .
" Here I get four times the wages I got in Wroclaw , and it is only twice as expensive to live . "
But it 's not just about the money .
Ask almost any young Pole in Britain why they are here , and chances are they will say they fancied an adventure .
Unlike previous generations , whose only chance to experience the west was on TV , this lot - just like their contemporaries the world over - are keen to travel .
" We 're living in a free Europe now and I want to see as much of it as possible , " says one Pole in London , Jacek Rudnicki .
" I love Wroclaw , " says 28 - year - old Jacek Zelaszkiewicz , who is standing in the city 's biggest square , " but I want to see other cities ; big places where I wo n't bump into an ex-girlfriend on every corner . "
If Wroclaw is unable to tempt people back , there is little hope that the more depressed towns in the region - with their communist - era tower blocks and ageing population - can do any better .
Instead , the dire consequences for Poland are becoming increasingly clear .
There are labour shortages in several sectors of the Polish economy - in services , trade , the building industry and science .
The most acute problem of all , however , is in medicine .
Some 5,000 doctors have left Poland over the past two years .
In Lower Silesia , where Wroclaw is located , a quarter of all anaesthetists have applied for the special certificate that allows them to work abroad ; nationally the figure is 14 % ( see Agnieszka Walecka case study , p9 ) .
One hospital in the region recently suspended operations because all 10 anaesthetists walked out in protest at low pay .
Poland 's underfunded health service is also running out of nurses .
" The situation is drastic .
There are too few anaesthetists , " says Jerzy Wyszumirski , vice - president of Poland 's anaesthetists ' association .
" Of course this affects patients .
Doctors are over - tired , frustrated and in a hurry .
We are now working 70 hours a week .
In this situation there are bound to be mistakes . "
Has anyone died yet ?
" No .
But to give you a hypothetical example , in an emergency we may now be able to treat only one patient instead of three . "
In Poland , an anaesthetist earns as little as 1,200 - 1,400 zloty a month - £ 200 .
A top specialist might get 10,000 zloty - £ 1,600 .
Such salaries spectacularly fail to compare with the NHS , where anaesthetists earn £ 45,000 - £ 110,000 a year , and have far greater opportunities for professional development .
Last year Wyszumirski wrote to Poland 's health ministry , pointing out that " embarrassingly low wages " meant that all the best doctors were leaving the country .
Last month the ministry wrote back .
It said it was " monitoring " the situation and promised higher pay and more anaesthetists .
Poland 's eccentric rightwing coalition government - headed by president Lech Kaczynski and his prime minister twin brother Jaroslaw - appears not to have got to grips with the problem .
But even if Poland does manage to train more doctors , it seems inevitable that many of them will end up in Bristol or Glasgow .
For the moment , then , the lure of higher wages in the UK is irresistible , not just for middle - class professionals but also for anyone with ambition , prepared to take a low - skilled job and improve their English .
According to figures from the Home Office , at least two - thirds of Polish immigrants in Britain take society 's lowest paid work .
" In England I can earn five times as much as in Poland , " says Lukasz Nowak , a 24 - year - old student boarding the bus to Anglia .
" I 've never been in Britain before .
But I 'm going to stay with a friend .
He 's promised to find me a job .
Apparently it 's easy . "
Can he speak English ?
" Nie . "
Those left behind find the exodus to Britain as irritating as it is understandable .
" It 's our educated young people who are leaving , " complains Alicja Zubik , a partner in a successful estate agents in Wroclaw .
" The only reason is money .
The Polish taxpayer paid for their education in the first place . "
Her most promising young employee was economics graduate Kamila Smakulska .
She set off for London a year ago , and is now working as a waitress .
Zubik admits Smakulska has been hard to replace .
She points out that at crucial moments in Poland 's history much of the country 's population has cleared off .
It happened when Russia , Austria and Prussia partitioned Poland in the 19th century , effacing it from the map ; there was another wave of mass emigration in the early 20th century ; then the catastrophe of the second world war , and communist rule .
" Poland has been running to catch up .
But we keep on falling into a hole .
Our skilled people are always leaving , " she says .
What would her message be to Smakulska and other young Poles in Britain ?
" I would say , ' Be happy ' .
Take the best examples and best practices from abroad .
And then come back . "
But Smakulska does n't feel guilty for leaving - in fact , every Pole we spoke to in London thought that EU membership was a good excuse to desert their country , albeit temporarily : the vast majority say their sojourn in the UK is not permanent .
The wave of migration to Britain since 2004 has brought some benefits .
Last year Poles working outside their country sent home 22bn zloty - almost £ 4bn .
Economists calculate the money accounted for 1.5 % of Poland 's economic growth last year , now running at 5 % .
The country 's chronic unemployment rate is also shrinking : there are now 300,000 fewer jobseekers than last year , although this does n't necessarily point to massive job creation , given the number of people who have left the country .
At the same time wages have gone up by 8 % .
For the first time Polish politicians have started discussing how to fill labour shortages in Poland itself , with calls for restrictions to be lifted so that Ukrainians and Belarussians can come and work .
As Poles leave for Britain , workers from even lower - wage countries move to Poland - a sort of globalisation merry - go - round .
And if the experience of previous migrations is anything to go by , many of the Poles in Britain will come back .
Demographers identify two kinds of migrant - the " hamsters " who curl up and stay in their adopted country , and the " storks " who go abroad seasonally but eventually fly home .
" People are leaving , " says Rafal Dutkiewicz .
" But some will return .
When they do , we want to present Wroclaw as a really nice city for them to live in . "
Back at Wroclaw bus station , the latest coach to Anglia is pulling in .
The coach 's driver , Gienek , says he likes Britain but would never consider actually living there .
" I 've travelled all over Europe , " he says .
" I 've been to Italy , France and Germany .
I like Britain .
But at the end of the day it 's nothing special "
Pawel Glijerski
In Poland : a fruit juice salesman
In Britain : drives a forklift truck for Tesco
" If you can speak English , it 's easy to get a job in the UK , " says Glijerski , who since February has been in Milton Keynes working for Tesco 's massive distribution centre .
Everything was organised before he stepped on the plane .
He spotted an advert in Gazeta Wyborska , Poland 's bestselling newspaper , which said , " Work in Great Britain !
Excellent rates of pay ! " alongside a freephone number .
Glijerski called and , thanks to his language skills and forklift truck licence , soon had a job .
Tesco organised everything , including shared accommodation at £ 60 per week - more , as Glijerski notes wryly , than the going rate in the area .
Tesco 's pay - just over £ 8 an hour - is good .
A speculator with an excellent economics degree , Glijerski is planning for the future , and much of his wages are put aside to pay for two flats he bought off - plan in Wroclaw last year .
" It 's frustrating sometimes , having a good education and spending all day every day haring around in a warehouse , " he says , " but this is n't a permanent thing . "
When he has earned enough , he 's going to head back over to Wroclaw , move into one of his flats with his girlfriend and become a broker on the stock exchange .
He enjoys the job , and says he can understand why some of his colleagues speak badly of the Polish invasion .
" I read in the news about Peugeot closing down its plant in Coventry , and other mass redundancies , so I can appreciate how people feel seeing how easy it is for foreigners to get jobs here . "
One man complained to Glijerski that it was unfair that he , as a Pole , had such a plum job while the British man 's wife was unemployed .
" He asked me how this could be the case .
And because I have a masters in economics I was able to explain it to him . "
Agnieszka Walecka , 36
In Poland : an anaesthetist
In Britain : an anaesthetist
In 2005 , after almost 14 years of medical training as an anaesthetist , Walecka was earning 1,750 zloty ( £ 300 ) a month working at the Lower Silesian Lung Diseases Hospital in Wroclaw .
Despite being just one grade below consultant level , she had to take private work in the evenings to supplement her income , and lived with her mother in a semi- detached house in the city .
It was not unusual for her to work 24 hours or more at a stretch - which , as she says with droll understatement , " is n't good for anyone , especially anaesthetists " .
Last year , fed up with working round the clock and frustrated at the lack of training opportunities offered to doctors in Poland , she followed a colleague to Britain .
Her first post was at a hospital in Swindon , and since April she has been working at the Charing Cross Hospital in London .
Here , her annual salary is around £ 45,000 .
She rents a two - bedroom flat in a desirable part of west London and is actively encouraged to take time to get her medical knowledge up to date .
Back in Wroclaw , where an astonishing 25 % of anaesthetists have applied for the special certificate that allows them to practise abroad , her hospital struggles on .
A year ago there were eight anaesthetists , which was n't nearly enough .
Now , with Walecka and her colleague gone , there are six , with no hope of replacing the deserters .
Dr Jerzy Wyszumirski , vice - president of Poland's anaesthetists ' association , and a former colleague of Walecka , is clearly worried : " We have a real problem .
There are not enough of us left .
Operations are being cancelled or postponed .
The waiting lists are getting longer .
We are trying to find new people .
But it 's proving very difficult . "
But Walecka does n't feel guilty .
" I want to help them , " she says .
" I want to encourage them to come to Britain , where they have the opportunity to really progress in their career .
Even if they come for an unpaid placement , it will be worth it for them .
It wo n't even cost them anything ; they can stay in my flat . "
Piotr Dobroniak , 29
In Poland : a well - paid manager
In Britain : a labourer
Piotr Dobroniak had a good job back in Wroclaw .
After working for seven years at a big cash - and - carry chain in Dlugoleka , 10 km from Wroclaw , he had risen through the ranks to become a manager , a very well - regarded position in Poland .
By 2005 he had around 40 people working under him and took home 7,000 zloty ( almost £ 1,200 ) a month , far above the national average of £ 435 .
He was happy and well - off , but bored and still , aged 28 , having his style cramped by living at home with his mother and grandmother .
One day , he and a friend were having the usual conversation about what a dead - end place Poland was .
This time , they decided to do something about it .
Within two weeks Dobroniak was on a bus to London .
Twenty hours later , he arrived at Victoria and practised saying " Hello !
I 'm looking for a job " until he no longer stumbled over the words .
Getting a job in Britain as an immigrant is one big Catch - 22 .
For above - board positions , you can't be employed without a British bank account and a National Insurance number ; the twist is that you can't get an NI number without backing from a potential employer .
Then there was the added problem of his nationality .
One of his first jobs was as a builder at the new Wembley stadium .
There was a lot of tension between the British and foreign workers .
" One day , one of the English guys said , ' It 's too bad that Hitler did n't kick your asses properly ' , " he remembers .
Dobroniak now works as a labourer for a stonemasonry company , earning £ 50 a day before tax .
It may be less than he earned back home , but that , he says , is not the point .
" Here I feel free . "
Back in Wroclaw , one of his former colleagues , Michal Grabowski , says the firm has been unable to replace Dobroniak with a worker of the same calibre .
" They 're just getting weaker and weaker , " he says .
Grabowski has just enrolled on an English course and hopes to try his luck in Britain within a year .
Happy in London , Dobroniak says he may never go back .
Things are looking up .
He has just had an interview for a job as a manager with Lidl supermarket .
He was worried he would n't stand a chance because of his shaky English , but the interviewer was n't perturbed .
" After all , " she said , " almost all of the workers are Polish anyway . "
Rafal Stanczak , 34
In Poland : a rep for a pharmaceutical company
In Britain : a van driver
It was the corruption that got to Stanczak in the end .
" I just woke up one day last year and knew that I had to get out , " he says , in the garden of the three - bedroom house in Seven Sisters , London , that he shares with five other Poles .
" Poland is sick .
Corruption , affairs , scandals ... I had had enough .
I had no wife , no kids and was going nowhere . "
So he left .
Just like that .
And he 's not regretting it .
" Here there is less nepotism .
It 's more of a meritocracy .
You get the job if you 've got the skills , not if you know the right people . "
But more important than work , he says , is the freedom afforded by life in Britain .
" Here I have carte blanche to do whatever I want .
After one week 's work here , I could buy plane tickets to go to Barcelona .
I can hop on the tube and go and see concerts .
I love it . "
Back in Wroclaw , his friend Jacek Zelaszkiewicz says he's not surprised that Stanczak upped sticks and left .
" No one in Poland can understand that it 's OK to be 34 and to have not started a family yet , " he says .
Though Zelaszkiewicz has his own business running a record shop in Wroclaw , he too is planning to leave .
" I have to get the money together to pay my mortgage , " he says .
Kamila Smakulska , 27
In Poland : an estate agent
In Britain : a waitress
It was a combination of love and adventure that brought Kamila Smakulska to Britain a year ago .
Her long - term boyfriend , Krysztof , was already in London , and Smakulska had itchy feet .
" I just wanted to change something in my life , " she says .
" I had a good job , working at an estate agents in Wroclaw , and I could live quite well , but even on 2,000 zloty a month ( £ 340 ) I could n't afford my own flat and wanted to see something new . "
She now lives with Krysztof in North Acton , a very Polish area of London .
Back home , that would n't have been possible unless they were married .
" It 's a Catholic and cultural thing , " she shrugs .
She now works as a waitress at Westminster City Hall , earning £ 200 a week after tax , and is taking English lessons three evenings a week .
She was only planning to stay for a few months , but is now thinking about doing a Masters .
She misses the main square in Wroclaw , and the Japanese gardens too , but says the only thing that would get her back home right now would be family problems .
" The mayor 's campaign [ to lure Poles back from Britain ] will never work , " she says .
" I know so many people in Wroclaw who can't find a job . "
July 24 , 2006
One glance at a Ted Brewer violin leaves one in no doubt whether he is a maker of traditional musical instruments .
He freely acknowledges that with a world of changing possibilities , it is his duty to explore applying new materials , technology , design and his passion for crafting beautiful instruments to explore the future of the violin .
Currently Brewer produces three models at his Rotherham , U.K. workshop – the customised individually produced Crossbow ( as used by Vanessa Mae ( video here ) ) and Hades and the new Vivo2 .
Ted handcrafted just 25 instruments a year until massive market demand forced a need to look to greater throughput and he began to explore new production methods for his new vivo2 line , which is now sold by selected stockists .
Instead of hand - carving his instruments from acrylic block , he took full advantage of the capabilities of GE Plastics ' Lexan Visualfx special effects resin to add some stunning visual impact at the same time as moving to injection molding .
The use of mainly transparent ( mixed with blue and violet ) special effects resin also allowed Brewer Violins to incorporate a special illumination feature : the Vivo2 violin has a built - in sound - to - light capability using two vertical banks of super - bright white LEDs .
Light pulses along the length of the instrument to complement the music .
The Crossbow can be heard here , the Hades can be heard here , and the Vivo2 can be heard here and here .
In addition to color effects , the GE resin provides the high performance and design flexibility for which it is renowned .
Injection - molding the violin body instead of carving it allowed Ted Brewer Violins to create unique designs that not only are visually compelling but also deliver exceptional audio quality .
According to Ted , GE Plastics provided both the material and expertise that Brewer was looking for to help perfect his Vivo2 design .
" I tried some other suppliers , but nothing came close to GE 's Lexan Visualfx special effects resin .
The outstanding quality , finish , and visual effects of our Vivo2 violins are just superb .
The GE team provided amazing support - they pulled out all the stops to find the exact color effects I had in mind , and shipped the material as fast as humanly possible so we could get into production quickly . "
GE delivered pellet samples to the company in a 96 - hour turnaround .
The Vivo2 violin is manufactured with Lexan resin in three colors : blue , violet , and clear , and uses the Visualfx diamond effect .
The color - matching service was provided by GE's Customer Innovation Center ( CIC ) in Bergen op Zoom , The Netherlands .
The CIC , one of three global centers operated by the company , provides color and special effects expertise and services to customers across the entire product line .
GE's Visualfx portfolio of special effects resins can be customized with a host of special effects and color variations .
In the case of the Vivo2 , GE specialists customized the Lexan Visualfx special effects resin to downplay the diamond effect and provide just a suggestion of sparkle .
Other GE experts worked with the molder to optimize processing for an improved surface finish .
The Vivo2 violin was recently reviewed by professional musician and freelance journalist David Etheridge in Music Mart , a music equipment magazine based in the U.K .
Commenting that until now , few electric violins have taken a completely revolutionary approach , Etheridge praised the Vivo2 instrument 's exceptionally strong construction featuring a monocoque frame made from advanced polymers that delivers " unbeatable lightness in use . "
He added , " We 've come a long way in a very short space of time with the high - tech approach to the violin .
With Ted Brewer 's instruments , you 've got eye - catching good looks , a superb sound from a responsive instrument , easy controls and features , and your own personal light show !
What more could a 21st century violinist require ? "
Welcome
This site and its contents are not endorsed , associated or affiliated with Apple Computers , Inc. © in any way .
While we are thankful to the Hard Drive Recovery Group for their critical help with specialized Mac recovery services that helped return this site to glory , with its warts and all .
There are few data recovery services out there that are as affordable , and you 're smart to check them out if you run into a drive issue in general .
If you are looking for more information about Apple software or hardware , please visit http://www.apple.com.
If you would still like to enter , please click HERE .
If social promotion is a perverse gift to poor and disenfranchised youth , that is , to push them while failing through America 's school systems to get them out the door , just imagine what social promotion could do for a poor little rich kid whose father , connected to power and politics like rockets to Apollo 's rear , could promote George W. through Andover , Yale and Harvard upwards to the presidency .
In 1989 , the young oilman , George W. Bush , was reported in Fortunate Son by J. H. Hatfield to have said " You know I could run for governor but I 'm basically a media creation .
I 've never done anything .
I 've worked for my dad .
I worked in the oil business .
But that 's not the kind of profile you have to have to get elected to public office . "
It 's true , especially when you tack on finking out of Texas Air National Guard duty and being remembered as a boozer and a cokehead .
But then with a name like George Bush , things could be , well , overlooked , socially promoted .
And how strange that Hatfield 's book , packed with young Bush 's frauds , failures , and effronteries , was burned by its original publisher St. Martin 's Press , before release , and subsequently revived by Soft Skull Press .
This would seem like a triumph for the free press if not for Hatfield 's tragic suicide that followed .
This was the result of Bush harassment and false accusations of faulty reporting .
Well , maybe social promotion needs some socialization as well -- for the whole Bush family .
Help for Harken
As the late Hatfield pointed out , 1989 was the year that brought us George W's Harken Energy Corporation .
It " suffered losses of more than $ 12 million against revenues of $ 1 billion .
That same year , Bush received $ 120,000 for consulting services to the company and stock options worth $ 131,250 .
He also was on the company payroll as a director and served on the exploration advisory board . "
He 'd started socially promoting himself .
Yet " although Harken was a small oil company it paid big dividends to its top brass .
In 1989 , other executives in the firm drew six - figure salaries and five - figure bonuses .
The following year , Harken 's board of directors lavishly awarded three more executives with six figure ‘ incentives and performance ' compensation packages , even though the company lost $ 40 million and shareholder equity plunged to $ 3 million , down from more than $ 70 million in 1988 . . . "
In fact , " Harken 's largest creditors were threatening to foreclose on the struggling Texas company when suddenly , in January 1990 , it acquired the exclusive and potentially lucrative rights to drill for oil and gas in Bahrain , a small Arab island emirate off the east coast of Saudi Arabia , about 200 miles southeast of Kuwait .
Energy analysts marveled at how Harken , a small unknown company with operations primarily in Texas and Louisiana and Oklahoma , was able to beat out the more experienced conglomerate , Amoco , especially since Harken had never drilled a single well overseas or offshore .
" ‘ This is an incredible deal , unbelievable for this small company , ' Charles Strain , a Houston - based energy analyst , told Forbes magazine .
Under the terms of the agreement , Harken was award the exclusive right to explore for , develop , product , transport and market oil and gas through most of Bahrain 's offshore territories . "
Could this have been a little more social promotion by Papa , seeing how he was a former oil biz honcho and now US president ?
His purported 98 IQ seems largely irrelevant given his real - world fangs .
More help for Harken
With a little more social promotion , W. and Harken , according to Hatfield , visited Little Rock , Arkansas , in 1987 , to see Jackson Stephens of Stephens , Inc. , the biggest investment banking / brokerage firm beyond New York .
Stephens was a major contributor to Reagan / Bush 's 1980 and ' 84 elections .
In 1988 , he donated at least $ 100,000 to the Bush presidential campaign .
He created the " Team 100 " GOP donations group .
When W. came looking for a brokered $ 25 million stock offering , Stephens , Inc. , brought in the Union Bank of Switzerland ( UBS ) 's London office , along with Sheik Abdullah Bakhsh , Saudi financier and real estate tycoon , and the redoubtable Bank of Credit and Commerce International ( BCCI ) , known to the Justice Department as the " Bank of Crooks and Criminals . "
BCCI numbered among its clients the Bin Laden family , who kept their own representative in Texas .
That would be the Houston businessman James R. Bath , whose friendship with W. coincidentally went back to the Texas Air National Guard days .
He was also an investor in an earlier oil - exploratory company called Arbusto that his old friend Papa Bush had founded and went bust -o .
UBS had also helped BCCI bypass money - laundering laws in Panama , flying cash out in private jets .
BCCI was also into Ferdinand Marcos ' non-legal transport of 325 tons of gold from the Philippines .
Nevertheless , none of these shady associations or dealings gave W. a second thought .
And , after Bahrain terminated exploration negotiations with Amoco , the emirate 's energy minister , Yousuf Shirawi , asked an old friend and Houston oil consultant , Michael Ameen , an American born son of Arab immigrants , to recommend a small independent oil exploration company .
It 's no surprise that Ameen , who'd also spent 22 years with Aramco , 13 as Mobil 's Middle East operations head , recommended Harken .
Ameen also had close dealings for years with the royal family of Saudi Arabia and its advisors , one of them Kamal Adliam , a BCCI principal , and , coincidentally , a former head of Saudi intelligence .
Ameen was also known to be a close friend of Sheik Bakhsh .
Of course , the fact that the son of the United States ' vice president was on the board of Harken may have had tiny bit of influence in their decision .
Also , Ameen , who introduced Harken to Bahrain , happened to get a $ 100,000 finder 's fee from Harken .
What 's more , W. put together a partnership with Fort Worth 's Bass Enterprises Production Company , owned by the billionaire Bass family that had given more than $ 200,000 to the GOP in the late 1980s .
They provided $ 25 million for seismic data and drilling of the first three wells in Bahrain in exchange for 50 percent of Harken 's profits .
The former owner of Harken Energy commented that W. " gave them ( Harken ) credibility .
He 's worth $ 120,000 a year to them just for that . "
Ah , what a little social promotion can do .
The Saudi tycoon , Abdullah Bakhsh , was given a 10 percent stake in Harken for his help with the stock offering in ' 87 .
He also placed his representative , Palestinian - born Chicago businessman Talat Othman , on Harken 's board .
What 's more , on the signing of the Harken - Bahrain contract , Othman was put on a list of 15 Arabs who met with President George Bush , White House Staff Chief John Sununu and National Security Adviser Brent Snowcroft on three occasions in 1990 to discuss Middle East policy .
One was two days after Iraq invaded Kuwait .
Othman 's invitations to the White House meetings were based on his " longstanding involvement in Arab - American affairs , " certainly not his representing the interests of Sheik Bahksh , Harken investor .
Insider trading
Despite this auspicious beginning , four months later , Harken owed more than $ 150 million to banks and creditors .
Just about all of its value was in Bahrain assets .
And the first well was n't up for drilling until 1991 .
Perhaps that 's why on June 22 , 1990 , W. suddenly dumped 60 percent of his 212,140 Harken shares , making a profit of $ 848,560 .
That 's more than two - and - half - times their original value .
He did this a week before a quarter ending in a $ 23.3 million loss to the company , reported only a few days after Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait .
The stock that Bush dumped at $ 4.12 a share dropped to $ 2.37 a share .
Yet W. , good old boy that he was , board member , on the audit committee and so on , claimed he had no insider knowledge .
But in fact it was an insider stock sale , whose disclosure form he did n't file until eight months later .
He claimed , if not that the dog ate his homework , that the SEC lost the paperwork .
He told the press , " I 'm very comfortable looking you in the eyes on this , " calling his stock sale entirely legal and proper .
Social promotion can lead to a certain loss of touch with reality .
However , in what smacks of a Security and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) whitewash , the investigation of the son of the president netted no penalty , except a finger wag that there could be one in the future .
Bush admitted he'd sold the Harken shares to pay off $ 500,000 in loans from the United Bank in Midland , which leads us to another peccadillo .
Here come the Texas Rangers
Finding new social promoters , Bush used the United Bank loans to fund his stake in the Texas Rangers baseball team , another 1989 event , which netted among other things a new stadium , whose overall cost was $ 190 million , mostly at taxpayers ' expense .
The Rangers ' share would only be $ 30 million , coming from a $ 1 surcharge on every ticket sold for the following 12 years .
Also , the Rangers ' organization would run the stadium and keep the incoming revenue .
Bush and partners would pay $ 5 million in annual rent and maintenance to the city of Arlington , Texas , up to $ 60 million .
Then the Rangers could take title to the ballpark complex .
This deal sparked intense denunciations that the Rangers ' owners would be getting the stadium for a song , which was true .
In addition , in 1990 Arlington Mayor Richard Greene offered to increase the local sales tax by a half - cent to provide $ 135 million for a baseball - only stadium .
Added to that was a scam to devalue the property of the ballpark site owned by TV manufacturing tycoon Curtis Mathes , whose negotiated asking price of $ 2,835,000 ( $ 5.31 per square foot ) was countered with just $ 817,220 .
Even though the Matheses refused to sell , the Arlington Sports Facility Development Authority ( ASFDA ) invoked the power of eminent domain to seize the land , and turn the condemned property over to the Rangers for development .
The Bush team played hardball and then some .
Ultimately , a jury found ASFDA 's offer woefully wanting and awarded the Matheses $ 7.2 million , including interest accrued .
Harken 's harvest
The bottom line is that when Texas billionaire Tom Hicks , owner of the Dallas Stars , purchased the Texas Rangers and their stadium for $ 250 million in 1999 , Bush , who was then Texas governor , received a $ 15 million social promotion , a profit nearly 25 times his initial 1989 investment of $ 606,000 .
Nor did he place the $ 15 mill in a blind trust with the rest of his assets , as the law required the governor to do .
He claimed , as Hatfield reports , it would " have required a vote of the baseball owners ; " and further on , " We just did n't think it was necessary to get that vote , " actually because it would have forced him to loose control of the team .
What 's more , the Hicks ' purchase can easily be seen as another form of major influence peddling with the Bushman .
A direct contribution of that size to Bush 's campaign account would have raised a lot of eyes .
Even though both Harken and the Bush Stadium / Rangers deal established W. as a law - breaker and wheeler - dealer in international and local venues , somehow they set the stage for his social promotion to governor , not jailbird .
Patting himself on the back , as Hatfield reports , Bush told the press , " Here is visible evidence that I can think big thoughts , dream big dreams and get something done .
Politically it means I was able to dream a dream . . . and build something that will last .
And when all those people in Austin say , ‘ He ain't never done anything , ' well , this is it . "
And that was it .
Got away clean .
The elevation of W .
Flash forward to 1995 and George W. Bush is socially promoted to Governor of Texas .
He came up with a bill to reduce local school property taxes by $ 1 billion in two years .
But in 1997 both parties of the legislature did a major rewrite on this lofty sounding bill , so it would not make real estate billionaires ( like Bush puppeteer Richard Rainwater ) richer and take down poor and middle class families with hidden sales and other taxes .
By 1998 , when Bush ran for reelection in Texas , he 'd come up with his concept of Compassionate Conservatism , which supposedly embraced minorities and nontraditional constituencies .
Rather it gave the illusion of inclusion .
It was really a diverse tokenism to sell a new brand of reactionary Republicanism .
This hoax worked so well it became the foundation for the national Republican Party agenda .
Bush 's branded Compassionate Conservatism in Texas left the poor poorer , degraded educational services , and provided minority children with considerably less healthcare than the well heeled .
It jailed more people , executed more convicts on death row , raised prison populations , kicked still more single welfare mothers off the rolls into hopelessness , walked away from tough gun control laws , and saved millions of dollars in property taxes for chemical and power plants .
In fact , it helped get Texas ranked 49th in spending on the environment .
After all , Compassionate Conservatism was really dispassionate self - enrichment for the big corporate check writers to the Republican coffers , and naturally , to Bush himself .
For all of Bush 's folksy soul - searching , his everyman patois , the blue jeans and boots , the God-referenced reassurances to fellow Conservative Christians , old folks , minorities and the poor of a better tomorrow , his Compassionate Conservatism was race and class - ism in a dry - cleaned white sheet .
It was backed up by a retrogressive South rising again , fueled by the dogma of the religious right .
It was a " say anything you need to , " " to anyone you want a vote from " political pitch , crass and deeply cynical .
It was a lesson he learned as he watched his father lose a primary once to Pat Robertson , who had gathered all the conservative Christian votes unto himself and beat the Big Guy .
This conservative ( if not reactionary ) religious force formed a frightening ménage a trois with corporate culture and government , lending a missionary zeal to cast the world to the far " right " of seeing and being .
It was decided our Republic had turned into the dominant superpower , a new empire wanting to bring a Pax Americana to the world , in what had become an age of unparalleled neocon corruption .
Oh , and I did I mention W. had become a reformed alcoholic to underscore his piety as God 's Caesar ?
From 9/11 to Iraq
Providing , as many know , the inciting incident of 9/11 , Bush and Company declared their War on Terror .
Both events were called for in the Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) march to world hegemony .
It was only a hop , skip and a jump to invading Afghanistan then , even though no thorough investigation of Ground Zero or the stated terrorists had been made .
Rather the evidence were swept away by fellow conspirator Rudy Giuliani within eight months , and the faces of the new enemy plastered like circus posters on every newspaper and TV screen in the world .
After driving back the Taliban in 2002 , but failing to find Osama bin Laden ( the purported mad leader of the purported Islamic " terrorists , " and our stated CIA patsy ) , George and Company grew restless .
By 2002 , as you remember , they accused Saddam Hussein of possessing weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) , nuclear , chemical and biological .
And , with the disapproval of the world powers at the UN , went right ahead and shock and awed the Iraqis into war , illegally , immorally , unilaterally , preemptively .
Subsequently no WMD were found .
They were lies , all lies .
Since then , drowning in what could be a few trillion bucks in war debt , having given several trillion more away in institutionalized tax cuts to the rich , we find ourselves out 3,000 - plus soldiers , hundreds of thousands of Iraqis , our dollar sagging , our industry faltering , the stock market ballooning over 12,700 towards bust , and George Bush , social promotion sina qua non , asking for 21,500 more troops , billions of dollars more to support them and billions more to sweep up Iraq for Big Oil .
In six years , Bush was elected twice , both times fraudulently , and in the last midterm election lost the Republican Congress , which he had browbeat so effectively to start his wars , give him the Treasury , wipe away constitutional rights , create Guantanamo , erase the rules of the Geneva Convention , cancel the Writ of Habeas Corpus , open secret CIA prisons , outsource torture , and spy on Americans in every which way possible ( in case they were complaining ) .
What can I say ?
Social promotion in this case yields an arrogant criminal mentality , a dictator , a decider , an emperor with no clothes .
It yields a counterfeit person wandering in the desert of his learning , looking for new nations to attack .
This week it 's Iran .
Next week it could be Syria , North Korea , the Willy Wonka chocolate factory .
As he stood before us in the State of the Union address last month , he shamelessly asked to give war a chance again in Baghdad .
He said al Qaeda was ‘ still ' active in Iraq , although the real terrorism began with the US occupation .
He brazenly said throw more troop meat in the grinder : that amounts to supporting Iraqis .
He said this while most Iraqis want US the hell out .
He had the audacity to claim the war is making Americans safer , while his own intelligence services say the opposite .
He claims his escalation , excuse me , his augmentation would work because interference wo n't be tolerated .
At the same time he admits that IED attacks and suicide bombings would keep coming .
Had enough , Congress , America ?
Would n't it better if Bush resigned or was impeached and went back to that fateful school in Florida and reread the goat story , and stayed for the course and got a degree in civility ?
Would n't it be better if we had a competent , educated , leader in the White House , someone say like FDR , JFK , or even the man who warned us against the military - industrial complex , Dwight Eisenhower , someone , anyone , with a heart , a brain , and a soul ?
I 'd even take Jim Webb in a heartbeat .
Fortunately , he has n't been damaged by social promotion .
He got to be senator the hard way .
He worked for it .
And he can actually write , not the party script which he ripped up , but his own words , thoughts and feelings , from the gut .
Jerry Mazza is a freelance writer living in New York City .
Reach him at [ email protected ] .
Copyright © 1998 - 2007 Online Journal
Each new generation seems somehow physically improved compared to previous ones .
It 's a fact that current generations are taller than the ones before it , and this is attributed to a better alimentation and knowledge about food .
Now , the Clore Laboratory at the University of Buckingham is developing an infant formula and other baby foods that offer protection for life against obesity and diabetes !
These food items will contain in their formula leptin , the hunger hormone and individuals fed early in their life with these foods could remain slim for ever .
" Like those people who are lean by nature even though they overeat , they will tend to be inefficient in terms of using energy , " said lead researcher Mike Cawthorne , head of the Metabolic Research team at Clore .
When his team added leptin to infant rats ' diets , they never got fat or developed diabetes , even when fed with a high - fat diet .
Leptin is a hormone that turns off hunger sensation in the brain .
Despite its well proven function , leptin proved ineffective in individuals , as they soon got resistance to its effect .
" This time things are different . " said Cawthorne .
When the team fed the rat individuals with leptin earlier enough in their development , they could have affected the body 's energy balance mechanisms .
It is known that fat or thin construction is something predetermined before birth .
When the hormone was administered to pregnant rats , it inflicted a lifelong impact on their offspring 's genetic tendency to obesity .
These offspring kept a lean construction even when administered a fat - laden diet , at which other individuals got overweight and developed diabetes .
The leptin affected the energy waste of the bodies .
" The infants are permanently inefficient in terms of using energy , " said Cawthorne .
The discovery could be employed in both human and vet medicine .
" We need to know whether leptin is acting pre- and post- natally , figure out how it works , and dissect the possible side - effects before this becomes a potential approach for humans .
Nonetheless , this is good science , " said Edinburgh researcher Jonathan Seckl .
Story Highlights •
Bill expands hate - crime laws to include sexual orientation , gender - based attacks
• White House says state and local law already cover such crimes
• Critics of bill say it would have chilling effect on clergy
• Supporters point out bill applies only to violent crime
Adjust font size :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The White House has threatened to veto a bill passed by the House of Representatives on Thursday that expands hate - crime laws to include attacks based on sexual orientation or gender .
Under current law , hate crimes are subject to federal prosecution only if the acts of violence are motivated by race , religion , color or national origin .
Federal prosecutors get involved only if the victim is engaged in a federally protected activity , such as voting or participating in interstate commerce .
The White House says there is no need for the expanded bill because state and local laws already cover the crimes it addresses , and there is no need for federal enforcement .
In addition to allowing greater leeway for federal law enforcement authorities to investigate hate crimes , the House bill -- which was passed on a 237- 180 vote -- provides $ 10 million over the next two years to aid local prosecutions .
A similar bill has been introduced in the Senate , but no date has been set for a vote .
Addressing freedom of speech
Critics of the bill say it would have a chilling effect on clergy who preach against homosexual behavior .
" We believe that this legislation will criminalize our freedom of speech and our ability to preach the gospel , " said Bishop Harry Jackson of Hope Christian Church in Lanham , Maryland .
Supporters disagree .
The bill , they say , applies only to violent crime and , in fact , specifically addresses freedom - of - speech issues .
" Nothing in this Act , or the amendments made by this Act , shall be construed to prohibit any expressive conduct protected from legal prohibition by , or any activities protected by the free speech or free exercise clauses of , the First Amendment to the Constitution , " the bill says .
Intense debate on the House floor
House representatives got into a heated exchange Thursday as they debated the bill .
" They [ hate crimes ] are more serious than a normal assault because they target not just an individual , but an entire group , " said Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D - New York .
Rep .
Tom Feeney , R - Florida , said it is unfair to single out specific groups for protection under the law .
" What it does is to say that the dignity , the property , the life of one person gets more protection than another American .
That 's just wrong , " he said .
Both sides cited the case of Matthew Shepard of Wyoming , whose brutal 1998 murder was linked to his sexual orientation .
" Matthew 's death generated international outrage by exposing the violent nature of hate crimes , " said Rep. Tammy Baldwin , D - Wisconsin , the only openly lesbian member of the House of Representatives .
But Rep. Louie Gohmert , R - Texas , argued that Shepard 's killers got harsh sentences without hate - crimes provisions .
" Those perpetrators that did that horrible act -- both got life sentences under regular murder laws , " he said .
If President Bush vetoes the bill , it would mark the third veto of his presidency .
His second came Tuesday , when he vetoed a $ 124 billion war spending bill that included a deadline for U.S. troops to pull out of Iraq .
California homeowners are rejecting new rebates for solar power equipment , saying the state has made installing the rooftop panels far more costly than expected .
As a result , Public Utilities Commission reports show a decline of 78 % in rebate requests in the first three months of this year , compared with last year , and the solar installation industry says it is threatened with collapse across much of California .
At issue is a requirement the state added Jan. 1 for getting a rebate under Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s Million Solar Roofs program .
Applicants must first sign up for costly pricing plans offered by utilities that charge more for their electricity during hours of peak demand .
Alfred Cellier had plans to install a $ 17,000 solar system at his Rancho Palos Verdes home until he penciled out the cost of the new state requirements and decided against it .
Advertisement
The retired electronics engineer said he was all for solar power “ because it ’s green and the right thing to do , but I do n’t want to be treated unfairly . ”
Sue Kateley , executive director of the California Solar Energy Industries Assn. , said the rebate changes backfired .
“ It ’s a mess , ” she said .
“ It was everyone ’s intent to expand the use of solar in California , not throw it into the ditch . ”
Many homeowners quickly decided that it might not be worth going solar under the new requirements .
The costs would be burdensome for those who could n’t afford or lacked the roof space to buy systems that would supply all of their electricity needs .
The unintended glitch was created in December , when the PUC moved to implement the law by requiring that solar users switch to the higher “ time of use ” rates for their supplemental electricity .
Advertisement
Industry experts say that with the higher rates , solar power offers less savings on electricity bills and may not justify the investment of more than $ 10,000 in solar panels -- even with a rebate of as much as 50 % of the cost and a federal tax credit .
What ’s worse , some people in the Inland Empire and the desert might see their bills rise after putting solar panels on their roofs , the experts add .
“ The solar industry in the desert in the Southern California Edison territory is dead until this thing is fixed , ” said Pat Conlon , an energy - efficiency expert with the city of Palm Desert .
“ As of Jan. 1 , there have been no new installs . ”
He said a YMCA in Palm Desert decided against a solar system after managers concluded that future savings on electricity would not cover the cost of installing the rooftop panels .
Advertisement
Under the new program , homeowners filed rebate applications for systems generating 1,415 kilowatts of solar power statewide in the first three months of this year .
A year earlier under the previous program , the state approved applications totaling 6,417 kilowatts .
Embarrassed state officials are scrambling to fix the problem .
“ The fact that some customers may find themselves paying higher electricity bills if they decide to install solar ... is unfortunate and indeed perverse , ” California PUC President Michael R. Peevey said in a recent letter to legislators .
“ It ’s sort of a screw - up , ” said solar advocate V. John White , executive director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technology in Sacramento .
Advertisement
On the hot seat is Schwarzenegger , who in August signed legislation that sought to provide $ 3 billion in rebates over 10 years to boost the use of nonpolluting solar power .
Only last month , he bragged about his California Solar Initiative in an Earth Day radio address -- with no mention of its lack of early success .
Bill Maile , a spokesman for the governor , conceded that the solar program was flawed .
The administration is considering asking the Legislature to quickly pass a law that would make solar power more affordable , he said .
The governor also asked the PUC to work with the state ’s three investor - owned utilities to come up with “ a properly designed rate structure ” that does n’t penalize solar owners , Maile said .
Advertisement
Time - of - use electricity rates are higher during hours of peak demand , such as hot summer afternoons , and much lower in the early morning , late evening and at night .
The difference between peak and off - peak rates is particularly large in the 11 counties of Central , coastal and Southern California , where Edison provides electricity service to 13 million customers .
Edison charges summer time - of - use rates that range from 29.7 to 35.9 cents per kilowatt - hour between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. on weekdays .
It drops to a range of 16.3 to 18.6 cents per kilowatt - hour from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. weekdays and all weekend days and holidays , according to documents filed with the PUC .
Edison ’s time - of - use rates are a problem for solar households that can’t produce enough energy to make them self - sufficient , industry experts say .
Advertisement
“ We ’ve come to the conclusion that we can no longer sell to a good percentage of potential clients because they do n’t have a roof that is big enough , ” said Patrick Redgate , owner of Ameco , a Long Beach solar installation company with 33 years in the business .
“ This is kind of a punishment for people going solar . ”
Another installer , Gordon Bloom , executive vice president of GenSelf Corp. in Irvine , said he had been forced to lay off two employees after doubling his workforce in 2006 .
“ Residential sales in the Edison territory are down 75 % , and I ’ve only gotten eight new jobs this year , ” he said .
The solar industry in March petitioned the PUC to reverse its decision on rates .
Action can’t come soon enough for the already strapped solar installation industry , said consultant Glenn Harris .
Harris says that the residential market in California could collapse in 100 days if high electricity rates scare potential customers away from buying rooftop solar systems .
Advertisement
“ If they do n’t make sales in the next two or three months , they ’ll have to lay their guys off and say , ‘ I ’m sorry , ’ ” he said .
For its part , Southern California Edison says a short - term fix would require that the Legislature and PUC abandon current time - of - use rates .
“ The only way that this can be resolved so that nobody gets a higher rate than would otherwise be the case would be to make time - of - use rates optional , ” said Akbar Jazayeri , Edison ’s vice president for revenue and tariffs .
Time - of - use rates are constraining solar sales but are less of a problem in the areas served by California ’s other investor - owned utilities , Pacific Gas & Electric and San Diego Gas & Electric , analysts say .
Ratepayers at publicly owned utilities , such as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power , are not affected by the PUC rate ruling and operate their own solar installation incentive programs .
Solar installation firms , environmentalists and government officials are dumbfounded that the much - lauded solar program has had such a rough start .
Advertisement
“ These are very real problems , ” said Bernadette Del Chiaro , a lobbyist for Environment California .
“ Nobody foresaw the outcome would be a whole set of consumers basically priced out of the market . ”
marc.lifsher@latimes.com
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
March 21st , 2007
It ’s not rocket science , folks , as I ’ve been saying for years …
The “ water battery ” is a great way to go .
If I could build any system I wanted for my own property , that ’s what I would do .
Some of the time , my “ battery ” would be charged for free , when it rains .
The rest of the time , excess power that was generated from the wind and the sun would pump water up the hill , charging the “ battery . ”
Ducks would swim in the “ battery . ”
There might even be a tire ( or ‘ tyre ’ in New Zealandese ) island in the middle of the “ battery ” full of weird and wonderful plants .
The “ battery ” would look like a beautiful pond to most people .
There ’s no need to frighten people by calling it an aquatic microclimate that can store intermittent surges of clean energy !
Anyway , hats off to Spain .
They would be able to avoid some of the intermittent generation aspects of their current plan with linear induction wave buoys , but that simple technology , for some reason , is n’t available yet .
In this case , even with the losses associated with pumping that water up hill , it seems like wind alone is enough .
Spain could always add the wave component in the future .
Via : Yahoo / AFP :
El Hierro , one of the smallest of Spain ’s Canary Islands , is to receive 100 percent of its electricity supply from renewable energy sources , the Madrid government said Tuesday .
As part of a plan through to 2009 , El Hierro will soon be able to rely on a combination of hydroelectricity and wind power to generate its electricity , the industry ministry said .
“ El Hierro will be the first island in the world totally supplied by renewable energy , ” the ministry said , without specifying when the scheme would actually be up and running .
The island will rely on a system involving two reservoirs to power hydroelectic stations , a wind farm and a pumping system .
“ The bulk of the energy injected into the distribution network will emanate from the hydroelectric plant ” with capacity of 10 megawatts , the ministry said .
The wind farm will generate electricity for the pumping station that will pump water to the two reservoirs that feed the hydroelectric stations , the ministry explained .
Excess wind energy will be used to power two desalination plants .
An existing diesel - powered plant on the island , population 10,500 , will be maintained for emergencies if water and wind supplies run short .
“ Using this system , we can transform a intermittent energy source into a controlled and constant supply of electricity , ” the ministry said of the 54.3 million euro ( 65 million dollar ) scheme which is designed to cut the island ’s annual carbon dioxide emissions by 18,700 tonnes .
Posted in Energy Top Of Page
A federal court has issued a proposed order which would direct ICANN to suspend the spamhaus.org domain after the spam blacklist site thumbed its nose at a $ 11.7 million default judgment last month .
Spamhaus was sued by e360 insight , a company that had been blacklisted by Spamhaus for sending unsolicited commercial e-mail .
Although Spamhaus initially filed a response to the complaint , it decided not to participate any further in the case , a decision that led to the default judgment .
Spamhaus believes that as a UK corporation , the US District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , Eastern Division was the wrong venue to try a case .
Its position is that US default judgments have no jurisdiction in the UK and that the case would need to be refiled in that country for e360 insight to get any satisfaction .
" Although meaningless for Spamhaus , which as a British organization not subject to Illinois court orders is listing Linhardt 's company E360 Insight on its SBL spam blacklist as usual , the Illinois ruling shows that U.S. courts can be bamboozled by spammers with ease , " said the organization when the default judgment was issued .
Unfortunately , Spamhaus neglected to make the argument that it is not subject to US court orders at the outset the case .
Had it done so , e360 insight may have been forced to pursue Spamhaus in the UK court system .
Instead , when the case was originally filed in state court , the blacklisting group successfully argued that it should be moved the federal court .
It was only that after the proceedings began in the District Court that Spamhaus decided not fight it .
Now , Spamhaus is faced with a contempt of court finding , and as a result , is looking at some king - sized headaches .
ICANN , which operates in the US under the jurisdiction of the US Commerce Department , will have to at least consider complying with the order , should it become final .
With the influence of the US government over ICANN having been hotly debated , ICANN might wish to ignore the ruling in an attempt to demonstrate its independence .
However , that may not be a workable option , as the organization is subject to US law .
Having its domain name pulled out from underneath it would put a serious crimp in Spamhaus ' operations .
It 's possible that the organization could try and operate solely via IP addresses , but the court may be able to stop that strategy as well .
Shutting down and reorganizing under a new name typically does n't work too well either just ask Sharman Networks .
Spamhaus is confident that ICANN wo n't pull the plug on its domain .
Founder Steve Linford told
Ars that doing so would have a big effect on " both the Internet and on millions of users " and that the government " would step in " before it happened .
More importantly , he believes ICANN will fight the order .
" ICANN understands the effect , " said Linford .
" Spamhaus.org blocks 50 billion spam messages per day .
The effect of suddenly not blocking it would mean that volume of spam hits mail server queues all over the world ... an effect that would cause serious problems . "
It may be that Spamhouse bit off more than it can chew with its decision to pull out of the original court proceedings and ignore the court .
The group still has a chance to respond to the proposed order and make a case for the judge to change his mind .
That 's Spamhaus ' plan , according to Linford , who told Ars that " we are working with lawyers to find a way to both appeal the ruling and stop further nonsense by the spammer . "
If not , Spamhaus is faced with a multimillion - dollar judgment and the possibility of losing its domain name , outcomes that could have been avoided had it showed up and argued that the US courts had no jurisdiction in the case .
At this point , its best chance may be to appeal to the US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit , but being in the position of having to appeal a default judgment is not a good place from which to start .
Further reading :
It did n’t take long for new and troubling questions to start popping up around “ miraculous ” US Airways flight 1549 .
Even the mainstream liberals at Talking Points Memo are saying that this one is “ not to be believed “ , and Josh Marshall has a point :
Every time I ’ve boarded a plane over the years and gotten that speech about how , after the plane goes down in the ocean , we ’ll grab our flotation seat cushions , walk down the aisle and hop into the inflatable boats , it ’s always been with a mix of terror and gallows incredulity that I ’ve thought to myself : “ Right . ”
So when I saw this amazing turn of events , I started thinking : Has anyone ever pulled something like this off before ?
Last night on the local news , a reporter said this was the first time in the history of American aviation that a pilot ( presumably of a large commercial craft ) has ditched a plane in the water and escaped any fatalities .
What are the odds of birdstrike ?
What are the odds that one of the largest aircraft engines in the world could be disabled when jet engines are designed to chew up chickens like a Great Dane eating a mallomar ?
What are the odds of this happening twice ?
Where is the smoking gun goose ?
How likely is it for this to happen in January , when bird migration is most common between April and October ?
Is n’t “ cruise missile ” a much simpler and more likely explanation ?
The government has everything to lose and nothing to gain by revealing the real explanation .
Why would an Airbus crash less than 24 hours after Airbus overtook Boeing , the week of Obama ’s inauguration , and four hours before George Bush ’s final press conference ?
Why were there no Jews among the 155 passengers ?
Were they warned ?
What are the odds of this happening just off 50th street in Manhattan , two miles from Ground Zero ?
What are the odds that the pilot , Capt .
Chesley Sullenberger , a forty year veteran of the government and military , would be the same person who designed the CRM procedures that would be used in this emergency ?
And what about the crash itself ?
The “ official story ” says the plane ’s engines went out over the Bronx .
How did the plane get all the way over to the Hudson River ?
The glide ratio of an A320 at full speed is 20:1 , the engines went out at 1000 meters .
How did this plane make a wide circle around Manhattan and get all the way downtown ?
Why did the pilot discuss landing at La Guardia or Teterboro , then all radio transmissions stops without the pilot saying anything about ditching in the river ?
Why would they want to land in Teterboro , the airport where New York Yankees pitcher Cory Lidle took off from before crashing into an apartment in Manhattan on October 11 , 2006 – the third Yankee player in the last three decades to die flying a plane ?
What about the recovery ?
How did dozens of boats reach the plane so quickly – as if they were warned ?
Why are there no close - up photographs of the plane , only distant shots showing telltale photoshop artifacts ?
Why are they leaving the “ black boxes ” in the plane until it ’s raised ?
Why are NYPD divers – not Navy , not Coast Guard , not NTSB – checking the wrecked plane ?
Is it because the NYPD deals not with disasters but with crime scenes ?
Why is Kathryn O. Higgins , the transportation board investigator , so flippant when she says , “ The left engine is not there ; it ’s somewhere .
We ’ve got to go find that . ”
Why would she say this when both engines are missing ?
How could a force be so strong that it rips the engines off the plane but leaves the wings intact for passengers to walk on ?
And what kind of sadistic demon would call the sound of crying children in the middle of an airplane crash “ the best sound you can hear “ ?
Is n’t that the sort of thing you ’d expect Osama Bin Laden would say ?
I ’ll tell you who : Vincent Lucante , a top - level “ captain ” of the New York Waterway , owned and operated by the same Port Authority that owned the World Trade Center before they “ pulled it “ .
Ferry and air captains who have everything to gain from convincing commuters that ferries and planes are a much better transportation alternative to highways , especially overpasses , which are notoriously likely to be destroyed by gasoline tanker “ fires ” .
Other brave souls are beginning to see the light already .
If this does n’t convince the sheep that something stinks to high heaven I do n’t know what will .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
The three biggest items in most people 's budgets are usually housing , transportation , and food .
That 's because they are needs ; but like most needs , costs can range from the inexpensive , no - frills version to the outrageously expensively extravagances seen on some reality TV shows .
For example , you could live in a studio apartment or a mansion , take shanks ' mare or drive a luxury car , slap a PB & J together at home or eat out at a five - star restaurant .
What you choose depends on your means ( what you can afford ) and your priorities ( what 's important to you ) .
Maybe you are willing to make all your meals at home so you can drive your dream car .
Or maybe you 're willing to bike or take the bus … to your favorite restaurants on a weekly basis .
If you are debt - free , stashing some cash in a high - yield savings account , saving for retirement , and meeting all your other financial goals , more power to you .
I am willing to bet , though , that most people are seeking a happy medium in all categories .
Nothing too expensive , but a home and car that are safe and comfortable , and food that 's tasty and convenient .
When it comes to food , even if you are eating at home , there are more options today than ever before :
Having your groceries , or even fully - cooked meals , delivered are all possibilities to meal - plan and save some cash .
But not every option is equally cost - effective .
Here are a few options , with some pros and cons .
Grocery Delivery
Earlier this year Lisa Aberle wrote about grocery delivery , so that 's already been discussed a bit .
The cost for this service probably varies quite a bit by area .
The chain that delivers in my town charges $ 12.95 for orders under $ 150 and $ 9.95 for orders of $ 150 or above .
The minimum you need to spend to qualify for delivery is $ 50 .
There may also be bag fees and a fuel surcharge .
Someone over 18 must be present at delivery .
Your first order is free and certain delivery windows qualify for free or reduced delivery charges .
I 'd imagine the farther away the grocery store is from your house , the more expensive delivery would be ( if it was even available ) .
It goes both ways , after all :
The bigger of a pain in the neck it is for you to get to the grocery store , the bigger pain in the neck it is for someone to get from the grocery store to your house .
However , depending on your situation , grocery delivery may be worth it .
Since it 's not a subscription , you could do this every once in awhile as needed .
If your mobility is impaired , or if you have small children , for example , it may be easier or safer to have groceries delivered directly to your home .
If you do n't have a car , it may also be cheaper to have things delivered than to take a cab or other means of transportation .
Bonus :
It 's not just groceries , but practically anything that your grocery store sells .
Meal Plans ( Recipe Services )
Maybe you are willing ( and able ) to make the trip to the grocery store , but what to buy stumps you .
Not everyone likes to cook , even if it is a great strategic hobby .
If you have other responsibilities that take up your mental bandwidth , it can be challenging to make a list that does the following :
Includes everything necessary to get you through a week , and
Maximizes your use of ingredients
In a situation like this , a meal - planning service like $ 5 Meal Plan may make your life easier .
A recipe planner comes with a list of everything you 'll need to buy at the store , so you do n't have to make your own list based off of looking at the recipes .
Additionally , they may also maximize use of ingredients by using the most perishable ingredients first , reusing leftovers in future dishes , or choosing recipes that use similar ingredients ( like half a bell pepper ) so that everything gets used .
So make sure you cook the food in the order given !
A potential downside is having to adjust recipes if you have one or more picky eaters in your midst .
However , with a little practice , this may become second nature , and some app - based meal planners will let you identify foods that are a no - go and make the adjustments for you .
Some apps will also let you mark recipe hits and misses , so that over time the recipes that are selected become more attuned to your family 's likes and dislikes .
Another benefit :
These types of services tend to be pretty inexpensive .
An app that costs $ 5 but buys you your sanity ( and cuts down on food waste ) could be well worth the money .
Subscription services may be slightly costlier ; but once you have identified some recipes and shopping lists that work for you , you can always cancel your membership and upgrade to the Pinterest strategy .
Meal Delivery Services
Finally , there is flat - out meal delivery .
Some of these services deliver pre-cooked food ( either family style or individually packaged ) that can be easily reheated .
Some deliver exact portions of all the ingredients necessary for a complete meal , along with instructions for cooking .
I looked at five meal delivery services .
Some were local , some regional , and some national .
According to my findings , meals cost between $ 8 and $ 12 per person , on average .
The amount of prep required varied , including everything from a simple reheating to preparing the entire meal from scratch .
Unless you are working with a local or regional company and live outside their area , delivery is generally free — or to be more accurate , delivery is included in the price .
Most meal delivery programs focus on lunch and dinner , leaving you on your own for breakfast .
Additionally , most meal delivery programs require you to purchase a minimum number of meals per week ( the lowest I saw was three ) .
You also have to submit your order by a certain cutoff each week to ensure delivery — that is , they only deliver once a week on a set day .
The price depends on the number of meals being purchased .
At that price point , it seems almost as expensive as dining out to me , although it does n't require you to leave the house .
And while $ 8 to $ 12 per person does n't seem cost - effective to me , if you live in an area where grocery stores do n't deliver but it 's difficult for you to get to the store , this might be a good option .
Similarly , if you work long hours and / or have a brutal commute , this might be something to consider .
What do you think ?
Have you or someone you know had groceries delivered , or subscribed to a meal planning or delivery service ?
What made it worth the money ?
WASHINGTON , April 12  Paul D. Wolfowitz , the president of the World Bank , apologized today for his role in arranging a highly paid job at the State Department for a woman with whom he has a personal relationship .
“ I made a mistake , for which I am sorry , ” Mr. Wolfowitz said in a statement on the World Bank ’s Web site .
He said that in retrospect he should have “ trusted my original instincts ” and stayed out of the job negotiations involving the woman , Shaha Ali Riza .
The transfer of Ms. Riza from the World Bank to a higher - paying job at the State Department  although she remained on the World Bank payroll  has caused resentment among employees of the World Bank , and at an unfortunate time .
The controversy threatens to overshadow the annual meeting of the World Bank and its sister organization , the International Monetary Fund , in Washington this weekend .
The yearly event draws finance ministers from hundreds of countries .
Mr. Wolfowitz seemed to be throwing himself on the mercy of the World Bank board members , who are meeting today .
“ I will accept any remedies they propose , ” he said in his statement .
He had promised earlier to “ cooperate fully ” with the board ’s review of the episode .
How Much are You Making on the War Daddy ?
William Hartung
After the detonation test , the steel container has been destroyed by the massive shock waves .
However , the canister in the center which contains the microorganisms between the two stone plates is still intact .
© Fraunhofer EMI
Did life arrive from space ?
Rather than developing here , could the first life forms have been catapulted to Earth on a chunk of rock from outer space ?
Investigations show that microbes are capable of surviving just such a journey .
At the mention of life forms from other planets , images of green Martians , ET - like creatures or Klingons immediately spring to mind , largely influenced by the film industry .
They travel through space in UFOs in order to conquer the Earth .
Something similar may well have happened a long time ago :
The ‘ UFOs ’ could have been lumps of rock that broke off from a planet when it was hit by a meteorite , and their ‘ crews ’ could have been microbes .
This is the assumption on which the panspermia hypothesis is based .
However , assuming that there are microbes on other planets , Mars for example , would they be able to withstand the pressure that arises when a meteorite crashes into their planet and catapults their rocky UFO into space – a pressure that is 400,000 times higher than that of the Earth ’s atmosphere ?
Researchers at the Fraunhofer Institute for High - Speed Dynamics , Ernst - Mach - Institut , EMI have systematically investigated this question for the first time : “ We simulate the shock wave that occurs when a meteorite crashes into Mars , ” says Dr. Ulrich Hornemann , who is in charge of the experiments at the EMI .
“ To do that , we detonate an explosive cylinder that accelerates a metal plate .
This metal plate then hits a steel canister containing two thin stone plates between which there is a thin layer of microbes . ”
When the metal plate crashes into the container , a shock wave is generated that passes through the stone plates and the layer of microbes .
The astonishing thing is that even at 400,000 times atmospheric pressure , one ten thousandth of the microbes survive the impact of the metal plate ; the main reason for this being that the inhospitably high pressure only lasts for a fraction of a second just like the impact of a meteorite .
Because the rocks that are broken off by meteorites usually have small cracks and crevices in them , the experts have also investigated the feasibility of porous rocks as ‘ UFOs ’ .
The result : Microorganisms can also survive here .
And the small fissures are also advantageous to the tiny organisms in other ways , providing them with protection on their journey through space against UV radiation , solar wind and the icy cold and thus increasing their chances of survival , as the EMI ’s project partners at the German Aerospace Center ( DLR ) found out .
“ It is therefore possible , ” says Hornemann , “ that life on Earth came here from other planets . ”
Source : Fraunhofer - Gesellschaft
Enregistrez vos contenus favoris , composez une liste de lecture pour plus tard et suivez vos journalistes et thèmes préférés .
Créez un compte gratuit pour commencer à utiliser cette fonctionnalité
In 1973 , Peng went to New York , where he opened his first eponymous restaurant on 44th Street .
At that time , Hunanese food was unknown in the United States , and it was n’t until his cooking attracted the attention of officials at the nearby United Nations , and especially of the American secretary of state , Henry Kissinger , that he began to make his reputation .
“ Kissinger visited us every time he was in New York , ” Peng said , “ and we became great friends .
It was he who brought Hunanese food to public notice . ”
In his office in Taipei , Peng still displays a photograph of Kissinger and himself raising wineglasses at the restaurant .
Faced with new circumstances and new customers , Peng invented dishes and adapted old ones .
“ The original General Tso ’s chicken was Hunanese in taste and made without sugar , ” he said .
“ But when I began cooking for non-Hunanese people in the United States , I altered the recipe . ”
( Though others have since laid claim to it . )
In the late 1980s , having made his fortune , he sold out and returned to Taipei .
His New York venture was to have enormous impact on the cooking of the Chinese diaspora .
Not only General
Tso ’s chicken but also other dishes that he invented have been widely imitated , and his apprentices have helped to disseminate his style of cooking .
The final twist in the tale is that General Tso ’s chicken is now being adopted as a “ traditional ” dish by some influential chefs and food writers in Hunan .
In 1990 , Peng returned to Changsha , where he opened a restaurant that included the creation on its menu .
The restaurant did not last long , and the dish was never popular ( “ too sweet , ” one local chef told me ) , but some leading figures in the culinary establishment learned how to make it .
And when they began to travel abroad to give cooking demonstrations , it seems quite likely that their overseas audiences would have expected them to produce that famous “ Hunanese ” recipe .
Perhaps it would have seemed senseless to refuse to acknowledge a dish upon which the international reputation of Hunanese cuisine was largely based .
Maybe it would have been embarrassing to admit that the dish was a product of the exiled Nationalist society of Taiwan .
Whatever their motivations , they began to include General Tso ’s chicken in publications about Hunanese cooking , especially those aimed at a Taiwanese readership .
But even if General Tso ’s chicken is an invented tradition , it has to be seen as a part of the story of Hunanese cuisine .
After all , it embodies a narrative of the old Chinese apprentice system and the golden age of Hunanese cookery , the tragedy of civil war and exile , the struggle of the Chinese diaspora to adapt to American society and in the end the opening up of China and the re-establishment of links between Taiwan and the mainland .
Image Credit ... Dwight Eschliman
And because the dish has , through the vagaries of history , become known as the Hunanese dish par excellence , how could I even think of omitting it from my book on recipes from Hunan Province ?
So please cook it and savor it and dream as you do so of the Hunanese past and the invention of new mythologies in the cultural melting pots of the modern world .
Chocolate bunny meltdown / Media hops all over Walnut Creek and its renamed egg hunt
When the great Easter Bunny hullabaloo hit Walnut Creek , it took nearly everyone by surprise .
Surely , city officials thought , this could n't last .
It would all blow over once people realized that they had n't banned Easter , just renamed their annual kids ' event a " Spring Egg Hunt " rather than an " Easter Egg Hunt . "
" Honestly , " Walnut Creek spokesman Brad Rovanpera said this week , " with all the things in the world to worry about , people are coming unglued over this ? "
They are .
And the reaction speaks less to the controversy about religion in the community -- it 's just a rabbit , after all -- than the media 's inclination to play into the simmering anger and resentment among Americans who are convinced their rights and privileges are being taken away .
In this case , you could call it a " hare - trigger " reaction .
Walnut Creek resident Michael Runzler wrote a letter to the editor complaining about " banning the Easter Bunny , " and when it ran last week in the Contra Costa Times , the response was immediate .
" I heard from two Fox TV news shows in New York , KGO ( news radio ) , Channel 7 ( the ABC affiliate ) and The Chronicle , " Rovanpera says .
" I did most of the interviews , but I turned down Fox in New York .
They wanted me to go to a studio in Oakland on Sunday , and I never miss ' 60 Minutes . ' "
And who would have thought that would be just the start of it ?
This week , Runzler appeared on Fox News ' " Hannity & Colmes " national news show , clips from which were then picked up by " The Colbert Report " on Comedy Central .
Stephen Colbert , whose character is a humorous parody of conservative talk - show hosts , billed his segment " Easter Under Attack , " and specifically mentioned Walnut Creek .
Colbert added a tongue - in - cheek warning " to keep your eyes open and your marshmallow Peeps close to your chest . "
" That , " says Runzler , " is when we knew we had a bunny by the tail .
When I sent a letter to the editor I never imagined it would get this kind of response . "
No kidding .
In a way , the whole fuss is utterly predictable .
Fox commentators struck a national nerve last year when they mounted a campaign against those who substituted " Season 's Greetings " for " Merry Christmas . "
So the image of an Easter Bunny getting frog - marched out of town was perfect for stirring up emotions .
There are , however , a few problems .
For starters , Walnut Creek is n't banning Easter .
They 've just changed the name of their traditional egg hunt .
Nor , despite Runzler 's fears , are they removing the familiar fuzzy rabbit .
" We still have the bunny , " city spokesman Rovanpera says .
" We just rebranded the event .
We did it five years ago and until last week nobody even knew or cared . "
And by the way , about that bunny .
" I 'm not going to defend the Easter Bunny or eggs , " says the Rev. Kevin Murphy , whose St. Matthew Lutheran Church is one of the largest in Walnut Creek and is just a few blocks from the annual egg hunt .
" In my congregation , Easter egg hunts do n't have a blessed thing to do with Easter , which is about the resurrection of Jesus Christ .
" And by the way , " Murphy adds , " rabbits do n't lay eggs . "
Details , details .
Still , Walnut Creek city officials , who changed the name of the event to avoid spending public money for something that could be construed as religious , are thunderstruck to be suddenly cast as radicals with a runaway social agenda .
" It is absolutely amazing , " says Mayor Sue Rainey .
" The thing is , it happened five years ago .
This is ridiculous . "
And the sleepy , tree - lined East Bay suburb hardly deserves to be singled out for national attention .
You'd be hard - pressed to find a city that has n't renamed its Easter egg hunt .
By Rovanpera 's unofficial count , no fewer than eight towns surrounding Walnut Creek -- from Brentwood to Danville -- host an event with some kind of egg - related name that does not mention Easter .
In fact , Todd Trimble , who works with Rovanpera at the Heather Farms Park , where one of the two egg hunts on April 7 will be held , says he used to work in Pleasanton , which " changed the name a good 10 years ago . "
Across the bay , San Mateo has staged its Eggstravaganza for years .
Up in Marin , San Rafael has an Alice in Wonderland Spring Festival and not only suggests that you bring your own eggs , but that you hide them yourself , too .
Not that any of that information stopped the protests .
Runzler has created a Web site -- defend www.theeasterbunny.com -- which he says got 1,300 views in the first day and a half .
And Rovanpera is now getting angry letters .
" When you start to destroy the common culture of a nation , " one person wrote , " you begin to destroy the nation , little by little . "
Another woman called Rovanpera and told him she had planned to bring her 4 - year - old niece to the egg hunt , but now was going to refuse to allow her to come , in protest .
Rovanpera could only think of one thing to say .
" How sad for the little girl , " he replied .
Oh yeah , kids and candy eggs .
Was n't that what this was supposed to be about in the first place ?
Bay Area egg hunts
Here are some of the egg hunts scheduled in Bay Area cities before Easter , which falls on April 8 :
Walnut Creek : April 7 , Spring Egg Hunts for preschoolers through fifth - graders at 10:15 a.m. , Heather Farm Park , 1750 Heather Drive , and Larkey Park , Buena Vista Avenue at First Avenue .
$ 5 per person .
For more information , call ( 925 ) 943-5858 or go to ci.walnut-creek.ca.us .
San Rafael : April 7 , Alice in Wonderland Spring Festival from 2 to 4 p.m. , Falkirk Cultural Center , 1408 Mission Ave. $ 5 per person ; babies in arms free .
For more information , call ( 415 ) 485-3327 go to cityofsanrafael.org .
San Mateo : April 7 , Eggstravaganza from 9 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. , Central Park , El Camino Real and East Fifth Avenue .
For more information , call ( 650 ) 522-7470 or go to cityofsanmateo.org .
:: libTextCat ::
wiseguys > software > libtextcat
What is it ?
Libtextcat is a library with functions that implement the classification technique described in Cavnar & Trenkle , " N - Gram - Based Text Categorization " [ 1 ] .
It was primarily developed for language guessing , a task on which it is known to perform with near - perfect accuracy .
The central idea of the Cavnar & Trenkle technique is to calculate a " fingerprint " of a document with an unknown category , and compare this with the fingerprints of a number of documents of which the categories are known .
The categories of the closest matches are output as the classification .
A fingerprint is a list of the most frequent n- grams occurring in a document , ordered by frequency .
Fingerprints are compared with a simple out - of - place metric .
See the article for more details .
Considerable effort went into making this implementation fast and efficient .
The language guesser processes over 100 documents / second on a simple PC , which makes it practical for many uses .
It was developed for use in our webcrawler and search engine software , in which it it handles millions of documents a day .
News
Dec 5 , 2003 - version 2.2 .
Long overdue version with autotools config ( thanks to Jeff Johnson )
May 20 , 2003 - version 2.1 . Now includes Gertjan van Noord 's language models ( with Gertjan 's explicit consent ) .
Much cleaner makefile .
May 15 , 2003 - unleashed the code
Download
The library is released under the BSD License , which basicly states that you can do anything you like with it as long as you mention us and make it clear that this library is covered by the BSD License .
It also exempts us from any liability , should this library eat your hard disc , kill your cat or classify your attorney 's e-mails as spam .
The current version is 2.2 .
At the moment there is no development version .
Previous releases
Documentation
We have some snippets of documentation online .
These should be enough to get you started .
References
[ 1 ]
The document that started it all : William B. Cavnar & John M. Trenkle ( 1994 ) , N - Gram - Based Text Categorization
[ 2 ] The Perl implementation by Gertjan van Noord ( code + language models ) : downloadable from his website
Related Links
JTextCat - A Java interface to libTextCat by Patrick Debois
Contact
Praise and flames may be directed at us through libtextcat AT wise - guys.nl .
If there is enough interest , we 'll whip up a mailing list .
The current project maintainer is Frank Scheelen .
© 2003 WiseGuys Internet B.V .
By Julia Sparco Elm Staff Writer
The Washington College athletic coaches have started to name team captains for their upcoming seasons .
With the closing of campus this fall , not all …
The kidneys fail first .
Then the central nervous system begins to misfire .
Paralysis spreads , making breathing difficult , then often impossible without assistance .
In the end , most victims die .
Many of them are children , poisoned at the hands of their unsuspecting parents .
The syrupy poison , diethylene glycol , is an indispensable part of the modern world , an industrial solvent and prime ingredient in some antifreeze .
It is also a killer .
And the deaths , if not intentional , are often no accident .
Over the years , the poison has been loaded into all varieties of medicine — cough syrup , fever medication , injectable drugs — a result of counterfeiters who profit by substituting the sweet - tasting solvent for a safe , more expensive syrup , usually glycerin , commonly used in drugs , food , toothpaste and other products .
Toxic syrup has figured in at least eight mass poisonings around the world in the past two decades .
Researchers estimate that thousands have died .
In many cases , the precise origin of the poison has never been determined .
But records and interviews show that in three of the last four cases it was made in China , a major source of counterfeit drugs .
The occupation forces in Afghanistan are supporting the drug trade , which brings between 120 and 194 billion dollars of revenues to organized crime , intelligence agencies and Western financial institutions .
The proceeds of this lucrative multibllion dollar contraband are deposited in Western banks .
Almost the totality of revenues accrue to corporate interests and criminal syndicates outside Afghanistan .
The Golden Crescent drug trade , launched by the CIA in the early 1980s , continues to be protected by US intelligence , in liason with NATO occupation forces and the British military .
In recent developments , British occupation forces have promoted opium cultivation through paid radio advertisements .
" A radio message broadcast across the province assured local farmers that the Nato - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) would not interfere with poppy fields currently being harvested .
" Respected people of Helmand .
The soldiers of ISAF and ANA do not destroy poppy fields , " it said .
" They know that many people of Afghanistan have no choice but to grow poppy .
ISAF and the ANA do not want to stop people from earning their livelihoods . "
( Quoted in The Guardian , 27 April 2007 )
While the controversial opium ads have been casually dismissed as an unfortunate mistake , there are indications that the opium economy is being promoted at the political level ( including the British government of Tony Blair ) .
The Senlis Council , an international think tank specialising in security and policy issues is proposing the development of licit opium exports in Afghanistan , with a view to promoting the production of pharmaceutical pain - killers , such as morphine and codeine .
According to the Senlis Council , " the poppies are needed and , if properly regulated , could provide a legal source of income to impoverished Afghan farmers while , at the same time , depriving the drug lords and the Taliban of much of their income . "
( John Polanyi , Globe and Mail , 23 September 2006 )
The Senlis Council offers an alternative where " regulated poppy production in Afghanistan " could be developed to produce needed painkillers .
The Senlis statement , however , fails to address the existing structure of licit opium exports , which is characterised by oversupply .
The Senlis ' campaign is part of the propaganda campaign .
It has contrbuted to providing a false legitimacy to Afghanistan 's opium economy .
( See details of Senlis Project ) , which ultmately serves powerful vested interests .
How much opium acreage is required to supply the pharmaceutical industry ?
According to the International Narcotics Control Board ( INCB ) , which has a mandate to exame issues pertaining to the supply of and demand for opiates used for medical purposes , " the supply of such opiates has for years been at levels well in excess of global demand " .
( Asian Times , February 2006 )
The INCB has recommended reducing the production of opiates due to oversupply .
At present , India is the largest exporter of licit opium , supplying approximately 50 percent of licit sales to pharmaceutical companies involved in the production of pain - killing drugs .
Turkey is also a major producer of licit opium .
India 's opium latex " is sold to licensed pharmaceutical and / or chemical manufacturing firms such as Mallinckrodt and Johnson & Johnson , under rules established by the UN Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the International Narcotics Control Board , which require an extensive paper trail . "
( Opium in India )
The area allocated to licit State controlled opium cultivation in India is of the order of a modest 11,000 hectares , suggesting that the entire demand of the global pharmaceutical industry requires approximately 22,000 hectares of land allocated to poppy production .
Opium for pharmaceutical use is not in short supply .
The demand of the pharmaceutical industry is already met .
Soaring Afghan Opium Production
The United Nations has announced that opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has soared .
There was a 59 % increase in areas under opium cultivation in 2006 .
Production of opium is estimated to have increased by 49 % in relation to 2005 .
The Western media in chorus blame the Taliban and the warlords .
Western officials are said to believe that " the trade is controlled by 25 smugglers including three government ministers . "
( Guardian , op. cit ) .
Yet in a bitter irony , US military presence has served to restore rather than eradicate the drug trade .
Opium production has increased 33 fold from 185 tons in 2001 under the Taliban to 6100 tons in 2006 .
Cultivated areas have increased 21 fold since the 2001 US - led invasion .
What the media reports fail to acknowledge is that the Taliban government was instrumental in 2000 - 2001 in implementing a successful drug eradication program , with the support and collaboration of the UN .
Implemented in 2000 - 2001 , the Taliban 's drug eradication program led to a 94 percent decline in opium cultivation .
In 2001 , according to UN figures , opium production had fallen to 185 tons .
Immediately following the October 2001 US led invasion , production increased dramatically , regaining its historical levels .
The Vienna based UN Office on Drugs and Crime estimates that the 2006 harvest will be of the order of 6,100 tonnes , 33 times its production levels in 2001 under the Taliban government ( 3200 % increase in 5 years ) .
Cultivation in 2006 reached a record 165,000 hectares compared with 104,000 in 2005 and 7,606 in 2001 under the Taliban
Multibillion dollar trade
According to the UN , Afghanistan supplies in 2006 some 92 percent of the world 's supply of opium , which is used to make heroin .
The UN estimates that for 2006 , the contribution of the drug trade to the Afghan economy is of the order of 2.7 billion .
What it fails to mention is the fact that more than 95 percent of the revenues generated by this lucrative contraband accrues to business syndicates , organized crime and banking and financial institutions .
A very small percentage accrues to farmers and traders in the producing country .
( See also UNODC , The Opium Economy in Afghanistan , http://www.unodc.org/pdf/publications/afg_opium_economy_www.pdf , Vienna , 2003 , p. 7 - 8 )
" Afghan heroin sells on the international narcotics market for 100 times the price farmers get for their opium right out of the field " .
( US State Department quoted by the Voice of America ( VOA ) , 27 February 2004 ) .
Based on wholesale and retail prices in Western markets , the earnings generated by the Afghan drug trade are colossal .
In July 2006 , street prices in Britain for heroin were of the order of Pound Sterling 54 , or $ 102 a gram .
Narcotics
On the Streets of Western Europe
One kilo of opium produces approximately 100 grams of ( pure ) heroin .
6100 tons of opium allows the production of 1220 tons of heroin with a 50 percent purity ratio .
The average purity of retailed heroin can vary .
It is on average 36 % .
In Britain , the purity is rarely in excess of 50 percent , while in the US it can be of the order of 50 - 60 percent .
Based on the structure of British retail prices for heroin , the total proceeds of the Afghan heroin trade would be of the order of 124.4 billion dollars , assuming a 50 percent purity ratio .
Assuming an average purity ratio of 36 percent and the average British price , the cash value of Afghan heroin sales would be of the order of 194.4 billion dollars .
While these figures do not constitute precise estimates , they nonetheless convey the sheer magnitude of this multibillion dollar narcotics trade out of Afghanistan .
Based on the first figure which provides a conservative estimate , the cash value of these sales , once they reach Western retail markets are in excess of 120 billion dollars a year .
( See also our detailed estimates for 2003 in The Spoils of War : Afghanistan 's Multibillion Dollar Heroin Trade , by Michel Chossudovsky , The UNODC estimates the average retail price of heroin for 2004 to be of the order of $ 157 per gram , based on the average purity ratio ) .
Narcotics : Second to Oil and the Arms Trade
The foregoing estimates are consistent with the UN 's assessment concerning the size and magnitude of the global drug trade .
The Afghan trade in opiates ( 92 percent of total World production of opiates ) constitutes a large share of the worldwide annual turnover of narcotics , which was estimated by the United Nations to be of the order of $ 400 - 500 billion .
( Douglas Keh , Drug Money in a Changing World , Technical document No. 4 , 1998 , Vienna UNDCP , p. 4 .
See also United Nations Drug Control Program , Report of the International Narcotics Control Board for 1999 , E/ INCB / 1999 / 1 United Nations , Vienna 1999 , p. 49 - 51 , and Richard Lapper , UN Fears Growth of Heroin Trade , Financial Times , 24 February 2000 ) .
Based on 2003 figures , drug trafficking constitutes " the third biggest global commodity in cash terms after oil and the arms trade . "
( The Independent , 29 February 2004 ) .
Afghanistan and Colombia ( together with Bolivia and Peru ) consitute the largest drug producing economies in the world , which feed a flourishing criminal economy .
These countries are heavily militarized .
The drug trade is protected .
Amply documented the CIA has played a central role in the development of both the Latin American and Asian drug triangles .
The IMF estimated global money laundering to be between 590 billion and 1.5 trillion dollars a year , representing 2 - 5 percent of global GDP .
( Asian Banker , 15 August 2003 ) .
A large share of global money laundering as estimated by the IMF is linked to the trade in narcotics , one third of which is tied to the Golden Crescent opium triangle .
© Copyright Michel Chossudovsky , Global Research , 2007
We had the chance to talk to Bram Cohen , the inventor of BitTorrent and the co-founder if BitTorrent Inc .
He goes into detail about the recent the acquisition of uTorrent , how to deal with encrypting ISPs , a streamable version of BitTorrent , BitTorrent 's arrangement with the MPAA , and much more .
TorrentFreak :
What is the best thing about your job at BitTorrent Inc ?
Bram Cohen : I really enjoy making products which I personally want to use , and like to empower people to do things they could n’t do without BitTorrent ’s efficiency and reliability .
I also enjoy working with my team .
We ’ve recruited a really talented group of engineers from the P2P community and the tech industry , as well as some of the best business people in Silicon Valley .
Together , we ’re taking BitTorrent to new heights while still remaining true to our original goal of delivering content to the masses .
TorrentFreak :
How do you see the future of BitTorrent Inc , what will its core business be ?
Bram Cohen :
We have two core businesses .
We have a content delivery service to power websites which have downloadable and streaming objects on them , and we also have an entertainment destination at BitTorrent.com which will allow consumers to both publish and download high - quality digital content .
Professional publishers have licensed over 5,000 downloadable video , music and game files , some of which will be free , and some for rent or purchase .
We expect our network to be very prominent and an extension of our well - known brand .
TorrentFreak :
Are there still “ puzzles ” that need to be solved to improve the BitTorrent protocol ?
Bram Cohen : I had lunch with Vint Cerf at Google last week , and we discussed this at length .
BitTorrent is a mature protocol at this point , but there are still a number of interesting things to work on .
For example , improving tit for tat , making seeding optimizations for enterprise use , and trying to figure out if there ’s any good use for error correcting codes .
Regarding that last one , it turns out that there are , but most of the academic work has been barking up the wrong tree .
We also have a great testing environment built , so we can test the impact of protocol extensions on real , live swarms , which is critical when making enhancements that benefit the BitTorrent community at large .
TorrentFreak : More and more ISPs have started to throttle BitTorrent traffic .
How do you feel about this , especially related to the upcoming BitTorrent video store ?
Bram Cohen : ISPs have historically thought that all P2P traffic is illegal , which most definitely is not the case today .
Identifying traffic as BitTorrent versus http is a very poor proxy for determining legal versus illegal .
Even more so as content creators have begun using our self - publishing service to distribute their own work and major studios have signed up because they recognize the enormous potential of BitTorrent as a sales channel .
Legal traffic is growing within the P2P ecosystem and piracy also travels with HTTP and FTP in high volumes .
ISPs have to invest in making their networks better and faster rather than stifling applications which consumers use and love .
That ’s just bad marketing and customer service , especially given the competition which exists in the broadband industry and consumer focus on network neutrality .
For instance , in Japan and Korea , consumers currently enjoy true all - you - can eat symmetric fiber - to - the - home at 100 mbps .
That ’s a great environment for P2P development to make the Web a truly powerful medium for on - demand media , with broadcast economics .
Of course , it also leads to the question :
Why is the United States two generations behind ?
TorrentFreak :
What would you advise BitTorrent users to do , when they find out that their ISP is throttling BitTorrent traffic ?
Bram Cohen : Switch .
Competition is the best thing for the consumer .
If you ’ve got a couple of options , try the alternatives .
If you have no alternatives or both alternatives suck , call customer service .
And call them a lot .
It turns out that angry customers are more expensive to ISPs than providing unadulterated access to popular applications and websites .
TorrentFreak :
The mainline client now supports encryption , but there are no settings to control this ( correct me if I ’m wrong ) .
Does this mean that the client encrypts all transfers ?
Bram Cohen : No .
The mainline client accepts incoming encrypted connections , but makes unencrypted outgoing connections by default .
We added support for that primarily for our users in unfriendly ISP environments .
As I ’ve said before , protocol encryption is at best a temporary hack around ISP rate limiting , until identification techniques are put in place which use transfer patterns rather than packet inspection to identify traffic .
There are better approaches to evade traffic shaping , although we ’re still trying to work productively with ISPs , who own the network after all .
But if we ca n’t find a way to work together to provide a better experience for BitTorrent users , then the arms race will begin .
TorrentFreak :
You said before that you ’re not a big fan of encryption .
What would you suggest as an alternative ?
Bram Cohen : I say just leave things in the clear , and try to use caching technology to improve the ISP network .
Or better yet , ISPs should lay more fiber and build bigger pipes .
The so - called ‘ encryption ’ of BitTorrent traffic is n’t really encryption , it ’s obfuscation .
It provides no anonymity whatsoever , and only temporarily evades traffic shaping .
There are better approaches to obfuscation , and I ’ve got a great team of engineers who are quite eager to fight that battle , but I ’m hoping that everything can be resolved amicably without getting into a serious arms race .
TorrentFreak :
What was the main reason behind the acquisition of uTorrent ?
Bram Cohen : uTorrent has both an impressively clean codebase and large user community , although we were already working on our own C++ implementation .
Moving forward , you ’ll see announcements related to BitTorrent being embedded on silicon and on non-PC hardware thanks to the new C codebase we have ( based on uTorrent and our protocol extensions ) .
TorrentFreak :
Are their plans to remove any of the present features uTorrent has ?
Bram Cohen : No , uTorrent users are quite happy with it , and we wish to keep things that way .
In fact , be on the lookout for a Mac and Unix port , which we have the resources to do thanks to the size of our engineering team .
TorrentFreak :
What will happen to the mainline client in the future ?
Bram Cohen : Our mainline extensions and uTorrent ’s will converge .
However , we are still committed to offering an open source BitTorrent reference implementation .
TorrentFreak : Will the uTorrent client be integrated into the BitTorrent Video Store ?
Bram Cohen :
We ’re going to launch our entertainment network with support for whichever BitTorrent client the user wishes to install .
TorrentFreak : Can you give us any details on the pricing of the products in the BitTorrent Video Store , and the quality of the video files ?
Bram Cohen :
We have n’t announced any firm pricing yet .
The video quality will be the best possible with the available codecs .
In addition to being a “ store , ” our site will be a destination for publishing and discovering digital entertainment , and will have plenty of free files in addition to the pay ones .
TorrentFreak :
You said before that some of the content from the video store will be “ protected ” by Windows DRM .
What is your personal view on DRM , do you see other , more user friendly alternatives ?
Bram Cohen : Right now most of our content partners are insisting on DRM for the content we ’re making available .
It ’s causing an awful lot of headaches , but we ’re trying to minimize the impact on user experience and support .
TorrentFreak :
Over the past year we ’ve heard quite a lot of rumors about the arrangement between BitTorrent and the MPAA .
Can you tell a little more about the nature of this agreement ?
Bram Cohen :
We support keeping copyright infringing material off of our site , and have deals with most of the MPAA member companies to make their content available through our entertainment network .
The MPAA is actually a lot less of a hive mind than many people think .
We ’ve had to negotiate individually with each member company regarding business deals .
We do n’t currently have any investment from any of them .
TorrentFreak : Several other BitTorrent sites like mininova.org and torrentspy.com have the exact same policy , and remove infringing material whenever they are asked to .
Though , they are often seen as the bad guys .
The MPAA even sued torrentspy and isohunt , and refuses to start a dialogue , while they index the same torrents and bittorrent.com does .
What ’s your opinion about this ?
Bram Cohen :
It ’s easy to make the mistake that thinking the exact letter of the law is all that matters in such situations .
I have no legal opinion of what mininova and torrentspy are doing , since I ’m not familiar with the exact details .
But being antagonistic will result in predictable outcomes , regardless of how well defended one thinks one is legally .
TorrentFreak :
Due to the arrangement with the MPAA most people might think that most of the content they search for on bittorrent.com is legal .
However bittorrent.com does index a lot of copyrighted work .
Do n’t you think this might confuse some of the users of the site ?
Bram Cohen :
We ’re cooperating to get copyrighted work out of our search index , and when our new site launches , much more emphasis will be placed on the self - published and licensed content within our own index , instead of the general Web search .
TorrentFreak :
In March the MPAA urged the Swedish government to take down the site because it is linking to infringing material .
bittorrent.com indexes the torrents from thepiratebay.org , a site that is often referred to as “ Pirate Heaven ” .
Has the MPAA ever asked BitTorrent Inc to stop indexing The Pirate Bay ?
Bram Cohen :
The focus of takedown notices has primarily been on particular pieces of content , not so much where they came from .
TorrentFreak :
Is there a future for BitTorrent in the development of streaming online content .
For example , would it be possible for video streaming sites like YouTube to use ( a modified version of ) BitTorrent ?
Bram Cohen : Yes , we ’ve developed a streaming version of BitTorrent .
Stay tuned for more details around the middle of this year .
TorrentFreak : BitTorrent is slowly starting to replace the video recorder , especially among younger people .
Popular episodes of TV shows like LOST are downloaded ( illegally ) more than 500,000 times in just one week over BitTorrent .
These figures clearly show the potential that BitTorrent has , and it ’s an indication that TV as we know it is about to change .
Do you think BitTorrent Inc can play a role in the future of TV ?
And what kind of product or business model do you think could compete with these pirated shows ?
Bram Cohen :
Our new site will launch with thousands of movies and TV shows , so yes , we clearly have a role in the future of video .
As far as competing with the piracy experience , the better consumer experience we provide , the less people will feel the need to rely on piracy .
To do that , we ’ll be providing an extensive and valuable catalog of content at a good price .
In the future , we ’ll expand into free , ad - supported content as an integral part of our site .
We ’re also going to give independent publishers a platform to distribute , promote , and ultimately sell their own content as part of that experience .
TorrentFreak :
If you look back at the past 5 years , what is the thing you ’re most proud of ?
Bram Cohen : Looking back at the past 5 years , I can still say that I ’m proud of getting BitTorrent to work in the first place .
When I first started working on it , nobody knew whether it was possible to overcome all the logistical problems of handling a flash crowd .
It was challenging , but not only did I get it to work at all , but got it to work extremely efficiently .
More recently , I ’m proud of being part of the team that has worked hard to convince content publishers and enterprise businesses that unlike other p2 p architectures , BitTorrent is a legitimate and incredibly powerful tool for content delivery .
TorrentFreak :
Thanks for taking the time to answer these questions !
Your personal homepage is automatically saved in your browser .
You can also set your home page to the the following URL so your settings will be saved regardless of whether you clear the cache .
Lijin Aryananda has graduated from CSAIL , the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at MIT .
While earning her Ph.D at MIT Aryananda created a friend name Mertz .
This friendly robot has a vocabulary of 40 words to engage passerby in conversation .
If Mertz can not understand you , it will ask you to speak louder or move closer .
Arayanada has moved on to the greener pastures of Switzerland , but leaves Mertz behind .
Hopefully one can see Mertz if visiting CSAIL at MIT .
Check out the full article here .
See more about robots at MIT here .
Or see our recent post about Domo .
Every 21 seconds there is a new reason to ????.
Maybe it 's your child , your co-worker or even ...
Learn more about an America's ???? for Diabetes near you ! ...
????.diabetes.org / - 13 k - Cached - Similar pages
Money , Money , Money ( and Investing )
Site Home : Materialism : One Article
Real World Divorce
How to Get Rich
" There are three ways to make money .
You can inherit it .
You can marry it .
You can steal it . "
-- conventional wisdom in Italy
Most people who are rich chose their parents wisely .
Bill Gates might not have ever figured out 1960s - style computer science but he had the foresight to pick a father who is one of the richest , most prominent lawyers in the state of Washington .
And before he and Paul Allen made the deal with IBM that gave them a monopoly on the PC operating system , Bill had the foresight to choose a mother who was personally acquainted with John Opel , CEO of IBM Corporation .
None of this would have worked if Bill had n't been willing to take tremendous personal risks .
Should Microsoft have failed , of course , Bill Gates would have had nothing to fall back on but a million dollar trust fund from his mother 's parents ( bankers ) and the resumption of his degree program at Harvard College .
If Donald Trump had taken the millions he inherited from his father and put it all into mutual funds , you 'd never have had to suffer through one of his books .
But he'd be just as rich or richer today .
For most of the 20th century , common stocks returned an average of 7 percent per year , adjusted for inflation .
If you are way smarter , luckier , and less risk - averse than all of the companies in the United States , you may be able to do substantially better .
But a return on investment of 200 percent per year is not very exciting when you only have a few hundred dollars in capital .
That 's why it is so important to pick your parents carefully .
How to Lose it All
Real World Divorce
Common Stocks and the Efficient Market Hypothesis
If you buy into the Efficient Market Hypothesis then you 're just as happy to buy a portfolio of stocks selected by throwing darts at the inside pages of the Wall Street Journal .
In fact , the WSJ for many years pitted expert wall street analysts against a dartboard portfolio and the darts almost always did better .
If you do n't have very much money , then a problem with a dartboard portfolio is that you will only be able to buy a few stocks .
Your expected return will still be 7 percent per year but the variance will be extremely high because one company going bust could wipe out all of your gains .
Mutual Funds
So you buy into the Chump Fund .
Halfway through the year , the Harvard MBAs are tired of their drab offices and Pentium computers .
Do they take part of the 2 % and move uptown and then buy Pentium Pros ?
No .
They discover all of a sudden that they should n't have any General Electric .
Westinghouse is really a better investment .
And Ford is looking better than Chrysler now too .
In fact , the entire $ 10,000,000 portfolio needs to be traded .
Do your mutual fund managers , who 've sworn to look out for your best financial interests , execute the trades with the broker who has the lowest commissions ?
No .
After all , the money for trading commissions comes out of your 98 % and not their 2 % ( read the fine print ) .
So why not go to a " full - service " broker with high commissions ?
That broker will be so grateful that he 'll discover he has a whole bunch of office space uptown that he is n't using , already equipped with a bunch of Pentium Pros .
He'd be delighted to allow his best customers at the Chump Fund to hang out rent - free .
In your naivete , you might call this a kickback but in the industry it is known as " soft money . "
Every time the Chump Fund trades with a broker , they accumulate some soft money that they can spend on computers , furniture , data feeds , etc .
This comes on top of the opera tickets , broadway shows , limousines , and the rest of the Wall Street lifestyle that is paid for by Mr. and Mrs. Middleamerica .
If the Chump Fund keeps on doing this , eventually their return will be much lower than the S&P 500 and they wo n't be able to run those nice - looking advertisements anymore .
What do they do ?
Look among the 20,000 tiny little mutual funds out there .
Find one that has randomly achieved above - average performance for the past five years .
Call it the Chump Growth and Income Fund and run ads showing its past performance .
Send letters to all the old Chump Fund customers telling them that the Chump Fund is being closed and , unless they object , their investments will be rolled into the new Chump Growth and Income Fund as of September 1 .
An even better strategy for a mutual fund company is to do all of this in - house .
If they have 50 mutual funds they can just hang onto the ones that randomly do better than average and flush the ones that do noticeably worse .
Then at any time they can show that " 45 out of our 50 funds outperform the indices " .
Now you know why you can't find any mutual funds advertised in the Wall Street Journal that sport worse - than - average performance .
OK , so you expected to get cheated a bit by these Wall Street types .
But they 're experts so of course they will do a better job picking stocks , wo n't they ?
Some will .
But with tens of thousands of mutual funds out there , even if they are all choosing stocks at random , you 'd expect some to do consistently much better than average and some to do consistently much worse .
You 'd find , however , that most of them would fall in the middle , forming a Gaussian curve .
That 's what Burton Malkiel expected to find .
He was an economics professor at Princeton who made his life 's work the study of investment .
When he charted the performance of all the mutual funds , they did indeed form a bell curve .
But the center was not the same as the S&P 500 .
It was shifted slightly to the left .
That 's right , the average mutual fund was underperforming the blind index by a couple of percentage points .
This confused Malkiel until he realized that the discrepancy could be accounted for by the expenses skimmed off the top of the mutual funds and also the commissions they paid to trade the portfolio .
[ Note : these curves are published in Malkiel 's excellent A Random Walk Down Wall Street , an essential book to read before investing . ]
Index Funds
poorly programmed Web site : ( 1 ) tax forms are offered only in a bizarre Adobe format that cannot be saved , printed , or emailed to an accountant , ( 2 ) terrible internal email system that simply throws away your message if you spend too long composing it
customer service that gets worse as you get richer ; the folks who answer the phone for the $ 15,000 IRA crowd are very well informed , can get you the necessary forms or information , and can help you with a transaction ; if you get rich enough to be upgraded to Flagship ( $ 1 million + ) , you get assigned the Vanguard equivalent of a private banker ; mine was unable to send email , pick up the phone , send me the right paperwork to get transactions accomplished , keep focus on getting a transaction through .
It was dangerous to be a Flagship customer because I thought that someone at Vanguard was going to make something happen when in fact he was just sitting at his desk waiting for me to call him .
The solution is to downgrade from Flagship back to Voyager or Voyager Select .
Besides getting a higher average return , there are many other good reasons to invest your money in index funds .
The first is psychological .
When I had individual stocks , every time a stock went up , I attributed it to luck .
Every time a stock went down , I attributed it to idiocy on my part .
I felt dumber and dumber with every passing year because I ignored the stocks that went up and focussed on the ones that dived .
Some Wall Street types have the opposite psychology : they only remember their winners and hence come to think of themselves as Einsteins after five years .
Whatever your psychology , there is a certain inner peace to be achieved by forgetting about your money .
Another reason to index is to free up time to make more money .
In every office there is at least one sorry loser checking the market every ten minutes , going home at night to read financial reports , running charts , and buying software to manage his complex portfolio .
If he were a managing a $ 10 billion mutual fund , perhaps this effort would be worth it .
But to try to beat the index by 2 % with a portfolio of $ 50,000 ?
That 's $ 1,000 extra / year .
Even assuming that he can get that extra 2 % , he would have earned far more per hour working the night shift at the local 7 - Eleven .
Your time is valuable .
If you must be greedy , then be greedy and smart and take a consulting job .
Or enjoy the extra time with your friends and family .
Do n't waste it trying to beat the market .
I have oversimplified things a bit here .
For example , even if you believe the Efficient Market Hypothesis , there are stocks that are inherently more volatile than others .
E.g. , a high - tech company will go up more in a market boom and go down more in market bust than will a utility .
In some sense , both are " worth their price " but one or the other might be a better buy for you because of your level of risk aversion .
If you want to understand this stuff at a deep level , read A Random Walk Down Wall Street and then Principles of Corporate Finance by Brealey and Myers .
The latter book is the textbook used in many advanced finance course taken by MBAs .
An MBA student will spend the entire term going through the book and doing problems , but if you have a standard MIT freshman math and science background , you can read the whole thing in a night or two .
If I have n't convinced you to stay away from Wall Street esoterica , here are a few things I 've learned through bitter personal experience and / or reading the above books ...
Shorting
Your broker is holding many shares of Microsoft in " street name " for other customers .
So he can very easily find 100 shares of Microsoft to lend you .
He lends you these 100 shares , and you sell them immediately .
Suppose that the price / share is $ 10 .
You get $ 1000 that you can put into the bank .
However , you owe your broker 100 shares of Microsoft Corporation .
No problem , you figure .
In another year , this company will be near bankruptcy and selling for $ 0.25 / share .
You 'll buy 100 shares to cover the short for $ 25 , thus making a profit of $ 975 less commissions .
Well , in another year , Microsoft is not selling for $ 0.25 / share .
In fact , it has gone up to $ 30 / share .
You still owe the broker 100 shares , but those 100 shares would cost $ 3000 to buy .
You have a paper loss of $ 2000 right now .
Your broker calls and wants you to put up some assets where he can get at them , either cash or stocks .
He does n't trust you to come up with the cash to cover your Microsoft short unless the cash is physically under his control .
You consider cutting your losses by closing your position .
Remember that it is 1987 , though , and Microsoft has n't gotten any better at writing software .
In fact , they are flailing around trying to copy the Apple Macintosh interface , itself a copy of a Xerox system from the mid-1970s .
What a bunch of losers .
You put up the extra cash .
By 1996 , Microsoft has split a bunch of times and you now owe your broker 1000 shares at $ 150 / share .
That 's $ 150,000 to cover the short .
You sell your house and say " You know , that potential return of $ 1000 was not worth ten years of agonized scanning of the stock pages , margin calls , and an ultimate loss of $ 150,000 . "
There are many morals to this story .
One : stocks go up 7 % / year , adjusted for inflation .
If you buy stocks randomly you will earn 7 % / year .
If you short stocks randomly , you will lose 7 % / year .
Two : you are not smarter than the rest of the world put together and , even if you were , the 14 % bias would kill you .
Three : if you buy a stock , you can only lose what you put in ; if you short , you can lose every dime that you have in the world ( and maybe a little bit more depending on how careful your broker is ) .
You might think my story is biased because I 've picked a famous winner like Microsoft .
But the fact is even stocks that were nothing but hot air often went up dramatically for years .
If a company 's book value is $ 10 million but Wall Street is willing to pay $ 500 million then there is no reason why Wall Street should n't be willing to pay $ 750 million for the same near - worthless entity .
You are perhaps right and eventually the stock will crash down towards the $ 10 million mark , but it could take many years of sleepless nights .
[ Note : I 've made one big oversimplification here .
You may get to invest the proceeds from a short in other stocks and your broker will invest some of your margin capital in T - bills so your expected return on a short will not be as bad as - 7 % .
Still , the unlimited downside is still present with any short sale . ]
Options
If it sounds like Vegas to you then you 've already figured out the worst thing about options : they appeal to people who like gambling and therefore tend to be overpriced .
They are best used when you know something that almost nobody else does and when that something will affect a company on a specific date .
Note : there are " Call Options " as well .
These give you the right to buy a specific stock on a specific date at a specific price .
They are used when you expect a stock to go way up .
The Fly in the Ointment
Making matters worse is the fact that corporate managers and accounting firms have been fraudulently overstating earnings .
The published P/E ratios are based on the lies that CEOs and CFOs tell investors , not the actual cash coming into companies ' bank accounts .
A deeper problem than fraudulent reporting is managerial theft .
Investors have accounting firms and the SEC to protect them but the top managers have their hands on the company checkbook and their friends on the Board of Directors .
In the old days if a company did well the managers would send a letter to shareholders : " The economy was booming last year and Blatzco prospered ; your dividend is being doubled . "
In the 1980s and 1990s a more typical response to a boom year was management saying " Blatzco did well because we 're such geniuses ; we are going to take home all of the improved profit in the form of bonuses and stock options . "
Jack Welch in Straight from the Gut proudly states that during his 20 years as General Electric CEO the " employees " , by which he means himself and some other top managers , went from 0 % to 31 % ownership of GE .
Rephrased , Jack and his golf partners stole 31 % of GE from the investors who owned the company in 1980 .
What 's more , thanks to accounting rules that enable unlimited stock option grants without any charge to earnings , none of this had to be reported in financial statements .
My cousin used to be an animator at Walt Disney .
In the old days of Hollywood a boom and bust cycle of profits was to be expected .
It is tough to predict whether a movie will be a hit .
But after Michael Eisner joined the company in 1984 successes were attributed to superior management rather than luck .
Eisner helped himself to more than $ 1 billion of the shareholders ' money over the years .
Thus when Disney ran into a string of flops the company did n't have enough cash to hang on until the next boom .
Disney shut down its Los Angeles animation group and will use contract labor in Eastern Europe for future animated features .
It is tough to see how historically high rates of return on common stocks can be maintained in a world where managers steal most of the fruits that stem from the investors ' capital .
Note that the 1980s and 1990s CEOs stealing from their investors are not innovators .
Leland Stanford and his partners in the Central Pacific Railroad managed to steal a fabulous sum of money from their British investors by contracting the construction of the railroad to a company that they owned personally .
It was a very similar scam as that pulled off by the managers of Enron except that Stanford did it in the 1860s .
Bonds
What brought bonds back into fashion was the realization that corporate top management was stealing on a grand scale .
If a company had a bad year , the CEO somehow had to manage on his $ 1.2 million cash salary .
If a company had a good year , the CEO would steal any profits by exercising stock options that he and his buddies on the board had previously issued to themselves .
With bonds the company borrows $ 1 and has to pay back that $ 1 plus interest .
If in the meantime the managers have stolen everything that they can from the shareholders that should n't affect the bondholders .
Taxes
The Future
philg@mit.edu
Reader 's Comments
After working for a few years there ( albeit as a lowly programmer ) , I feel somewhat qualified to comment on the casino known as Wall Street .
I like your somewhat accurate description of " soft money " , but do n't totally agree with your conclusions on investing philosophy .
I 've read the Random Walk book , and I 've also read Warren Buffett 's book on " value " investing .
Most people are probably better off following your advice and sticking with an index fund , but do you realize what would happen if everyone did that ?
Think about it ....
Warren 's recommendations are very interesting .
Those who are interested in learning more about Wall Street are encouraged to read " Liar 's Poker " and " Nightmare on Wall Street " , which both happen to be about Salomon Brothers .
-- Guru --, December 20 , 1996
Hey , it 's great to see someone exposing mutual funds .
Very few beat the index .
There is an alternative , a clever way of investing directly .
Read about the Motley Fool ( www.fool.com).
This web site will give you the confidence and information to invest successfully .
-- Dennis Rose , June 24 , 1997
Wish I 'd read your page before I spent all that money on an MBA . . .
Good commentary , and good advice for most investors .
But a lot of people like to pick stocks .
Buy and hold index investing does n't sound exciting at a cocktail party !
Much better to talk about your triumphs , and to ignore your defeats .
-- Robert Budding , March 12 , 1998
You are right about Oppenheimer being a bunch of sharks .
Back in my youth about four years ago I decided it would be responsible to invest my money rather than having it simply stagnate in my checking account .
I figured ( being an idiot ) the way to do this was to visit a securities firm and ask for advice .
The guy I spoke to seemed decent enough , asked a bunch of questions , and recommended I invest in five different Oppenheimer mutual funds .
I did so and let the whole thing aside .
Then about a year ago I landed up reading a copy of Andrew Tobias ' _ The Only Investment Guide You 'll Ever Need_ .
Fired up with enthusiasm , I looked at my Oppenheimer statements to learn that , in the greatest bull market in history , these people had made me maybe 4 % return in 3 years .
( And the reason for this sort of thing is as Phil says --- kickbacks , huge " management fees " , huge advertising budgets , a constant impulse to churn stocks simply to create the illusion of business etc ) .
There are a few morals here .
One is that Oppenheimer suck .
A more general one is almost everyone in the finance business is out to screw you , and just because they have nice offices and call themselves financial consultants does not mean that they care about you , or that they have any idea what they are doing .
The most general message is , before investing a cent , READ A BOOK .
If you are going to read only one book , IMHO read the Tobias book I mentioned above .
If you refuse to read even one book , invest in a Vanguard fund ; unlike Oppenheimer and friends they will try to do good by you .
The Vanguard prospectuses are a joy to read , written in clear English , their web site does the job , their funds stick to what they claim in the prospectus , they constantly try to cut costs etc .
-- Maynard Handley , June 30 , 1999
About shorting stock .
I have n't run across a broker that would allow a client to invest the procedes from a short .
Generally they want to hold it in a segregated account ( where they can invest it ) and pay you nothing .
For large shorts ( > $ 100,000 ) or good customers they will negotiate some fixed return ( a low fixed rate ) on the funds .
If you know a broker that offers a decent return on short procedes ( or lets you invest them ! )
I 'd like to know ...
-- Matthew Rochlin , September 5 , 1999
I keep two quotes prominently displayed above my desk to help me out when I am stricken with a bout of " Materialism " : ( 1 ) " If you would make a man happy , study not to augment his goods ; but to diminish his wants .
" -- Orestes Brownson , 1864 . ( 2 ) " Being frustrated is disagreeable , but the real disasters in life begin when you get what you want . " -- Irving Kristol , 1983 .
-- Ken O'Brien , September 7 , 1999
As a guy who manages a pile of money for others ( paid by clients , not commissions ) ,
Phil 's overall view of the process is quite accurate and his approach is mostly correct .
One exception however is the common oversight of confusing indexing with buying the S&P 500 index .
There are lots of other indexes out there such as EAFE , the S&P Mid Cap 400 and the Russell 2000 that , when combined with the S&P 500 can actually serve to both increase the chances of better returns over time and reduce short term volatility ( our nice way of saying " losing money " ) .
There is an old Wall Street saying " do n't confuse genius with a bull market . "
Frank the day trader should take note .
-- Bill Middleton , August 8 , 2000
Phil neglects to mention rebalancing in his article .
It is not a good idea to manage your own money if you do n't rebalance your portfolio on a regular basis .
-- Yi- Lun Ding , October 29 , 2002
My favorite mutual fund site right now is FundAlarm .
Check in and see if your fund is up to any sleazy business ; the discussion board is lively with up - to - the - minute comments and links to articles .
-- W Sanders , December 2 , 2003
I do n't agree with you idea that to progress in life you must have rich parents .
My grandfather quarreled his father and abandoned the home when he was nearly 18 ( in 1918 ) without studies and money and with the only capability of drawing acceptabily well .
He went to the war in Africa in 1921 and came back to Spain where he married and began to work a jewel company making 3D pictures on silver ( using his gift for drawing ) .
Soon he found himself with 4 children and not much income , so he employed his savings in buying some sheep .
He would keep on working for others and the 2 or 3 sheep would be under the care of a shepperd .
This shepperd would collect a comission when the animal were sold .
3 sheep made 6 , 6 made 12 , 12 made 24 , 24 , made 48 , and so on .
Reached this point my grandfather left his job and settled as farmer and shepperd .
After he began with pigs and cows .
Apart from meat , he sold milk , and employed many other workers to take care of the cattle .
When the 60's reached and the economy got better , he began buying buildings : 2 buildings made 4 , 4 made 8 , 8 made 16 , etc ....
So when he died in 1986 he owned almost one whole neighbourhood of Madrid and gave many flats and buildings in inheritance to each one of his 7 children .
-- Peccata Minuta , September 19 , 2006
Two additional items you might have mentioned : 1 . Taxes & Inflation .
Long term ownership of individual stocks has a significant tax advantage over mutual fund ownership , due to tax - free compounding of capital gains .
Most mutual funds distribute capital gains , as they frequently turnover portfolio holdings .
This applies to index funds too .
Seperately , inflation has a greater effect on eventual return than you suggest .
Because stock prices rise with inflation over the long term , investors pay capital gains taxes on grossly inflated , empty profits .
This is big .
2 . Responsiblity for CEO 's stealing from shareholders .
Since management reports to the board of directors , and the BOD represents shareholders , how do they get away with it ?
Answer : Most shareholders use mutual funds .
Mutual funds do not allow their clients to vote the shares in the funds , even though the clients own the shares .
Instead , fund managers vote the shares .
Guess who recently played golf with the fund manager ?
If you want fundamental reform of corporate management , outlaw the practice of funds voting shares .
Better yet , outlaw funds altogether ( fat chance ) .
-- Jack Neally , November 30 , 2006
Regarding Michelle Bach ( no 's ' ) , a quick Google search indicates that this is where she is now : http://www.hadley-reynolds.com/michelle.htm
Readers might want to direct any current Hadley - Reynolds clients they know to Philip 's above story .
-- Curtis Wayne , May 11 , 2007
I think the article is pretty good and comprehensive considering that it was written in 1996 .
But I recommend adding some newer information , specifically : ( 1 ) Vanguard 's Total Stock Market tracing Wilshire 5000 is frequently preferable to S&P500 , because it is more diversified and it does not buy / sell as frequently as stocks move in and out of the index .
( 2 ) Exchange Traded Funds ( ETF ) are a good alternative to index mutual funds for those who do not dollar - cost - average into it .
( 3 ) Treasury Inflation Protection Securities ( TIPS ) are worth considering , especially by retirees .
( 4 ) Single Premium Immediate Annuities ( SPIA ) may offer a better way not to outlive one 's money than a frequently recommended Safe Withdrawal Rate ( SWR ) scheme .
( Note that these are different from variable annuities that generate huge profits to insurance agents and less value to their customers . )
These and many other topics are discussed at the Bogleheads Forum which I linked below .
-- Victoria Fineberg , July 13 , 2008
I am certain .
My prayers are for improvement of your financial situation .
If and when I have more funds I will come and visit .
I can't wait to snow ski there .
In may a very small way I can help your situation .
http://www.bayut.com
-- dubai property , October 6 , 2010
[ Reddit or Hackers were knocking this post down ( now released ) if you clicked on the arrow below in either direction your vote would instantaneously be nullified upon refreshing the page ]
A Coalition of the Willing to Impeach appears in Congress .
Anthony St. Martin of Pledge to Impeach
[ …] Last Monday Rep. Danny Davis ( D - IL 7th ) stated to Pledge to Impeach spokesman Anthony St. Martin and independent reporter Jay Marx that though he currently defers to “ leadership ” on the issue of impeachment he would be compelled to represent his constituency if a Citizen ’s Petition calling for the impeachment of George W. Bush came from his district .
When word of Rep. Davis ’ willingness to part from leader Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA 8th ) ’s insistence that impeachment be “ off the table ”  was relayed to Rep. Diane Watson ( D - CA 33rd ) ’s Chief of Staff , Jim Clarke , Mr. Clarke replied , also guardedly , but with certainty , that Rep. Watson would also represent such a petition coming from her constituency .
Clarke even went as far as speaking for Rep. Conyers ( D - MI 14th ) , whom he said would respond similarly to such a petition if it arrived with at least 1 % of the district ’s support .
In other words , impeachment is just 6,500 petition signatures away from the floor of Congress .
It must be conveyed here , that Mr. St. Martin observed a prevailing tension or even fear in the eyes of some who work in the House Office Buildings .
His feeling that those Members opposed to this administration have been locked up and suppressed to the point that they find no sense to bringing their own bill for impeachment , only to be defeated and further isolated , or worse .
However , the statements of Mr. Davis and Clarke can be seen as a plea for help ; that if given the chance to bring a citizen ’s petition , these Members could claim that they have no choice but to fulfill their duty of office and bring it to the floor .
As ironic as it may seem , WE must not let THEM down .
The Pledge to Impeach campaign has immediately taken it on to respond to these Member ’s ovations by seeking out every political group or club that has been collecting petition signatures for impeachment and pairing them up with Congresspersons who make the same commitment to represent that petition on the floor .
With special focus on , but not limited to the
districts of Davis , Watson , and Conyers , we will need our own coalition of citizens and impeachment groups willing to work together to bring our maligned Representatives what they need to fight for this greatest of causes .
We may not have the same opportunity once war breaks out in Iran .
We must act now .
We must act together .
And we must not fail .
Contact us ASAP and join the Coalition of the Willing to Oppose Bush / Cheney .
Pledgetoimpeach.org
Contact these Reps :
Rep. Danny Davis
Web
773/533-7520
Rep. Diane Watson
Web
323-965-1422
John Conyers
( 734 ) 675-4084
[ email protected ]
Sign In Credit Card Blog - Oil : A Fortune Founded on Business Credit
As a fun project , we thought itâ€™d be interesting to look at the Fortune 100 companies as of 2006 and find out how each of them got their initial business financing .
It was a much longer process than we expected it to be given the amount of research required , but it was really enlightening to see how many were founded via unconventional start - up methods ( i.e. using a personal credit card , proceeds from timber , etc ) .
Many of the corporate histories and company folklore involve spin - offs , mergers , and in some cases actual VC money ( especially in this digital age ) , but each story is intriguing on its own .
In the case of mergers , we tried to use the oldest unit for the financing used .
The piece that really stood out to us though was how absolutely dominate some industries were on this list .
Oil makes up 3 of the top 10 revenue earners ?
Big cars that use that oil make up 2 of the other 7 , so half of the top 10 revenue producers are either oil companies or companies that fuel big oil growth .
What do you think this list is going to look like 50 years from now ?
Will it be dominated by oil , insurance , pharmaceuticals , and telecommunications ?
Or , will it be biotechnology , diversified finance , Google , or heckâ€ ¦even Apple ?
Please comment here on the industries you think will be the biggest here : Discuss this post on Digg .
Rank Company 2006 Revenue ( $ US Billions ) History and Finance 1 ExxonMobil 339,938.0 Merger between Jersey Standard and Socony , both previous pieces of the Standard Oil empire , controlled by John D Rockefeller .
That company was formed by John , his brother , Flagler , Andrews , and Harkness .
2 Wal - Mart Stores , Inc 315,654.0 Sam and Helen Walton put up 95 % of their own money for their first store .
3 Chevron 198,200.0 Initially California Star Oil Works , founders Taylor and Scofield brought on investors to raise $ 1 Million , incorporating as Pacific Coast Oil Company .
4 General Motors 192,604.0 Olds Motor Vehicle Company launches by Ransom E Olds with $ 50,000 in capital ( 5,000 shares of stock at $ 10 / share ) .
5 Ford Motor 177,210.0 Henry Ford launched his company with $ 28,000 from twelve investors .
6 ConocoPhillips 166,683.0 A merger between Conoco and Phillips Petroleum .
Conoco began as Continental Oil and Transportation company ; it was acquired for 2,317,266 shares of stock by Maryland Oil , which eventually changed its name to Conoco .
7 General Electric 157,153.0 Initially Edison General Electric Company , various pieces merged in 1892 by financier JP Morgan .
8 Citigroup 131,045.0
A merger between Citicorp and Travelers Insurance ; Citicorp began as City Bank of New York in 1812 , the first US Postmaster General .
9 American Intl. Group ( AIG ) 108,905.0 AIG was founded in 1919 by Starr , selling insurance to the Chinese , presumably with his own money .
10 Intl. Business Machines ( IBM ) 91,134.0 Founded as the Tabulating Machine Company in 1888 , it was backed by Hollerithâ€™s personal holdings .
11 Hewlett - Packard 86,696.0 Started by Bill Hewlett and David Packard with $ 538 in cash .
12 Bank of America Corp. 83,980.0 Starting as the American Bank of Italy by Amadeo Giannini with initial deposits of $ 8,780 .
13 Berkshire Hathaway 81,663.0
Though currently a holding company for famed investors Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger , the company started as Hathaway Manufacturing Company in 1889 .
14 Home Depot 81,511.0 Founded in 1978 , its financing was arranged by Kenneth Langone .
15 Valero Energy 81,362.0 Founded in 1980 as a spin-off of Coastal States Gas Corporation , established in 1955 by Oscar Wyatt .
16 McKesson 80,514.6
Initially created as Olcott and McKesson in 1833 , run from a small shop in NYCâ€™s financial district .
17 J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. 79,902.0
The oldest unit , New York Chemical Manufacturing Company , started in 1823 , initially serving New Yorkâ€™s mercantile industry .
18 Verizon Communications 75,111.9 Formed by the acquisition of GTE by Bell Atlantic ; Bell was a survivor of the AT&T breakup , which was founded by Alexander Graham Bell in 1875 .
Bell was backed by Boston lawyer Gardiner Hubbard .
19 Cardinal Health 74,915.1 Founded in 1971 as Cardinal Foods by Robert Walter , as the result of a leveraged buyout on the small Ohio food wholesaler .
20 Altria Group 69,148.0
First incorporated under Philip Morris in 1847 , operating as a single shop on Londonâ€™s Bond Street .
21 Statoil 65.500.0
Founded by the government of Norway in 1972 , it clearly had a financial leg up .
22 Kroger 60,552.9 Established in 1883 by Barney Kroger , using his own money .
Had it happened 100 years later , it would warm our hearts to think that might have been a personal credit card .
23 State Farm Insurance Cos 59,223.9 Founded in 1922 by George Mecherle on the concept of saving money for farmers on their auto insurance .
24 Marathon Oil 58,958.0 Started as The Ohio Oil Company in 1887 , it was purchased by the Standard Oil trust , breaking out of the trust in 1911 .
25 Procter & Gamble 56,741.0 Founded in 1827 by William Procter and James Gamble putting in $ 3,596.47 apiece .
What a ROI !!!
26 Dell 55,908.0 Michael Dell started this growth company in 1984 as PCâ€™s Limited , with $ 1000 .
He was in college at the time , so can we assume that he signed up for a free t- shirt , got a credit card , and then used it to start Dell ?
It makes us feel better .
27 Boeing 54,848.0 Established in 1916 by William Boeing and George Westervelt ; Boeing likely used the funds from his timberland to fund the start - up .
28 AmerisourceBergen 54,589.6
A merger in 2001 between Amerisource and Bergen Brunswig .
Amerisource got its start as Alco Standard by millionaire Tinkham Veale. 29 Costco Wholesale 52,935.2
My favorite place to buy 20 lb cans of olives opened in 1983 by James Sinegal and Jeffrey Brotman , who modeled their operations after retailing genius Sol Price .
30 Target 52,620.0 George Dayton founded this now hip retail chain in 1903 as Dayton Dry Goods Company ; it was financed by a former store owner retiring and selling his interest to Dayton .
31 Morgan Stanley 52,498.0 Founded in 1935 by Henry Morgan and Harold Stanley due to a split on commercial and investment banking a la the Glass - Steagall act .
32 Pfizer 51,353.0
Two cousins , Charles Pfizer and Charles Erhardt , established this company in 1849 .
33 Johnson & Johnson 50,514.0
Three brothers , Robert Wood Johnson , James Wood Johnson , and Edward Mead Johnson , formed this firm in 1885 .
34 Sears Holdings 49,124.0 Started in 1886 as a catalog sales firm by Richard Sears , after successfully selling watches as a station agent .
Since his investment was roughly $ 12 / watch , it could be the cheapest startup cost weâ€™ve ever seen .
35 Merrill Lynch 47,783.0 Founded in 1914 by Charles Merrill , quickly becoming a financial powerhouse .
36 MetLife 46,983.0 Established in 1868 as a mutual company as a life insurance underwriter .
37 Dow Chemical 46,307.0 Incorporated in 1897 by Herbert Dow as a means to sell bleach .
38 UnitedHealth Group 45,365.0 Starting in 1977 as UnitedHealthCare Corporation through the think - tank doc Dr. Paul Ellwood and businessman Richard Burke â€ “ this was the first HMO .
39 Wellpoint 45,136.0
A merger between Anthem and Wellpoint Health Networks , this largest insurer can trace its roots back to American General Insurance , founded in 1926 .
It was one of the first multiple - line insurance companies .
40 AT&T 43,862.0
All the Bell stories come back to the beginning .
AT&T was founded by Alexander Graham Bell in 1875 .
Bell was backed by Boston lawyer Gardiner Hubbard .
41 Time Warner 43,652.0 Scandal !
Thatâ€™s how Time Warner started in 1972 as a result of Kinney National Company spinning off non-entertainment assets .
42 Goldman Sachs Group 43,391.0
Golden sacks is more like it .
Marcus Goldman started the firm in 1869 , and was among the first using commercial paper to help bring companies to market ( IPO ) .
43 Lowe's 43,243.0 Started as a single hardware store in 1946 by H Carl Buchan , focusing on selling hard to find building materials and only dealing with manufacturers in order to get the lowest prices possible .
44 United Technologies 42,725.0
Making sure the elevator goes to the top , this firm was established in 1867 by the sons of inventor Elisha Otis as Otis Brothers & Co. 45 United Parcel Service 42,581.0 Brown did a lot for Jim Casey when he started this company in 1907 as American Messenger Company , borrowing $ 100 from a friend .
Weâ€™ll pretend thatâ€™s like using an advance on a credit card .
46 Walgreens 42,201.6
Initially just as much of a place to get an ice cream soda as to get some vitamins , Charles Walgreen started this company in 1901 .
47 Wells Fargo 40,407.0 Henry Well and William Fargo took their knowledge of American Express with them to start Wells Fargo & Company in 1852 .
48 Albertson's 40,397.0 Joe Albertson founded this firm in 1939 using $ 5,000 of his own money and $ 7,500 borrowed from his wifeâ€™s aunt .
49 Microsoft 39,788.0 Bill Gates , Paul Allen , 1975 .
Need we really say more ?
50 Intel 38,826.0 Gordon Moore and Robert Noyce in 1968 established Intel after leaving Fairchild Semiconductor .
51 Safeway 38,416.0
Though formed in 1926 as a merger between Skaggs and Sam Seelig Company , the roots trace back to 1915 .
It was a cash only store at the time though .
L 52 Medco Health Solutions 37,870.9
A spin -off of Merck , it can therefore trace its roots back to 1668 as a single drug store in Darmstadt .
53 Lockheed Martin 37,213.0
A merger between Lockheed and Martin Marietta .
Lockheed was formed in 1926 by Allan Loughead .
A group of investors bought Lockheed during the Great Depression for only $ 40,000 .
54 CVS 37,006.2 Founded initially as Melville Shoe Company in 1922 by Ward Melville .
55 Motorola 36,843.0 Established first as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation in 1928 , producing a device that allowed battery - operated radios to run on an electrical outlet .
56 Caterpillar 36,339.0 Founded in 1904 by Daniel Best and Benjamin Holt , experimenting with steam - driven tractors .
57 Archer Daniels Midland 35,943.8
Established in 1902 by George Archer and John Daniels as a licensed crushing company .
58 Wachovia Corp. 35,908.0
The result of a merger between Wachovia Corp and First Union Corp , Wachovia was first established in 1879 by William Lemly .
59 Allstate 35,383.0 Created in 1931 as a part of Sears , Roebuck , and Company .
Its financial history is therefore tied to # 34 .
60 Sprint Nextel 34,680.0
A merger between Sprint and Nextel , Sprint was founded in 1899 by Cleyson Brown , under the name Brown Telephone Company ; its name changed after emerging from bankruptcy in 1938 .
61 Caremark Rx 32,991.3
Founded in 1993 by HealthSouth Corp and their former CEO , Richard Scrushy ; Scrushy had founded HealthSouth in 1984 by pooling $ 50,000 with the help of some friends .
62 PepsiCo 32,562.0
The taste of a new generation began in 1898 by Caleb Bradham .
The store where Caleb first produced Pepsi wasnâ€™t even paid with in money , but on credit and a smile .
On credit ?
That makes us smile .
63 Lehman Brothers 32,420.0 Established first as a dry goods stores that found itself in a secondary market for cotton in 1844 by Henry , Emanuel and Meyer Lehman ( yeah , they were brothers ) .
The younger brothers later helped to establish the New York Cotton Exchange in 1870 .
64 Walt Disney 31,944.0
In 1923 the magic began with the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio , founded by Walt and Roy Disney and animator Ub Iwerks .
Walt started the dream for Walt Disney with $ 40 in his pocket .
65 Prudential Financial 31,708.0 John Dryden founded this firm in 1875 as Friendly Assurance Company .
Early policy holders of Prudential insurance paid only 3 cents a week .
66 Plains All Amer. Pipeline 31,177.3 Founded in 1993 as a master limited partnership building the Cushing Terminal .
67 Sunoco 31,176.0 Initially the Peoples Natural Gas Company in 1886 by Joseph Pew and Edward Emerson .
They paid $ 4500 for their two oil leases near Lima , Ohio . 68 Northrop Grumman 30,721.0
It was created in 1994 when Northrop purchased Grumman .
Northrop was founded in 1927 by Jack Northrop , initially as Avion Corp .
After selling the first company and working for the successors , he established another Northrop in 1939 .
69 Sysco 30,281.9
In 1969 John Baugh convinced 9 food distributors to merge : Zero Foods , Frost - Pack Distributing Co , Global Frozen Foods , Houstonâ€™s Food Service Co , Louisville Grocery Co , Plantation Foods , Texas Wholesale Grocery Co , Thomas Foods , and Wicker . 70 American Express 30,080.0 Founded in 1850 by Henry Wells , William Fargo , and James Butterfield , Amex has a shared history with # 47 .
71 FedEx 29,363.0 Fred Smith founded this firm in 1971 with $ 91 Million in venture capital money and a $ 4 Million inheritance .
72 Honeywell Intl. 28,862.0 Mark Honeywell in 1906 established this firm , merged it with Minneapolis Heat Regulator Co , and has virtually controlled the closed loop thermostat business since .
73 Ingram Micro 28,808.3
A spin -off from Ingram Industries in 1979 , named for the Ingram family .
74 DuPont 28,491.0 Founded in 1802 by Eleuthere du Pont , manufacturing gunpowder .
He raised capital for his firm by briefly returning to France in 1801 .
75 New York Life Insurance 28,051.0 Established in 1845 as the Nautilus Insurance Company with $ 17,000 in assets by James Ogden .
76 Johnson Controls 28,019.5 Professor Warren Johnson in 1885 brought Johnson Controls to life with the first electric thermostat with the help of a group of Milwaukee investors .
77 Best Buy 27,433.0 Richard Shulze in 1966 opened an audio specialty store ; he made the best out of local disasters , truly taking to the meaning of tornado sales and fire sales .
78 Delphi 27,201.0
A spin -off from General Motors in 1999 , it has a shared history with # 4 . 79 Hartford Financial Services 27,083.0 Founded in 1810 in Hartford Connecticut ( what a nice coincidence ) .
80 Alcoa 26,601.0 Established in 1886 by Charles Hall , teaming up with Pittsburg metallurgist Alfred Hunt.
81 Tyson Foods 26,014.0 Founded by John Tyson in 1935 with the purchase of 50 chickens that he intended to raise and resell .
82 TIAA - CREF 25,916.8
Retired professors everywhere owe Andrew Carnegie who in 1918 setup the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching .
It was endowed initially with $ 1 Million .
83 International Paper 25,797.0 Formed in 1898 through the consolidation of 17 different pulp and paper mills .
84 Cisco Systems 24,801.0 Married couple Len Bosack and Sandy Lerner routed their passion into business in 1984 while they were both graduate students at Stanford .
85 HCA 24,455.0
The Frist familyâ€™s fortune was first generated by founding this firm in 1968 .
86 St. Paul Travelers Cos. 24,365.0
The merger between St Paul Companies and Travelers Property Casualty Corp .
St Paul Companies was established in 1853 .
87 News Corp. 23,859.0 Media titan Rupert Murdoch started News Corp in 1980 from assets received from a 1952 inheritance .
88 Federated Dept. Stores 23,347.0 Started in 1929 as a holding company for Abraham & Straus , F&R Lazarus & Company , and William Fileneâ€™s Sons. Abraham & Straus was opened in 1865 by Abraham Abraham and Joseph Wechsler , each of whom put in $ 5000 .
89 Amerada Hess 23,255.0 Created in 1919 as a holding company for Amerada Petroleum Company by Lord Cowdray .
90 Coca -Cola 23,104.0 Starting as a French Wine Cocoa by John Stith Pemberton who invented its predecessor in 1884 .
Of course , he sold the rights to manufacturer the stimulant twice near the end of his life .
Doh !
91 Weyerhaeuser 23,000.0 Founded in 1900 by Friedrich Weyerhaeuser by the purchase of 900,000 acres of timber from J.J. Hill .
92 Aetna 22,885.0 Formerly Aetna Insurance Company , a company that issued its first policy in 1850 , 30 years after it was established .
The late start didnâ€™t hurt though , given its current financial status .
93 Mass .
Mutual Life Ins. 22,798.8
Established in 1851 by George Rice in sparse room consisting of a table , 3 chairs , and a city map .
He could have used a shiny new credit card back then .
94 Abbott Laboratories 22,337.8
Wallace Abbott started his namesake in 1888 , pioneering modern pharmacy through alkaloid pills .
95 Comcast 22,255.0 Started in 1963 by Ralph Roberts , Daniel Aaron , and Julian Brodsky with the purchase of a 1200 subscriber cable system .
96 Merck 22,011.9
Tracing its history to 1668 drugstore owner Friedrich Merck .
It shares its history with # 52 .
97 Deere 21,930.5
In 1842 , Dear John letters took a double meaning with the founding of Deere by John Deere with partner Leonard Andrus .
98 Raytheon 21,894.0 Established in 1922 as the American Appliance Company by Laurence Marshall , Vannevar Bush , and Charles Smith .
Financial backers were arranged for the production of a home refrigerator .
99 Nationwide 21,832.0
On your side since 1925 , first as the Farm Bureau Mutual Automobile Insurance Company ; it incorporated with 1,000 policyholders .
100 Washington Mutual 21,326.0 Started as the Washington National Building Loan and Investment Association in 1889 ; it made its first home loan for $ 700 , or the price of a grande cappuccino .
Thanks !
Carey Farnsworth
Team Yourcreditnetwork
Many people criticize the web for being dull , pointless and puerile .
This is ridiculous , because they should be criticizing it for being monumentally disturbing .
With all the bizarre sexual practices that have been revealed , facilitated and perhaps even created by the web , it 's surprising any two people are turned on by the same thing .
I suspect some people are doubling up , getting turned on by both terrines shaped like John Hodgman and opera glasses that have been used by virgin longshoremen .
Even more striking is the idea that not all fetishes have been invented yet .
Clearly , the technology and discoveries of the future will provide us with even more strange things upon which to focus our raging and confused libidos .
For example :
High - G fetish : Accelerating to high G - forces causes blood to pool in parts of your body , puts enormous physical stress on the body and temporarily makes you look like a particularly vicious caricature of Popeye .
Somewhere out there , someone is reading this and thinking , " Hot ! "
Once space travel becomes more commonplace , some entrepreneur is going to manage to take nudie pictures of this process and put them up on a web page , or even get a live cam going .
Suggested fetish nickname : Pancake Flippers .
Alien fetish :
Why have n't extraterrestrial life forms contacted us ?
Maybe it 's because they know that as soon as they make themselves known , lusty earthlings will immediately start hooting at them to flash their gills , show everyone their nictitating membranes or participate in a wet tentacle contest .
Aliens want to be liked for who they are , not because they have especially shiny electroreceptors .
Try getting to know one first , maybe going out for coffee or ferrofluid and having a conversation , before trying to get it into the copulation chamber .
Suggested fetish nickname : Elliots .
Hyperspace fetish :
When asked , " What 's the first thing you 'd want to do if you were translated into a state of quasi - existence in which you are simultaneously nowhere and everywhere at once ? " 68 percent of people answer , " Totally get it on . "
( Next most - popular answer : " Blog about it . " )
Hyperspace sex becomes a popular pastime for adventurous college students and bored married couples .
The main difficulty with the practice is that children conceived in hyperspace end up existing only as an uncollapsed wave of quantum probability , which often leads to discipline problems once they hit school age .
Suggested fetish nickname : Crop Dusters .
Nanotechnology fetish : Obviously , in the future nanotechnology will affect all aspects of human sexuality , giving us everything from self - peeling condoms to spermicidal linebackers .
Having your sex life enhanced by billions of imperceptible molecular devices will be seen as completely normal .
However , a few people will become attached to nanodevices on an individual level , fantasizing about one particular nanomachine , giving it a name and writing elaborate erotic fiction involving shrinking down to an atomic level and consummating their attachment to a firm but gentle microscopic lover .
Suggested fetish nickname : One Nanite Stands .
AI fetish : As the Turing Test gets closer and closer to being passed with a low D , some people will decide that humans , with their flaws and smells and need for periodic hydration , should be left out of the sexual equation entirely .
Even robots are prone to breakdown and unsuitable for coitus in its pure intellectual form .
Instead , these people will program elaborate sexual algorithms and release them into shared memory with similar programs by other people , then watch the output as the two programs interact .
At first , these acts of AI intercourse closely mirror human interactions , but as time goes on they become more and more abstract .
Eventually , a small but dedicated minority of human beings become instantly turned on by the phrase " swapping buffers . "
Suggested fetish nickname : Geeks , Only More So .
Comment on this story .
- - -
Born helpless , nude and unable to provide for himself , Lore Sjöberg eventually overcame these handicaps to bequeath 20 Nerd Points to anyone who gets the " crop duster " joke .
Technology to Feed Your Tortured Artist 's Soul
Do n't Let Body - Mod Envy Ruin Your Entire Day
Mine Eyes Have Seen the Gory Realities of Nearsightedness
Ugly ?
Stupid ?
A Jerk ?
Relax , Your Worries Are Over
In recent months it has become clear to me that the largest Web companies have become quite serious about providing " web platforms " that Web developers can integrate with or build upon .
Amazon ( http://aws.amazon.com), Google ( http://code.google.com), Yahoo ( http://developer.yahoo.com) and Microsoft ( http://dev.live.com) all provide online destinations where Web developers can learn how to use their Web services or integrate with their AJAX widget platforms .
The problem with building a platform is that providing Web services and writing APIs is the easy part .
The hard part is hard work of supporting developers who have built on your platform with proper documentation , prompt tech support , and ensuring backwards compatibility when new revisions of the platform are delivered .
Today I feel like riffing on that last point ; versioning and backwards compatibility .
Maintaining backwards compatibility and being mindful of forwards compatibility is one of the biggest design problems that faces platform vendors .
So far , there have been numerous examples of Web companies that provide APIs failing to realize how important stability and backwards compatibility when providing a platform .
I 've seen numerous examples of breaking changes in APIs providing by Web companies including the Google Adwords API ( shutting down old endpoints with new version ) , TypePad Atom feeds ( switching the feed format to a new incompatible version thus breaking feed readers ) , del.icio.us API ( changing the Web service URL and the security protocol ) and Amazon Web Services ( changing what is added to a shopping cart when an item is added via its Amazon specific ID ) among many others .
Some of these changes were necessary due to security concerns while others could have been prevented with better up front design and decision making by the platform vendor .
However in all of these cases , developers that had taken a bet on the platform had to scramble to check that their applications still worked and patch / redistribute them if they did n't .
That is bad .
One of the primary goals of a platform vendor is to ensure that the lives of developers on their platform is as easy and smooth as possible .
This means releasing a new version of the platform should not cause developers who have taken a bet on the platform to have to rewrite their code .
In the past I 've written lengthy , and fairly complex articles about versioning and XML data formats .
These days , I 've boiled down my guidance on Web service versioning to one phrase ; Cool URIs Do n't Change .
This simple philosophy is actually all you need to consider when designing your RESTful Web service .
You apply it in the following way
The Web service end point ( i.e. URL ) should not change .
Changing the actual service end point is bad ( e.g .
http://del.icio.us/api/posts/get to https://api.del.icio.us/v1/posts/get) instead you should design your URI space with the knowledge that there will be multiple versions of the protocol .
The types of messages returned by the end point should not change .
Thus changing the data format of the service ( e.g. changing from RSS to Atom or Atom 0.3 to Atom 1.0 ) is a bad idea .
Thus you should have a strategy for supporting multiple formats and partition your URI space accordingly .
The behavior of the end point should not change .
This is the trickiest one to follow but the one that your developers will appreciate the most .
New versions of the API should not change the behavior of operations previously defined at that end point .
One way to reach this ideal is to partition your URI space in a versioned manner ( e.g .
http://www.example.com/api/v1/get-stuff in version 1 and http://www.example.com/api/v2/get-stuff in version 2 ) and then never change the behavior of the old bits or at the very least keep that behavior around as long as possible .
That 's it .
That 's all you really need to know about versioning and REST Web services .
The rest is mainly finicky details that are primarily dependent on the specifics of the platform and the ease with which the developers on the platform can respond to breaking changes .
The harder it is for them to change , the higher the bar should be for breaking changes .
For example , for Windows Live Messenger we have a high bar for breaking changes in the protocol that the server uses to talk to the desktop client because we know for a fact that not only does it take a surprisingly long time for the majority of users to switch to a new version of the client , there are users who actually cannot upgrade for a variety of reasons ( e.g. new versions of desktop client does n't work on their OS , corporate users or students who can't install software on the PC without permission , etc ) .
On the other hand , when it comes to the internal SOAP APIs that are used to communicate between the Contacts platform and Windows Live properties such as Windows Live Spaces , Windows Live Hotmail and so on the bar for breaking changes is slightly lower because ( i ) they are Web applications and the ( ii ) set of consumers of the API is limited .
Ensuring that a Web platform has a strategy for handling backwards compatibility issues is just as important in the Web 2.0 world as it is on the desktop .
Platform vendors who think otherwise are in for a rude awakening if they want adoption of their Web platform by serious developers .
In Switzerland , it does n’t take much to be in a Gucci ad campaign .
You photograph yourself naked , add a perfume bottle and the Gucci logo , send it to a weekly paper , and have them bill Gucci directly for the $ 50,000 .
They ’ll fall for it every time .
Naturally , this is now the top story at a rival newspaper .
— Posted by Tim Nudd
Tuesday 28 March 2006 @ 4:00 pm
Since the gossip sites have seen fit to print only the portion of the Jason Mewes story I told at UPenn ( that portion being what said sites seem to feel is the only interesting aspect of Mewes ’ life ) , I figured why not put the whole tale of Jason ’s battle with drug addiction into print here , where folks can get a better idea of who Jason truly is and maybe why he fell victim to heroin abuse in the first place .
I ’m thinking it ’s gonna be at least a four - parter , and I ’m hoping to wrap it up by April 6th , the day Mewes celebrates his “ Sober Birthday ” , when Jay will mark his third straight year of living completely drug and alcohol free .
At the least , it ’s a more comprehensive profile at a guy who ’s accomplished a lot more than celebrity bathroom sex ; at the most , it ’s an ode to a very unlikely hero of mine and a man I love ( in a decidedly hetero way ) .
Enjoy .
— — — — — — — — —— ——
–
On a mid-December early morn , circa 2003 , on the balcony of my house in the Hollywood Hills , Jason Mewes , my friend of seventeen years and co-star in five films at that point , dropped a bomb that shoud ’ve repulsed the shit out of me , or at the very least , made me vomit a little in my mouth .
“ Last night , at the Spider Club , Nicole Richie dragged me into the bathroom and fucked me . ”
And yet , instead of retching , I found myself battling another type of growing lump in my throat – the kind induced by watching your child enter the world , or the last ten minutes of “ Field of Dreams ” .
I was suppressing tearful joy , momentarily setting aside the compulsion to smack Jason upside the head , hollering “ Do n’t fuck the vapid , dammit ! ” due to the fact that I was so insanely proud of how far the boy had come and relieved that we were having this conversation at all .
See , for years , Jason had had what seemed like an unbeatable , untreatable addiction to , alternately , heroin and oxycontin .
It was a heartbreaking , trying and puzzling five - year stretch for me , so I ca n’t imagine how bad it was for him ( well , that ’s not entirely true .
Mewes would periodically flash self - awareness with statements like “ If I ’m still like this when I turn thirty , I should probably kill myself . ” ) .
Those who ’ve never struggled with drug dependency themselves , or loved anybody who has , will often dismiss the props more empathetic folks extend to the ex-junkie with caustic bon mots along the lines of “ So he / she quit drugs ?
Big deal .
Why celebrate someone for finally exhibiting common sense ?
They did n’t have to get hooked in the first place .
It ’s not like someone held a gun to their head and told them to try drugs . ”
Oftentimes , these are the same people who think being gay is a choice , too .
But in the case of drug abusers , not every addict has the luxury of choosing a glamorous existence of despair , lies , theft and self - loathing .
Some people are born genetically predisposed to chasing the dragon .
Like Mewes .
Born the son of a heroin abuser , Mewes spent most of his childhood raised by an aunt while his Mother fed her jones or spent years in jail .
She was n’t above stealing credit cards from neighborhood mailboxes , which resulted in the only Christmas gift of his childhood Jason recalls receiving from his mother : a new bike .
The bike came in handy when , during a brief period of her smack - addled fifty years , his Mom operated as a drug dealer , using an oblivious nine year old Jason as a bag - man who delivered drugs to locals his Mother did n’t trust enough to deal with herself .
With no Father on the scene ( to this day , Jason still does n’t know who his Dad is ) , the story of Young Mewes plays out in an almost depraved Dickensian fashion .
The nights when his Mom wanted to party , she ’d drop him and his sister off at the houses of total strangers .
The origins of Jay ’s fear of confined spaces can be traced back to said drop - offs when , shortly after his Mother lit off for brownstone pastures , he and his sister would be locked in a closet for safekeeping .
And yet , given the astounding level of parental neglect , Mewes somehow managed to grow up to be a good , if somewhat offbeat , kid – the guy with the million dollar heart ( and , sometimes , a nickel fucking head ) .
It was that combo that made me fall in hetero love with him seventeen years ago , though it was far from love at first sight .
Highlands , the town we ’re both from , is n’t a sprawling metropolis by any stretch of the imagination .
Classified as a borough , Highlands is primarily a sea- farming town , with clamming as its largest industry .
Roughly one square mile in length , it was rumored that the town had once made the Guiness Book of World Records for having the most bars in the shortest distance .
However , the decade - old addition of a ferry into the financial district of across - the - river Manhattan has since sent real estate in Highlands sky - rocketing to dizzying heights : my childhood home – a small , three bedroom ranch - style house in the once inexpensive downtown area , purchased in the late ‘ 60 ’s for $ 14,000 and sold by my parents in 1998 for $ 90,000 – is again up for sale , this time with an asking price north of $ 300,000 .
The waterfront condos that ’ve sprung up around town like coffee bars in the last ten years , start at easily over half a mil .
But back in the day , all men ( and women ) were not as equal , as the pre-ferry Highlands was distinctly separated into two classes : the more affluent uptown and the lower income downtown .
The latter was the home to a young Smith and Mewes , separated by about two blocks .
While I had n’t really known Mewes growing up , I ’d known of him : locals referred to the boy as “ That Mewes Kid ” .
You ’d hear stuff like “ There ’s that Mewes Kid .
He broke the window at Beedles ’ Pharmacy . ”
Or “ There ’s that Mewes Kid .
I heard he fucked a dog once . ”
Neither , of course , were true , but that was Mewes in the ‘ 80 ’s : a sonic boom with dirt on it , often at the epicenter of any number of suburban legends .
I was formally introduced to Jason by my friends Walter Flanagan and Bryan Johnson , shortly after completing a year - long stint as a latch - key kid after school activity director ( i.e. – I oversaw many games of kickball , foosball and billiards from three p.m. to six ) at the Bob Wilson Memorial Recreation Center – a building named in memory of the town ’s greatest celebrity , the former mayor who moonlighted as a prop man in the movie biz while managing to pick up a few bit parts along the way ( the cameraman on the soap opera in “ Tootsie ” who passes out when Dustin Hoffman finally reveals himself , live and on - air , to be a man ?
That was Bob Wilson ) .
After I ’d moved on from the Rec Center , Bry and Walt began regaling me with tales of Jason Mewes , who they ’d started hanging out with , after weeks of digging on his Rec- related monkeyshines .
On our way to Devils ’ games or mall trips , Bry and Walt would lavish the highest of praise on the absent Mewes with “ Is n’t he fucked up ? ”
It was only a matter of time , I knew , before he’d be incorporated into our group – a group that I ’d only recently joined myself .
On a Saturday trip to a NY comic book show , Bry and Walt sprung the young Mewes on me , insisting we bring the fellow comics enthusiast ( who owned no comics ) with us to the city .
“ You ’re serious ? ” I asked , giving Mewes the once - over .
“ He ’s a kid .
You want me to transport a minor over state lines in my car ?
No way . ”
Mewes , my junior by four years and Walt and Bry ’s junior by six , was still a high school student at this point – something my compatriots and I had n’t been in years .
But that was n’t nearly as threatening to me as the addition of a fourth party into our merry band .
I ’d been hanging with Walt and Bry for roughly a year , so I was the new funny guy .
I knew that bringing on a newer , funnier guy meant relegating my cache ’ to the backseat .
And the backseat was , indeed , where I ’d wound up , as Bry trumped my refusal to let Mewes into my car by opting to drive his Firebird into the city instead , thus accommodating the minor a golden ticket into our clan .
Worse still , Mewes had screamed “ Shotgun ! ” thus usurping my hallowed front seat position .
For the duration of the hour - long trek into mid-town Manhattan , I was forced to listen to my two friends cackling at Mewes ’ braying , as he punctuated every outlandish comment with “ NEH ! ” – a post - script that essentially meant “ I ’m kidding . ”
( Hence , the ass - kicking - inducing declaration “ I fucked your Mom last night ! ” was rendered benign , so long as it was quickly followed with the requisite “ NEH ! ” )
Beneath the guffaws of Bry and Walt , I could be heard muttering , arms crossed , “ He ai n’t so funny . ”
Mewes became a constant fourth wheel in our triumvirate .
If we went ice skaing , Mewes came along .
If we went to the mall , Mewes was in tow .
Late night trips to the Marina Diner ?
Mewes was not only there too , but always in need of a few bucks for fries .
And through it all , I always regarded the kid as an interloper .
My conversations were invariably directed at Bry and Walt , while Mewes listened in , ever sporting a puzzled look at the topic of conversation until he saw the opportunity to offer up some sort of outlandish what - if scenario that featured him fucking something or someone inappropriate nearby , topping it all off with a resounding “ NEH ! ”
The truly noteworthy aspect of any of these hang sessions was the complete and total absence of booze or drugs .
I ’d fallen out with my former high school crew over the introduction of mandatory weekend keggers into our social agenda , distressed by the fact that hours of pre-star - 69 crank calls had been replaced by obsessive quests to lay our hands on beers .
Bry and Walt offered sober - living fun – not by virtue of any desire to lead clean , drug - free lives ; simply because none of us were particularly fond of getting loaded .
The addition of Mewes did n’t change that at all , as a young Jason declared himself “ straight - edge ” , which he defined as “ no booze , no drugs , no chicks ” .
We ’d tried to explain to him many times that a straight - edge life was n’t defined by the absence of pussy , but a then - girl - shy Mewes opted to include it into his program anyway , to relieve himself of the pressure of trying to score .
The vast amount of jerking off he ’d engaged in on a daily basis , as related to me , Walt and Bry regularly and in vast detail , whether we wanted to hear about it or not , probably would ’ve precluded any shot he might have had left over to offer potential girlfriends anyway .
But as Bry and Walt became less interested in Mewes and more interested in their respective chicks , the then - single me would often answer the doorbell at my house to find Mewes standing outside .
“ What ’s up ? ” I ’d ask .
“ What ’re we doing today ? ” he ’d anxiously inquire .
“ Look , man – we ’re not friends , ” I ’d tell him .
“ You ’re friends with my friends .
We do n’t hang out together , you and I .
We hang out as a group with Bry and Walt .
Get it ? ”
“ Right , right … ” Mewes would respond , seeming to understand , then quickly add “ So what ’re we doing today ? ”
It was in this fashion that I sort of reluctantly inherited Mewes .
And while I had volumes in common with Bry and Walt , on the surface , Mewes and I were about as different as could possibly be .
Without Bry and Walt around , I bristled at his what - if scenarios .
I ’d spend double or triple time in a conversation with the kid , as I ’d have to define over 50 % of the words I used for him .
And all the while , I remained resistant to his charms .
Until that day at the Rec Center .
Walt and I had just come back from our weekly new comics run , and were quietly sitting in the Rec library , bagging and boarding our books .
The kids had n’t gotten out of school yet , so it was deaf - child silent in the building , save the metal rantings of King Diamond emanating on low volume from a nearby boom - box .
Then , suddenly , the stillness was shattered , as a sent - home - from - school - early Mewes kicked the Rec door open , marched into the building Groucho Marx style , and proceeded to fellate everything somewhat phallic in the room .
Walt and I watched with wonder as Mewes grabbed a pool cue and pretended to suck it off .
Losing interest , he ran up to the phone on the front desk , grabbed the receiver from the cradle , and pretended to suck that off .
He grabbed the flag pole and did the same .
He grabbed a whiffle ball bat and did the same .
This went on for twenty minutes , with seemingly no regard for our presence whatsoever .
He never looked at us as if to say “ Are you seeing this shit ? ”
He never looked at us at all .
He did n’t seem to care that we were even there .
This was n’t a show for our benefit .
It was as if he ’d been walking around Highlands moments earlier , took a gander at his watch , and was like “ Wow – it ’s two o’clock .
I ’d better get down to the Rec and suck everything off . ”
The kid had an agenda , and he was actively fulfilling it .
It was when he finally reached the Rec ’s only video game – a standard “ Asteroids ” kiosk that time had forgotten – that he finally paused .
Studying it momentarily and finding nothing dick - like to pretend to suck off , he seemed stymied .
There was no joystick to give him purchase ; just a roller ball and a fire button .
Walt and I watched with great curiosity , waiting to see how he ’d overcome this unforeseen obstacle .
After what felt like five minutes , Mewes shrugged , bent down to the game controls , and started working the roller ball like it was a clit – his tongue darting in and out of his mouth , lapping at the orb as he spun it with his finger .
That ’s when I finally caved and fell completely in love with Jason Mewes .
I thought “ This kid ’s a comic genius .
And if nothing else , he knows how to suck a dick .
So if I ever get really bored hanging out with him , at least there ’s always that to fall back on . ”
From then on , Mewes and I became inseparable .
We were a very unlikely pair , but we somehow found common ground .
He became my adopted son of sorts , and I wound up being his biggest advocate in our little group , bringing him into our weekend street hockey games ( for which I had to buy him roller blades ) or taking him with us to the movies ( for which I ’d have to buy his tickets ) .
Bry , Walt and I made it our mission in life to get him laid , as Mewes – the most uninhibited , say - anything pottiest of potty mouths – would clam up around girls .
At one party , we hooked him up with a chick who dragged him into the bathroom to make out , while we waited outside the door for news that he ’d finally busted his cherry .
Through the door , we heard stuff like “ That ’s not it ” and “ Eww , gimme some toilet paper . ”
Later , we ’d learn he did n’t make it into paradise before going off like a broken hydrant against her hip .
For years , Jason would crack me up with his weird observations and impromptu comedic sketches .
Even though the dude never did the high school plays or showed any interest in theater or acting , I ’d constantly commend him with “ Someone should put you in a movie , man . ”
One day , I decided that I ’d be that someone , when I finally left Highlands for a brief stint at the Vancouver Film School .
I was gone for only six months before dropping out and heading back home , where I discovered the once - straight - edge Mewes , in my absence , had become a weekend warrior : booze , weed , and chicks were the order of the day for him , as he racked up bed - post notches that left my own in the dust .
He ’d changed somewhat , with the addition of Blueberry Schnapps and dime - bags , but was still very much the same loveable nut - bar regardless : the kind of guy who , after knowing you for five minutes , would say things like “ It ’s warm in here , is n’t it ? ” and then pull his cock out .
It was that Jason Mewes who I ’d co-opted for the Jay character in “ Clerks ” , the script I ’d written shortly after dropping out of film school .
The role was written to Mewes ’ strengths , so much so that his complete inexperience in acting would n’t be a hindrance .
The part was peppered with his colloquialisms and catchphrases , written to Jason ’s intonations and verbal patois .
And yet , after reading the script , Mewes first words were “ I do n’t know if I can do this , man . ”
“ Why not ?
It ’s just you on a page . ”
“ Yeah , but why would I say something like ‘ Neh ’ ? ”
“ I do n’t know .
Why DO you say something like ‘ Neh ’ ? ”
“ I do ? ”
I spent a month teaching Jay how to be Jay , during which time I accepted the fact that I ’d never be able to pull off the role of Randal – the part I ’d written for myself – and concentrated on finding something else for me to do in the flick , on camera .
Since the part did n’t require the memorization of any lines , I opted to slip into the role of Jay ’s quiet muscle , figuring Mewes and I would at least look visually interesting standing beside one another ( him wiry and full of energy , me not ) .
And together , dressed in costumes not at all unlike what we normally wore at the time , we became Jay and Silent Bob , the neighborhood drug dealers .
The great irony , of course , is that it ’d be drugs that would one day not only threaten the continuation of Jay and Silent Bob , but also Jason ’s life .
To Be Continued …
The URI to TrackBack this entry is : http://silentbobspeaks.com/wp-trackback.php?p=235
No comments yet .
RSS feed for comments on this post .
news Ontario Coalition Against Discourtesy
Torontoist reader Brandon
Teed sent us the above photo and asks :
I was walking to class the other day on University just south of College when I saw this sign .
I ended up thinking about it all lecture and on the way home had to snap this picture .
My question is , what ’s the deal with this sign ?
It seemed pretty proper and not any ‘ random protesting tactic sign . ’
Do you know any info behind it ?
Was is OCAP ?
Or was the City involved somehow ?
It has me wondering and pondering .
We ’ve also received word of an identical sign by the park at Church and Queen , as well as one at Dundas Square that admonishes , “ Please keep our streets clean : Over 818 people have to sleep on them . ”
This casts doubt on OCAP or the TDRC being behind the signs , as 818 was among the disputed figures that resulted from the City ’s Street Needs Assessment ( i.e. The Great Homeless Count ) .
And we ’re pretty confident it was n’t the City , even though the quiet and cleanliness would surely make their tallying easier .
Can any Torontoist readers help us out ?
