Home | Art & Culture | History | Iran 's Guide | Society Sport in Iran
CHESS , Iranian or Indian Invention ?
By : Shapour Suren - Pahlav
T he Origin of Chess
( fig .
1 ) Seven pieces set , ivory , dated 762 CE Chess is one of humanities popular pastimes and has been described not only as a game , but also as an art , a science and a sport .
Chess is sometimes seen as an abstract war - game and a ‘ mental martial art .
And teaching and playing chess have been advocated as a way of enhancing mental prowess .
It is very unlikely that Chess , almost as it is played today suddenly came into existence or invented by one person .
The idea of it being a combination of elements from other board - games has merit .
Since almost all known board games have religious backgrounds the astrological component is entirely possible , even though one prefers the version that all elements come from other games , as the basis for the counters .
Iran as the area of origin is highly possible , especially because of the two excavated debated pieces from the second century CE , which were found in the area of the Iranian cultural domination .
However , " chess is an ancient game which is first mentioned in documents dating back to the early years of the 7th century CE and associated with North West India and Iran .
Before the 7th century the existence of chess in any land is not demonstrable by a single shred of contemporary evidence " ( Fiske , the Nation ) .
Claiming the glory
( fig . 2 ) A Knight chess - piece , 7th c. CE from Afrasiab Various scholars have proposed various origins for chess : Bidev states that “ chess comes from China ” , while Samsin suggests that there was hybridisation of Eastern and Western games in the post Alexander kingdom of Bactria in c180 - 50 BCE .
Josten is geographically between the two of them , favouring the Kushan Empire in ca. 50 BCE – 200 CE .
However , possibly the strongest – or perhaps most vociferous – arguments have come from those who consider that chess originated in the Indian subcontinent in around 600 CE .
This view was propagated by Murray and van der Linde in the late 19th – early 20th centuries , and has subsequently been supported by Averbak .
This brief paper examines some etymological , literary and archaeological evidence for the Iranian origin of chess – and so suggests that the question of the origin of the famous game is still unanswered .
Etymological evidence
Various names have been , and are now , used for chess - like games .
Indian Chaturanga , for example , is a chess - like game , but it is played on an eight by eight board ( rather than the modern chess twelve by twelve board ) and it uses slightly different pieces and rules to those in the modern game .
It has been suggested to be a proto - game for chess , of Indian origin .
( fig .
3 ) Elephant and Bull ( or Knight or Vizier ? ) , ivory , dated as early as 2nd c. CE , found at Dalverzin - Tepe .
Their use is unknown , some scholars think they can be game pieces .
The word chaturanga means ‘ quadripartite ’ or ‘ army ’ which reflects the four components in Vedic army platoons , which are themselves reflected in the types of pieces used in the game .
Ricardo Calvo notes that the first unmistakable reference to the game of chaturanga is in the Harschascharita by the court poet Bina , writing between 625 and 640CE .
The word ’s early literary use and its origin in the ancient language of Sanskrit have been suggested to provide supporting evidence for the Indian origin of chess .
Murray specifically suggested that the Sasanian - Pahlavi word chatrang – used for a game equivalent to the current chess – was derived from chaturanga .
However , one of the most etymological evidences can be identified in the terminology of chess pieces which are Persian such as Rook .
Rook which is a Western derivative of Rukh is another term for Iranian mythical bird Sên - Murv , and Simurgh in New Persian .
In ancient Iranian literature ( Avestan ) Sên-Murv identified as Homâ and in Arabic introduced as Rukh .
The Simurgh or Rukh , was depicted as a winged gigantic creature in the shape of a bird , that could carry an elephant or a camel .
The functionality of the Rook piece in game of chess and its iconography in Iranian world is quite significant .
The bird which Iranian believed imparted fertility to the land and the union between the earth and the sky .
In India , the piece is more popularly called haathi , meaning " elephant " .
( fig . 4 ) A Rukh piece found in Ferghana 8th to 10th c. CE
Another hint is the nomenclature of the pieces , persistently related to different sorts of animals rather than to components of an army :
In the " Grande Acedrex " of King Alfonso of Castile ( 1283 ) lions , crocodiles , giraffes etc. play over a board of 12x12 cases with peculiar jumping moves , and the invention of it is connected to the same remote period in India as normal chess .
They are very atypical in any context referring to India ( De Gruyter , p. ) .
Other chess terminologies are also deeply rooted in Persian language , such as “ checkmate ” ( the English rendition of shāh māt , which is Persian for " the king is frozen " ) as well as “ bishop ” and “ queen ” pieces .
" Bishop " chess piece which is a western innovation , derived from the elephant , most likely in the 15th century - it is from the Persian pīl meaning " the elephant " .
In Europe and the western part of the Islamic world people knew little or nothing about elephants , and the name of the chessman entered Western Europe as Latin alfinus and similar , a word with no other meaning .
This word " alfil " is in fact is an Arabic loanword from Persian pīl < fil , and in turn the Spanish word alfil would most certainly have been taken from Arabic .
Chess was introduced into Spain by Ali ibn - Nafi the famous Persian poet , musician and singer ( also known as Zaryāb or Ziryab , “ gold finder ” ) in the 9th century – it is described in a famous Libro de los juegos the 13th century manuscript covering chess , backgammon , and dice .
Some argue that since one of the pieces are being referred to as " elephant " , must of an Indian origin - on the other hand , elephants are not at all exclusive to India ( Gowers , p.173 ff ; Walbank , p. 205 -6 . ) .
However , Iranians were the first nation that introduced cavalry and they had also foot - soldiers , chariots and elephants as well as river and battle - ships .
In Egypt , the Ptolemaic Kings obtained elephants regularly from Somalia .
Strabo ( 16,4,5 ) mentions the foundation of several cities in Africa with the main purpose of hunting elephants ( Gowers , p.173 ff ; Walbank , p. 205 - 6 . ) .
The English name " bishop " is a rename inspired by the conventional shape of the piece .
( fig .
5 ) Elephant in carved dolomite - stone circa 7th c. CE
The chess piece known as " queen " is ( Persian ) farzīn also vizier .
It became ( Arabic ) firzān , which entered western European languages as forms such as alfferza , fers , etc – then later it was replaced by " queen " - possibly brought to West by British during the British rule of India ; aince the Indian equivalent of " queen " is rani .
Historical and Literary Evidence
Pre-Islamic written references to Chess or its development have all point out to it Iranian origin , in particular to two Persian records of about 600 CE .
These documents have solidly connected chess with the last period of the Sasanian rulers in Iran ( 224-651 CE ) .
The " Karnamak - ī Ardeshīr -ī Pāpakān " ( the Book of Deeds of Ardeshir-e Pāpakān ) , an epical treatise about the founder of Sasanian dynasty , mentions the game of " chatrang " as one of the cultural accomplishments of the Ardeshir as a young prince .
It has a proving force that a game under this name was popular in the period of redaction of the text , supposedly during the reign of Khosrow II , Parviz ( r. 590-628 CE ) - the work could have been composed as early as 260 CE .
( fig . 6 ) A Rukh from Nishapur 9th c. CE
The third and final Pahlavi text is known as Khūsraw ud Rēdag ( Khosrow and the Page ) .
It mentiones together with other games in chapter 15 of the ( ud pad Čatrang ud new - ardaxšî r ud haštpay kardan az hamahlan fraztar hom " and in playing Chess , backgammon and the hashtpay , I am superior to my comrades " ( Unvala , p. 16 ; Monchi - Zadeh , 1982 , p. 65 ; Panaino , 1999 , p. 51 ) .
It seems the story was taken place at the court of Khosrow I , Anūshakrūwān ( Immortal Soul - r. 488–531 CE ) and states that chess is one of the cultural disciplines that a noble should learn .
Ferdowsi the greatest of Iranian epic - poets wrote also about it in the 10th century , but his sources are solid and form a continuous chain of witnesses going back to the middle of the 6th Century in Iran .
He describes chess as arriving from Hind .
According to Iranian historical sources this name " Hind " was not used for India until after the 11th century .
Here " Hind " means Eastern - Province of Iranian Empire including modern Sistan va Baluchestan province , and while during the Achaemenid dynastic era it was extended to Khuzestan province .
As Bidev , the Russian chess historian pointed out , nobody could possibly generate the rules of chess only by studying the array position at the beginning of a game .
On the other hand , such an achievement might be made by looking at Takht -ī Nard ( backgammon ) , which is another Iranian game - invention - the use of dice also favours its Iranian origin .
The world oldest pair of dice was discovered in Dahān-e Gholāmān located in in southeastern Iranian province of Sistan , which date back to Achaemenid dynastic period ( fig. 12 . ) .
Archaeological Evidence
( fig .
7 ) Fragment of a Chess piece , probably the head of a King , found at Afrasiab , ivory 7th - 8th c. CE
The oldest clearly recognisable chessmen have been excavated in ancient Afrasiyab ( ancient Samarqand ) , in Iranian cultural domains contrasts with the absence of such items in India .
Afrasiab was under thy Islamic rule since 712 , but were essential a Persianate land and society by origin .
Some other old pieces , possibly Chess pieces , are the occasionally named chess pieces of an elephant and a zebu bull kept in Tashkent .
They were excavated in 1972 at Dalverzin - Tepe ( fig. 3 ) , an ancient citadel nowadays in Southern Uzbekistan , and stem from the 2nd century .
The Russian Chess history expert Linder feels that they are not Chess pieces , but belonged to a forerunner of Chess .
They could mean an earlier than previously assumed existence of Chess .
However , there are no chessmen there from early times in India , and only in the 10th century appears an indirect mention from Mas’udi : " The use of ivory [ in India ] is mainly directed to the carving of chess - and nard pieces " .
Some experts believe that old Indian chess pieces may be discovered one day .
So far , this is mere speculation .
( fig .
8 ) Vazir ( Bishop ) , found in Saqqizabad , Iran 7th to 8th c. CE
Next group of chess pieces ( three chessmen ) comes from Nishapur ( fig. 6 ) , and another ivory set was discovered though belonging to later times , 9th or 10th century .
These are not idols anymore and are carved following the abstract pattern which has been characterised as " Arabic " .
Introduction of Chess into India by Muslims
Games upon the " ashtapada " board of 8x8 , with dice and with two or more players may have served as " proto - chess " , but the two types of games already differ too strongly in their nature and philosophy to make the evolution of " Chaturanga " into " Shatransh " a simple question of direct parentage via the Persian " Chatrang " .
Muslim writers stated quite frequently that they took the game of " shatranj / sh " from the Iranians , who called it " chatrang " .
This happens in the middle of a political - cultural revolution , which has been analysed in historical texts .
The ruling Umayyads were overthrown by a certain Abul - Abbas , who initiated a new era around the year 750 - transferring the Islamic political centre from Damascus to former Iranian territory and Baghdad , which still was under Iranian cultural influence .
The Abbasid caliphs culturally and quasi ethnically of Iranian origin - so Iranian dominance became clearly the focal point in the cultural renaissance which took place inside the Arabic trunk .
Large number of the previous knowledge from ancient Iran , Greece , Byzantium , Egyptian and Middle East civilizations was compiled and translated into Arabic .
The new information absorbed in a scientific body which followed its further path towards the West .
Chess was only a part of this knowledge , packaged together with earlier mathematical , astronomical , philosophical or medical achievements .
However , we know that while chess flourished in Baghdad in the 9th century , the earliest reliable account of chess - playing in India date only from the 11th century .
*** Note : Large portion of this essay has been excerpted from " The Origin of Chess ; Some Facts to Think About " by Ricardo Calvo , 1996 .
Bibliography :
J. M. Unvala , The Pahlavi Text " King Husrav and his Boy , " published with its Transcription , translation and copious notes , Paris , n.d .
Ricardo Calvo ; Origin of Chess ( http://www.mynetcologne.de/~nc-jostenge/calvo.htm) .
. De Gruyter , " Hasb " in The Encyclopaedia of Islam , Leyden - New York ( 1967 ) .
William Gowers , " African Elephants and Ancient Authors " , African Affairs , 47 ( 1948 ) p.173 ff .
D. W. Fiske , The Nation , 1900 .
Frank W. Walbank , " Die Hellenistische Welt " , DTV 1983 p. 205-6 .
Harold J.R. Murray , A History of Board - games Other Than Chess , Oxford University Press Reprints ( 1952 ) .
D. Monchi-Zadeh , " Xus-rôv i Kavâtân ut Rêtak , " in Monumentum Georg Morgenstierne , vol .
II .
Acta Iranica 22 , Leiden , 1982 , pp. 47-91 .
H. J. R. Murray , A History of Chess , Oxford University Press Reprints ( 1913 ) .
N. Bland , On the Persian Game of Chess , JRAS 13 , 1852 , pp. 1-69 .
Henry A. Davidson , A Short History of Chess , David Mckay Co ( 1980 ) .
Abu Rayhan Biruni , Ketāb tahqīq mā le’l - Hend , Alberuni ’s India , 2 vols. , London 1888 - 1910 , I , pp.183-85 .
Panaino , A. , La novella degli Scacchi e della Tavola Reale .
Un'antica fonte orientale sui due gixochi da tavoliere piuà diffusi nel mondo euroasiatico tra Tardoantico e Medioevo e sulla loro simbologia militare e astrale .
Testo pahlavi , traduzione e commento al Wiz-arišn î Chatrang ud nihišn î new - ardaxšî r " La spiegazione degli scacchi e la disposizione della tavola reale , " Milano , 1999 .
Harry Golombek , Chess : A History , Putnam Pub Group ( 1976 ) .
Ann C. Gunter , Art from Wisdom : The Invention of Chess and Backgammon , Oxford University Press ( 1991 ) .
Thieme , “ Chess and Backgammon ( Tric - Trac ) in Sanskrit Literature , ” Indological Studies in Honor of W. Norman Brown , ed. E. Bender , New Haven Connecticut ( 1962 ) .
Raymond D. Keene , Chess : An Illustrated History , Simon & Schuster ( 1990 ) .
David H. Li , Who ?
Where ?
When ?
Why ?
How ?
The Genealogy of Chess ( http://www.mynetcologne.de/~nc-jostenge/index.htm) .
. Abul Qasem Ferdowsi , The Shahnameh : ( The Book of Kings ) : 5 ( Vol 5 ) ( Persian Text Series .
New Series , No 1 ) , Edited by Djalal Khaleghi - Motlagh , Mazda Publisher ( 1997 ) .
I. M. Linder , The Art of Chess Pieces , Moscow , 1994 .
Alfred L. Paul , “ The Origin of Chess ” , Western Chess Chronicle Vol. 1 July , 1936 No. 9 .
Sam Sloan , The Origin of Chess , Sloan Publishers ( 1985 ) .
C.J. Brunner , " The Middle Persian Explanation of Chess and Invention of Backgammon , " The Journal of the Ancient Near Eastern Society of Columbia University , Vol. 10 ( 1978 ) .
A. van der Linde , Geschichte und Literatur des Schachpiels ( 1874 ) .
David Levy , Oxford Encyclopaedia of Chess Games , Oxford University Press ( 1981 ) .
David Smith , Ratnakara 's " Haravijaya " ( Oxford University South Asian Studies Series ) , OUP India ( 1986 ) . ( fig . 9 ) Rock crystal CE 800 ( possibly chess pieces ) found at Basra
( fig. 10 ) Jami's 15th century Persian manuscript of Haft Awrang depicting two Persian chess players .
( fig . 11 ) An Indian manuscript depicting Krishna and Radha playing chaturanga on an 8x8 Ashtāpada .
( fig. 12 ) A pair of Achaemenid dices from Dahan-e Gholaman
( fig . 13 ) Rumi's 15th - 16th century Persian manuscript of Divan-e Shamse Tabrizi depicting Shamse Tabrizi playing chess with a young Persian prince .
***
Note :
This article is the courtesy of CAIS at SOAS ( Circle of Ancient Iranian Studies ) .
Enlarge Warner Bros. Pictures Max ( Max Records ) and Carol ( voiced by James Gandolfini ) roll their terrible eyes and gnash their terrible teeth .
Who 's Max ?
Why , Max is Max .
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS : Check out scenes from the movie MORE : A ' Wild ' vision drives director 's creation Max Records , 11 , is the boy with anger issues who escapes to a land where giant beasts roam in Where the Wild Things Are , the film version of Maurice Sendak 's 1963 storybook classic .
Such same - name casting is the type of coincidence that could only happen to a filmmaker who once placed a portal in an actor 's head in Being John Malkovich " It 's just fortuitous , kismet , circumstance , " says Spike Jonze , who cast Max after a director friend sent him a tape .
" I can't imagine anyone else playing Max .
Max is the soul of the movie .
He 's a very special sort of kid .
Deep and thoughtful .
Sweet and sincere . "
Audiences will get a chance to check out both Maxes on Friday in a trailer accompanying Monsters vs. Aliens .
The Portland , Ore. , sixth - grader spent four months on the film , which was shot outside Melbourne , Australia .
His parents —
Shawn , a photographer , and Jenny , a librarian — along with brother Sam , 7 , joined him Down Under .
Max has been in videos for Death Cab for Cutie and Cake but has almost no performing experience other than a bit part in school " that was pretty pathetic . "
Save for Star Wars , he says , " I was n't a huge movie person .
" I 'm not into what won the Oscars this year . "
What he is into is books , and Wild Things is one of his favorites .
" It 's sort of different and not a simple story . "
Max , who also can be seen in The Brothers Bloom ( May 29 ) , would like to continue to act .
" But not gigantic parts .
I 'm in school and stuff .
It 's too disruptive . "
He did get some encouragement — from Sendak himself .
" I got to meet him last September , " he says .
What did the author say to him ?
" Good job . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
What can be done , if anything ?
Mexico ’s root misfortune is to have a 2,100 - mile border with the world ’s biggest market for illegal drugs , and a long history of violence and corruption in its own culture and society .
For 71 years after the bloody mayhem of the revolution , Mexico was ruled by an authoritarian kleptocracy called the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI , in Spanish ) and during the 1980s and 1990s the PRI made discreet arrangements with the burgeoning drug cartels .
Everyone took their cut , there was less violence and mayhem than today , and Mexico ’s war against drug trafficking was essentially a sham designed to please the United States .
Then came the overthrow of the PRI by democratic election in 2000 .
The monolithic system of power in Mexico started to open up and loosen , and so did the arrangements of corruption and protection with the cartels .
You can meet these strange cars in the streets of Russia and the former Soviet republics .
Most of them were produced in the USSR , and most likely , Soviet engineers could not even think about such fate of these vehicles .
But some of them are tuned very nicely .
One of the many issues left unresolved by last year ’s decision in District of Columbia v. Heller was the question of whether or not the Court ’s holding , and the Second Amendment in general , would apply to the states .
Back in 1886 , in the case Presser v. Illinois , the Supreme Court specifically held that the Second Amendment only limited the national government , and no subsequent case has applied the doctrine of incorporation to the Second Amendment .
Until now that is .
Yesterday , a panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Second Amendment does in fact apply to the states :
The Constitution ’s protection of an individual right to have guns for personal use restricts the powers of state and local government as much as it does those of the federal government , the Ninth Circuit Court ruled Monday .
The opinion by the three - judge panel can be found here .
This is the first ruling by a federal appeals court to extend the Second Amendment to the state and local level .
Several cases on the same issue are now awaiting a ruling by the Seventh Circuit Court .
Ruling on an issue that is certain to reach the Supreme Court , the Circuit Court concluded “ that the right to keep and bear arms ” as a personal right has become a part of the Constitution as it applies to the states through the Fourteenth Amendment ’s due process clause .
That right , it said , “ is ‘ deeply rooted in this Nation ’s history and tradition . ’
Colonial revolutionaries , the Founders , and a host of commentators and lawmakers living during the first one hundred years of the Republic all insisted on the fundamental nature of the right .
It has long been regarded as the ‘ true palladium of liberty . ’
“ Colonists relied on it to assert and to win their independence , and the victorious Union sought to prevent a recalcitrant South from abridging it less than a century later .
The crucial role this deeply rooted right has played in our birth and history compels us to recognize that it is indeed fundamental , that it is necessary to the Anglo - American conception of ordered liberty that we have inherited .
We are therefore persuaded that the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment incorporates the Second Amendment and applies it against the states and local governments . ”
But , following the lead of the Supreme Court ’s decision last June in District of Columbia v. Heller , finding a personal right in the Second Amendment for the first time , the Circuit Court concluded that the right as interpreted by the Justices is limited to “ armed self - defense ” in the home .
Based on this , the Court upheld the law at issue in the case ; a county ordinance that prohibited gun owners from bringing guns on county property or , more specifically as Chris Byrne notes , the county passed an ordinance prohibiting the Plaintiff ’s in this case from holding a gun show at a county convention center .
Given the holding in Heller , this result is as unsurprising as the Ninth Circuit ’s decision on incorporation .
Consider this excerpt from Justice Scalia ’s majority opinion :
Like most rights , the right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited .
From Blackstone through the 19th - century cases , commentators and courts routinely explained that the right was not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose .
See , e.g. , Sheldon , in 5 Blume 346 ; Rawle 123 ; Pomeroy 152–153 ; Abbott333 .
For example , the majority of the 19th - century courts to consider the question held that prohibitions on carrying concealed weapons were lawful under the Second Amendment or state analogues .
See , e.g. , State v. Chandler , 5 La. Ann. , at 489–490 ; Nunn v. State , 1 Ga. , at 251 ; see generally 2 Kent * 340 , n. 2 ; The American Students ’ Blackstone 84 , n. 11 ( G. Chase ed. 1884 ) .
Although we do not undertake an exhaustive historical analysis today of the full scope of the Second Amendment , nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill , or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings , or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms .
26
We also recognize another important limitation on the right to keep and carry arms .
Miller said , as we have explained , that the sorts of weapons protected were those “ in common use at the time . ” 307 U. S. , at 179 .
We think that limitation is fairly supported by the historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of “ dangerous and unusual weapons . ”
See 4 Blackstone 148–149 ( 1769 ) ; 3 B. Wilson , Works of the Honourable James Wilson 79 ( 1804 ) ; J. Dunlap , The New - York Justice 8 ( 1815 ) ; C. Humphreys , A Compendium of the Common Law in Force in Kentucky 482 ( 1822 ) ; 1 W. Russell , A Treatise on Crimes and Indictable Misdemeanors 271–272 ( 1831 ) ; H. Stephen , Summary of the Criminal Law 48 ( 1840 ) ; E. Lewis , An Abridgment of the Criminal Law of the United States 64 ( 1847 ) ; F. Wharton , A Treatise on the Criminal Law of the United States 726 ( 1852 ) .
See also State v. Langford , 10 N. C. 381 , 383–384 ( 1824 ) ; O’ Neill v. State , 16Ala. 65 , 67 ( 1849 ) ; English v. State , 35 Tex . 473 , 476 ( 1871 ) ; State v. Lanier , 71 N. C. 288 , 289 ( 1874 ) .
While this is dicta that was not essential to the ruling in Heller , it was a clear signal from the Court to the Circuit and District Court ’s that it ’s decision was not intended to be , and should not be interpreted as , a blanket declaration that restrictions on gun ownership of all kinds were per se unconstitutional .
In fact , Scalia was careful to say in his opinion that the basis for the Court ’s ruling in Heller was based primarily on what it saw as a fundamental right of self defense in the home .
Given that , the present makeup of the Court , and the likelihood that we ’ll see at least one new Justice before this case is argued in Washington if it is appealed , it seems likely to me that the Supreme Court would agree with the Ninth Circuit on the incorporation issue , but that it would also agree that Alameda County ’s restriction on guns on public property was a reasonable regulation under the Second Amendment .
That said , though , this is an important decision for gun rights because it means that restrictive gun laws across the country — in places like New York , Chicago , and San Francisco — are now potentially subject to being struck down for the same reasons that the Court struck down the laws at issue in Heller .
On the whole , that ’s a big victory .
C/P : Below The Beltway
White , blue - eyed bankers are entirely to blame for the world financial crisis that has ended up hitting black and indigenous people disproportionately , the president of Brazil declared .
In an outspoken intervention as Gordon Brown stood alongside him , Luiz Inacio " Lula " da Silva pledged to make next week 's G20 summit " spicy " as he accused the rich of forcing the poor into greater hardship .
" This crisis was caused by no black man or woman or by no indigenous person or by no poor person , " Lula said after talks with the prime minister in Brasilia to discuss next week 's G20 summit in London .
" This crisis was fostered and boosted by irrational behaviour of some people that are white , blue - eyed .
Before the crisis they looked like they knew everything about economics , and they have demonstrated they know nothing about economics . "
Challenged about his claims , Lula responded : " I only record what I see in the press .
I am not acquainted with a single black banker . "
The remarks by Lula , a former trade union leader who had an impoverished upbringing in the poor north - east of Brazil , enlivened Brown 's five - day trip to North and South America .
This is designed to pave the way for a global agreement on how to tackle the global downturn at next week 's G20 summit in London , to be chaired by Brown .
The prime minister travelled to Brazil , the world 's 10th largest economy , to talk up his latest initiative to stimulate world trade .
Brown wants to win agreement at next week 's summit for a new $ 100 bn global fund to increase credit flows .
Lula lavished praise on Brown for always rallying to the help of Brazil as he made clear that he accepts many of the prime minister 's interventionist ideas for stimulating global growth .
But as they stood in the formal entrance to the president 's palace , Brown had to watch as the pugilistic former trade union leader embarked on one of his familiar tirades .
Lula said world leaders had to be prepared for a political fight to ensure no repeat of what Brown called the global financial " power cut " .
" This meeting in London has to be a bit spicy because there has got to be a political debate , " said Lula .
" I want a London consensus . "
The president indicated that he is uneasy about the US , which has been arguing that the most important measure to take is a further co-ordinated global fiscal stimulus .
Lula used a colourful analogy to illustrate his demand for tougher regulation of financial markets .
" We do not have the right to allow this crisis to continue for long .
We are determined to make sure the world financial system is vigorously regulated .
You go to a shopping mall and you are filmed .
You go to the airport and you are watched .
I can't imagine that only the financial system has no surveillance at all . "
The president then turned his fire on the media for demonising immigrants :
" The great majority of the poor are still not getting their share of the development that was caused by globalisation .
They are the first victims .
I follow the press and I see that prejudice is a factor against immigrants in the most developed countries . "
The behaviour of developed countries contrasted badly , he added , with Brazil , which is a member of the " Bric " group of emerging economies – Brazil , Russia , India and China .
" Here in Brazil , on the contrary , we have made the decision to permanently regulate thousands of Bolivians who were undocumented .
We can't put on their shoulder the responsibility for the crisis caused by very few people . "
Brown looked mildly uncomfortable during Lula 's outburst .
He had hoped that their joint press conference would be dominated by his announcement that he will table plans at next week 's G20 summit in London for a new $ 100 bn fund of credit guarantees to boost world trade .
The prime minister said : " The newest fallout from this banking crisis that has hit the world is the reduction in trade .
Chinese exports are down 25 % , Germany 's exports are down 20 % , Japan 's exports are down more than 40 % .
So we have to act on trade as we are acting on banking reform and on economic growth .
" At the G20 next week we will debate further measures .
Ninety per cent of all world trade is financed by credit .
Credit has dried up dramatically in recent months , it has increased the costs of trade for businesses in every country .
The international community cannot stand aside . "
" Everything predicted by the enemies of banks , in the beginning , is now coming to pass .
We are to be ruined now by the deluge of bank paper .
It is cruel that such revolutions in private fortunes should be at the mercy of avaricious adventurers , who , instead of employing their capital , if any they have , in manufactures , commerce , and other useful pursuits , make it an instrument to burden all the interchanges of property with their swindling profits , profits which are the price of no useful industry of theirs . "
-- Thomas Jefferson letter to Thomas Cooper , 1814 .
Are we standing at the edge of a Great Inflation ( like Weimar Germany ) , a second Republican Great Depression , or a return to the middle class prosperity of the Roosevelt / Eisenhower New Deal era ?
Until Americans understand the difference between " money " and " debt , " odds are its going to be one of the first two , at least over the next few years .
Money
" Money " is a convenient replacement for barter in an economy .
Instead of my giving you five pounds of carrots , so you wash my car , then you trade the carrots for a new shirt , and the clothing store then trades the carrots to a trucker that brings them their inventory , we all just agree to use a ten - dollar bill .
Because a nation 's money supply represents that nation 's " wealth " - the sum total of goods , services , and resources available in an economy / nation - it needs to have a fixed value relative to the number / amount of goods , services , and resources within the nation .
As an economy grows - more factories , more goods , more services - the money supply grows so one dollar always represents the same number of carrots .
( And with a fractional reserve banking system like we have , that growth is created mostly by banks lending money and creating it out of thin air in the process . )
If the money supply contracts , or grows slower than the economy , then we experience deflation - the value of money increases , goods and services become less expensive ( fewer dollars to buy the carrots ) , but because the value of money has increased it becomes harder to get .
When this happens quickly , because of its economically destabilizing influence ( businesses and people can't get current money - cash - or future money - credit - because money is more valuable ) , it 's called a Depression .
On the other hand , if the money supply expands or grows faster than the economy , there are more dollars than there are goods and services so the number needed to buy a pound of carrots increases .
This is inflation , and when it happens suddenly and on a large scale , it 's called hyperinflation .
Therefore , one of the most important jobs overseen by Congress and executed by a Central Bank ( or the Treasury Department if we were to go with the system envisioned by the Founders and Framers of the Constitution ) is to " regulate the value " of our money ( to quote Article I , Section 8.5 of our Constitution ) by making sure the number of dollars in circulation always steadily tracks the size of the overall economy .
If the economy grows 2 % , then that year there should be 2 % more dollars put into circulation .
More than that will create inflation ; fewer will create deflation .
Debt
" Debt " is not money .
Instead , it 's a charge against future money .
But even though it 's a charge against future money , it can still be spent as if it was today 's money - except that it must be repaid with interest .
And therefore debt must have some sort of a balanced relationship to the total size of the economy - albeit the future economy - for it not to be destabilizing .
In other words , if over the next twenty years ( the term of a typical and healthy mortgage ) the economy is expected to grow by X percent or X number of dollars , then the total amount of twenty - year debts that can be issued should be limited to X .
But if it 's greater than X , then when the future arrives there wo n't be enough circulating money to repay the debt , because the economy ( and the money supply ) wo n't have grown as great as the debt repayment demand .
The only two options are for debt holders to default ( bankruptcies , foreclosures , etc. - Depression ) , or for the government to suddenly increase the supply of money ( inflation ) .
The same is true of one - year debt ( credit cards ) , four - or five - year debt ( car loans , typically ) , and all other forms of debt .
In aggregate , if the amount of debt is allowed to grow faster than the economy will grow over the term of the debt , when the debt is due there will be a problem , and if it 's grown hugely , a disaster .
This is what we 're experiencing right now .
Over the past three decades - largely since Reagan - debt ( both private and public / government ) has expanded much more rapidly than the economy has grown .
" Now " was " the future " when the debt was issued , but the economy has n't grown to the point where there are enough dollars ( in reality , enough value - goods and services ) to repay that debt .
Thus we are experiencing a " wringing out " of that debt - bankruptcies and foreclosures - relative to the current wealth of the economy .
This is the most critical thing to see clearly - without adhering to this simple concept , a government or central bank will always either create boom / bust cycles ( depressions / recessions ) or inflation .
Without regulating debt , a government will be taken hostage and an economy destroyed by for - profit institutions that are able to create debt without regulation ( banks ) .
Panics
Although Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton - two opposite sides of the national bank debate - both understood this simple concept , it was n't brought into the realm of law until the mid-1930s with a series of strict regulations on the abilities of banks to create debt ( loan money ) , and strong political limits on the ability of government to go into debt outside of wartime .
That 's why from the founding of this nation until 1935 , we experienced a " banking panic " at least once every 10 to 15 years from 1776 until 1935 .
Then Roosevelt took the banks in hand , by creating a series of regulatory agencies and empowering them with strict laws .
The result was that for fifty years in the United States - roughly 1937 to Black Monday of 1987 - we did n't experience a single national " panic " or consequential bank failure .
The stock market grew steadily ( allowing for the blips surrounding WWII ) .
It was also hard to get a credit card ( short term debt ) , buy a car ( medium - term debt ) , or get a mortgage ( long - term debt ) without proving that you would be able to repay the amount in the future - in other words , that there would be future expanded - economy dollars that you could lay claim to because of your particular job and skills .
Credit was regulated .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Reagan changed the rules of the game , particularly when he brought in the anti-regulation Libertarian Alan Greenspan as Chairman of the Fed .
He ran up a massive federal debt - greater than that of every president from George Washington to Jimmy Carter combined - in just eight years , and began the process of loosening the power of bank regulators .
That process was finished by a Republican Congress ( particularly Phil Gramm ) and President Bill Clinton ( with help from Rubin and Summers ) and then booted out the door by George W. Bush , who borrowed even more than Reagan .
Bush even used an obscure 19th century law to fight states ' attorneys general who wanted to regulate or prosecute fraud among banks and mortgage lenders in their states ( see the article by Eliot Spitzer in the Washington Post just before his being outed for sleeping with a hooker ) .
Green Eyeshades
During the " Great Stability " - that period from the 1935 onset of the New Deal and the beginning of its end with Reagan 's massive tax cuts of 1981 and 1986 , leading directly to the stock market crash of 1987 and the S&L debacle - banking was , as Paul Krugman noted in a recent column , " boring . "
Credit and currency were considered part of the commons , not something off which a small elite should profit .
Like the utilities in the game Monopoly , banks provided a predictable but relatively low profit .
Nobody got rich , but nobody lost anything , either .
Bankers were the safe and predictable guys who wore green eyeshades at work and pocket protectors in their shirts .
The nation 's main products were goods and services ; nobody " made money with money " in any big way .
Since the serial deregulations of the financial services sector brought on by Reagan , Bush , Clinton , and Bush , however , bankers became fabulously rich .
They called themselves the " Masters of the Universe . "
They came to dominate contributions to politicians , and facilitated the takeover of most major US newspapers , all the while using debt as their mail tool to make money ( burdening those newspapers with such debt that many are now going out of business because they can't repay it ) .
By 2005 , fully 40 percent of all corporate profits in the US came from the financial services sector - a group of people who did n't produce anything at all of value , nothing edible or usable , nothing that would survive into future generations .
They invented fancy derivative " products " that they " sold " at high commission rates around the world so others could " make money with money . "
In fact , they were n't making money - they were taking money .
Behavior that would have been criminal during the Roosevelt , Truman , Eisenhower , Kennedy , Johnson , Nixon , Ford , and Carter administrations became " normal " and was even encouraged : more than half of all the graduates from many of America 's top colleges and universities went into finance so they could get in on the very lucrative scam .
They created debt .
As Ellen Brown notes at www.webofdebt.com, according to the Bank of International Settlements , they created and sold at a profit over 900 trillion dollars worth of debt - and risk - based " instruments . "
That 's a pretty mind - boggling number when you consider that the GDP of the United States is around 14 trillion and the GDP of the entire planet is around 65 trillion .
All of these " products " were made and sold based on the assurance that when " then " became " now " the economy would have grown fast enough for there to be enough dollars to pay it back .
But the reality of a debt bubble that exceeds the world 's GDP many times over came crashing in on us in 2007 - and still has n't fully crested - producing the " crisis " we currently face .
Are we there yet ?
Are we recovering from it all now ?
Will things soon be back to normal ?
If by " normal " we mean like life during the " Great Stability , " the answer is : " Not a chance . "
Back then we had in place tariffs and trade policies , first initiated in 1791 by Alexander Hamilton , that protected our domestic manufacturing industries .
We still made things - in fact , the USA was the world 's largest exporter of manufactured goods , and the world 's largest creditor .
Like today 's China , for over 100 years we 'd loaned other countries money so they could buy our stuff !
On the other hand , if by " normal " we mean how things were over the past 28 " Reaganomics " years - a stagnating middle class , disintegrating manufacturing sector , and piles of money being made by bets and debts - then maybe .
After just the first decade of Reaganomics , we went from being the world 's largest exporter of manufactured goods to being the world 's largest importer ; we went from being the world 's largest creditor to being the world 's largest debtor .
None of that has changed .
We have n't repealed Reagan 's disastrous tax cuts , which have exploded our nation 's budget deficits .
We have n't repudiated NAFTA and the WTO and gone back to an international trade policy that puts American interests over those of transnational corporations .
We have not re-regulated the banks , and have not brought back 6000 - year - old laws against usury ( excessive interest rates on debt ) .
The bankers , in fact , are fighting it tooth and nail - the financial services industry in whole has spent over $ 5 billion lobbying Congress over the past ten years - and their acolytes like Lawrence Summers and Tim Geithner play major and consequential roles in the Obama administration .
It appears that the plan today is not to regulate the amount of debt that banks can create , but instead to both print more money and do everything possible to reinflate the debt bubble .
( Lacking a return to Hamilton 's national manufacturing and trade policy , as a nation we just continue to slip deeper and deeper into Third World status as an importer and debtor - this may be our only choice if we do n't wake up soon . )
If followed , the Summers / Geithner policy can have only one of two outcomes : inflation or another , more serious crash .
It 's possible we could have both .
Apparently the bankers and Summers / Geithner 's hope is that neither or both do n't happen for at least three and a half years ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Protesters have stormed the Royal Bank of Scotland in London as thousands of people descended on the City ahead of the G20 summit of world leaders .
Demonstrators launched missiles and forced their way into the bank after clashes with police in the capital .
Nineteen people were arrested on Wednesday , while some police and protesters were injured in scuffles .
Climate change activists have pitched tents in the street , while anti-war campaigners are holding a rally .
Click here for a map of protests
The protests came as US President Barack Obama spoke of the " sense of urgency " needed to confront the financial crisis after he met Prime Minister Gordon Brown at Downing Street .
By Wednesday afternoon the prime minister 's spokesman said they were hoping to reach a successful conclusion to the summit .
At the height of the demonstrations , the police estimated there were up to 4,000 demonstrators in the City and officers cordoned off a number of streets .
The BBC's Ben Brown said there had been an " increasingly ugly mood " in Threadneedle Street after protesters smashed RBS windows with missiles , including coins and computer keyboards , and entered the building .
The branch had been closed already as a precautionary measure .
Mounted police and riot officers used shields to push demonstrators back and officers said they entered the RBS building just after 1400 BST " in support of building security " .
The £ 703,000 pension arrangement of RBS former chief executive , Sir Fred Goodwin , has sparked public anger .
An RBS spokesman said : " The safety of our employees and our customers is of paramount importance to us . "
G20 PLANNED PROTESTS 1100 BST : Financial Fools '
Day protesters leave Cannon Street , Moorgate , Liverpool Street and London Bridge stations to march to the Bank of England .
1230 BST : Climate Camp converges on European Climate Exchange .
1400 BST : Stop the War Coalition marches from US Embassy to Trafalgar Square .
1700 BST : Protest on Mall outside Buckingham Palace
Policing the G20 Recession rallies protesters G20 protesters : what they want However , by mid afternoon the BBC's Danny Shaw said police sources believed the mood had changed , with the atmosphere becoming less tense .
Officers were on the look out for people who were " of interest " .
Earlier , officers were pelted with empty beer cans , fruit and flour outside the Bank of England as the crowd of demonstrators had attempted to reach a peaceful climate change protest in nearby Bishopsgate .
Hundreds of Climate Camp demonstrators - behind direct action protests at Heathrow Airport and power stations in North Yorkshire and Kent - pitched tents in protest against carbon markets .
The BBC's Mark Georgiou said there was an " almost Glastonbury atmosphere " at the demonstration outside the European Climate Exchange , which featured " music and meditation " .
Several hundred anti-war demonstrators have also marched to a rally in Trafalgar Square from the US Embassy in central London .
The BBC's Dominic Casciani said it had a " completely different mood " to the protests in the City , and demonstrators were in peaceful mood .
Earlier , protest groups under the G20 Meltdown banner had marched to the Bank of England in the City urging those who had lost their homes , jobs , savings or pensions to join them in following four " horsemen of the apocalypse " to " lay siege " to financial institutions .
' Greed ' Many City workers have dressed in casual clothes after banks and other institutions were warned they may be targeted .
Protester Daniel Blinkhorn , from Brighton , was among those marching from London Bridge station to the Bank .
He said the G20 leaders had a " real opportunity to green the global economy " .
Housing association worker Tony Streeter told the BBC : " I 'm here because I think people are angry about what 's going on in the world there 's too much greed . "
Scotland Yard said a total of 23 people had been arrested in connection with the protests , including four on Tuesday .
The four people were charged after officers were alerted to a group trying to break into a building in the Holborn area of central London , police said .
On Wednesday , police questioned demonstrators travelling in an armoured vehicle dressed in helmets and overalls .
Police say 11 people have been arrested on suspicion of possessing police uniforms and for road traffic offences .
Six police forces are part of the £ 7.5 m security plan , led by London 's Met .
Return to the story
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
First came canary in the coal mine .
Now there 's the lizard on the wall
Researchers have found that wall lizards may be reliable early detectors for toxins and other pollutants from onshore oil drilling activity .
Environmental scientists from the University of Siena in Italy analyzed wall lizards captured at four sites downwind from the Monte Alpi Oil Center in Val d'Agri , an area in Italy 's southern Apennine mountains that holds substantial oil reserves .
Tests of the lizards ' blood revealed elevations in several chemicals known to cause health problems in both reptiles and humans , including the heavy metals mercury and cadmium .
Also present in the animals ' blood and bile were signs of exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) — a family of more than 100 substances generated by the partial burning of oil , gas and other materials .
According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , certain polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons " may reasonably be expected " to cause cancer in people .
They also have been linked to chromosomal changes in children whose mothers were exposed to high levels of these compounds in air pollution while pregnant .
Concentrations of these harmful hydrocarbons were highest near the drilling site , the researchers say .
" Results obtained validate , for the first time , [ the Italian wall lizard ] as a terrestrial bio-indicator for the assessment of the toxicological impact of onshore extraction activity , " the researchers wrote in their paper published online in the journal Science of the Total Environment .
" The availability of this reptile in southern Europe , its easiness of capture and lifestyle ( insectivorous , resident ) as well as the excellent laboratory results obtained for assay of [ PAHs ] , trace elements and enzyme responses to this toxicological stress , make it a perfect terrestrial bio-indicator for oil - derived contamination . "
Bio-indicators are plants and animals that scientists use to monitor the presence of toxins in the environment ( like the miners ' canaries , whose lives depended on an adequate supply of breathable air ) .
Wall lizards often are a locally abundant species , one trait that " would make them useful as bio-indicators , " says biologist Bruce Kingsbury , director of the Center for Reptile and Amphibian Conservation and Management at Indiana University –Purdue University Fort Wayne .
Indeed , Kuwaiti scientists used ants and fringe - toed lizards , a desert species of reptile , to monitor the lingering effects of the well fires at Kuwait 's Al - Burgan oil fields during the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
According to that study , 12 years after the event , tests of the animals showed signs of contamination with PAHs .
Russell Burke , a biologist at Hoftstra University in Hempstead , N.Y. , who has studied Italian wall lizards in the U.S. , says the species would be " at least as good as , and possibly better than " other bio-indicators , such as mice and plants .
They exist in high densities , are easy to collect , and their organs are easy to reach and analyze in the lab .
One possible drawback , Burke says , is that as insectivores , the lizards are a step removed from direct ingestion of plants , so they might not accumulate environmental pollutants as rapidly as local flora .
He says , however , because they are small and easy to keep in captivity — unlike wild mice , which are notoriously difficult to maintain in cages — wall lizards would make a good model species for experiments designed to determine the effects of toxins on mortality , reproduction and growth .
Beratung und Unterstützung in der Schwangerschaft
Ein Kind zu bekommen , ist etwas Wundervolles und nur sehr wenige Ereignisse verändern das Leben so grundlegend wie der Familienzuwachs .
Allerdings kann eine Schwangerschaft auch viele Ungewissheiten , Fragen und Probleme mit sich bringen .
In der Schwangerenberatung unterstütze ich als Hebamme in Siegen Frauen ( und Männer ) in ihrer , oftmals noch unbekannten Lebenssituation , rund um die Schwangerschaft .
Die Schwangerschaftsberatung ist eine freiwillige Beratung , wird aber von werdenden Eltern gerne in Anspruch genommen .
Das Recht auf diese Beratung ist im Schwangeren - und Familienhilfeänderungsgesetz gesetzlich gesichert .
Zu den Themen der Schwangerenberatung gehören die Familienplanung , Methoden der Fruchtbarkeitswahrnehmung , persönliche Lebensgestaltung , Partnerschaft , Sexualität und Elternschaft , Verhütungsmittel und Arten , der Empfängnisverhütung .
Während des gesamten Schwangerschaftsverlauf , betreue ich als erfahrene Hebamme im Raum Siegen Mutter und Kind und begleite sie , wenn es um Themen wie pränataldiagnostische ( Untersuchungen am ungeborenen Kind z.B. Ultraschall ) Verfahren , Vermeidung von sexuell übertragbaren Krankheiten , Mutterschutz und Wochenbett geht .
Des Weiteren beinhalten meine Dienste , jungen Familien gesetzliche Leistungen von sozialen und wirtschaftlichen Unterstützungsmöglichkeiten für Schwangere aufzuzeigen .
Außerdem beinhaltet meine Betreuung die Nachbetreuung nach Entbindung , Beratung über Elternschaft oder bei Alleinerziehenden .
Hilfe in der Schwangerschaft
Zu meinen Behandlungsmethoden gehören , unter anderem auch das Kinesio – Taping , eine Therapieform , die Muskeln und Sehnen unterstützt .
Durch das Aufkleben breiter Klebebänder ( tapen ) auf Baumwollbasis , werden die entsprechenden Körperstellen , durch die leicht , wellenförmigen Bewegungen der Haut , unter dem Taping , besser durchblutet und somit der Lymphfluss angeregt .
Speziell in der Schwangerschaft wird es zur Unterstützung von Bauch - und Rückenmuskulatur eingesetzt .
Da diese Behandlung medikamentenfrei ist , kann sie völlig unbedenklich , in dieser Zeit eingesetzt werden .
Das Tapen entlastet nicht nur Bauchmuskulatur und Rücken , sondern den gesamten Stützapparat , wie auch die Gelenkstabilisierung .
Es unterstützt die Bänder und hilft , durch Entstauung bei Ödemen .
Bei Rückbildung , Senkungs - und Beckenproblemen , aber auch bei der Narbenbehandlung , nach einem Kaiserschnitt , finden sie Verwendung .
Tapingbänder sind leicht zu befestigen und genauso leicht wieder zu entfernen .
Sie beeinträchtigen die Bewegungen nicht und sind kaum zu spüren .
Durch ihr wasserabweisendes Material , lassen sie sich beispielsweise auch beim Duschen tragen , da sie sich dabei nicht ablösen .
In der Schwangerschaft sind sie eine sehr effektive Methode , um den Bauch anzuheben und damit zu unterstützen , so , dass er damit oft sogar als leichter empfunden wird .
Auch die Haut wird , in diesem Bereich geschont und weist , je nach ihrer Beschaffenheit , weniger bis gar keine Risse auf .
Unterstützung während der Wochenbettphase
Nach der Geburt betreue ich Mutter und Kind .
Dazu gehört der allgemeine Zustand des Neugeborenen .
Sie erhalten Anleitung zu beruhigenden Babymassagen , Nabelpflege und allgemeine Pflegetipps im Umgang mit Ihrem Baby .
Gerne stehe ich Ihnen auch , bei Fragen der Ernährung , bei Hautproblemen oder bei körperlichen und seelischen Verstimmungen der Mutter , zur Seite .
Zur Wochenbettbetreuung gehört auch die Kontrolle der Gebärmutterrückbildung und Wundheilung .
Ich leiste unterstützende Beratung beim Stillen oder bei Brustproblemen und biete Ihnen hilfreiche Anleitungen zur Wochenbettgymnastik .
Beim Beckenbodentraining , erhalten Sie von mir wertvolle Tipps .
Dieses
Training ist besonders wichtig , um nach der Schwangerschaft die gedehnten Muskeln , Bänder und Sehnen , um den Geburtskanal wieder zu kräftigen und die Funktion der Schließmuskel wieder vollständig herzustellen .
Das Säuglingsschwimmen , eine wertvolle Aktivität für Eltern und Kind
Das Säuglingsschwimmen bzw .
Babyschwimmen gerät immer mehr in den Mittelpunkt , zur gesundheitlichen Förderung und dem Wohlbefinden des Kindes .
Dabei spielt nicht nur Spaß eine Rolle .
Das Schwimmen dient auch dem Aufbau der Muskulatur und Förderung der Grobmotorik des Babys .
Das Säuglingsschwimmen fördert nicht nur den frühzeitigen Kontakt zwischen Eltern und Kind , sondern dient gleichzeitig auch der Entspannung und Stressbewältigung im Alltag .
Recently , Jörg S came across a rather interesting trouble ticket :
___ The Apocalypse Must Have Occured ?!
___ Ticket ID : 76831 Created By : Cary L----------
Assigned To : Jörg S-----
Priority : Low Legal wants to make sure that we have some special language in for the 2010 Q1 release , but when I try to add it to ComplianceTraq , I keep getting the same thing : ERROR : Please ensure the system clock is correct .
And if it is ... then God help us all , because the apocalypse must have occurred due to Compliance bugs , and we are still trying to fix them .
Damn you , Compliance !
I know times are tough these days , but does Compliance Traq know something I do n't ?
I did n't miss the apocalypse , right ?!?!
After peeking outside to ensure that it was n't raining fire and brimstone , Jörg felt pretty confident that the apocalypse had n't , in fact , occurred .
Though it did make him wonder if that 's what legal meant by " serious consequences " if they failed to meet compliance requirements .
The message appeared to be coming from ComplianceTraq , one of the older internal web applications that was used for managing all sorts of compliance - related issues for their applications .
It did n't take Jörg all too long to find the message , as only a single file contained the string " apocalypse " .
Else If implementationDate > DateSerial ( 2010 , 01 , 01 ) Then '
This can never happen , since implementationDate cannot ' be more than one year after system date ... and because ' obviously a decade is way more than enough time to fix ' any lingering Compliance problems Response .
Write _ " < B>ERROR</B> :
Please ensure the system clock is correct .
And " & _ " if it is ... then God help us all , because the apocalypse must " & _ " have occurred due to Compliance bugs , and we are still trying " & _ " to fix them .
Damn you , Compliance ! " Response .
End
Clearly , it was an easy fix , but Jörg just could n't help but wonder why the original coder chose 2010 - 01 - 01 as the " sanity " date .
The code appeared to be ancient , but surely any coder would have realized that compliance issues would always be around .
After checking - in his changes , he took a peek at file 's revision history .
# User Checked - in Comments
----------------------------------------------------------------
1 jorgs 1997 -01 - 10 new file 2 jorgs 1997 - 01 - 23 fixed bugs 3 jorgs 1998 - 02-09 added category fields 4 alany 1998 - 11 - 26 expanded title length --- snip --- 11 cyrusm 2000 - 03 - 13 replace " Y2 K " w/ " Compliance " --- snip --- 33 jorgs 2009 - 02-09 fixed apocalypse
And then it dawned on him .
Back when he was an intern , Jörg wrote a simple web application for tracking Y2 K issues and , over the years , it must have transformed into ComplianceTraq .
And obviously , he 's long since learned that " impossible " code runs all too often .
A reader writes :
Since I was a teenager I 've struggled with bipolar disorder .
In the worst craters of depression I 've driven myself to starvation and self - mutilation .
I 've attempted suicide twice .
Traditional therapy never worked because I never gave it a chance .
I 'm an arrogant and defensive son of a bitch , and self - indulgently preferred my private masochism over admitting I needed help .
After one particularly bad incident that landed me in the ER , I was prescribed a standard for - profit mood stabilizer .
After a few days I threw it away .
Cannabis discovered me one evening my senior year of college .
At first I was underwhelmed .
But those weed - lubricated gatherings of wannabe - writers and pseudointellectuals steadily increased in frequency until they were almost nightly .
Somewhere along the line I woke up one morning , and my first thought was not to hope I 'd be involved in a fatal car accident that day .
From then on I was hooked .
Today I 'm a very successful web entrepreneur .
I 've never had a boss .
I have employees on three continents and netted a robust six figures last year .
This year I 'll make more .
Several months ago I got engaged and we bought a five - bedroom house in the inner DC suburbs .
We adopted two abuse - rescue dogs that we 're slowly nursing back to health .
I 'm extremely active in local politics and was an Obama precinct captain during the election .
Once a week I teach a cooking class to kids at our church .
I 'm 25 years old .
And I get high twice a day .
Am I psychologically dependent on pot ?
Probably .
Am I a textbook case of irresponsible self - medication ?
Almost certainly .
But can someone please tell me what the harm is ?
I use a vaporizer and take antioxidant supplements to mitigate ( somewhat ) the cancer risk .
I buy my pot from another nondescript suburban guy who has a small grow closet in his basement .
My drug money does not finance international terrorism .
I smoke alone , with the shades drawn , and never drive under the influence .
I have never taken any other illegal drugs .
I have never broken any other laws .
Marijuana gives me a balance I 've been unable to find anywhere else in life .
It is much , much cheaper than a therapist and prescription antidepressants .
It has allowed me to function normally - in a weak moment I might even say quite admirably - for the past several years , whereas without it I do not doubt for a second I would 've eventually attempted suicide again .
( CNN ) -- Pope Benedict XVI refused Wednesday to soften the Vatican 's ban on condom use as he arrived in Africa for his first visit to the continent as pope .
Cameroonian President Paul Biya , left , walks with Pope Benedict XVI at the airport in Yaounde , Tuesday .
He landed in Cameroon , the first stop on a trip that will also take him to Angola .
Sub -Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region of the world , according to the United Nations and World Health Organization .
There has been fierce debate between those who advocate the use of condoms to help stop the spread of the epidemic and those who oppose it .
The pontiff reiterated the Vatican 's policy on condom use as he flew from Rome to Yaounde , the capital of Cameroon , CNN Vatican analyst John Allen said .
Pope Benedict has always made it clear he intends to uphold the traditional Catholic teaching on artificial contraception -- a " clear moral prohibition " --
Allen said .
But his remarks Tuesday were among the first times he stated the policy explicitly since he became pope nearly four years ago .
He has , however , assembled a panel of scientists and theologians to consider the narrow question of whether to allow condoms for married couples , one of whom has HIV , the virus that causes AIDS .
It is still not clear how the pope will rule on the matter , said Allen , who is also a senior correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter .
The Catholic Church has long been on the front line of HIV care , he said , adding that it is probably the largest private provider of HIV care in the world .
More than 22 million people in sub-Saharan Africa are infected with HIV , according to a 2008 UNAIDS / WHO report .
Nine out of 10 children with HIV in the world live in the region , which has 11.4 million orphans because of AIDS , the report said , and 1.5 million people there died of the disease in 2007 .
All About Pope Benedict XVI • Cameroon • Vatican • HIV and AIDS
Pop quiz for teenagers :
Are you more likely to die from smoking more than 10 cigarettes a day or from being obese ?
According to a new study from the British Medical Journal , it ’s a tie .
Swedish researchers studied health records of 45,920 men drafted by the Swedish army in 1969 - 70 at an average age of 18 years , 8 months .
Then they consulted Sweden ’s national cause of death registry and found that 2,897 had died as of Sept. 1 , 2007 .
It turned out that compared with having a healthy body mass index of 18.5 to 24.9 , being overweight ( BMI of 25 to 29.9 ) increased the risk of death by 35 % , and being obese ( BMI above 30 ) boosted it by a factor of 2.25 .
Compared with nonsmokers , light smokers were 55 % more likely to die and heavy smokers increased their risk of death by a factor of 2.18 .
Not surprisingly , those most likely to die were obese heavy smokers -- their risk was nearly five - fold higher than for nonsmokers of healthy weight .
The researchers , from the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm and Uppsala University Hospital , had expected to find smoking and excess weight ganged up to make both more deadly , but the interaction was n’t statistically significant .
Advertisement
--
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
Climate Depot Exclusive
Washington DC : UK ’s Lord Christopher Monckton , a former science advisor to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , claimed House Democrats have refused to allow him to appear alongside former Vice President Al Gore at high profile global warming hearing on Friday at 10 am .
Monckton told ClimateDepot.com that the Democrats rescinded his scheduled joint appearance at the House Energy and Commerce hearing on Friday .
Monckton said he was informed that he would not be allowed to testify alongside Gore when his plane landed from England Thursday afternoon .
“ The House Democrats ’ do n’t want Gore humiliated , so they slammed the door of the Capitol in my face , ” Monckton told Climate Depot in an exclusive interview .
“ They are cowards . ”
According to Monckton , Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) , Ranking Member on the Energy & Commerce Committee , had invited Lord Monckton to go head to head with Gore and testify at the hearing on Capitol Hill Friday .
But Monckton now says that when his airplane from London landed in the U.S. he was informed that the former Vice - President had “ chickened out ” and there would be no joint appearance .
Gore is scheduled to testify on Friday to the Subcommittee on Energy and the Environment ’s fourth and final day of hearings on the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 .
The hearing will be held in 2123 Rayburn House Office Building .
According to Monckton , House Democrats told the Republican committee staff earlier this week that they would be putting forward an unnamed ‘ celebrity ’ as their star witness Friday at a multi- panel climate hearing examining the House global warming bill .
The ‘ celebrity ’ witness turned out to be Gore .
Monckton said the GOP replied they would respond to the Democrats ‘ celebrity ’ with an unnamed ‘ celebrity ’ of their own .
But Monckton claims that when the Democrats were told who the GOP witness would be , they refused to allow him to testify alongside Gore .
“ The Democrats have a lot to learn about the right of free speech under the US Constitution .
Congress Henry Waxman ’s ( D - CA ) refusal to expose Al Gore ’s sci- fi comedy - horror testimony to proper , independent scrutiny by the House minority reeks of naked fear , ” Monckton said from the airport Thursday evening .
“ Waxman knows there has been no ‘ global warming ’ for at least a decade .
Waxman knows there has been seven and a half years ’ global cooling .
Waxman knows that , in the words of the UK High Court judge who condemned Gore ’s mawkish movie as materially , seriously , serially inaccurate , ‘ the Armageddon scenario that he depicts is not based on any scientific view , ’ ” Monckton explained .
A call to the Democratic office of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeking comment was not immediately returned Thursday night .
Related Links :
35 Inconvenient Truths :
The errors in Al Gore ’s movie
Monckton :
Have the courage to do nothing …US Congress told climate change is not real
Organised piracy syndicates operating in Dubai and other Gulf states are laundering vast sums of money taken in ransom from vessels hijacked off the Horn of Africa .
Investigators hired by the shipping industry have told The Independent that around $ 80 m ( £ 56 m ) has been paid out in the past year alone – far more than has previously been admitted .
But while some of this money has ended up in the pirate havens of Somalia , millions have been laundered through bank accounts in the United Arab Emirates and other parts of the Middle East .
The so - called " godfathers " of the illicit operations , according to investigators , include businessmen from Somalia and the Middle East , as well as other nationalities on the Indian sub - continent .
There have also been reports that some of the money from piracy ransoms has gone to Islamist militants .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The security company Idarat Maritime , which specialises in maritime protection , is working with leading Lloyd 's underwriters to formulate safeguards for shippers .
Christopher Ledger , a former Royal Marine officer and a director of the firm , said : " There is evidence that syndicates based in the Gulf – some in Dubai – play a significant role in the piracy which is taking place off the African coast .
There are huge amounts of money involved and this gives the syndicates access to increasingly sophisticated means of moving money as well as access to modern technology in carrying out the hijackings .
This is an international problem and the shipping companies need to ensure that their crews learn how to deal with it . "
Investigators have discovered that the pirate gangs are exploiting information available to the shipping industry to plan their attacks .
Front organisations are believed to have signed up to the Lloyd 's List ship movement database , and sources such as Jane 's Intelligence , to ascertain protective measures being undertaken by the shippers .
In addition they have bought equipment to monitor radio traffic .
A few well - funded pirate syndicates have experimented with a " stealth " paint such as AR 1 , invented by a German scientist living in the UAE , which is credited with making boats difficult to spot via the long - range radar of cargo liners .
It is not clear whether the use of the paint has been effective in helping hijackings , but its use , say the security companies , shows that the pirates are seeking out advanced technology and have the means to acquire it .
Andrew Mwangura , a piracy expert in the Kenyan port of Mombasa , says the gun-wielding Somalis who are fighting and dying in the hijackings are the just the front men of larger syndicates .
" They are just the small fish .
The big sharks operate out of places like Dubai , Nairobi and Mombasa , " he said .
Mr Mwangura , who has observed the rise of piracy while running the East African Seafarers Assistance Programme , says that what began as a localised response to illegal fishing and dumping of toxic waste in Somali waters has evolved into organised crime .
A former merchant seaman , he has been involved in attempts to negotiate the release of hostages and is sought out by diplomats , shipowners and the pirates themselves .
He says the profits have drawn in " high - ranking figures " from the semi-autonomous Puntland region and members of the now defunct transitional government of Somalia .
" We strongly believe that Mombasa - and UAE - based Somali businessmen are also part of the network . "
Neil Roberts , a senior official with Lloyd 's Market Association , and the secretary of " the war committee " of Lloyd 's and the insurance industry , said : " We are certainly seeing a lot of sophistication in the way piracy has developed .
Attacks are being carried out 400 to 600 miles out at sea .
This shows the pirates have access to pretty detailed information of ship movements .
They certainly have access to the internet and information that is helping them .
The question of UAE connection is certainly talked about in the industry and people have been looking into it . "
There are also concerns that some of the piracy money may have ended up with Islamist militants both in Somalia and abroad .
However this has not been acknowledged because shipping companies would be breaking laws on funding terrorism by paying ransoms .
Stephen Askins , senior partner with the law firm Ince & Co , which specialises in the subject , said : " Current anti-terrorist laws make it illegal to make payment to those who carry out such acts motivated by politics or ideology .
" This does not apply to victims of extortion in criminal cases .
We know the US State Department is looking at upgrading piracy to a possible political act but this will make it very difficult for shipping companies to free the many members of crew who are still being held and the cargo being held as well .
We know people are looking at those who are subsidising the pirates and we will have to see what happens . "
Major General Julian Thompson , the chairman of Idarat and a former commander in the Royal Marines , added : " What we can say is that these people are not just fishermen who have taken up a bit of piracy as a hobby .
The people in ultimate charge of some of the groups have access to some pretty good information and they are well organised .
Dubai seems to be the place which has a part in this . "
Just in time for a certain Irish holiday , a Web site has arrived offering , among other things , Irish - American news and a list of the 10 worst Irish accents on film ( Sean Connery tops it , and along with Julia Roberts , appears twice ) .
The man behind the site , IrishCentral.com , is Niall O’Dowd , the New York - based Irish publisher who puts out the weekly Irish Voice , Irish America magazine and the newspaper Home and Away .
The new site includes genealogy information , top tourist spots in Ireland , breaking news and breaking fluff .
Its target audience is the Irish diaspora , which numbers 36.5 million in the United States , more than eight times the population of Ireland .
“ Like Michael Flatley reinvented Irish dance with ‘ Riverdance , ’ I want to make the Irish experience vibrant on the Internet , in a good sense , ” Mr. O’Dowd said from his office in Midtown , which happens  coincidentally , he insists  to be carpeted in green pile .
The times are hardly auspicious to begin a Web site , what with the economic tailspin that the media  not to mention Ireland  has found itself in .
But Mr. O’Dowd , whose prominence in the Irish - American community was cemented by his role in brokering the Northern Irish peace agreement , said he had managed to cobble together $ 2.4 million in investments from prominent Irish - American businessmen and advertising commitments .
Using Yahoo Pipes to turn XML feeds into JSON APIs
While I 've known of Yahoo Pipes for awhile , I never really thought to use it until now .
Pipes is a neat tool that Yahoo has put together to allow you to mashup feeds , filter feeds and create a completely new feed .
Commonly , I 've seen people take feeds from a number of different sources on a particular subject and combine them into a master feed .
For example , they want a master CakePHP feed but want to grab only posts that actually mention CakePHP .
However , my goal was a little different .
For a little fundraising effort , I decided to use the Chipin service .
The problem is that they only offer a Flash widget .
Flash does n't work everywhere ( like on the iPhone ) .
With no API to be found , I noticed that the widget pulls in an XML file .
Cross domain restrictions prevent me from really doing anything with it unless I want to use server - side code .
( Which you could definitely do and I could stop this article right here … )
Being a JavaScript fiend , I decided to check out Pipes and get that XML feed turned into a JSON object .
Setting up Yahoo Pipes
For Chipin , this process was fairly straightforward .
Within Pipes , grab an object from the left and drag it onto the canvas .
In this case , " Fetch Data " will allow you to grab an XML or JSON document ( which is exactly what we want ! ) .
Plug the Chipin URL in and then link the window to the Pipes Output window .
What 's the Chipin URL , you ask ?
I traced out the call from Flash and it's very straightforward .
When you embed the script , the widget points to :
http://widget.chipin.com/widget/id/a90ee12345b4d634
Take that ID and attach it to the end of the XML call , like so :
http://widget.chipin.com/widgetfeed/id/a90ee12345b4d634
Save the pipe and then click on the Run Pipes link at the top of the page .
You should now see the pipe with a number of links such as Get as RSS and Get as JSON .
Since we 're interested in the JSON , copy the URL from the Get as JSON link .
We 're almost there .
With the JSON URL in hand , add &_callback =myfunction to the end of it .
When embedded as a script tag in your page , it 'll run myfunction and pass the JSON object as its first parameter .
Here 's a quick code example that can determine how much money has been raised from a campaign :
< script > function myfunction( o ) { alert(o.value.items[0].collectedAmount ) ; } </script > < script src= "
http://pipes.yahoo.com/[...]&_render=json&_callback=myfunction " ></ script>
Yahoo Pipes automatically wraps the Chipin result with its own metadata .
As a result , you need to dig down through the object to get at what you need .
With data in hand , modify the DOM to do your dastardly deeds .
You can take a look at the example to see how everything came together .
If you 'd like to see what the example looks like in the final implementation , you may check out my Adoption Fundraising campaign .
While I have n't given Yahoo Pipes much interest up until now , it looks like I have plenty of reason to consider it now .
A Buddhist perspective on the apocalypse by SA Kyle , LA Examiner , March 24 , 2009 Los Angeles , USA -- I was recently asked to contribute to a local examiner 's blog on the Christian teaching of the apocalypse , and to give the Buddhist perspective .
Because it involves Kalachakra and the topic of world peace , I 've posted my responses here for my readers .
The posting was published on Wyatt Shev 's blog .
See below for a link to his site .
What is your religion 's classical interpretation ( if any ) of the Apocalypse ?
As Buddhism is not based on the Bible but instead on Buddhist Sutra , there are no Buddhist teachings of the Christian apocalypse .
However , one Buddhist text , the Kalachakra tantra ( also known as the wheel of time ) , does predict a future war that will end as a golden age begins .
Today Buddhists interpret that texts like this , as well as those that describe cosmology , as figurative rather than literal .
What is notable in the Kalachakra tantra is it ’s instructions on how to prevent war .
For this reason , Kalachakra has become more associated with world peace than doomsday prophecy .
The author of the text , King Manjushri - yashas , advised that war could be avoided entirely by sharing technology .
By sharing the achievements of a culture , a society can turn invading forces from barbarism without resorting to battle .
If they come to see the advantages of living in a more civilized way , and have access to the advantages society gives , they can easier shed violence .
This definitely has relevance today , as higher education and the ability for self improvement have been shown to increase prosperity and lower crime .
Secondly , King Manjushri - yashas called his people to face the terrorism and violence with ethical solidarity .
He reminded them that each religion teaches basic moral principles and called them to return to the pure teachings of their own religions .
Then , he told them to examine their customs and those of the barbarians : if they found them similar , then future generations would be more likely to accept barbarian rule .
In other words , if we use violence to deal with threats , we are n’t different from the ones perpetrating violence .
Instead , we must find peaceful solutions .
Historic commentaries on the Kalachakra emphasize that war must be understood on two levels : as invasions by external forces , and attacks by internal disturbing emotions and attitudes , caused by confusion about reality .
The weapons and forces that King Manjushri - yashas said are needed for victory are symbols of realizations gained from spiritual practice , such as compassion , freedom from delusion , and such .
Some notable differences in the predictions :
Kalachakra states that the war will occur in 2424 , not 2012 .
The 2424 war is not limited to this planet .
It is won with forces from Shambala , who arrive in flying ships and defeat the invading hordes .
A new golden age begins in 2424 , which apparently coincides with the astronomical age of Aquarius .
At this time , everything will be ideally suited for spiritual practice , and those who have been introduced to the Kalachakra spiritual practice will be reborn on the victorious side .
The external cycles of time pass well beyond this golden age , the universe will pass through another four eras , and after some time the cycles will repeat again .
How do you believe this particular interpretation fits into the events that currently shape our world ?
Do you believe we are now living in the End of Days ?
No , I do n’t .
Many people are suffering , but there have always been these problems in the world .
It is a condition of life , called samsara , and is n’t going to change anytime soon .
The fact that there is evil in the world , that there is pain , famine , war and disease does n’t mean that an apocalypse is coming .
It means we are the same as humans have always been .
This is the way things are on Earth .
This does n’t mean we should resign to terrible things when they happen .
The fact that we have been raised in a society that taught us how to think , read , use and invent technology ; that taught us the ideals of charity , the golden rule , ethics , and law , gives us a high responsibility to those less fortunate .
We can empathize with the suffering of others and do what we can to help them .
And if everyone did that instead of envisioning the world in ruin perhaps things would start to seem less apocalyptic .
Or perhaps the apocalypse happens on the individual scale .
You hit the bottom , so to say , and have an awakening that brings
God fully into your life , and makes you a channel of his love and peace .
Do you ( even slightly ) believe in any of the myriad theories suggesting a 2012 apocalyptic event ?
If so , how do they integrate within the dogmatic structure of your faith ?
Absolutely not .
Prophesy , predicting the future , and superstition all fall into the same boat .
If you had some superpower to see the future , any use of it that does n’t include serving your fellow man — truly serving them ( curing disease , giving food and water , bringing peace , kindness and compassion ) and not following some agenda — is a tad self serving , do n’t you think ?
Why not see how to solve the problems , rather than destroy our one beautiful pearl of a planet , and our one sacred and precious life ?
The story of the apocalypse , in my opinion , is clearly intended to give people a sense of urgency in their spiritual practice .
This is usually a good thing – how spiritually advanced would our holy teachers be if they did n’t practice with some sense of urgency ?
But this urgency can be taken too far when one loses sight of spiritual practice and focuses too much on seeing prophesy take place .
In Buddhism , this sense of urgency is paralleled with the teaching of the precious human life .
We have limited time , and an ideal situation for spiritual practice in this lifetime .
Whether the reason is a coming apocalypse or the fact that life is fragile and any of us could die at any moment , the end result is the same : we ’ve got to get our spiritual lives together , now .
There ’s no time to delay .
Residents of an North County community are outraged about what happened to a dog after it was hit by a car .
Lucy , a Weimaraner , was hit by a vehicle near the intersection of Valley Center Road and Chaparral Terrace in Valley Center on March 8 .
Apparently , the driver that hit the dog did n't stop , but several other people did , including a woman who volunteered to drive Lucy to the vet .
Another motorist , though , thought Lucy should be put out of her misery then and there and allegedly took a hammer from his truck and struck Lucy with it .
" He pretty much got vigilante on everbody and decided this animal 's fate and that he was the qualified individual to make that call , " witness Anna Herrera said .
" I do n't know if in his eyes he thought it was doing the best thing for the dog , but no reasonable person decides to take an already injured animal and put it out of it's misery by beating in the head with a hammer .
Nobody does that . "
That , however , was not enough to kill the dog , which was euthanized by a sheriff deputy who shot Lucy after arriving at the scene .
Lucy 's owner , Lisa Francis , was shocked her dog suffered so brutally .
" It was horrific , " Francis said .
Francis described the 2 - year - old dog as her " protector , best friend . "
A makeshift memorial has been set up at the scene for the pet , which Francis said got out when her twins accidentally left a door open .
A San Diego County Animal Services representative said the department is still investigating the incident and will turn over the report to the district attorney 's office Friday .
Prosecutors will then decide whether to file charges of animal abuse .
Since no charges have been filed , the name of the person has not being released .
Here in Hawaii , we are happy .
Rep. Mele Carroll has introduced Aspartame Resolution House Concurrent Resolution 128 .
Mele is Chair of the House Hawaiian Affairs Committee , and she is a member of the House Health Committee ; the Chair and the Vice - Chair of that committee have both cosigned the resolution , along with 19 other representatives .
The possibility of passing this resolution is very good , even with the inevitable onslaught of lying corporate lobbyists from the aspartame corporations , both Ajinomoto and the US users , like Coca Cola , Wrigley 's , Merisant , etc .
As opposed to Resolutions asking the FDA to rescind approval , which are still in the works , the bills to ban this deadly artificial sweetener from the State of Hawaii have been effectively killed by Senator Ige and Representative Yamane declining to schedule hearings for them , but
they are not resting in peace .
The remaining House and Senate resolutions , which ask the FDA to rescind aspartame 's FDA approval , are living hope that a lawful measure will be eventually enacted in Hawaii that will position other communities worldwide to remove this supertoxin from thousands of processed food , " diet " beverages and pharmaceutical products consumed by unsuspecting and already ill victims who have no idea that it will be metabolized as methanol , formaldehyde , and two unessential amino acids which have both become neurotoxic .
We citizens in Hawaii have begun a collection of victim reports that include death contributed to aspartame ingestion .
We have also released a Citizens ' Declared Public Health Crisis / Alert , as a majority of Hawaii 's doctors and the Hawaii Dept. of Health have not yet been trained to even begin to recognize the hidden and misdiagnosed illnesses that are part of the omnipresent Rumsfeld 's Disease Epidemic .
These aspartame victim reports will be presented in due course to the Interim Legislative Health Committees and the Hawaii Dept. of Health ; the Attorney General of Hawaii , and the Attorney General of the United States .
Aspartame 's days are numbered , and the credibility of the manufacturers and the corporations who add it to products are wobbling badly .
The FDA just approved an all natural product - stevia - which will replace aspartame when it falls .
It should be a very simple matter for the manufactures to just switch the ingredients .
However , that will not absolve them of the fiscal and legal responsibilities for their many victims , but that is more a matter forAttorney General Mark Bennett to ponder and discuss with the other AttorneysGeneral on the Mainland .
We are certain that the absence of aspartame will not in any way worsen the present recession , as many serious diseases will cease ; our good doctors will not be put out of much work .
Kudos , honors , and deep appreciation for Representative Mele Carrol , Senator Suzanne Chun-Oakland , and the other alert legislators here in Hawaii who are actively supporting these imperative and long overdue Resolutions , plus a very special thanks to Stephen Fox of Santa Fe , New Mexico and to Dr. Betty Martini of Atlanta , Georgia , Founder of Mission Possible International , who are literally working day and all night to eradicate this insidious substance through education and through appropriate political pressure on the FDA to rescind aspartame 's approval .
The next generation will remember them for saving their brains , as well as the enlightened Hawaii Legislators who recognized the merits of our efforts .
There 's a sucker born every minute , and they 're all buying the " hotelicopter " story , ahem , flying around the blogosphere .
Several websites , including some that should know better , are reporting that a guy named Alvin Farley has spent five years converting the world 's largest helicopter into the world 's first flying hotel .
The modified Soviet Mil V - 12 helicopter is 137 feet long and features 16 cabins and two suites decked out with queen - size beds , heated toilets and whirlpools .
The flying five - star hotel makes its inaugural flight June 26 .
Thing is , the story has a few holes big enough to fly the Hotelicopter through .
First , the Mil V - 12 is a real helicopter , but there 's no way Farley bought one .
The Soviets only built two .
One crashed in 1968 .
The other currently sits in a museum in Moscow .
We have the pictures to prove it .
Second , the interior shots of the Hotelicopter were lifted straight from Yotel , the chain of hotels that offers tiny accommodations at European airports .
We tried to track Farley down , but could n't reach him by phone or e-mail .
That only strengthens our case — you 'd think someone drumming up publicity for a venture like this would make it easy for journalists to get ahold of him .
We suspect the only " updates " the site will send those who sign up for the e-mail alerts will be an " April Fool 's " message on Wednesday .
The only thing funnier than the 38 - second video of the " test flight " is the fact so many people fell for the joke .
UPDATE : 12:30 P.M. Tuesday , March 31 : Since this story was posted , Hotelicopter has posted a press release ( .pdf ) on its web site saying it purchased a Mil V - 12 helicopter prototype in 2004 and " has been engineering the world 's first flying hotel ever since . "
The company states in the press release that " the interior of The Hotelicopter was designed by Yotel , the brainchild of UK entrepreneur Simon Woodroffe . "
The press release includes contact information for spokeswoman Alison McNeill at FutureWorks PR .
We 've left two messages and an e-mail for McNeill and we 've also left a voice message and e-mail for the director of marketing at Yotel .
UPDATE , Wednesday , April 1 : Jo Berrington , director of marketing at Yotel , got back to us via e-mail and said , " Yes we are involved - as a bit of an April Fools spoof - we agreed to take part as our design is actually all about luxury design in small spaces so this is really not outside the realm of possibility for us ! "
* Image : Hotelicopter.com .
Used with permission .
*
Caribou in Canada 's North are showing increasing levels of mercury , a contaminant that has drifted into the Arctic from other parts of the world , researchers have found .
Mercury is one of two contaminants found in northern environments that are of great concern to scientists , said Mary Gamberg , project co-ordinator with federal Northern Contaminants Program in the Yukon .
Gamberg said mercury " seems to be increasing in some [ wildlife ] populations all across the Arctic , " she told CBC News in an interview Monday .
" In marine mammals , in some populations , it 's increasing .
And in caribou , in some populations — and particularly in female caribou — it seems to be increasing , which is really interesting , " she added .
The contaminants program also monitors the amounts of cadmium in the North , but Gamberg said cadmium occurring in wildlife is due to natural sources and levels in animals are currently stable .
Mercury , however , is a major concern not just in the Arctic ecosystem , but also around the world , Gamberg said .
" The mercury is emitted down south , it comes up into the North , it falls out of the air because it 's very cold here , " she said .
" So we get a lot of mercury that is n't originated in the Arctic , but we get it .
So it's in the environment and it's in the wildlife . "
This year marks the 15th year that the Northern Contaminants Program has been annually testing the livers , kidneys and other body parts of caribou , moose and other northern animals .
Gamberg said the program has recently expanded to accept animal samples from the Northwest Territories and Nunavut .
Researchers even received samples from Greenland last year , she added .
The contaminants program was set up in 1991 , in response to northerners ' concerns about eating traditional game animals that have been exposed to toxic substances drifting into the Arctic from industrialized regions elsewhere .
Health Canada recommends that people not eat more than 25 caribou kidneys a year from the Porcupine caribou herd , Gamberg said .
As for current research , Gamberg said scientists are studying why mercury levels in caribou are rising , particularly in female caribou .
Researchers will look at what caribou eat , including lichen , cotton grass and willows , to see where the elevated amounts of mercury are coming from .
This year 's research will focus on the Porcupine caribou herd , Gamberg said .
Researchers hope to study the Bathurst herd in the Northwest Territories next year .
Other studies are ongoing into mercury levels in other northern animals , she added .
Let 's Play Pretend at Toxic Asset Valuations
When elementary school kids want to escape the confines of their circumstances they pretend to be pirates , princesses , and Jedi knights .
Now , with the relaxation of " mark to market " valuation rules announced yesterday by the accounting trade 's self - regulatory body , our bankrupt financial institutions can escape their own reality by pretending to be solvent .
The unraveling of our fairytale economy over the last few months has not yet convinced us that the time has come to put away childish things .
The applause that greeted the news yesterday on Wall Street is a clear sign that we still have some growing up to do .
The imaginative conceit that lies behind the accounting change is that the toxic assets polluting bank balance sheets are not really toxic at all .
They are in fact highly valuable assets that for some irrational reason no one wants to buy .
Using the " mark to market " accounting method , mortgage - backed securities were valued relative to the latest prices fetched by the sale of similar assets on the open market .
Currently , those bonds are being sold at deep discounts to their original value .
By " marking " their unsold bonds down to those prices , the insolvency of our financial institutions had been laid bare .
The new accounting changes will allow the nervous owners to assign more " appropriate " ( i.e. higher ) values .
Problem solved .
It is important to note that the Financial Accounting Standards Board made their rule modifications only after intense pressure had been applied by Washington and Wall Street .
In their heart of hearts , I can't imagine that there are too many bean counters happy with the outcome .
The banks and the government have argued that the assets should be valued based solely on current cash flow .
Most mortgages , after all , are not delinquent .
Therefore , a few bad apples should not spoil the whole cart , and those that are not yet delinquent should be valued at par .
This method assumes we have no ability to look into the future and make assumptions about what is likely to happen , which is presumably what the market is already doing by valuing the assets lower than the banks wish .
All kinds of bonds ( corporate , government and municipal , etc. ) that are not in default frequently trade at discounts .
In fact , the reason that agencies such as Moody 's and Standard and Poor 's rate bonds is to assess the probability of default .
The higher that probability , the lower the value placed on the bonds , regardless of their current cash flow .
For example , GM bonds that mature 10 years from now currently trade for only 8 to 10 cents on the dollar , despite the fact that GM is current on all interest payments .
The 90 % discount reflects investor awareness that GM will likely default long before the bonds mature .
By the new logic , financial institutions with GM bonds on their balance sheets should be able to ignore the market and value these bonds at par .
Some argue that the comparison is invalid because GM 's bonds are liquid while mortgage - backed securities are not .
However , if sellers of GM bonds were holding out for 70 or 80 cents on the dollar , those bonds would be illiquid too .
The reason GM bonds are trading is that sellers are realistic .
The same should apply to bonds backed by mortgages .
To assume that a 30 - year , $ 500,000 mortgage on a house that has declined in value to $ 300,000 has a high probability of remaining current to maturity is ridiculous .
The borrower could lose his job , his ARM might reset higher , or he may simply tire of paying an expensive mortgage for a house that is unlikely to be sold at a profit .
Any bond investor with half a brain will factor in these probabilities and look for deep discounts .
The only way to accurately assess a real present value is to let the market discover the price .
Despite the pleas from bankers and politicians , mortgages are not plagued by a lack of liquidity but a lack of value .
If sellers would be more negotiable , there would be plenty of liquidity .
Who knows , at the right price I might even buy a few .
The problem is that putting a market price on these assets would render most financial institutions insolvent , which is precisely why they do not want to let that happen .
Simply pretending that all these mortgages will be repaid does not solve the underlying problems .
It may keep some banks alive longer , but when they ultimately do fail , the losses will be that much greater .
In the meantime , solvent institutions are deprived of capital as more funds are funneled into insolvent " too big to fail " institutions - hiding their toxic assets behind rosy assumptions and phony marks .
Going from the sublime to the completely ridiculous , in a speech at the just - concluded G20 summit in London , President Obama urged Americans not to let their fears crimp their spending .
It would be unwise , he argued , for Americans to let the fear of job loss , lack of savings , unpaid bills , credit card debt or student loans deter them from making major purchases .
According to the president , " we must spend now as an investment for the future . "
So in this land of imagination ( where subprime mortgages are valued at par ) , instead of saving for the future , we must spend for the future .
I guess Ben Franklin had it wrong too - apparently a penny spent is a penny earned .
For a more in depth analysis of our financial problems and the inherent dangers they pose for the U.S. economy and U.S. dollar denominated investments , read my new book “ Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse . ”
Click here to order a copy today .
For an updated look at his investment strategy order a copy of his just released book ‘ The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets . ”
Click here to order your copy now .
By Peter Schiff
Euro Pacific Capital
http://www.europac.net/
More importantly make sure to protect your wealth and preserve your purchasing power before it 's too late .
Discover the best way to buy gold at www.goldyoucanfold.com , download my free research report on the powerful case for investing in foreign equities available at www.researchreportone.com , and subscribe to my free , on - line investment newsletter at http://www.europac.net/newsletter/newsletter.asp
Peter Schiff Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
A paper first published in the Empirical Software Engineering journal reports : " TDD seems to be applicable in various domains and can significantly reduce the defect density of developed software without significant productivity reduction of the development team . "
The study compared 4 projects , at Microsoft and IBM that used TDD with similar projects that did not use TDD .
The paper was authored by Nachiappan Nagappan ( microsoft ) , E. Michael Maximilien ( IBM ) , Thirumalesh Bhat ( Microsoft ) , and Laurie Williams ( North Carolina State University ) , and published in Volume 13 , Number 3 of the journal Emperical Software Engineering .
It is also available from the Empirical Software Engineering Group Microsoft Research .
The paper includes 1 case study at IBM and 3 from Microsoft .
Each of the case studies compare two teams working on the same product , using the same development languages and technologies , under the same higher - level manager , only one of which was using test - driven development ( TDD ) .
None of the teams knew that they would be part of the study during their development cycles .
The IBM case study followed teams doing device driver development .
The Microsoft cases followed teams working on Windows , MSN , and Visual Studio .
The paper describes the TDD practices used by the teams as minute - to - minute workflows , as well as task - level workflows .
Minute - to - Minute Workflow
Write a small number of new tests
Run the tests and see that they fail
Implement code to satisfy the tests
Re-run the new unit test cases to ensure they now pass
Task - Level Workflow
Integrate new code and tests into the existing code base
Re-run all the test cases to ensure the new code does not break anything
Refactor the implementation and / or test code
Re-run all tests to ensure that the refactored code does not break anything
The pre-release defect density of the four products , measured as defects per thousand lines of code , decreased between 40 % and 90 % relative to the projects that did not use TDD .
The teams ' management reported subjectively a 15 – 35 % increase in initial development time for the teams using TDD , though the teams agreed that this was offset by reduced maintenance costs .
These results can be compared to those found in a paper published in 2006 by Maria Siniaalto .
That paper attempted to review and summarize the results from 13 other studies on test - driven development , including research conducted in industrial , semi-industrial , and academic contexts .
Among the conclusions of the paper , the author wrote :
Based on the findings of the existing studies , it can be concluded that TDD seems to improve software quality , especially when employed in an industrial context .
The findings were not so obvious in the semiindustrial or academic context , but none of those studies reported on decreased quality either .
The productivity effects of TDD were not very obvious , and the results vary regardless of the context of the study .
However , there were indications that TDD does not necessarily decrease the developer productivity or extend the project leadtimes :
In some cases , significant productivity improvements were achieved with TDD while only two out of thirteen studies reported on decreased productivity .
However , in both of those studies the quality was improved .
What are your experiences with TDD ?
Have you seen an increase in quality ?
What effects have you seen on developer productivity , and development time ?
Leave a comment and share your experiences .
Here 's a mean - spirited way to keep teenagers away from your place of business : a pink florescent light designed to make acne look much worse .
Advertisement
British local councils now have this , as well as the famous " mosquito " speaker that produces an annoying high - pitched tone that only young people can hear , at their disposal to give to shopkeepers who hate kids .
It 's all very dickish and over - the - top .
Is it just me , or does Britain seem like a downright fucking horrible place ?
Between bullshit like this , their decent into an Orwellian surveillance state , the terrible food and lousy climate , it 's definitely fallen near the bottom of my list of places I want to go .
Nice work , Britain .
[ Dan Lockton via Boing Boing ]
Hard economic times mean fewer consumers will shell out for expensive solar panels .
Also hard hit are startups that offer no -money - down programs to lease panels or buy their power but ca n’t find banks to partner with .
So , teaming with SunRun — one of the few outfits that still has a healthy line of financing — is a minor coup for Virgance , a company that plans to sign up thousands of new solar users .
I ’ve written about what Virgance does in the past , but the quick version is that they run word - of - mouth campaigns to get hundreds or thousands of people to sign up for solar evaluations of their homes .
Those that are interested in installing panels are then formed into groups , allowing Virgance to use collective bargaining to cut the total price by up to 25 percent — often saving thousands of dollars .
But it still costs many thousands more to buy a solar system up front , even with government rebates .
The recession is n’t the only thing that keeps regular people from adopting solar — it ’s the consistently - high price .
Outside of affluent neighborhoods in San Francisco , about 80 percent of prospective solar customers said they needed financing , according to Steve Newcomb , Virgance ’s chief executive .
“ It ’s that difference between paying about $ 10,000 and just a thousand up front , ” he told me .
From Virgance ’s anecdotal experiences , it sounds like there ’s a huge market of middle class customers who have n’t yet found an attractive enough financing option to seriously consider solar .
In hopes of testing that theory out , the company will have SunRun back up all of its financing with the $ 100 million credit line the latter has from US Bank — enough for over 2,000 full - size systems .
The plan is to use this year to expand the program , run by a Virgance division called One Block Off the Grid ( 1BOG ) , outside of California ( the company ’s multiple other divisions will be represented at its Equinox event in a week ) .
The Bay Area and Los Angeles have had their own successful campaigns , signing up hundreds of customers in each area , and Newcomb claims grassroots demand for 1BOG in places like Denver and New Orleans has been strong .
But there ’s still plenty of work to be done .
Ed Fenster , SunRun ’s chief executive , points to a number of factors that will determine whether rooftop solar can be successful in other states , including the strength of sunlight , power prices and rebate programs .
Also problematic are some state regulations .
Colorado , for example , will need to change laws that prevent a company like SunRun from owning small solar systems .
Unfortunately , that ownership is the basis for the company ’s power purchase agreement model so that the consumer only pays for the power , not the panels .
Fenster says new rules are under consideration in the state .
But ultimately , spreading solar across the country will require the two companies to innovate in a more outlandish area : lobbying politicians .
And that may be the best indication yet that solar has finally entered the mainstream .
Opinion The West's Fatal Overdose
The G - 20 has agreed on plans to fight the global downturn .
But its approach will only lay the foundation for the next , bigger crisis .
Instead of " stability , growth , jobs , " the summit 's real slogan should have been " debt , unemployment , inflation . "
Von Gabor Steingart
Honda has developed new brain - machine interface ( BMI ) technology that allows humans to control the Asimo humanoid robot simply by thinking certain thoughts .
The BMI system , which Honda developed along with Advanced Telecommunications Research Institute International ( ATR ) and Shimadzu Corporation , consists of a sensor - laden helmet that measures the user 's brain activity and a computer that analyzes the thought patterns and relays them as wireless commands to the robot .
( Watch video . )
When the user simply thinks about moving his or her right hand , the pre-programmed Asimo responds several seconds later by raising its right arm .
Likewise , Asimo lifts its left arm when the person thinks about moving their left hand , it begins to walk when the person thinks about moving their legs , and it holds its hand up in front of its mouth when the person thinks about moving their tongue .
The high - precision BMI technology relies on three different types of brain activity measurements .
EEG ( electroencephalography ) sensors measure the slight fluctuations in electrical potential on the scalp that occur when thinking , while NIRS ( near - infrared spectroscopy ) sensors measure changes in cerebral blood flow .
Newly developed information extraction technology is used to process the complex data from these two types of sensors , resulting in a more accurate reading .
The system reportedly has an accuracy rate of more than 90 % .
The use of EEG and NIRS sensors makes the new system more compact than previous BMI systems that rely on bulkier fMRI ( functional magnetic resonance imaging ) technology .
Although the system is small enough to be transported from place to place , the developers plan to further reduce the size .
Honda , which has been conducting BMI research and development with ATR since 2005 , is looking into the possibility of one day using this type of interface technology with artificial intelligence and robotics to create devices that users can operate without having to move .
[ Source : Honda press release ]
Under socialism the means of production come under control of the state .
De jure ownership resides with the government , de facto ownership resides with the public officials who control access .
The reality of economic life under state socialism is one of attenuated property rights , where control rights are in the hands of state officials , but above ground cash flow rights are cut off .
What we saw in operation under such a system is that those who possessed control rights used that position to their best ability to generate cash flow rights which were hidden from official view .
This is one of the reasons why post - communist privatization was more difficult in practice than on paper --- the existing status quo of " ownership " rights was rarely taken into account in the grand designs .
During our current crisis we are not yet moving in a full blown socialist direction as traditionally understood .
Instead , we are moving toward some sort of mixed ownership form , where resources are retained in some private hands , but also the public hand is deep in control .
Such is the fate of our banking industry .
Washington
Post headline today reads : US Clears Path to Bank Takeovers -- Obama 's revised plan for industry aid could result in nationalization .
Listening to CNN this morning , I heard how this is really our only way out of the mess we are in .
Supposedly , those watching are told , the Bush team pursued the " let the market correct the problem " approach and that has resulted in our current mess .
Then we tried to recapitalize the banks and that did n't work .
So here we are .
BTW , during this same stretch of " logical analysis " we also were told that we are in this problem because of government spent too much and had a debt problem , but that the only way to get out of it is to spend even more and go deeper into debt .
The newwoman turned to the camera and said something along the lines of : I know that sounds strange , but it is the truth .
Followed by two talking heads explaining how our relations with China are critical to the success of Obama 's rescue .
We are in trouble but it is a crisis of ideas that is most troubling .
We are marching toward corporatist system as fast as the votes will take us .
Who will say NO to this ?
I know this sounds dramatic , and I do n't know the full story behind the history , but in watching all of this unfold before my eyes these past several months I was reminded of the White Rose student led resistence movement in Nazi Germany .
A group of students from the University of Munich , inspired by an activist theologian and a philosophy professor , took pen to paper and challenged Hitler 's regime , exposed its crimes , and challenged the German people to wake from their fear induced stupor .
Sophie Scholl was one of the leaders of this group and she along with others were executed by beheading in 1943 .
But her words are an indictment of complacency in the face of encroachment on human freedom and human decency .
Sophie Scholl wrote the following about teh damage to the German people caused by fascism : “ The real damage is done by those millions who want to ’ survive . ’
The honest men who just want to be left in peace .
Those who do n’t want their little lives disturbed by anything bigger than themselves .
Those with no sides and no causes .
Those who wo n’t take measure of their own strength , for fear of antagonizing their own weakness .
Those who do n’t like to make waves or enemies .
Those for whom freedom , honour , truth , and principles are only literature .
Those who live small , mate small , die small .
It ’s the reductionist approach to life : if you keep it small , you ’ll keep it under control .
If you do n’t make any noise , the bogeyman wo n’t find you .
But it ’s all an illusion , because they die too , those people who roll up their spirits into tiny little balls so as to be safe .
Safe ?!
From what ?
Life is always on the edge of death ; narrow streets lead to the same place as wide avenues , and a little candle burns itself out just like a flaming torch does .
I choose my own way to burn . ”
Let me be straight , I am NOT saying we are not currently lining people up in our own country for extermination and thus threatening any conception of human decency as the fascist regime in Germany did .
The US is a warfare state and a welfare state , and our economic woes are a consequence of this condition .
Whatever military adventures we are currently engaged in overseas and the damage they are causing the societies outside our borders , we have n't yet brought back the draft to enslave our young -- though Obama 's community service plans is a step in that direction .
The renewed military commitment in Afghanistan was very disturbing to hear from a President that seemingly promised to bring the soliders home .
We have a lot of problems associated with our warfare state that challenge our self - conception as a free and peaceful nation .
Many of these issues are the subject of severe debate .
But there can be little doubt that we are turning over control of our economic life to the state as they did in Nazi Germany in the 1930s , and we must remember that the loss of our economic freedoms does entail an effective loss of political freedoms .
F. A. Hayek 's The Road to Serfdom warned a free people how quickly they can lose their political freedom due to the pursuit even of well intentioned but poorly thought out ideas related to economic policy .
Hayek 's warning was directed at the Western allies , namely the UK and US , and he used Germany and Russia as his examples .
At the time he wrote , intellectuals in the UK and US thought they could avoid the political pitfals of Germany and Russia while benefiting from the presumed ' superiority ' of the economic model of government planning .
Hayek 's classic warning challenged that belief in the workability of democratic socialism .
Perhaps a more timely book to read than even Hayek would be Mises 's Omnipotent Government and in particular the sections on the German economic model of national socialist policy .
Our current policy path seems more along those lines , then outright expropriation of private property by the government .
In the German model , Mises argued , private ownership was nominally maintained and the appearance of normal prices , wages and markets was kept .
But in reality entrepeneurs were replaced by government appointed shop managers and the government dictated how the " capitalist " must use his funds and what wages workers must work for .
Government effectively controlled production and distribution .
" This is , " as Mises put it , " socialism in the outward guise of capitalism .
Some labels of capitalistic market economy are retained but they mean something entirely different from what they mean in a genuine market economy . "
( 1944 , p. 56 )
This may very well be the direction we are heading .
Slippery slopes , unintended consequences , regime uncertainty , etc. , these are the concepts you need to understand in order to make sense of our current economic problems .
Bad economic ideas have produced bad economic policies which in turn has resulted in bad economic consequences .
The " solution " is not to be found in more bad ideas and bad public policies even if promoted by an eloquent and charismatic political leader .
Welcome to ...
RelaxingHammocks.com
Our cool hammock shop is always open for you .
Come in and shop our great hand - picked selection of several brands of high quality handmade products !
Some of our brands are :
Algoma Hammocks
Bliss Hammocks
Byer of Maine
Cacoon
Castaway Hammocks
Green Eggs & Hammocks
Pawleys Island Hammocks
Choose from several styles of hammocks !
Maybe you prefer a traditional rope hammock like the original one dated back to 1889 .
Or perhaps a large , quilted hammock or a woven hammock for to share with your loved ones in your backyard .
If you are a camper , the travel hammock or Brazilian hammock would interest you , as they are very portable for traveling .
Then , there are some that just have to have a Mayan hammock , also known as a Mexican hammock , in the vibrant colors of Mexico !
The family size will hold the whole family , with weight capacities up to 650 pounds !
MEXICO CITY  Mexico ’s former president , Carlos Salinas , used to promise that free trade and foreign investment would jump - start this country ’s development , empowering a richer and more prosperous Mexico “ to export goods , not people . ”
Fifteen years after the North American Free Trade Agreement took effect , only the first part of that promise has been realized .
Mexico ’s exports have exploded under Nafta , quintupling to $ 292 billion last year , but Mexico is still exporting people too , almost half a million each year , seeking opportunities in the United States that they do not have at home .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton will arrive in Mexico on Wednesday and President Obama will visit next month .
Both are expected to emphasize the successes of American - Mexican economic cooperation , but it will be hard to ignore how much in Mexico has not changed under Nafta .
From splike.com
If you 're switching from Django syntax templates to using Jinja2 templates within Django , you 'll need to know more than the docs say about it .
Syntax changes
Django Jinja2 some_array|join : " , " some_array|join ( " , " ) { % ifequal a b %} ... { % endifequal %} { % if a == b %} ... { % endif %} { % comment %} ... { % endcomment %} {# ... #}
( plus it can surround other { % %} tags ) { % url project.views.show_something foo " bar " 12 %} {{ " project.views.show_something " |url ( foo , " bar " , 12 ) }
( need 'url ' filter from http://www.djangosnippets.org/snippets/1062/) foo.items
( django would automatically invoke functions ) foo.items ( )
( else you 'll get ' builtin_function_or_method ' object is not iterable
Settings
Django has autoescape on by default , but Jinj a2 has it off by default .
To turn it on , add autoescape= True to your Environment ( ) constructor
The way django marks forms and other " standard " html generating entities as " safe " from auto - escaping is not picked up by Jinja2 , so you 'll have to use the |safe filter on it explicitly .
Filters
Jinj a2 comes with many filters .
You can re-use django filters in jinja2 .
For example , you could add these to your Jinj a2 filter list :
' django.template.defaultfilters.linebreaks ' , ' django.template.defaultfilters.linebreaksbr ' ,
http://www.djangosnippets.org/snippets/1062/ has some nice filters .
http://www.djangosnippets.org/snippets/1371/ has a few more .
Setup
Take a look at http://www.djangosnippets.org/snippets/1061/
and perhaps the context chaining from http://bitbucket.org/mitsuhiko/jinja2-main/src/c07588cf115f/ext/djangojinja2.py to reuse some of your existing Django settings , etc .
Playing " nice " together
You can make a template that works in both Jinja2 and Django ( for example if you have a master .
html that is extended by both Jinja2 and Django ) .
First , you have to limite your conditionals to { % if SOME_BOOLEAN %} .
No comparisons , equality checks , etc .
So you may have to make lots of context globals .
If you want to have some code that only renders in Jinja2 and Django skips it , you can do this :
< span style = " display : none " >{# </ span > { % comment %}
This is an ugly way to get the contained content to only run when processed by jinja2 and not by django #}</ span > { % some. method ( ' call ' ) %} {# or other jinja2 - specific tags and filters #} < span > {# < span > {%endcomment%} < span style =" display : none " >#}</ span >
Kicking Django templates out of 404/500 pages and 3rd- party apps
Her , I like .
You ... I will kill and eat .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Writing in The Atlantic this Wednesday , James Fallows called Tuesday night 's first presidential debate a " disgusting night for Democracy " -- and he laid a good portion of the blame at moderator Chris Wallace 's feet .
" It became obvious five minutes in that Donald Trump ’s strategy was to interrupt , yell , insult , and disrupt as often as he could , " Fallows writes .
" This is a strategy that can work only if no one gets in the way of it , and Chris Wallace just let it go on . "
Fallows acknowledges that Trump is a hard person to reign in , but adds that Wallace should have adapted , but did n't .
Wallace did not enforce the rules , and the result was the same as it would be in a brawl or an unrefereed sporting match , according to Fallows -- who did n't completely absolve Biden , saying he was taking Trump 's bait half the time .
“ Crack A Bottle ” is a hot new rap song by Eminem , Dr. Dre and 50 Cent .
The single broke the digital sales record on February 12,2009 with a record of 418,000 downloads which beat out the previous record holder , T.I. featuring Rihanna for the song “ Live Your Life ” .
This song made a huge leap on the Billboard Hot 100 charts from like # 78 to # 1 on February 21,2009 .
This is Eminem ’s second number 1 U.S. song and his first since way back in 2002 .
It ’s been a long time coming especially since that poor album “ Encore ” .
I thought it was just dialed in , but heck he ’s redeemed himself with this song alone .
His verse on the track is real tight or great if you do n’t know the lingo .
Any ways you can listen to the single below , and be for warned that it does have EXPLICIT LYRICS .
Listen below .
Artist : Eminem ft. Dr. Dre & 50 Cent
Song : Crack A Bottle
Album : Relapse
Release Date : May 19,2009
Label : Aftermath , Interscope , Shady Records
READER COMMENTS ON
" New Version of Holt 's Election Reform Bill Would Institutionalize Touch - Screen Voting , Secret Software "
( 30 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... NYCartist said on 2/20/2009 @ 1:44 pm PT ...
So , what 's a disabled voter to do ?
( I am on a permanent list of Absentee Ballots for Homebound Disabled , which takes care of the problems : will I be well enough to go vote on Election Day , and will my polling place be wheelchair accessible ? )
Believe it or not : when NYC was playing around with what to do for disabled voters , I was asked if I wanted to vote by telephone , in a survey .
I said , " NO ! " .
I recall that in the last election , there was one polling site per borough , that was machine / disabled friendly , but no transportation was available directly from your home to the polling site .
( I suppose , people who use the dreadful Access A Ride vans could call days in advance for van that 's a small bus , but they have had a record of over 10 % noshow ... )
There needs to be a way for disabled people : wheelchair users , blind , others to vote privately and have our votes be counted .
I do want to point out that many places do not provide wheelchair accessible polling sites , even though required by law .
On absentee ballots : there 's no universal rules , such as size of ballot , free postage for the return of the ballot .
It 's a mess .
Why does Congressmember Holt resist good information for all these years ?
Why does the Democratic Party deny theft of votes ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 2/20/2009 @ 3:00 pm PT ...
Go ahead Holt you jackass prick !
Attempt again to screw the whole country .
Since I can't contact you cause your a fucking elitist prick hiding behind your district .
I can only contact my FRIENDS in NJ and tell them to write your ass .
One day your stupid ass bills will be outlawed .
And one day you wo n't be an official , you 'll be a piece of shit just like me .
Maybe you 'll take a basic digital logic electronics class and realize the piece of crap you are .
You idiot !
History will show your leadership is n't leadership but FASCISM !
And dear Disabled Voters .
How did you vote before electronics existed ?
Nuff said .
Quit your bitching and destroying the non-disabled country 's vote !
We do n't need your unvalidatable signals !
Provide a method that does n't allow everyone vote to be exploited because no oversight can be provided or shut the hell up !
The damage from the abusive use of electronics is too much .
It 's not that I do n't want you to vote , it 's that I do n't want your technology being exploited .
There is no electronic tabulation device that can not be exploited .
So if you want to print your shit with a computer fine .
But ONLY you .
Not US too !
GOD DAMN IT !
BURN THIS BILL INTO THE FOUR WINDS WHERE IT BELONGS !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Mark A. Adams JD / MBA said on 2/20/2009 @ 3:04 pm PT ...
So , Holt is still for secret vote counting and giving simple tabulation programs a higher level of protection than that which is afforded real trade secrets .
Why did the fools in NJ re-elect this clown ?
Oh , that 's right .
The votes were counted in secret .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 2/20/2009 @ 3:08 pm PT ...
MARK , EXACTLY !
The same crap in California ( I forget the link now ) where we voted FOR more electronic voting machines ON ELECTRONIC VOTING MACHINES .
That shit should be revoked !
Still out of all this time there 's no 100 % compare of a live election to 100 % paper ballots .
THERE NEVER WILL BE , AND IT REALLY PISSES ME OFF .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 2/20/2009 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
... NYCartist asked ...
" So , what 's a disabled voter to do ? "
Well , that 's the problem in a nutshell .
As someone who was blinded by diabetic retinopathy I find myself , like you , caught in the crossfire between election integrity and the right of the disabled to vote and to vote privately and to vote independently ... and there is still no meeting ground between disability and those rights .
and then Electronic Voting Machines really screwed the situation up for the disabled .
That was because the disabled , especially the blind , were used by unscrupulous EVM vendors and equally unscrupulous political strategists to add pressure to the efforts to railroad unknowing politicians and activists into adopting e-voting .
The disabled were waved as a bloody shirt under the pretense that EVM 's conferred upon disabled voters that ability to vote privately and independently ... and EVM 's did no such thing .
By the laws of physics they can't .
If your particular circumstances required you to trust someone to help you cast your vote before EVM's , then with EVM's you are still trusting someone with your vote even if you 're alone in the voting booth ... you 're trusting whoever built the machine , whoever wrote the code that 's supposed to be on the machine , whoever wrote the code that 's actually running on the machine the instant you cast your ballot , whoever wrote the code that 's running on the machine after you cast your ballot , whoever wrote the code that 's running at any given instance on the central tabulators ... and it does n't begin or end there .
And Electronic Ballot Marking Devices have the same vulnerabilities as EVM's .
That 's what set Phil off on his rant ... not the struggle of the disabled to vote , but the fact that the disabled were used as an excuse to ram the insanity of EVM 's down everyones throats .
And , sadly , an understandably irate Phil screwed up thusly : " Quit your bitching and destroying the non-disabled country 's vote ! "
Phil , chill
... because as sure as hell
Holt et al will use responses such as yours to privately brand all election integrity activists as somehow being " anti-disabled " even though that was not your intent .
You are basically taking out your anger on people who are even more of a victim of the situation than you are ... they were promised the impossible , they were promised that electronics would give them the ability to vote privately and independently .
It 's not their fault .
I think an apology is in order .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Voter said on 2/20/2009 @ 5:42 pm PT ...
Go ahead everyone , keep on attacking one of the best friends of fair elections in Congress .
Keep on calling Rep. Holt " clown " , " idiot " , " jackass " , " piece of shit " , and " fucking elitist prick . "
Let him have it .
Again .
Diebold , ES&S , Hart , and Sequoia are loving this .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 2/20/2009 @ 5:44 pm PT ...
Okay .
Rep .
Holt is a " clown " , " idiot " , " jackass " , " piece of shit " , and " fucking elitist prick " for persisting in trying to disenfranchise us all .
Happy ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Voter said on 2/20/2009 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
I 'm already voting on a paperless DRE and so am probably already disenfranchised .
Might have been different if we had more support and less name - calling in 2007 - early 2007 .
But some people just like to post obscenities and call names .
Oh well .
As I said Diebold , ES&S , Hart , and Sequoia are loving this .
I bet they 're just passing the popcorn and having a ball .
Thanks , all .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 2/20/2009 @ 6:27 pm PT ...
Clearly , Voter , Rush Holt is no such thing as one of the best friends of fair elections in Congress .
He refused to be educated into making his first attempt into a worthy document , and we were lucky it did n't pass into law .
Now he 's trying to do it again , with " improvements " that do n't get rid of THE problem .
There 's no possibility he still does not understand this , and almost no possibility left that he 's acting in good faith , on any level .
So it might well do a lot more good than harm to yell our bloody heads off about it ... yell and swear so loudly the fucker will have to slink back into the hole he crawled out of to be this kind of advocate for electronic voting machines .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Voter said on 2/20/2009 @ 7:26 pm PT ...
Here 's the current Hate Holt score card : clown
idiot
jackass
piece of shit
fucking elitist prick Adding " fucker " Diebold & ES&S , you gettin ' this ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 2/20/2009 @ 8:59 pm PT ...
Voter ( but which voter ?
there are so many ... ) , is this a great oppo research opportunity or what ?
But rants in blog comments , however laced with profanity some might be , rants were n't what derailed Holt 's last effort ( s ) ... it was the cogent analysis in blog comments that kept pointing out that the bill had been fatally compromised by EVM interests .
And then on the political level .. instead of addressing the core flaws in the bill straight up
Holt kept trying to fix just enough to blunt the worst of the complaints while continually compromising on behalf of EVM interests at the same time .
As the bill kept mutating it drifted into a downward spiral of two steps back for every step forward .
And then Holt tried playing certain election integrity factions off against each other which gave him a temporary boost in sheer noise level ... and doomed his bill when the EI factions realized what " Mr. Election Integrity " had been up to .
I will analyze his latest on its own merits but I am curious as to what he thought he learned last time ' round ...
Given his known history of trying to game EI advocates it would seem to be a relevant question .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Voter said on 2/20/2009 @ 11:53 pm PT ...
Gee Zapkitty , you flatter yourself .
I hate to burst your bubble , but the blog noise on HR 811 was so far off the Capitol Hill radar , it was laughable to see some of these advocates priding themselves that they " killed the bill . "
No , the major damage was done elsewhere , but if the Election Integrity community had stuck together , or at least not called out the circular firing squad on each other , it might have helped .
But no , more fun to wail to the blogosphere and call people vulgar names rather than really do something that will improve our elections , I guess .
I agree with you that the EI community was AND IS being gamed big time , but it has never been and is not now being gamed by Congressman Holt .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 2/21/2009 @ 1:25 am PT ...
Voter @ 12
You appear to be gaming something .
This thread .
If you are going to keep up with your preposterous assertions , might I suggest you go back to the posts here about the first attempt and get a little better idea of what was done or not done by certain bloggers and the people commenting ?
As for Zap , you are flattering yourself .
If certain bloggers and people in their communities had not started screaming , that bill would very likely have gone through .
There was a lot of support from people who should not have been supporting it , and what you call a " circular firing squad " was people who knew the bill to be crap fighting those who did n't choose to look at it that way ... for the usual " better than nothing " kind of reasons , when it was NOT better than nothing .
It was actually worse in that it would make it seem as though something was improved .
And not good enough is not good at all in this matter .
And I do n't know how you can make the assertion that Holt is innocent of what you call gaming the EI Community .
Once again , he is no longer ignorant of the imperatives of election integrity and yet he 's come up with this .
To use your non-vulgar term , he 's certainly gaming the EI community , and all the voters in this country .
Despite your hot air about caring for election integrity , I doubt you 'd post a few of these choice little attempts to derail straight talk , so , if you plan on keeping it up , you should read our RULES FOR COMMENTING AT BRAD BLOG , and steer clear of purposely framing things askew and disinformation .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/21/2009 @ 6:38 am PT ...
Oh yeah , lets once again spend billions more for secrete software !
This is America , where we have billions of next to worthless dollars to burn , while a two dollar box of pencils sits waiting for those who care enough to exert their own energy to simply mark a paper ballot and possibly come back to watch those ballots being hand counted are all but ignored to the great glee of an industry who stands to make more excessive profits from ignorance and keep their guys in our government assuring their control over our government .
All in the name of serving the disabled !
ONLY IN A DUMBED DOWN OVER WORKED COUNTRY CAN CRAP LIKE THIS PASS FOR INTELLIGENCE !
Furthermore Voter , I myself defended holt on his effort to create a reform bill , but that was before I watched him time and again skirt the meat of the problem of electronic voting systems .
I have now lost my respect after watching his sly wording time and again .
I have worked with disabled folks and want to see a secure voting system created for them , but propreitary software will NEVER ensure clean elections or VOTER CONFIDENCE .
.
.
.
!
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/21/2009 @ 7:18 am PT ...
Put it this way , for as often as EVM's are used , they 're outdated by the next time you use them .
The cost of bug - fixing / updating them for every election costs too fucking much money , period .
Show everyone the actual cost of using these pieces of shit and they will go away .
Prohibitive cost is the answer to the end of them , everything else is just not getting through to the public .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/21/2009 @ 7:32 am PT ...
Excuse me , that should have been two dollar box of pens and proprietary in the last sentence .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... NateTG said on 2/21/2009 @ 7:33 am PT ...
In principle , BMDs with proprietary software can be just fine as long as they produce an independentaly human readable ballot .
By that , I mean a ballot which lists the race and the person , rather than a sheet of paper with random dots which requires additional information to determine voter intent .
Imagine , for example , that a local ballot is published as a PDF on a web site , and then each voter marks it up on a computer , prints it out , and hands the printout to the precinct counting site .
There 's a whole slew of uncontrolled software involved in this process - from the operating system to the printer drivers , but I 'd still be reasonably confident that my vote could be accurately counted , and provided the ballot was independently readable , my intent was clear .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 2/21/2009 @ 8:07 am PT ...
I 'd love to see some data from a county that switched from hand - marked , hand - counted paper ballots to electronics , over the years , on how much the county spent per voter per election in the transition years and on to the present .
Americans for the most part may not give two hoots for integrity and democracy and so on , but they sure as hell still give a shit about money !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Jim Cirile said on 2/21/2009 @ 11:08 am PT ...
What is WRONG with Rep. Holt ?
It 's REALLY simple : voter - verified publicly hand - counted paper ballots .
Period .
Full stop .
End .
Of. Story .
Jeeeeezzz !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/21/2009 @ 12:17 pm PT ...
" NateTG " @ 17 said :
In principle , BMDs with proprietary software can be just fine as long as they produce an independentaly human readable ballot ...
...
... I 'd still be reasonably confident that my vote could be accurately counted
The problem here , among many , " NateTG " , is that why you might be " reasonably confident that [ your ] vote could be accurately counted " , there is no reason for * me * to believe that your vote * was * accurately counted .
There is not even reason for me to believe that your vote was accurately recorded as per your intent .
I have no way of knowing that you bothered to even look at your print out , much less that you noticed whether votes were flipped on it or not ( see the graf in the original article above , concerning the Caltech / MIT and Rice University studies ) .
Why should I have to believe in faith - based voting ?
We 've got that now .
So , um , no thanks .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/21/2009 @ 12:37 pm PT ...
" Voter " - Where to start with your comments ?
As to whether or not the blog community had any effect on the last bill , I 'd suggest that the new version of the bill offers evidence , of course , that they did .
We were told ( time and again , for months ) that it was impossible to ban DREs last time , but lo and behold , this time , the bill calls for them to be banned .
Was that something that someone on Capitol Hill ( lobbyists , other legislators ) were calling for last time ?
Or did that come from the EI / blogging community ?
Of course , had we all supported the bill last time , you might have been voting on DREs with " paper trails " now , with no chance of seeing paper ballots ever .
So even if the new version passes , as problematic as it is , you 'll be far better off than you would have been , had the '07 version passed .
You 're welcome .
As to those crowing about having " killed the bill " last time , as you charge , well , I can't speak to them , as we 've done no such crowing , nor were we happy that Holt decided to kill his own bill , through dishonest and manipulative lobbying tacticts , rather than find agreements with the EI / Blogging community so that we could have all marched in lock step to support the bill .
Finally , as to Mr. Holt being a wonderful man , or however else you 've created his hagiography here .
I have no idea what sort of person he is , as I do n't know him on a personal level .
I do know , however , that both Holt and his lieutenants repeatedly misrepresented ( and yes , often out and out lied ) about the contents of the previous bill .
He told me personally that the last bill would have banned DREs ( which he knows it would n't have , given the fact that he 's changed it to do so this time ) .
He also told others that it would have required a paper ballot for all ( which he knows it would n't have , given the fact that he 's changed it do so this time ) .
And this time , he 's already off to a bad start by doing the same thing as last time : mispresenting the contents of his own bill .
That , even despite my private attempt to encourage him to NOT do so .
As you 'll note in the quoted response from him in the original article , he claims that the bill " requires a voter - marked paper ballot for every vote cast " .
I had hoped to give them a chance to restate that point , since it is patently untrue , as evidenced by the very first page of the very first section of his very own bill .
Whether he's the " best friend of EI on Capitol Hill " ( or however you phrased it ) , I 'll not state a position .
And yes , I agree that it 's not useful for commenters here to call him names , and so forth .
But whether or not he is well - intentioned , makes little difference .
What is rather appalling here --- both then and now --- is for him to continually misrepresent what his bill does and does n't do , in hopes of manipulating / tricking folks into supporting it .
I support his efforts in hoping to reform our dreadful electoral system .
I do not support his being disingenuous about what the bill does and does n't do , nor about what is required to see it passed into law .
When he , or his staffers , do not tell the truth , they need to be held accountable , and the truth needs to be told .
That 's what I did last time , that 's what I will do again this time .
Period .
I realize that there is no such thing as perfect legislation .
That 's not the question .
The question is what does the bill do and not do .
My job is to make that clear .
Particularly since Holt and his office seem to consistently have a problem doing so themselves .
That 's a pity , as his NJ constituents deserve better , as do EI advocates , as does everyone in America , since it's his bill that will likely move forward in the U.S.
House towards becoming law .
I 'm sorry you do n't feel the need to stand up and demand someone like him be transparent , straight - forward , and honest about the contents of such a bill , of such crucial import to both you , and the entire nation .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 2/22/2009 @ 12:37 am PT ...
Been away , and clearly as Zapkitty so well said , and so well understands .
I owe NYCartist and other disabled an apology .
Late to getting that apology out cause I frankly have been curled up in pain and AFK ( away from the keys . )
( yeah that neck pain still , now it feels like my brain stem cracks , and pain shooting up side of head , causes blurred vision , headaches , delirium , ear pressure and extreme anger to all who deal with me and no I still do n't have a doctor or any health care for going on 23 years now .
I am thinking I might know what Old yeller ( that 's me ) is gonna get in the end here , just ai n't time yet . )
BEGIN APOLOGY
To all Disabled .
I am Sorry .
It 's unfortunate , I get so angry from seeing this whole nonsense with these electronic vote tabulation devices going and trampling everyone 's right to vote , I get in a hurry trying to cram down my thoughts , using brevity , using spell checking , code sometimes , being human I make mistakes .
There are so many word games being played on both sides , technical terms being used , all this costly complexity has been added onto something that children in a classroom could figure out how to do honestly with paper and pencils .
In a way , I sympathize with the idea of allowing the disabled to use something that can help print a ballot out , but not at the cost of forcing the same thing to be used for everyone else , and especially stepping it all up a notch , in where the final tabulation result is electronically compiled .
The danger of these machines now being realized should be so great that a voter really MUST HAVE A NEED TO BE ALLOWED .
Furthermore the end result of the process MUST be treated the same as non ballot marking devices .
The end result being as per the Creekside Declaration .
( which I do n't think I got a chance to sign !!!)
No matter what the topic , if it involves these machines .... I feel like a broken record player , repeating over and over and over about electronic vote tabulation devices .
While simultaneously watching more and more egregious exploitations in the system , against voters , against pollwatchers , against anyone who dare raise this issue .
For me it 's LOGIC .
For the evil it 's LOGISTICS and CHRONOLOGY ( Timing as a weapon . )
And worse yet , the results of bad people turned into officials who then go on and abuse just about every topic I can now comprehend .
Every office , ever agency , every thing .
Zapkitty ( Who I have A LOT of respect and love for ) has a really tight grasp on how I feel about this specific issue in regards to the disabled .
I knew ( internally in the back of my mind actually ) the moment I typed the word " non-disabled " something was wrong with that sentence .
I was in a hurry , and trying to be brief .
That 's why your all here to straighten my ass out .
END OF APOLOGY .
BEGIN RANT
I am literally at the point now , where I dread voting .
I do n't even WANT to go , because I know those god damn machines are there .
Last time I voted I came very close to being arrested .
If I would have turned my camera on , I would have been toast .
The complexity with dealing with the Secretary of State and all this shit is too much .
I should just give the fuck up .
The criminals have obviously won .
They deny electronic vote tabulation devices caused the problems , but I SAY THEY ..
They destroyed the constitution .
They destroyed the economy .
They control the media .
They control government .
They control justice .
They control military .
WHAT SAY YOU ?
If you really want to vote , it 's time you come up with how to do it .
If your disabled , how you going to do it so it do n't screw the whole country up ?
I told you what I know from the electronics point of view .
No electronics can be trusted or validated .
Forget the manufacturer .
Forget the software .
All are exploitable .
My one second dare .
DARE YOU MANUFACTURES .
( watch now they will mount their crap all surface mount and close to a rubber against steel so the board will flex instead of crack . ) fine .. gimme one tool , a screwdriver .
Pop the cover .
ONE SECOND .
Yes I plan to destroy something in one second .
I know any IC is a target .
Or Yank wires to the power supply .
My point is electronics can not be trusted .
From the doping level , to firmware , to who services it , to just plain parts burn UP !
Zero trust .
Yet we currently have 100 % trust .
Someone else take up the torch .
I had it with this war .
I am miserable every day of my life now .
I have resentments .
Hatred .
I scream and yell , and cuss every day .
Everything and everyone I know is now affected by it .
All to no avail .
I can use California as an example .
We had the top to bottom review .
I remember the next election or one prior ( I forget now ) had paper ballots DROPPED in the AUX slot .
( were they counted optic scan later I do n't know )
Next election , machines back again , this time it's in the optical scan slot .
I refused to put mine in .
I made them get the fucking key and open the AUX slot for ME .
Now did that go to an op scan later ?
I dunno .
I am fucking sick of it .
SICK OF IT .
Go the fuck ahead elect the same motherfuckers .
Drive this country over a cliff .
Because I do n't make a profit .
I am not a Journalist , or a " Qualified Tech . "
So my voice is shit .
Just like the piece of shit I have become .
I say again Holt ..
One day you will be a piece of shit just like me .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Lev said on 2/22/2009 @ 11:33 am PT ...
I like the Brad Blog but I do tend to think that the people here get too wrapped up in the minutia of vote - rigging and far too often ignore the much larger issue that would keep the U.S. a non-democratic country even if we all had paper ballots and international election monitors :
That issue is that there is NOBODY TO VOTE FOR regardless of whether or not it is counted .
This latest election is a sterling example of that fact .
Daily Obama is showing that it did n't matter who we voted for because we would have ended up with a neo -con as president either way .
Here 's how it works in America :
The ruling establishment ( the Council on Foreign Relations , the Trilateral Commission and the Bilderberg Group ) preserve the status quo by backing candidates from both ( increasingly similar ) parties .
Everyone who is a major candidate for president from either party is wholly owned by these " powers that be " and anyone who presents a GENUINE alternative , anyone who offers REAL change is quickly marginalized by the corporate - owned media as a loony .
A perfect example is Dennis Kucinich .
They know he is n't one of them so what question does he get asked at the phony " debate " ?
Some nonsense question about UFOs .
So no matter how he answers he gets associated with UFOs .
See how they operate ?
Since they control all the major candidates it does n't matter in the slightest either who we vote for or if our votes are counted .
We end up with a neo - con establishmentarian piece of shit either way .
So either way nothing changes and either way we lose and the C.F.R. - Trilateral - Bilderberg puppetmasters win .
What 's truly amazing though is that the vast majority of the American people is so brain dead as to actually think that they have a chance to change anything by voting for one of the two establishment - approved candidates .
The secret to maintaining the status quo is not either having " their guy " win NOR is it " who counts the votes " that matters .
The secret is CONTROLLING WHAT CHOICES ARE AVAILABLE in the first place .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 2/22/2009 @ 1:34 pm PT ...
I do n't get it .
What is Holt doing ?
He 's clearly not stupid and yet keeps writing stupid bills .
He should have a conference with Brad .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 2/23/2009 @ 1:41 pm PT ...
Controlling what choices are available , is the same as chronology as a weapon .
- IMHO
But it is n't the only problem .
Electronics are too .
Electronics are FAST .
Courts are SLOW .
Add in a few pieces of crap ( officials ) , and you have a situation where we are delayed long enough for the corrupt to keep power .
De fund the courts and officials ?
Arm the citizens and allow them to carry arms to non-violently uphold the law ?
Smash the machines ?
I do n't know what the answer is .
But I am sick of it .
Really sick of it .
A handfull of people are fighting --- in the big picture .
Good people .
But only a handfull .
We may be outnumbered by corruption at this point .
the good news is they are getting everything they want .
Maybe we should give them more than they can handle .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Lev said on 2/23/2009 @ 4:00 pm PT ...
One thing that has to be done is to take money completely out of politics .
There should be NO privately funded campaigns .
I say give each candidate from a Kucinich to an Obama to a McCain the same ( small ) amount of funding , cut the length of the election campaigns from two years to about two months , and let them be free to spend their public financing any way they see fit .
Maybe this way the public would get to decide based on someone 's actual message rather than whether or not they see that person 's t.v. ads hammered into their brain 20 times a day .
Without private financing of campaigns the C.F.R. - Trilateral - Bilderberg scum would n't be able to buy candidates .
There also needs to be a recall or " no confidence " mechanism like in parliamentary democracies , where if those in power become obviously destructive to the people 's needs then a vote of no confidence can be held and a snap election to decide who gets to form a new government .
And end lobbying as a profession .
If special interests want to twist the arm of a legislator then let them present their case before the whole Congress instead of behind closed doors with bribes .
Until these ( and more ) things happen this country will never be a genuine democracy and will instead constantly be ruled by a government that is in bed with the big business bourgeoisie , representing THEIR interests instead of the working people , with " elections " being nothing more than what they are now , masturbatory dog and pony shows which amount to just jockeying for position by two exceedingly similar factions of the ruling class who are ultimately playing for the same team .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... TwoDays said on 2/23/2009 @ 10:57 pm PT ...
[ed note : Really lame comment by banned commenter deleted . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... TwoDays said on 2/24/2009 @ 2:05 pm PT ...
[ed note : Socrates , I really hope you manage to make people like me and Big Dan famous with your stupid slurs , but I had to delete this , and your last " brilliant " contribution , which I really did think sounded too much like you to be accidental , because you are banned here for repeatedly breaking the rules . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... gmkuhn said on 2/24/2009 @ 8:19 pm PT ...
Some in Mr. Holt 's district pride themselves on having " a rocket scientist " for a congressman , as Mr. Holt was a manager at Princeton Plasma Physics lab .
I have been disappointed in his responses to my letters and emails .
He seems not to want to understand or state that some situations are as bad as they really are .
He somehow got caught in traffic when NJ county election officials were waiting to criticize his HR 811 bill last year ...
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... NateTG said on 2/24/2009 @ 10:25 pm PT ...
One of the biggest “ human ” questions is “ where did we come from ? ” .
While the mechanisms of evolution are well established , the route humanity took to get to its present state is not as well detemined .
It ’s the difference between knowing the rules of chess and being able to figure out the personality and play style of a grandmaster from a few snapshots of a very long game in progress .
One proposed mechanism for the evolution of humans from primates is neoteny , where juvenile traits are retained and adult adaptations lost .
This has been observed in foxes subject to behavioural selection .
For instance , look at this young chimpanzee .
This picture is from a 1926 study by the German anthropologist Adolf Naef .
He describes it as “ the the most human - like picture of an animal , of any that is known to me . ”
The little guy does seem to have a rather regal and refined air about him , but we ca n’t just wave our hands and call it case closed at this point .
Can we look at the development of a chimpanzee and see if there are any quantifiable parallels ?
Bone structure is a great place to start .
Chimpanzees , like humans , have a skeleton that changes shape and size as the organism matures .
The two skulls on the far left are those of an infant chimpanzee ( top ) and an infant human ( bottom ) .
Bone structure and shape are very similar , with the classic huge head and tiny cute face we seem programmed to love .
The two skulls in the middle are of a adolescent chimpanzee ( top ) and an adult human ( bottom ) .
We can see the jaw start to lengthen in both , and their overall similarity .
The final picture on the top right is of an adult chimpanzee , who has a significantly larger and more powerful bite than any adult human .
So what does this show us ?
Well , humans and chimpanzees appear to have very similar development in terms of bone structure as they grow up , except that humans just seem to … stop at a certain point .
There are a multitude of theories as to why this happens , but they all seem to follow the pattern of certain behaviours being selected for which affect the balance of hormones in the body that control the development of adult features .
This is called neoteny .
Now neoteny does n’t mean that every single part of the entire animal becomes more juvenile , or that the animal becomes less complex overall .
It ’s a selective reduction in complexity – traits that appear later in the animals development ( ie adolescence ) become less likely to appear .
So how did humans get their unique features ?
It ’s very difficult to select for traits like a bigger brain or hairlessness when those traits do n’t appear in the wild in any real frequency to begin with .
Viewing human evolution through this lens seems to indicate that change would be very slow , and very hard to do .
But what if instead of selecting for a simple trait , we ( or the species as a whole ) selects for a behaviour ?
The neat thing about selecting for this is that hormones have a strong influence on behaviour .
So we are partly selecting for certain hormone levels or actions .
These hormones also share logical relationships with other hormones , and act in many different parts of the body , not just the parts of the brain influencing behaviour .
If we put significant selection pressure on a species , we are effectively increasing the mutation rate ( ie “ mutant ” creatures tend to be selected more ) .
Increases in mutation rates would be more likely to affect more logically complex proteins arising later in life involved in the development of adolescent features ( due to more references to more parts of the mutating DNA ) rather than less logically complex proteins that would be involved in juvenile features .
As a result , we now have a mechanism for how these bizarre traits that we simply do n’t see in the wild can become so common , so quickly , and also a predicted side effect – neoteny .
But how could this end up as an advantage ?
It seems that mutations are destroying those adult adaptations that made the organism successful in the first place .
But what if the world changes simply because you and others like you live in it ?
We like to think of physical strength as the be all and end all of “ dominance ” , but I think this is only true if you ’re “ one chimp against the world ” .
A chimp who can more accurately figure out social structure and how to manipulate his place in it could be far more successful in breeding than a chimp who is simply stronger than average .
A chimpanzee ’s ability to learn is drastically reduced upon reaching maturity .
But baby chimps …
Baby chimps will eagerly mimic a human caretaker – sticking out their tongues , opening their mouth wide , or making their best effort at a kissy face .
Not only is the basic mechanism of learning there ( imitation ) , it appears to be very focused on social relationship .
And this ability decreases with age !
It seems that the retention of juvenile traits is not the burden it appears at first .
So the origin of humanity ?
Well , it ’s still up in the air .
But I think it ’s incredibly likely that we literally changed ourselves – that living together created environmental pressures ( namely social ones ) that selected for behaviour in an incredibly complex manner , where the ability to learn and social skills were valued and led to reproductive success .
All too often we look for outside pressures in evolution , when some of the most magnificent examples ( like the plumage and mating rituals of birds of paradise ) are simply a result of everyone agreeing to play an elaborate game .
What are words for , when no one listens anymore ?
~ Missing Persons
On this just past March 3rd , in a column she wrote in response to John Kerry 's crocodile tears over spilt TARP money , Bloomberg 's Caroline Baum did what she always does — she made me laugh .
Unlike far too many of her fellow professionals , though , she wants me to laugh at her columns , which mostly cover our not so good American political economy .
A combination of uncommon sense and an inability to know when to pull her punches makes certain of her pieces stand out like a raised middle finger , held high enough so that her target notices .
The above - mentioned March 3rd column , John Kerry Is Last Guy You Want Helping Banks , made Mr. Kerry notice — and he actually responded with a column of his own on March 6th .
Truth be told , in a Congress notorious for not bothering to read any of the laws they flippantly impose , I was initially relieved to think I 'd found an actual Congressmen capable of the act , but my relief proved short - lived .
Now having read his shambles of a rebuttal I doubt he even read her column , as he did n't answer a single one of Ms. Baum 's charges .
In a sane world , he would have been better off not writing the thing in the first place ; all he did was produce an effort that would net him a D if turned in to your average high school economics teacher and give proof that he is not the swiftest boat on the sea .
There is an old saying " rather be thought a fool than to open your mouth and prove it " and , provoked by Ms. Baum , our grandee of the Senate just had to go and prove it .
Typing in Oblivion
Father McKenzie , writing the words of a sermon that no one will hear .
~ The Beatles
Ms. Baum accused Mr. Kerry of three things , the main being that John Kerry — a run-of - the - mill socialist rife with the compulsion to " plan " innate to the species — has absolutely no experience outside of government employment and is ignorant regarding how to run a business , let alone an entire economy , and therefore should not be passing any legislation at all regarding the matter .
While some might argue that his membership on the Senate Finance Committee would answer the charge , it 's well known that august body is designed to teach its members much about feathering their nests and nothing of economics or marketing  even Mr. Kerry wisely saves himself from ridicule and never pretends otherwise , not even mentioning the posting .
Actually , he never mentions any of Caroline Baum 's accusations at all .
Second , she accuses him of not understanding the function of marketing to the survival of a business .
Private companies need to constantly hustle for new clients , and to keep new ones .
" Social outings foster business relationships , " she notes .
Yet , when John Kerry insists that " normal marketing " would n't be effected one iota , what he means by that is anyone 's guess , including Mr. Kerry's , as he never bothers to explain what " normal " is .
Lastly , pointing out his sputtering indignation over a TARP - stuffed finance company 's un-normal ( to him ) hiring of Earth , Wind , and Fire for a client event , Ms. Baum notes " I do n't recall much outrage when the R&B band entertained the nation 's governors at the White House a few days later .
And President Obama 's guests did n't exactly dine on mac 'n cheese . "
John Kerry called the finance company 's hiring of the band " an idiotic abuse of taxpayer money while our country is on the brink " ; how does he feel about Obama hiring the same band for his taxpayer - funded shindig ?
Naturally , Mr. Kerry does n't touch that one with a ten - foot pole .
As a taxpayer forced to invest in these insolvent companies , she invokes her right to speak up and points out " Kerry has spent his entire life working for the government " and she 'd rather have the CEOs calling the shots as to the marketing budget , and that while a failed firm should have new management , " John Kerry is not what taxpayers had in mind . "
I agree with Ms. Baum that he has neither the experience nor the training to develop any rational thoughts regarding economics , and in case you think me cruel : at the end of his rebuttal 's fifth paragraph , John Kerry insists that all that taxpayer money his bankers friends are giving out to Earth , Wind , and Fire or otherwise wasting " should be focused on easing the credit crisis by increasing lending . "
Now having established his plan for the banks to issue more debt , that being the Road Back To Recovery , five paragraphs later he forgets all about increasing lending because " household debt - to - income levels are at historic highs , " and that 's a D plan if I ever saw one .
Yet sadly , in a nation where men such as John Kerry are taken seriously and the opinion of people who are patently clueless garner respect , where President Obama can assert without laughter that his actions have been " entirely consistent with free - market principles , " and where rebuttals do n't even have to rebut , Caroline Baum and all those who argue for free markets can type madly until Judgment Day comes and it wo n't make this Titanic change course .
John Kerry 's ideas and actions are as American mainstream and apple pie as it gets ; he holds to views as popular as they are foolish , we live under a collective illusion so deep - baked into our intellectual DNA as to be impervious to any logic , unconquerable by anything less than the harsh experience of economic catastrophe .
So while she may be correct and her accusations remain standing tall , Mr. Kerry wins the day , he better understands that we live in a world where you do n't need to refute your opponent but can simply ignore them into oblivion , you can just stand back and watch them go under in a wave of popular madness , secure that democracy will advance what rational argument cannot .
Mr. Kerry 's refusal to answer the charges combined with a " plan " that can't stay on track for more than five paragraphs does n't matter ; he easily bests Caroline Baum here .
The race does not always go to the swift , and the sanity of Caroline Baum is but a drop of rain falling into the vast madness of America 's ocean .
March 9 , 2009
The Best of C.J. Maloney
Let Us Pee
Have you ever been harassed in a public bathroom because of your gender , perceived gender , gender expression , or perceived sexual orientation ?
If so send me your story and I will post it anonymously .
Email it to letmepee@gmail.com
Why ?
Because I have heard countless stories of GLBT people or people perceived to be GLBT being harassed in public restrooms ... for what you might ask ?
Just trying to pee ...
The case for Barack Obama , in broad strokes :
He has within him the possibility to change the direction and tone of American foreign policy , which need changing ; his rise will serve as a practical rebuke to the past five years , which need rebuking ; his victory would provide a fresh start in a nation in which a fresh start would come as a national relief .
He climbed steep stairs , born off the continent with no father to guide , a dreamy , abandoning mother , mixed race , no connections .
He rose with guts and gifts .
He is steady , ...
From the Campaign to elect Adriel Hampton to Congress
April 12 , 2009
California 10th Congressional District candidate Adriel Hampton ( D - Dublin ) is calling on potential rivals Sen. Mark DeSaulnier ( D - Concord ) and Assemblywoman Joan Buchanan ( D - Alamo ) to support San Francisco Assemblyman Tom Ammiano ’s bill to legalize and tax marijuana .
Hampton has made legalization of marijuana at the federal level a campaign priority .
“ If Mark and Joan want to lead at the federal level they ’ve got to start leading at home , ” Hampton said .
“ Tom Ammiano is a trailblazer in living wage and universal health care legislation , and he ’s on target with AB 390 as well .
The fact that this bill has no Assembly co-sponsors is just one more black eye for California government .
Prohibition does not work . ”
Hampton supports legalizing and taxing marijuana at the federal level to reduce crime and prison overcrowding and to provide funds for harm - reduction programs .
As an investigator for the San Francisco City Attorney ’s Office , he has worked on cases involving enforcement of San Francisco ’s medical cannabis laws .
“ Everyone in District 10 has family members who ’ve been hurt by our nation ’s foolhardy drug laws , ” said Hampton .
“ And this national problem is worse in border towns , where violent narcoterrorists are laughing at us all the way to the bank . ”
Ammiano ’s bill , introduced in February , is languishing due to lack of support at the Statehouse .
“ If we ’re hemorrhaging money and doing this wink - wink , nod - nod all these years , it ’s about time we start harvesting this , ” Ammiano told the San Francisco Chronicle .
“ And admit to the fact that it ’s going to be around and if we regulate and tax it , and decriminalize it , we could have not only an economic benefit but a policy benefit . ”
The Economist 20 years ago argued for legalization of drugs , and in March resumed that drumbeat : “ Legalisation would not only drive away the gangsters ; it would transform drugs from a law - and - order problem into a public - health problem , which is how they ought to be treated . ”
The venerable magazine points out that the U.S. spends $ 40 billion a year fighting supply , and locks up half a million citizens a year for drug offences .
California ’s Board of Equalization estimates $ 1 billion in new annual revenues for the state should Ammiano ’s bill pass .
On the incarceration side , the state spends $ 35,000 annually per prisoner and is facing mounting fiscal crisis due to overcrowding and third - word conditions in its prisons .
“ It ’s time to stop the insanity and to take advantage of this fiscal win-win , ” Hampton said .
“ We as a society can fight crime and violence far more effectively if we stop locking people up for pot , hurting families and wasting taxpayers ’ money .
It ’s time to treat marijuana just like alcohol , a highly regulated drug in its own right . ”
Adriel Hampton is a candidate for California ’s 10th Congressional district , which is expected to host a special election following senate confirmation of Representative Ellen Tauscher as Undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Two female suicide bombers have attacked Baghdad 's main Shia shrine , killing at least 60 people and injuring 125 others , officials in Iraq say .
The attack happened at the Imam Moussa al - Kadhim shrine in the Kadhimiya area as people gathered for Friday prayers .
It comes a day after 84 people were killed in two separate suicide attacks in Baghdad and Baquba .
Many victims in Baquba and in Baghdad on Friday were Iranian pilgrims and the violence was condemned in Tehran .
Violence fell sharply in the last year and the latest bombing does not change this trend , but it is a worrying development , says the BBC's Jim Muir in Baghdad .
' Explosion and fire '
The shrine was previously attacked by suicide bombers in 2004 Early reports suggested the attackers had detonated explosives belts near two gates of the revered shrine , which was crowded with worshippers .
However , a senior Iraqi bomb disposal officer later told Reuters news agency that the suicide attackers had used two leather bags packed with explosives , which they set down among the crowds at two of the gates to the shrine .
" They used sidestreets to get there and this enabled them to avoid checkpoints , " said Major - General Jihad al - Jabiri .
The howling of the wounded echoed through a nearby hospital where the victims were admitted , the hallways packed with security forces and anxious family members looking for loved ones , an AFP correspondent reports .
ANALYSIS Jim Muir , BBC News , Baghdad
The shrine is the Shias ' most revered location in the city .
Carrying out the attack on a Friday , when the shrine would be crowded with worshippers , was clearly aimed at maximising both the number of casualties and the degree of sectarian provocation involved .
It was attacks like this that helped fuel the cycle of sectarian violence that took many thousands of lives in 2006 and 2007 .
The past year or more has seen a huge improvement in the security situation .
But deadly suicide attacks seem now to be intensifying once again , raising fears of a return to the bad old days .
Many Iraqis will however be worried that it could be a sign of worse to come when the American troops complete their withdrawal , as they 're supposed to do by 2011 .
Sabiha Kadhim , 50 , had come up from the southern Iraqi town of Diwaniya with her family , four of whom were killed in the blast .
Lying on a stretcher , her head and hand bandaged , she said : " I was near the shrine and suddenly there was a huge explosion and a fire broke out .
" I saw human body parts everywhere . "
Qassim Zada , a 62 - year - old Iranian pilgrim from Tehran , had come to the shrine with his wife .
He now lay in hospital , his clothes soaked in blood .
" I was only a few metres [ yards ] away from the explosion and I do n't know what happened , " he said .
The shrine , in a predominantly Shia neighbourhood of the capital , has been a target for insurgents in the past .
' Hateful ' attack Around 25 of those killed on Friday were Iranian pilgrims , Iraqi police said .
WEEK OF SUICIDE BOMBINGS Friday : Baghdad shrine attack kills 60 Thursday : Baquba restaurant attack kills 56 , Baghdad street bomber kills 28 Wednesday : Bomber kills five in Dhuluiya Monday : Bomber kills three policemen in Baquba
In pictures : Baghdad blasts
Most of the 56 people now known to have been killed when a suicide bomber blew up a restaurant in Baquba , Diyala Province , on Thursday were also Iranian pilgrims .
On the same day , a suicide bomber infiltrated a crowd of displaced families in Baghdad as they received supplies from police , detonating an explosives belt and killing 28 people .
At Friday prayers in Tehran , Ali Akbar Rafsanjani - the influential Iranian cleric and former president - condemned Thursday 's attack on pilgrims .
" The incident yesterday was a very , very hateful example of those who harm religion in the name of religion , " he said in a sermon broadcast live by Iranian radio .
" We feel sorry for the Iraqi people because such corrupt groups have penetrated into Iraq .
We also criticise America for not having the serious will to preserve Iraq 's security . "
Meanwhile , new statistics from Iraq 's health ministry say that since 2005 when violence worsened more than 87,000 Iraqis have been killed .
The figures are based on hospital and mortuary records and are seen as significant given the heated and highly politicised debate over the human cost of the war in Iraq , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Database giant Oracle announced Monday that it will buy Sun Microsystems for $ 9.50 per share — roughly $ 7.4 billion .
The two companies reached an agreement after an unsuccessful bid by IBM fell short at $ 9.40 per share .
Oracle has significantly expanded its reach over the past decade through a series of major acquisitions which include PeopleSoft , Hyperion , Siebel , and BEA .
The addition of Sun to Oracle 's roster will have far - reaching implications and a profound impact on the technology industry .
One area where the effects could be strongly felt is in the open source software community .
Among
Sun 's most prized assets are some large - scale open source software projects that could see some major changes under their new ownership .
MySQL
The acquisition raises serious questions about the future of MySQL , a popular open source database system that Sun acquired last year .
It 's not clear if Oracle will see any incentive to continuing development of an open source alternative to its core database offerings .
There are several factors , however , that would make it difficult for Oracle to kill off MySQL — and it could be profitable to continue investing in the system 's advancement .
MySQL is already somewhat fragmented and there are several branches and forks that deliver enough unique value to be profitable independently .
This makes it seem unlikely that any one player will be able to retain centralized control of the software or unilaterally terminate its forward progress .
Another factor is the efficacy of certain alternatives — such as PostgreSQL — which existing MySQL users could choose to adopt if MySQL ever seriously stumbled .
It 's clear that there is a signficant market for open source database software , and it's a niche that someone will inevitably find a way to fill .
This means that Oracle would gain little from killing off MySQL .
A point that a lot of commentators seem to be overlooking is Oracle 's 2005 acquisition of Innobase , a company that developed a popular ACID - compliant storage engine for MySQL .
Oracle sells Innobase 's InnoDB product , which is dual - licensed and available under the GPL or commercial terms .
Now that Oracle has MySQL , the company can offer commercial licenses for both the database and the InnoDB storage engine together .
Oracle has no means of stopping open source software from cannibalizing its proprietary database market , so the company has likely decided that it might as well profit from the trend .
Oracle could also potentially view this as an opportunity to upsell some existing MySQL customers and transition them over to its proprietary products .
Oracle will likely build software to facilitate a clean glide path for customers who wish to pursue such a migration .
Solaris
Sun 's Solaris strategy has transformed considerably over the past several years .
The company released the operating system 's code base under the open source CDDL license and brought in Debian founder Ian Murdock to turn the OpenSolaris project into a community - driven desktop distro .
Under Oracle , some aspects of that strategy will be driven forward and others will likely be dropped .
Oracle 's database software is heavily deployed on the Solaris platform , so Oracle clearly has relevant business interests in the future of Solaris .
Oracle is , however , also very strongly committed to the Linux operating system .
Oracle sells its own Linux support services on top of Red Hat 's stack and is also as a major contributor to the Linux kernel .
As a major player in both worlds , Oracle has every reason to want to encourage greater collaboration between the Linux and OpenSolaris communities .
I suspect that this will lead Oracle to rethink Sun 's licensing decisions for OpenSolaris .
When Sun liberated the Solaris source code , the company deliberately chose a license that would make it difficult for the code to be adapted for use in the Linux kernel .
Oracle will probably dual - license the Solaris code so that it is available under the GPL v2 in addition to the CDDL .
This will allow key Solaris innovations — such as ZFS and DTrace — to be ported to Linux .
Sun 's OpenSolaris project aimed to boost Solaris mindshare by casting off some of the platform 's cultural idiosyncrasies and providing an environment that is more familiar and accessible to Linux users .
The OpenSolaris project also sought to deliver a compelling desktop user experience in the spirit of the Ubuntu Linux distribution .
Oracle has good reasons to continue pursuing the former but probably has little interest in the latter .
Solaris has retained a position of importance in the data center , but it has clearly lost the mindshare war .
Making Solaris more familiar to Linux users can only increase its relevance at this point .
System administrators categorically want a GNU userspace and other accoutrements of a Linux environment .
Oracle can put an end to some of the crufty Solaris greybeard culture with some nice Linux coloring .
This would help make Solaris feel more modern and less arcane .
Sun 's quest to make Solaris a better Linux than Linux fell short because of a misplaced fixation on preserving the platform 's identity , and consequently , its anachronisms .
Oracle is n't being held back by Sun 's irrational need to differentiate Solaris in all of the wrong places .
Oracle could make Solaris more Linux - like in the long run , but will face a lot of resistance and possibly resentment from certain corners of the Solaris ecosystem .
The OpenSolaris desktop push is probably not going to survive the acquisition .
Sun invested in OpenSolaris on the desktop as a vehicle for furthering the platform 's mindshare relative to Linux .
Oracle probably views this as a lost cause and will see no reason to perpetuate the investment .
This aspect of Sun's OpenSolaris strategy will almost definitely be left as an exercise for the community .
Java
Oracle is a prominent player in the Java middleware space and is a major stakeholder in the future of the programming language .
Oracle has very serious incentives to ensure that Java development continues and that the language remains competitive on the server .
Sun never really had a clear strategy for monetizing Java and this was a constant source of pressure for the company .
Oracle does n't suffer the same affliction and might consequently be less inclined to try to use centralized control over Java as a means of achieving a competitive advantage over other users in a manner that is detrimental to the ecosystem around the language .
Sun 's dictatorial control over the evolution of Java has been widely criticized by other stakeholders and is generally viewed as detrimental to the language 's growth and adoption potential .
The Java Community Process ( JCP ) has been a particularly thorny source of controversy and friction .
Oracle could finally democratize the JCP by making it more transparent and inclusive .
Sun 's overt hostility towards the Apache Software Foundation 's Harmony project , which seeks to build an Apache - licensed Java SE implementation , could also finally be brought to an end .
Sun has generally exhibited a degree of paranoia about the prospect of empowering IBM and other competitors by validating a permissively licensed third - party Java implementation .
Oracle is in a different position and probably recognizes that boosting collaboration around Java will boost the relevance and desirability of its own Java - based products .
As such , Oracle will probably view the Harmony project as an opportunity rather than a risk .
One area of the Java ecosystem where Oracle 's acquisition of Sun will create some uncertainty is in the client application space .
The value of Java to Oracle is almost entirely confined to the server market , so it seems extremely unlikely that Oracle will want to follow through with Sun 's efforts to restore Java 's relevance in the browser with projects like JavaFX which is aimed squarely at competing with Adobe 's deeply entrenched Flash framework .
Similarly ,
Sun 's renewed push for Java on mobile devices could also potentially be viewed by Oracle as superfluous .
The trend towards native toolkits and frameworks in the mobile space is making Java ME an anachronism .
Java ME is really not competitive with the iPhone experience , which is what all of the mobile platform vendors are trying to imitate right now .
Java 's only advantage in the mobile environment is consistency between devices , which is really not so good in practice .
Web widgets are probably going to displace Java ME for lightweight , cross- platform mobile applications .
Ironically , the most sustainable stronghold of Java on handhelds in the long term will probably be Google 's Android platform , which uses its own custom virtual machine and Harmony 's class libraries .
Conclusion
It 's hard to predict the full extent of how Oracle 's acquisition of Sun will impact the open source software industry .
There are a lot of unanswered questions and there are many other projects at both Sun and Oracle — such as OpenOffice.org and Btrfs — that could be left in limbo .
The transition will be difficult and there will surely be some cultural conflicts and friction .
It 's also pretty easy to anticipate a lot of cuts of both staff and projects as Oracle assimilates Sun .
Sun 's long history with open source software includes both enthusiasm and antagonism .
The company 's renowned unwillingness to cede control and foster community - driven development has mired many of its projects in controversy .
Sun 's decision to open Java and Solaris came years too late and has resulted in a lot of missed opportunities .
Despite these failings ,
Sun has consistently produced remarkable innovation and impressive technology .
Oracle has a unique opportunity to take all of Sun 's assets and help the good ones achieve their full potential .
One can hope that Oracle will do this by setting a higher standard for transparency and inclusiveness .
Teacher who filmed pupils fighting and playing with fire extinguishers in the classroom is suspended for a year
Suspended : Alex Dolan , who used a hidden camera to film shocking scenes of pupils fighting in the classroom , was found guilty of unprofessional conduct
A teacher who filmed shocking scenes of pupils misbehaving for a TV documentary was found guilty of unprofessional conduct and suspended for a year yesterday .
Alex Dolan took work as a supply teacher and used a hidden camera to film life at four secondary schools while working in London and Leeds in 2005 .
The footage , shown in a Channel 4 Dispatches programme in July that year , showed children fighting and refusing to work and one school attempting to conceal staffing problems from Ofsted .
But the General Teaching Council conduct committee has now ruled the science teacher breached the trust of pupils and abused her position .
Speaking after the hearing , Miss Dolan , 33 , accused the GTC of sweeping its own failures under the carpet .
' I acted fairly and in the wider public interest by exposing the extent of , and damage done , by poor discipline in many classrooms in the schools , the deception by teachers of school inspectors , and the manipulation of exam results , ' she said .
' I find it beyond comprehension that the GTC can spend three years investigating me when they should be looking on their own doorstep .
' Instead , they have decided to sweep it under the carpet and persecute the whistle - blower .
' The GTC conduct committee are out of touch with what really concerns teachers , parents and pupils and have missed a chance to act as a catalyst for change . '
The ruling is in stark contrast to other decisions by the GTC , which has been accused of being over - lenient towards other teachers .
Anarchy : Footage captured by Alex Dolan in secondary schools and shown in the Channel 4 Dispatches programme revealed pupils fighting with each other in the classroom
Just last month , a teacher who admitted using crack cocaine and falling asleep in lessons was allowed to keep his job .
Education experts described the ruling against Miss Dolan as ' perverse ' .
Nick Seaton , of the Campaign for Real Education , said : ' There is a complete wall of silence about failings in our education system and we need people like Alex Dolan to expose them .
' People who reveal genuine problems should be protected , not singled out for condemnation . '
Miss Dolan , from Cambridge , took the secret footage while working in London and Leeds in 2005 .
It was broadcast in July that year after a High Court judge refused to issue an injunction sought by Leeds City Council , ruling that the programme served important public interests .
The film , called Undercover Teacher , showed pupils swearing , running on tables , making mobile phone calls and playing with fire extinguishers .
One class of teenagers at a failing comprehensive were revealed to have had 26 supply teachers in six months .
In this image , a pupil grabs a fire extinguisher and fires it at classmates .
Miss Dolan was backed by the former Chief Inspector of School Chris Woodhead , who said there was a public interest in seeing the reality in the classroom
During the GTC hearing , Miss Dolan , who denied one charge of unacceptable professional conduct , said her motives had been ' entirely honourable ' and that she made the film to highlight the plight of children failed by the education system .
She was backed by former head of Ofsted Chris Woodhead , who was the Chief Inspector of Schools in England from 1994 to 2000 .
He told the panel : ' It is highly in the public interest that parents , teachers , and the politicians responsible for schools and education understand the reality of what is happening in classrooms . '
The programme 's executive producer said it had exposed the ' real face ' of schools .
But the panel , which sat in Birmingham , said the public interest issues raised by the film did not justify the use of covert filming .
Chairman Ralph Ullmann said : ' We do not accept that there were no other means by which they could have been brought to the attention of the public . '
He added : ' We have concluded that her actions , given her registered teacher status , were ultimately misguided .
' We are satisfied that covert filming of pupils by a registered teacher is unacceptable , other than in wholly exceptional circumstances . '
Supply teacher Angela Mason , 60 , was banned from teaching for a year in 2007 after secretly filming pupils fighting and swearing for a Channel 5 documentary .
The channel said at the time the decision amounted to ' shooting the messenger ' .
User profile : 177136 Blog Fedora Project Taking Ideas For Next Release Name
This is 177136 Blog Fedora Project Taking Ideas For Next Release Name 's personal page .
177136 Blog Fedora Project Taking Ideas For Next Release Name
Infowars
April 16 , 2009
It ’s bad enough the Obama administration has pledged trillions to “ bailout ” the bankers and has made moves to control business in the private sector .
Now they want a Soviet - styled media financed and run by the government .
Brooks , who has taken up a post as an adviser at the Pentagon , advocated upping " direct government support for public media " and creating licenses to govern news operations .
“ Influential Los Angeles Times columnist Rosa Brooks has hung up her journalistic hat and joined the Obama administration , but not before penning a public proposal calling for some radical ideas to help bail out the failing news industry , ” reports Fox News .
Brooks , who has taken up a post as an adviser at the Pentagon , advocated upping “ direct government support for public media ” and creating licenses to govern news operations .
“ Years of foolish policies have left us with a choice :
We can bail out journalism , using tax dollars and granting licenses in ways that encourage robust and independent reporting and commentary , or we can watch , wringing our hands , as more and more top journalists are laid off , ” she wrote in her parting column on April 9 .
You can only imagine how such licenses would govern Infowars and the alternative media .
In the former Soviet Union , Pravda was an organ of the CPSU Central Committee , while Izvestiya was published by the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet .
Ms. Brooks is advocating a likewise scheme here in America , formerly a land that respected the idea of an independent press and the First Amendment .
She would put an end to all of this once and for all with her suggestion that media be licensed by the state .
Brooks said her authoritarian scheme would help rescue the corporate media from a “ death spiral ” and left the government unaccountable to the journalists who must keep it honest .
“ [ I ] ca n’t imagine anything more dangerous than a society in which the news industry has more or less collapsed , ” she wrote .
Why is the corporate media in the process of collapsing ?
Because a growing number of people get their news from the internet and alternative media sources .
Large numbers of people no longer trust the corporate media to tell the truth .
Corporate media is a dinosaur that needs to either reinvent itself or go the way of the Brontosaurus .
Instead , this Obama appointee wants to turn the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times ( where she worked before joining team Obama ) into Izvestiya .
But then the argument is academic .
The New York Times and the rest of the corporate media is owned and operated by the same corporatist and Wall Street leviathans that financed and supported the Soviet Union .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Let The Voice Clinic Change Your Life Today !
Your Success is Important to us , that is why every one of our Expert Facilitators has been hand selected to present our unique Training Programs to you .
Each Facilitator is a highly Qualified Professional with University Degrees in Voice , Performance , English and Psychology .
The Voice Clinic is the Industry Leader and Trend Setter in Voice Programs , Effective Communication Training , Confidence and Best Public Speaking Coaching since 1988 .
Our Business Presentation Skills Courses will increase the Persuasive Performance of corporate teams and individuals .
The Voice Clinic Executive Coaches & Facilitators will ensure that you greatly improve your Confidence , Communication , English Language & Public Speaking Excellence .
We have branches operating in Johannesburg , Pretoria , Cape Town , Durban & also provide Zoom .
Skype & eLearning Training courses .
WE ARE OFFERING ALL PROGRAMS VIA ZOOM OR SKYPE DURING THIS PERIOD & FACE TO FACE TRAINING BY REQUEST & ON DEMAND .
Choose to help us support initiatives against Gender Based Violence , by donating at checkout .
All right peeps .
This little alphabet experiment is almost over with .
We ’re on the letter Y today , which means Monday will be the caboose to the metaphorical train that started chugging over a month ago .
I ’ll have a little wrap up then to go with the Z band(s ) of choice , so make sure you come back after the weekend or else that ’ll just be one more thing in your life that ’s incomplete and nobody wants that .
Unlike yesterday , when I did n’t have a single X titled band in my entire music library I ’ve at least got one Y band and a good one at that .
And given the assignment , choosing the song was pretty easy , too .
Here ’s the Yeah Yeah Yeahs with the Spike Jonze directed vid for “ Y Control ” from 2003 ’s Fever To Tell :
Mmm .
Let ’s have another !
Here ’s “ Gold Lion ” from the Yeahs most recent full - length record Show Your Bones :
I like Yeah Yeah Yeahs because they still manage to squeeze out some melody ( and occasionally very lovely ones ) in between the considerable effort they put into being noisy and weird , or what people cooler than me would probably call “ art rock . ”
Singer Karen
O , god bless her , is her own spirit and the main artery of that band but I do n’t mind admitting that there are times when I ’d like to just pull her aside , share a Swiss Cake Roll , and say “ You know , if you ever need somebody to talk to I ’m here for you .
You know that , right ? ”
Not that I think there ’s anything emotionally unstable about her .
Quite the opposite .
I think her performance is perfectly calculated right down to the face graffiti and spandex , and while it makes for high Kabuki , I ’d also love for her to know that it ’s okay to relax every now and then .
Sometimes , I think artists who put that much effort into their image occasionally quite literally paint themselves into a corner when trying to sustain a lengthy career .
Look at KISS ( or , rather , do n’t – those dudes are hideous looking ) .
Look at Marilyn Manson .
Or , hell , even Madonna or Elton John .
If you get into the act of constantly trying to top your own image there usually comes a point where the image takes precedent to the music and then you ’re really screwed .
And even if that does n’t happen , there usually comes a point where these artists finally just say “ to hell with it ” and go on stage in clothes the rest of us ( or , okay , other rock stars ) might wear .
I guess what I ’m trying to say is , I look forward to the day when Karen O reaches that point .
Besides , imagine all the crazy moves she could do onstage if she were actually wearing sensible shoes !
Anyway , as odd as Karen O and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs present themselves , when it comes to Y artists being weird , they ’re not even at the top of the list .
And yeah , you know who I ’m talking about :
How great is that transition to Velvet Revolver ’s “ Slither ” in that song ???
So perfect !
I swear , Al … You ’ll always be just weird enough for me .
Enjoy your weekend .
More Monday …
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Small can mean big bucks in the world of gaming where micropayments are being seen as playing an increasingly important part in making money for the industry .
The virtual goods market is a nascent but growing one , say analysts Amid a downturn in advertising revenues , a recent survey at the GamesBeat conference in San Francisco found that 66 % of those polled " were excited about this growing trend " which is most often seen in so - called ' free to play ' games .
That is where it costs nothing to play but developers sell items or different levels within the gaming experience .
" Micro payments have been proven to work very well in the far east , Korea and China , " said Dean Takahashi from VentureBeat , which organised GamesBeat .
" Initially they took off there because there is such a big problem with piracy and with a micro-transaction , you can always verify the credit card transaction or the payment system so you are assured people will pay up .
" The big test is whether North American gamers , the biggest market , are really going to go for this or not , " Mr Takahashi told the BBC .
Analyst Michael Cai , who is the vice president of video games at Interpret , said young gamers like the new model but that is no guarantee of success .
" As this generation grows up the big question is what are they going to adopt and embrace ?
A lot of the publishers have started to embrace these ( payment ) models as well and everyone is looking at micro-transactions very carefully , " said Mr Cai .
One game often cited as making the most of micropayments is Mob Wars , where players rise through the mob ranks by committing crimes and fighting other players .
Real money is used to buy weapons and other virtual goods on the site .
The TechCrunch blog noted " some estimates suggest revenue may have peaked at $ 1 m ( £ 667,000 ) a month and there are nearly 2.5 m active users of the application on Facebook today . "
Games as a service
In the free to play marketplace a company called Playfish has grown from 20 m users to 60 m in the last 18 months .
It has five out of the top 10 games on the world 's biggest social networking site , Facebook .
Playfish games like Pet Society and Who has the Biggest Brain ? are also available on Apple 's App Store .
The younger generation seem to embrace micropayments most " We are huge believers in the free to play model because it minimises the barrier to entry for gamers and gets as many people involved for free as quickly as possible , " said Kristian Segerstrale co-founder of Playfish .
And of course once users are hooked on a game , or invested in it , that is the perfect time to persuade them to part with some hard cash .
" Pets Society is our biggest playing game with 3 m daily users .
In the game , gamers adopt a pet and take care of it .
They can win coins to spend on , say , food or clothes or furniture .
" But not everyone has time to earn money in the game so they can spend $ 5 and buy 2500 coins , which normally takes days to win and spend it on what they like , " explained Mr Segerstrale .
He said on average , players spend $ 7 - $ 22 ( £ 5 - £ 15 ) a month and that " micro - transactions will win over subscription fees because they are more flexible . "
" As games become a service , it does n't make any sense to make users pay up front , no - one does that with their gas bill or telephone .
You pay over time , " said Mr Segerstrale .
" Friction " VentureBeat 's Mr Takahashi predicts the market for micropayments could become a multi-billion dollar business , if it takes off .
Apple 's App Store has 6,000 games .
2,000 are free to play .
That might be one reason why Apple will later this year launch its in commerce app in the AppStore , which will allow developers to introduce new layers into games that they can charge customers for and ramp up the micro-transaction side of things .
" It 's important for developers to boost their revenue stream and look at how to monetise software , especially if you are a business person , " said Neil Young the founder of NGmoco that makes games exclusively for Apple 's 25,000 strong app store .
" My sense is that taking the friction out of purchasing things inside the gaming experience itself is going to lead to more usage and a better revenue stream for developers . "
Facebook and MySpace are both working on their own payments systems but TechCrunch noted that it is the " nimbler start ups " that are making headway in this field .
It said Spare Change Payments is processing $ 2.5 m ( £ 1.6 m ) a month in micropayments , adding up to a " $ 30 m ( £ 20 m ) annual run-rate . "
" Entertainment "
As the online world becomes more mobile the use of the phone as a payment model is also expected to take hold .
While a recent survey by KPMG revealed that most people in the US have issues around security , a majority also said they would consider using their mobile if these could be addressed .
Mobile payments have great potential because of the ubiquity of the device In Europe and Southeast Asia , mobile payment is one of the most popular ways to pay for virtual goods since nearly everyone has a phone .
In the US the uptake is slower because of the high fees charged by carriers , which are generally 40 % of any mobile payment compared to 25 % in Europe and between 5 - 10 % in Asia .
In the world of mobile payments , gaming is the biggest driver of business said mobile payment company Zong " Most of our transactions are coming from in game payments , " said Zong founder David Marcus .
" The average transaction is five to six dollars with people mostly buying either virtual goods or virtual currency .
It 's a new kind of entertainment and if you look at certain games that cost $ 30 - $ 40 m to produce , it 's a full entertainment industry that is looking to monetize these things .
" Now that Electronic Arts is launching their first free to play game , virtual goods and virtual currency will no doubt be a part of it and mobile payments are going to be a big part of it also , " said Mr Marcus .
" Greed over gameplay "
In a struggling economy , much is being made of the new payment models trying to take root .
Some in the industry however are concerned there is too much focus on making money .
" The revenue model always dictates the shape of the content and so different types of games will need to be created to support this type of mechanism , " explained Rob Tercek , the president of mobile at the Oprah Winfrey Network and chairman of GDC Mobile .
" If it 's a game where you are meant to pay for micro- transactions , then the designer has to design into the game the need for these upgrades or items for sale that may or may not be a great model , especially when played on a mobile device .
" My feeling is that a game is either a good game or a bad game and just because you bought a bigger gun or some better shoes should n't change the game , " stated Mr Tercek .
NGmoco's Mr Young is also wary .
" As long as developers do n't prioritise greed over game play .
You need to remember that at the end of the day , we are there to provide fun gaming experiences for people .
Not something where they are constantly badgered to pay up for something .
" It 's a careful balance we will have to learn as game makers , " concluded Mr Young .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US Senate has voted in favour of Barack Obama 's $ 787bn ( £ 548 bn ) economic stimulus plan - clearing the way for it to be signed into law .
The vote came hours after the House of Representatives passed the measure without Republican backing .
Mr Obama has said the plan - a package of tax cuts and spending - will " save or create more than 3.5 million jobs " .
Republicans argue the tax cuts are insufficient , and that the economy will be saddled with debt for years to come .
Members of both houses of Congress reached a deal over the content of the stimulus package on Wednesday .
This is n't Monopoly money .
It 's real .
It adds up
Mitch McConnell
Republican Senate minority leader
Battle exposes partisan rifts
The BBC's Kevin Connolly in Washington says the first set - piece drama of the Obama era ended in a comfortable but not entirely unqualified victory for the president , who had hoped for more bipartisan support .
All 176 Republicans and seven Democrats voted against the revised package in the House .
It was backed by 246 House Democrats .
In the Senate just three Republicans voted for the package .
The rebel votes were however enough under Congress rules to stop the Republican Party using blocking tactics to delay the stimulus plan , and it passed 60 - 38 .
' Shot in the arm '
The approved version of the plan is split into 36 % for tax cuts and 64 % percent in spending and money for social programmes .
We have a once - in - a - generation chance to act boldly
US President Barack Obama
Send us your comments
Running to more than 1,000 pages , it includes new road building , cash to pay police in hard - up cities , and tax breaks for consumers buying houses and cars .
The package also imposes new limits on cash bonuses and other incentive compensation for executives on Wall Street , which are much tougher than those proposed by the Obama administration last week .
The provision , inserted by Senate Democrats , targets senior executives at financial institutions receiving government bail - out funds .
STIMULUS PACKAGE $ 240bn in tax breaks for individuals and businesses $ 140bn for health care $ 100bn for education $ 48bn for transportation projects Source : Associated Press
The colossal package is all to be funded with borrowed money .
Republicans had insisted on larger tax cuts instead of big spending programmes .
Republican Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell said : " This is n't Monopoly money .
It 's real .
It adds up , and it has to be paid back , by our children and by their children . "
The Democratic leader of the Senate , Harry Reid , praised the three Republicans who had voted for the bill and said it was the most important piece of legislation he had worked on .
" The country is in trouble and we 're so fortunate we were able to get it passed , " he said .
" It 's going to give this country a shot in the arm . "
Earlier , Mr Obama had said that in the longer term the government needed to rein in spending , and that " we are going to have to once again live within our means " .
The president told members of the Business Council in Washington that the package was " only the beginning of what I think all of you understand is going to be a long and difficult process of turning our economy around . "
Presidential pressure " We have a once - in - a - generation chance to act boldly , and turn adversity into opportunity , and to use this crisis as a chance to transform our economy for the twenty - first century , " Mr Obama said .
Among the measures in the approved package is a " Buy American " clause that had caused alarm among US trading partners .
The EU and Canada said that provisions favouring American - produced materials for government projects risked provoking retaliatory protectionist measures .
In the face of this reaction , the clause was softened to a version requiring the government not to violate trade agreements .
Last week , the House had approved an earlier $ 825 bn version of the package without any Republican support .
The Senate voted to approve a different $ 838bn version on Tuesday , with few Republicans opting to back it .
The two versions had to be reconciled in a joint House - Senate committee before facing final votes in the two chambers .
President Obama increased the pressure on Congress this week , saying he wanted the bill on his desk ready to sign by the weekend .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President Obama wants to simultaneously improve education while getting costs under control .
School districts are so stressed financially that they 're laying off teachers and ending valuable programs .
Here 's one modest proposal from the tech blogosphere :
Get rid of paper textbooks in favor of digital books and materials for high school and college students as a way to both improve education and cut costs .
Paper textbooks are problematic in two ways :
First , they 're paper .
Second , they 're textbooks .
Let me explain .
What 's wrong with paper ?
All the standard arguments against paper books are especially true for textbooks .
Paper requires the cutting down of trees , transport of trees , paper , then books and the use of toxic inks .
Paper books are bad for the environment .
But textbooks are constantly being replaced with new editions , with the old ones rendered unusable , and can't be sold used or even stocked in a library .
Because teachers require new editions , the old editions are useless and end up in landfills .
Meanwhile , the strongest argument most people use in favor of paper books , which is that they enjoy the pleasure of curling up with a " real " book , is hard to swallow with textbooks .
They 're generally not read for pleasure , but in late - night cram sessions .
Also : Books are heavy .
Have you seen students ' backpacks these days ?
They tend to be back - breakingly heavy .
What 's wrong with textbooks ?
Textbooks can cost a fortune .
A typical textbook that might cost $ 24.99 at Barnes & Noble might be sold to schools or directly to students in college bookstores for $ 200 .
Schools and teachers often require the most recent versions , which have been updated with minor changes , thus forcing schools and students to pay for books rather than reusing older ones .
The high cost has little to do with the cost of production , and everything to do with monopoly pricing .
Many textbooks are required by someone -- a school board , and state board of education , a teacher , professor or department head .
Once it 's required , you 've got a monopoly pricing opportunity .
Students * have * to buy the book regardless of price .
But the worst thing about textbooks is that they 've evolved into bland , unreadable products of interest group politics .
Schools are trying to teach students to be literate , and to develop an ear for good language , then we force - feed them these hideous textbooks , which tend to be so stripped of blood and guts and heart ( one definition of bad writing ) that reading and learning become some kind of forced march through the educational - industrial complex , rather than the journey of discovery they 're supposed to be .
In a better world , teachers would choose reading materials from the millions of available online titles .
If they chose a textbook , fine .
But instead of some bland , committee - approved , unreadable textbook about Plato , why not have the students actually read Plato ?
It 's both superior and free .
Of course , electronic books would n't stop controversy .
But it could push the controversy down to the local level .
Rather than tiny minorities of religious people , politically sensitive people or other groups forcing blandness and stupidity on an entire state , only the local school districts should be having these battles in the places where those interest groups exist .
Elsewhere , schools could be free to assign real books .
It 's worth pointing out , by the way , that pushing decision - making down to the level of the individual is precisely why , say , capitalism works better than centrally planned economies , and why , for example , more people get more value out of the Wikipedia than the Encyclopedia Britanica .
Maybe school curricula should also take a cue from Hayek , and push the decision - making down to the individual instructor ?
Electronic materials would make that extremely workable .
Why electronic is better ?
Students are already online and electronic .
They 're mobile and digital .
An electronic book can be read in more places .
For example , if a college student works part time on some manual labor job , he or she can listen to their books and get more studying in than would be possible with paper books .
They can read on their iPhones on the bus , or read in hundreds of other situations where they would n't have their giant , bulky textbook .
The text size can be increased , which helps visually impaired students .
Electronic editions could be updated at nearly zero cost .
They could be subscribed to by schools , saving taxpayer money .
That way , a college teacher would n't have to require the bookstore to stock the new version and dump all the used books .
The electronic version would always be updated .
And here 's a radical idea .
Why not ban books altogether for some courses .
Why not place the burden of finding sources on the student .
Is n't it better to teach them to fish , rather than giving them one ?
( The best students do that anyway , supplementing assigned materials with those they find on their own . )
Rather than banning the use of Wikipedia , as some schools do , why not require contribution to it ?
Some of the best universities in the world place complete course materials , including video podcasts of lectures , online .
What possible reason would some podunk college have to not take advantage of course material from , say , MIT , whenever possible ( other than instructor ego ) ?
There 's a whole new universe of educational content resources -- most of it free -- that has emerged in the past few years .
Why are schools still pretending that the Internet never happened ?
So that 's my proposal : Ban all paper textbooks and go electronic .
Students could choose to read on PCs , phones or Kindle - like readers .
If students do n't have some kind of reader , libraries and computer labs do .
And once schools go electronic , let 's stop torturing students with textbooks , and introduce them to the real world of intellectual content out there .
Embracing real books online can help solve the education crisis , the financial crisis and a large number of other crises .
A global recession and educational funding crisis makes the perfect time to wrench our children 's minds away from the textbook industry , the politically correct anti-intellectuals , special interest groups and the bureaucratic mindset that is wrecking education .
Let 's burn the textbooks and go electronic .
Most fish species in the Pacific Ocean are declining except for the Humboldt squid named after the Humboldt Current in South America .
The Humboldt squid ( Dosidicus gigas ) is notoriously aggressive and can weigh as much as 100 pounds .
Called the diablos rojos , or red devils , by Mexican fisherman , the Humboldt Squid can take off your finger with its beak .
Â
Sometimes called jumbo squid , the Humboldt squid ’s traditional range was from ranging from Tierra del Fuego to California .
Recently , they ’ve appeared as far north as Sitka , Alaska .
Â
According to the Smithsonian , “ Some oceanographers suggest that warming oceans are at fault , while others speculate that declining numbers of the squid ’s predators due to overfishing may have allowed Humboldts to expand their range . ”
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQKs1-fwTgU
Humboldt Squid prefer warmer waters and the recent range expansion is most likely caused by climate .
Â
Since 2002 , millions of Humboldt have migrated north .
Since they live about a thousand feet under the surface of the ocean , changes in their range reflect warmer temperatures at greater depths in the ocean than just the surface .
Image by roctopus
Biology professor William Gilly of Stanford University ’s Hopkins Marine Station has been studying and tracking Humboldt squid .
Â
Gilly explains , “ If you ’re a betting man , I would bet on the squid and not on the fish .
It has a lot to teach us about what predators will be here in a time of climate change .
The squid is super - adaptable . ”
Biologists are concerned that the Humboldt squid are affecting California fisheries .
Dr. Bruce Robison of the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute explains , “ Tiny little crill , or great big fishes â€ ¦
They can eat whatever they want whenever they want .
Â
If I was a Humboldt squid , I ’d be knocking off salmon ! ”
Gilly warns , “ You will get accustomed to eating less salmon and more squid .
I can guarantee that . ”
One thing scientists agree on is the Humboldt squid is perfectly adaptable to climate change .
Â
Some biologist have even gone so far as to predict the Humboldt squid may be the only coastal fishery left in California .
With the second straight commercial salmon season cancellation imminent , they may be right .
The Free Software Foundation and FLOSS Manuals are joining forces in a sprint to write a new textbook introducing GNU / Linux newbies to the command line .
Join us as we sprint to release a new book by Monday March 23rd !
You can help us help others learn the basic necessities of surviving and thriving on the GNU / Linux command line .
Share your expertise and tips and help author this new textbook - starting now :
All contributions of text are welcome .
If you have more time , we welcome more elaborate contributions about how to write basic scripts , explanations of piping commands , or an introduction to regular expressions ( and other topics ) .
FLOSS
Manuals uses an irc channel to help coordinate activities :
irc.freenode.net #flossmanuals
The web interface includes the irc thread .
You can see it on the side of this page : http://en.flossmanuals.net/bin/view/CommandLineIntro/WebHome
Coordination will be done via irc and email .
You can also send text contributions directly to Adam Hyde < adam@flossmanuals.net >.
The manual will be available online for free immediately after the LibrePlanet conference finishes , and will be up for purchase in book form from the FSF web site ( and available now for advance ordering ) .
The book will be dual - licensed under the GFDL and GPL v2 ( or later ) .
All proceeds from the sales of the book will go towards a second FLOSS Manuals sprint to create another great text for free software .
FSF & FLOSS Manuals Book Sprint : " Introduction to the Command Line "
March 21 and 22
Online and at LibrePlanet , Harvard Science Center , Cambridge , MA , USA
Stephen Chernin / Getty Images
Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse , a Somali of uncertain age , in federal custody Monday in New York .
He was charged Tuesday with piracy and related counts after an attack on an American ship .
Norton products have been among our favorite security tools for years , in part because they 've provided strong support .
But readers have started to complain about chat support , so I investigated .
The results were troubling .
I 've praised Symantec 's support , especially the integrated chat - based support introduced with .
Their support agents did a great job handling some problems that came up during my evaluation of that suite .
Lately , though , a number of readers have reported problems with chat support .
One asked for help because he was concerned that the threats Norton found were merely quarantined , not removed .
The chat agent could have explained how to delete items from quarantine , or even demonstrated how using remote control .
Instead , this agent insisted that the only recourse for full removal was an extra-cost session with a consultant .
Another reader got worried when a chat agent performing remote - control cleanup used an unfamiliar non-Symantec program .
I did n't get a lot of detail from these readers .
Based on my own previous , positive sessions with chat support , I wondered if they might have just misunderstood the situation .
But my new experiences while evaluating opened my eyes to the magnitude of the problem .
Did Symantec switch outsourced support companies ?
Has the chat support team gone rogue ?
I can't say for sure what 's at the root of the problems , but here 's what happened .
Pay For Play
For my evaluation and review of Norton 360 , I installed the product on a dozen malware - infested systems .
Most installed and ran flawlessly , but one system had a blue - screen crash during installation .
On restart the Norton 360 installer gathered and analyzed error logs , then offered a link to support .
I was impressed most products do n't have such resilient installers .
I followed the link and initiated a conversation with chat support agent Mohanakrishnan ( at least he did n't claim his name was Bob ) .
Mohanakrishnan asked some questions and ( with my permission ) took a remote - control tour of the system .
He pointed out one blatant malware symptom : a big screen from a rogue antispyware program claiming it had found terrible problems and offering to fix them , for a price .
He escalated me to another support agent in the Virus Removal Department , after verifying that I had a valid registration key .
Sorry , if you get stuck during a trial installation , chat support is not available .
Prajith , the second agent , asked a lot of questions about my online activities but did n't bother to remote - control the system .
He suggested I " remove the infection immediately . "
I pointed out that was my intention I 'm trying to install Norton 360 so it can remove the infection .
He continued that " expert consultants will do a complete diagnosis of your system , and troubleshoot any malware present on your computer . "
Only after I agreed did he add that this is a for - pay service and ask if it would still be OK .
He did n't state the price , but later research revealed that it would have been $ 99.95 to get this $ 79.99 product installed .
Naturally I said no , I already have a license for the software , I just want to install it .
He declared that I had only bought " the software , updates to the software and for the virus definitions , " not a guarantee that the software would install .
I asked repeatedly for a solution other than paying extra but never got anything resembling an answer .
Eventually , I ended the chat , carefully saving the transcript and a screen - capture movie I had made of the entire interchange . 
Norton User Forums to the Rescue
Simultaneous with the release of the new Norton 360 , Symantec brought its Norton User Forums Web site out of beta .
The company was anxious for me to try it , so this seemed a perfect opportunity .
I registered and posted a description of my problem in the user forums .
Within an hour I had the correct answer from a forum volunteer :
If Norton 360 wo n't install due to malware , use the Norton Recovery Tool to clean up the system first .
Those who 've bought the boxed product can just boot from the disk .
Others can download an ISO image of the tool , burn it to a disk , and boot from that .
I downloaded , burned , booted , supplied my product key , and let it run its scan .
It detected and removed many threats , and reported that a couple could n't be removed .
A second scan cleaned those up and I was ready to boot back into normal Windows .
Now that 's the right solution !
Symantec confirms that the chat agent 's behavior was incorrect .
" The support agent should have directed you to the free Norton Recovery Tool as a first step .
It was an error on his part . "
The company went on to say " We have shared this situation with executives on our support team , and we will ensure all customers are informed of these free options [ Norton Recovery Tool and Norton User Forums ] with regard to virus removal . "
To prevent such errors in the future , the team is " increasing agent training and creating stricter instructions for agents to better communicate free malware removal options . "
I hope so !
Taking Unfair Credit
As it turns out , the story does n't end here .
The Norton 360 installer still would n't complete its job .
On every reboot , the app went through its whole rigmarole again , collecting and analyzing log files and sending me to tech support .
It would n't complete the process and I could n't uninstall the incomplete program .
Once again , I followed the links to chat - based tech support .
Murugash , the chat agent , remote - controlled the system and verified that the Norton 360 installation was stuck .
No problem .
He downloaded the Symantec Norton Removal Tool ( SYMNRT ) to my test system .
This is Symantec 's answer to uninstallation problems that were common with older program versions .
It removes all trace of all Symantec products .
After running it he offered to " run a scan from the Norton security scan " to make sure all threats are gone .
I asked if this is necessary , given that I 've already scanned the system with the bootable Norton Recovery Tool .
He said " it is a deep scan just from a online Norton program , " so I let him do it .
To my surprise , he downloaded and ran the free Malwarebytes ' Anti-Malware utility .
This is , of course , not a Norton program by any stretch of the imagination .
It did find a few traces of various threats left behind when the CD - based scan wiped out the executable parts .
Now , do n't get me wrong .
I have no grudge against tech support using free tools from other sources for cleanup .
It 's a fairly common practice .
I just resent it when they pass those tools off as their own .
I went back to Symantec for an explanation of this misrepresentation .
They said " We escalated the matter to our Support team and they are highly concerned that an agent used a non-Symantec solution to scan / clean your system .
As you would expect , Symantec has its own products and internal tools at its agents ' disposal and it is proper protocol to use these tools when helping customers .
Please be assured that the actions of this agent are not typical and are being immediately addressed . "
Again , I hope so .
Keeping Them Honest
As far as my testing went , everything worked out fine in the end .
Three rootkits ( one of which falsely presented itself as an antispyware utility ) were totally cleaned from the problem system .
Had I believed the chat agent the first time around , though , I would have shelled out big bucks just to get the program installed .
If you have problems with Symantec 's chat - based support , let me know .
Symantec says the support team now knows what they should do , but I can't assume they all got the memo .
I 'll be kicking assumptions and taking names .
I especially want to hear about chat sessions that funnel you inevitably into paying for " expert consultation " or sessions in which the agents misrepresent third - party cleanup tools as being Norton or Symantec tools .
Here 's what you do .
Stay alert after you click the big End Session button and take the option to view a transcript of the chat session .
Copy and paste the transcript into a document , save it , and attach it to an e-mail message directed to [ email protected ] .
Include a description of the problem you were trying to solve and any other information that might be helpful .
I really like chat - based support when it 's handled correctly , so I 'm just going to make sure this group does it right .
More Expert Views :
Reading back through this blog , I have noticed that I have been tending to look at things from a male point of view , ok as I am a man this is something to be expected , well today I thought about looking at things from a females view , do n’t be worried , I am talking about FEMDOM .
Just as a Dom or Master finds fulfilment in their life when they live it as a Dom or Master , then so does a Domme or Mistress , they are basically looking and finding the same things the men are , they are allowing the dominant streak within them free and at the same time they are satisfying desires within their subs or slaves .
It can be said that as women have an inbred nurturing instinct they are more aware of what a sub or slave needs , I am not sure if this is right as just as there are some strict Doms and Masters having met a few in my time as a Master I know there are some strict Dommes and Mistresses , in fact they seem to have a corner of the market in inventiveness where punishments and play is concerned at times !!
I was looking forward to my first experience with anesthesia .
I had been laid out on a stretcher , and nurses and doctors were prepping my midsection so they could slice it open and cut out my appendix .
After a bout of appendicitis , a short vacation from consciousness seemed like a pleasant way to spend a few hours .
I had no idea what anesthesia would actually feel like , though , and suddenly I was seized by skepticism .
I tried to hoist myself up , already swabbed in iodine , as I suggested that I ought to pop into the men ’s room before the scalpels came out .
I would n’t want to interrupt the surgery with a bathroom break .
“ Do n’t worry , ” one of the nurses replied .
“ We ’ll do that for you . ”
I lay back down , puzzling over that .
After a nurse put the IV into my hand , I had to interrupt again :
The anesthesia flowing into my arm was not working .
I just could n’t believe that anything would keep me asleep while someone was knitting up my intestines .
The nurses and doctors nodded in my direction as I tried to explain the problem to them , but I was sure they were n’t taking me seriously .
I took a long , slow blink .
And then there were no doctors and nurses around me .
I was lying alone in a new room , recovering from my surgery .
Ever since that experience , I ’ve wondered what exactly happened in my head .
It did n’t feel like sleep .
It was not a blackout , either .
It was as if the surgeons had simply cut a few hours out of my life and joined together the loose ends .
So I decided to get more familiar with the science behind anesthesia .
To my surprise , I discovered that anesthesiologists are a bit in the dark themselves .
“ How anesthesia works has been a mystery since the discovery of anesthesia itself , ” writes Michael Alkire , an anesthesiologist at the University of California at Irvine School of Medicine , in the new Encyclopedia of Consciousness .
The first public demonstration of anesthesia during surgery took place in 1846 in Boston .
A man named Gilbert Abbott took some deep drafts of ether , and surgeons began cutting a tumor off his jaw .
The audience was shocked that Abbott did not scream and squirm .
One London newspaper expressed the amazement that many must have felt : “ Oh , what delight for every feeling heart to find the new year ushered in with the announcement of this noble discovery of the power to still the sense of pain and veil the eye and memory from all the horrors of an operation . ”
Today anesthesiologists have a number of drugs to choose from , as well as machines to administer them safely .
Every year tens of millions of people get general anesthesia .
In 2008 Columbia University epidemiologist Guohua Li reported that each year only one person in a million suffers an anesthesia - related death in the United States .
But for all these achievements , anesthesia remains deeply puzzling .
To begin with , anesthesiologists have no precise way to determine when people lose consciousness .
In Abbott ’s day , doctors would simply ask their patients to respond , perhaps by opening their eyes .
A lack of response was taken as a sign of unconsciousness .
Many modern anesthesiologists talk to their patients , but judging the response is made more complicated by the muscle relaxants that they also use .
Sometimes the anesthesiologist will use a blood pressure cuff on a patient ’s arm to block the muscle relaxants in the bloodstream .
Then the doctor asks the patient to squeeze a hand .
This sort of test can distinguish between a patient who is awake and one who is out cold .
But at the borderline of consciousness , it is not very precise .
The inability to raise your hand , for example , does n’t necessarily mean that you are unconscious .
Even a light dose of anesthesia can interfere with your capacity to keep new pieces of information in your brain , so you may not respond to a command because you immediately forgot what you were going to do .
On the other hand , squeezing an anesthesiologist ’s hand may not mean you ’re wide awake .
Some patients who can squeeze a hand will later have no memory of being aware .
Seeking a more reliable measuring stick , some researchers have started measuring brain waves .
When you are awake , your brain produces fast , small waves of electrical activity .
When you are under total anesthesia , your brain waves become deep and slow .
If you get enough of certain anesthetics , your brain waves eventually go flat .
Most anesthesiologists monitor their patients using a machine known as a bispectral index monitor , which reads brain waves from electrodes on a patient ’s scalp and produces a score from 100 to 0 .
But these machines are n’t precise either .
Sometimes patients who register as unconscious can still squeeze a hand on command .
The problem with all these methods is that anesthesiologists do n’t really know what it is they are trying to measure .
So Alkire and other scientists are using neuroimaging to peer into the anesthetized brain to see what happens when it succumbs .
In a typical experiment , a volunteer lies in an fMRI brain scanner , which can measure the amount of oxygen used in different parts of the brain .
A researcher gives the volunteer anesthesia and measures how those brain regions respond .
Such studies find that the entire brain powers down on anesthesia , its activity dropping between 30 and 60 percent .
The results are somewhat ambiguous , since brain regions respond differently to different drugs .
But one region consistently becomes quieter than average : a grape - size cluster of neurons almost dead center in the brain known as the thalamus .
Is the thalamus the brain ’s power switch ?
It certainly has the right stuff for the job .
A thicket of neurons sprout from the thalamus and branch across the cortex , the outer layer of the brain where we interpret the information from our senses and make decisions , then back into the thalamus .
As the brain ’s sensory relay station , the thalamus is responsible for sending rousing signals to the cortex when we wake up from ordinary sleep .
In 2007 Alkire and his collaborators probed the role of the thalamus by putting rats in a box flooded with anesthetics , which caused the animals to keel over .
If Alkire and his colleagues then injected a tiny dose of nicotine into the thalamus , the rats immediately came to and stayed conscious even as they continued to inhale the anesthetics .
Yet studies on patients with Parkinson ’s disease show that the thalamus cannot completely explain how anesthesia works .
Surgeons can treat Parkinson ’s by implanting electrodes deep inside the brain .
These electrodes release pulses of current to tamp down the wild movements associated with the disease .
Lionel Velly , an anesthesiologist at Mediterranean University in Marseille , France , ran an experiment in which he used the electrodes in the other direction , to record electrical activity in the brain .
In a second surgical procedure less than a week after the brain surgery , Velly and his colleagues took readings from the deep - brain electrodes in 25 patients while also collecting electrode readings from their scalp .
The scalp recordings let the scientists monitor the cortex , while the deep - brain electrodes let them monitor the thalamus .
Velly ’s team found that the cortex started producing deep , slow waves as soon as patients became unresponsive .
The thalamus , on the other hand , did n’t change for another 15 minutes .
The pattern Velly saw was the reverse of what you would expect if the thalamus were the brain ’s master switch .
The secret of anesthesia may lie not in any single clump of neurons but in the conversations taking place between many clumps in the brain .
Giulio Tononi , a University of Wisconsin neuroscientist , suggests that the secret of anesthesia may not in fact lie in any single clump of neurons .
It may lie instead in the conversations that take place between many clumps in the brain .
Normally information from our senses races from one region of the cortex to another , getting processed in different ways in each place .
Some regions help us recognize faces in a scene , for example , while other regions help us figure out what emotions those faces are expressing .
The sensory signals travel through a mass transit system made up of long branches of neurons that crisscross the brain .
This system has a few hubs through which many connections pass .
One is the thalamus , but certain parts of the cortex also serve as hubs .
Although the brain may become less active under anesthesia , it usually does n’t shut down completely ( if it did , we would die ) .
In fact , when scientists played a tone into the ears of an anesthetized cat , its cortex still produced strong bursts of electricity .
But its responses were different from those of a waking cat .
In an anesthetized cat , the brain responds the same way to any sound , with a noisy crackle of neurons .
In a waking cat , the response is complex :
One brain region after another responds as the animal processes the sound , and different sounds produce different responses .
It ’s as if the waking brain produces a unique melody , whereas the anesthetized brain can produce only a blast of sound or no sound at all .
Tononi suggests that this change happens because anesthesia interferes with the brain ’s mass transit system .
Individual parts of the cortex can still respond to a stimulus .
But the brain ca n’t move these signals around to other parts to create a single unified experience .
Tononi argues that the difference between brain music and brain noise defines the very nature of consciousness .
Consciousness is the brain ’s ability to be in a complex state , even in response to a simple stimulus like a tone .
The vast number of different states our brains can enter when we are aware gives consciousness its marvelously rich feeling .
In order to produce those states , the brain needs lots of neural elements that are active and able to respond , as well as the mass transit system that links them all together .
Working from this hypothesis , Tononi and his colleagues are trying to develop tools that can monitor levels of consciousness in anesthetized patients .
They are also developing software to measure the complexity of the brain ’s responses to stimuli .
If Tononi ’s idea is correct , anesthesiologists may be moving toward being able to gauge consciousness much as doctors gauge a patient ’s temperature with a thermometer .
Perhaps some of the mystery of consciousness itself — a question that has vexed philosophers for centuries — will be solved on the operating table .
TAXPAYER TEA PARTIES ALL ACROSS AMERICA
By Margaret Goodwin
April 5 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Have you had enough taxation , regulation , over - spending , over - borrowing , bailouts , stimulus packages , and redistribution of wealth ?
How well is your government serving you ?
• Our elected representatives are gutting our economy with irresponsible borrowing and spending for Toxic Asset Relief Programs , bailouts , and stimulus packages that benefit their major campaign contributors at your expense .
• They 're diluting all of our savings , income , and retirement funds by printing up trillions of dollars of toilet - paper currency , leading to hyper- inflation and the devaluation of every dollar you own or earn .
• They 're mortgaging our nation to China and other foreign powers , and indenturing our children and grandchildren to pay off the astronomical debt they 're incurring in our name .
• They 're driving the industries that sustain our economy off - shore through prohibitively expensive and increasingly restrictive regulation , ostensibly to protect " the environment " and prevent " climate change . "
• They 're establishing a whole new elite class of government employees who produce nothing , but are compensated more highly than the private sector can afford to match , and are paid at the expense of the taxpayers .
• They created this economic crisis by establishing social engineering as economic policy , and now they 're pretending to get us out of it the same way they got us into it -- by loosening up credit , promoting risk - free mortgages for those who still can't afford to buy homes , and investing our money in the same toxic assets that are threatening the world economy !
On top of that , they plan to expand entitlement programs , under the misguided belief that government should provide for everybody who can't or wo n't provide for themselves -- at the expense of those who do .
They believe they need to pass even more laws to protect us from ourselves .
States are drafting new regulations to determine how we can and can't use our private property .
And , at every level , they 're absolutely convinced that they know how to spend our money better than we do .
If the founding fathers could have even imagined the plethora of laws , regulations , ordinances , taxes , licenses , permits , fees , etc. that we are subject to today , and which are constantly increasing , they would roll over in their graves .
Yet our current administration , and Congress , seem to believe we do not have enough government .
They want to see government expanded at an even greater rate than it 's already expanding .
One has to wonder what these people think the ultimate role of government should be .
--
It 's certainly a far cry from what our founding fathers intended .
If you 've had enough , and you 're ready to stand up and send a message to your legislators that their days in office are numbered unless they STOP THE SPENDING , STOP THE BORROWING , STOP THE TAXING , STOP THE PORK - PADDING , and STOP REGULATING OUR ECONOMY INTO INSOLVENCY , find your nearest Taxpayer Tea Party and join us in protest on April 15 .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
It 's time to take a stand against overtaxation and overregulation .
Please join me , and millions of others , in telling our government Get Your Hand Out of My Pocket and Leave Me Alone !
To find the Taxpayer Tea Party nearest you , click here .
While Columbia Pictures already has an October 9th release planned for Ruben Fleischer ’s Zombieland , filming is still underway in Georgia where an open casting call has been made for zombie extras .
If you want to find your way into this attraction click here ( do n’t forget to e-mail us from set ! )
The film starring Woody Harrelson and Jesse Eisenberg centers on the most frightened guy on Earth who leads a motley crew of survivors in a world overrun by zombies .
Title refers to an old funeral home that is turned into a morbid attraction called Zombieland .
Introduction
I ’ve been using Python in a large - scale , high - throughput , high - availability network application .
Scalability is an issue :
We ultimately have to be able to process a large number of requests a second .
The JVM seems easier to scale than CPython , at least for what we ’re doing ; it has real threads , for instance , instead of the crippled threading in CPython .
But our code base is already large , it ’s almost entirely Python , and it makes heavy use of the Twisted Python libraries .
This article describes a small series of benchmarks I ran , to test how many requests per second I could process using deliberately naive servers written in Python and Scala .
I chose Scala , rather than Java , because :
Like Java , Scala compiles directly to JVM byte code .
The Scala language is , in my opinion , a much better language than Java .
( Having written Java exclusively for nearly nine years , I have some experience on which to base that assessment . )
It ’s easier and faster to write concurrent programs using the Scala Actor library than it is to use the java.util.concurrent library .
These test programs are deliberately simple - minded .
They accept incoming socket connections and send back canned HTTP results .
The Programs
I wrote six programs :
A Scala server that dispatches each incoming connection to a pool of actors .
A simple Python TCP server , written using the popular Twisted Python framework ’s twisted .
internet API .
API .
A Twisted - based Python web server written using Twisted ’s twisted .
web framework , which provides a complete web server framework .
framework , which provides a complete web server framework .
A Python TCP server that uses a Python Actor library called dramatis .
The dramatis framework is still alpha-quality , so its inclusion here is dubious .
However , I included it primarily because it allowed for an easy translation from the Scala Actor - based server to a Python Actor - based server .
A Python server that uses the standard Python SocketServer API .
A Python server that uses fapws3 , a web server framework based on libev .
The Twisted servers both use a special ReactorFinder module that attempts to find the best Twisted reactor module for the platform .
For Linux , where I ran my tests , that ’s the epoll reactor .
The programs are deliberately unoptimized .
I ’m sure I could get better performance by profiling and optimizing each one , but my goal was to see which server worked better without tuning .
The pre-tuning benchmarks for these servers provide an interesting basis for comparing the platforms .
Of course , I ’m sure plenty of people will find fault with this comparison .
If you ’re one of them , then feel free to comment on this article .
( Try to keep it civil . )
Or , better yet , do your own comparisons and publish your results .
You can download the programs from the following links :
scalaserver.scala , the Scala Actor - based server .
rawserver.py , the simple Twisted Python TCP server .
webserver.py , the Twisted Python Web - based server .
actorserver.py , the dramatis Actor - based Python server .
socketserver.py , the Socket - Server - based Python server .
fapws_server.py , the fapws3 Python server .
The Test Environment
I ran these tests on a Dell Vostro 1700 laptop with two 2.2GHz Intel CPUs and 3 Gb of RAM .
The laptop runs Ubuntu 8.10 ( Intrepid Ibex ) .
I used Python 2.5.2 , Scala 2.7.3 , and the Sun Java 1.6.0_10 - b33 runtime .
For each server , I used the ApacheBench HTTP benchmarking tool , running it as follows :
ab -c 1000 -n 100000 http://localhost:9999 /
That is , it issued 100,000 HTTP “ GET ” requests , 1,000 requests at a time , using the loopback device .
I did not specify -k ( KeepAlive ) , because most of our production servers are using HTTP between servers , and the servers making the requests are n’t using KeepAlive .
( Besides , most of my test servers do n’t honor KeepAlive . )
Before running each test , I ran a few thousand requests through the server before running ab .
For the Scala server , this “ priming of the pump ” allows the HotSpot compiler to profile and optimize the running server .
For the Python servers , it likely does nothing at all .
The Results
Here are some of the data from the ab runs , ranked from most requests / second to least .
Server Mean requests per second
Time per request ( ms ) Percentage of requests served within a certain time ( ms ) 50 % 75 % 90 % 100 % ( longest ) Scala server 6,220 160.8 81 119 152 9,087 fapws3 - based server 5,733 174.4 20 20 22 16,644 Python `SocketServer` - based server 4,761 202.2 1 1 2 15,819 Twisted Python TCP server 3,173 315.1 39 51 53 22,673 twisted.web` server 1,727 578.9 83 93 94 45,111 Python actor - based server 1,290 776.3 543 1700 841 93,648
From these results , the JVM seems to be the clear winner .
fapws3 is the next - fastest server , which is no surprise , since the largest part of the fapws3 package is written in C and uses epoll and libev .
The Twisted - based servers are surprisingly slow in comparison –which is a shame , since that ’s what we ’re currently using .
However , moving to fapws3 should not be too difficult .
Ultimately , I ’d like to be using Scala :
It ’s fast , it ’s type - safe .
and it runs on the JVM ( where Hotspot kicks butt ) .
But given an already large Python code base , fapws3 is looking promising .
[ EDIT ]
More Results
50 Requests / Second
On the theory that 1,000 requests per second might be introducing contention , I ran the same tests with 50 requests per second .
That is , I used the following ab command line :
ab -c 50 -n 100000 http://localhost:9999 /
The results were interesting :
Server Mean requests per second
Time per request ( ms ) Percentage of requests served within a certain time ( ms ) 50 % 75 % 90 % 100 % ( longest ) Scala server 7,258 6.9 6 7 8 172 fapws3 - based server 6,132 8.2 8 8 12 39 Python `SocketServer` - based server 4,762 10.5 1 1 2 20,997 Twisted Python TCP server 3,230 15.5 16 51 16 61 twisted.web` server 1,732 28.9 30 30 30 77 Python actor - based server 816 61.2 56 84 93 3,310`
For the Scala and fapws3 servers , reducing the number of concurrent connections to 50 increased the total requests / second served .
For the Python Actor - based server , it reduced the total .
The change had a negligible effect on the other servers .
Sleeping Dog Runs into Wall
Some on get this dog a helmet !
The classic internet video of the sleeping dog that runs into a wall .
Sound asleep , this dog starts dreaming , then kicking his legs until he eventually gets up and runs straight into the nearest wall .
And a star ( and headache ) is born .
Police Solve " Ghostly " Missing Truck MysteryLAGUNA
BEACH , Calif . --
Police used surveillance video to solve the case of a missing truck .
The mystery began when Michael Otero exited a Laguna Beach convenience store to find an empty parking spot where he had parked his pickup truck .
" It 's almost like a ghost , " Otero told the Orange County Register newspaper .
Investigators expected to find video of the thief on the store 's surveillance video .
Instead , the video shows
Otero 's truck as it slowly rolls from the parking spot in reverse and into a nearby parking structure .
The truck was hidden from Otero 's view when he left the store .
It came to a stop in a vacant parking spot after scraping a wall and concrete barrier .
" I'm just cracking up , " he told the Register .
" I just thank God it did n't hurt anyone .
" The newspaper reported that the truck sustained minor damage .
Otero told the newspaper that the parking brake was engaged and the manual shift was in gear .
The newspaper reported that Otero plans to have a mechanic examine the vehicle
Alternatives to SQL Databases
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
Traditional SQL databases with " ACID " properties ( Atomicity , Consistency , Isolation and Durability ) give strong guarantees about what happens when data is stored and retrieved .
These guarantees make it easier for application developers , freeing them from thinking about exactly how the data is stored and indexed , or even which database is running .
However , these guarantees come with a cost .
Bob Ippolito presented a talk titled " Drop ACID and think about data " at PyCon 2009 , which gave an overview of number of non-traditional databases .
These alternatives compromise one or more of the ACID properties and expose the particulars of that data store 's implementation in exchange for improved performance or scalability .
Each also has its own limitations .
This article will look at the more mature open source options Ippolito mentioned .
A number of companies have developed their own in - house data stores , including Amazon 's Dynamo and Google 's Bigtable .
While none of the open source options are exactly like Dynamo or Bigtable , there are a number of high - performance , reliable and scalable options available .
Alternative Database Language Support * means language support is pending Cassandra : C++ , C# , Java , Perl , Python , PHP , Erlang , Ruby Memcached : C/C++ , C# , Java , Perl , Python , PHP , Ruby , Lua , OCaml , Common LISP Tokyo Cabinet : C/C++ , Java , Perl , Ruby , Lua Redis : C/C++ , Java* , Perl , Python , PHP , Erlang , Ruby , Lua , Tcl CouchDB : C# , Java , Perl , Python , PHP , Erlang , Ruby , Haskell , JavaScript , Common LISP MongoDB : C++ , Java , Python , PHP , Erlang* , Ruby
Cassandra
Cassandra is a data store written in Java that was open - sourced by Facebook and is now part of the Apache Incubator .
Cassandra was originally designed to solve Facebook 's in - box searching problem .
Email reverse indexes were growing much faster than their databases could keep up with and they needed a affordable way to continue to grow .
Cassandra is designed to scale inexpensively with commodity networking equipment and servers , possibly in multiple data centers .
Scalability and high availability are achieved by automatically " sharding " and replicating data across the servers and data centers .
A single Cassandra instance stores a single table , and each row is accessed with a key string .
Every row of this table can have its own structure , storing a huge number of ( key , value , time - stamp ) tuples and / or nested columns .
This makes Cassandra much more flexible than a simple key - value store , but not as general as a document database .
Although in heavy use by Facebook , Cassandra is early in development and still lacks some polish and documentation .
Memcached
Perhaps the simplest key - value store is Memcached .
Memcached is widely used to to speed up web applications by caching dynamic content .
Part or all of the web pages are served from the cache instead of generating them at each request .
Unlike in - process or shared memory caches , Memcached listens on a network socket and can be shared by many servers .
Memcached may also be run on multiple servers and it will spread the keys across those servers and transparently fall back to servers that are still available when one goes down .
Memcached keys and values are always strings .
In addition to storing , retrieving and deleting values , it allows atomic appending / prepending string data to stored values and addition to / subtraction from 64 - bit integer values stored as decimal strings .
Memcached 's data store is a fixed size and resides entirely in - memory .
Data may be stored with an expiration time .
Memcached will actively throw out data when the cache is full or when the data is set to expire .
Tokyo Cabinet
For a key - value data store that wo n't throw out data , Tokyo Cabinet is a good choice .
Like Berkeley DB , it uses either a hash table , B+ tree or a array of fixed - length records to store data on disk , but Tokyo Cabinet performs better and is thread safe .
Tokyo Cabinet also promises to never corrupt data even in a " catastrophic situation " .
Tokyo Cabinet is actively maintained , and data stored is not limited by system RAM .
Tokyo Cabinet clients are separated into readers and writers .
When a writer is accessing the database all other clients are blocked .
This will result in poor performance for write - heavy workloads .
Tokyo Cabinet supports appending data to values stored .
When using a B + tree layout Tokyo Cabinet provides a cursor object to efficiently move forward and backward through the keys .
B+ tree pages may also be compressed on disk with zlib or bzip2 .
Compressing data not only saves disk space , but can also increase performance on I /O - bound systems .
Redis
Redis is a disk - backed , in - memory key - value store with a number of additional features .
Redis supports master - slave replication for redundancy , but not sharding , so all data must fit in a single system 's RAM .
Redis values may be binary strings , lists or sets .
Redis provides atomic addition to / subtraction from integer values stored as decimal strings and push / pop / replacement of values in lists .
The intersection of set values stored may also be calculated .
Redis can asynchronously save the database on request by forking the server process and writing out data in the background .
The last successful save time may be queried to check when the changes have made it to disk .
This design allows for good performance with the ability to save data when it makes sense for the particular application , but the application is responsible to make sure data is properly saved .
When using any key - value store as a cache care must be taken to invalidate values when the data changes or inconsistency will be introduced .
Choosing a memory - only cache will be faster once it is populated , but there is a cost associated with filling an empty cache on restart .
Key - Value stores are ideal for storing data that is not deeply nested and does not require complicated locking .
CouchDB
Document databases are designed to store large blocks of semi-structured data .
The data is not restricted to a particular schema , so new versions of data can be stored alongside old versions without the need for migrations .
Documents can be very large and deeply nested .
CouchDB is a JSON - based document database written in Erlang .
CouchDB gives access to the database over HTTP with a RESTful API .
Views of the database may be created on demand using Javascript to collect and filter document contents and are updated as documents change .
Indexes are not maintained outside of views , so there is a start - up cost associated with constructing a new view .
CouchDB documents are stored with a sequence number and are never overwritten , this way partial writes will never result in data corruption .
Readers are never blocked by writers and will always see a consistent snapshot of the database while reading data .
The data is periodically compacted by writing out a new data file and deleting the original once it is no longer being accessed .
CouchDB uses peer based asynchronous replication .
Documents may be updated on any peer , allowing for good write throughput .
Conflicts will occur when two clients update the same document , and multiple conflicting documents may coexist in the database .
A deterministic method is used to decide which document will be treated as the latest version .
This lets CouchDB leave conflict resolution to the application .
Once a conflict is resolved the new version is stored in the database as usual .
MongoDB
MongoDB is a document database written in C++.
MongoDB uses a binary - encoded JSON format that shrinks the data size and allows for faster searching and indexing .
Large binary data , such as video files , can also be stored more efficiently in this format .
Data is updated in place and MongoDB will automatically run a repair procedure on the database in the event of an unclean shutdown .
MongoDB documents may be nested or include references to other documents .
References will be replaced with the value of the referenced document when queried .
MongoDB supports persistent single or compound key indexes .
Indexes are implemented as B - Trees and queries will automatically take advantage of all indexes available .
Queries may include common conditional operators , membership testing and values in embedded documents .
MongoDB has auto - sharding support , splitting documents across many servers so that data stored is not limited by the capacity of a single server .
MongoDB also supports asynchronous replication for high availability .
Choosing a Data Store
The best data store for an application depends in large part on how deeply nested the values stored will be .
If the application needs to only store strings and integers then a simple key - value store like Memcached , Tokyo Cabinet or Redis would be best .
If the values can be represented as lists and sets of simple values then Tokyo Cabinet , Redis or Cassandra would be good options .
If the application needs nested lists and hashes then choose Cassandra , CouchDB or MongoDB .
Finally , if the values contain deeply nested data then only a document database like CouchDB or MongoDB will do .
Once a data store has been chosen and and the application optimized for it , switching to a completely different API will not be easy .
It is worth investing time evaluating the remaining options by writing code to simulate the application 's usage patterns before making a choice .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 March 21
Explanation : Scanning the entire sky in gamma-rays , photons with over 50 million times the energy of visible light , the Fermi mission 's Large Area Telescope ( LAT ) explores the high - energy universe .
This all - sky map constructed from 3 months of LAT observations ( August 4 to October 30 , 2008 ) represents a deeper , better - resolved view of the gamma - ray sky than any previous space mission .
What shines in Fermi 's gamma - ray sky ?
A new paper describes the 205 brightest gamma-ray sources , but this map highlights a Fermi " top ten " list of five sources within , and five sources that lie beyond our Milky Way Galaxy .
Within our galaxy : the Sun traces a faint arc across the map between the observation dates , LSI +61 303 is an X - ray binary star about 6,500 light - years away , PSR J1836+5925 is a type of pulsar ( spinning neutron star ) that is only seen to pulse at gamma-ray energies , and 47 Tuc is a globular star cluster some 15,000 light - years away .
A fifth galactic source ( unidentified ) , just above the center of the galactic plane , is intriguing because it is a variable source and has no clear counterpart at other wavelengths .
Beyond our galaxy : NGC 1275 is a large galaxy at the heart of the Perseus galaxy cluster some 233 million light - years away , while 3C 454.3 , PKS 1502+106 , and PKS 0727 - 115 are active galaxies billions of light - years distant .
Another unidentified source , seen below the galactic plane , is likely beyond the boundaries of the Milky Way .
Its nature remains a mystery .
• Payouts running at about half the level of last year • ' Alarming ' figures show no awareness of crisis – Cable
City bankers are to reap nearly £ 7bn in bonuses this spring even though the government has been forced to pump tens of billions into the banks to prevent them collapsing .
Analysis of preliminary pay data from the Office for National Statistics shows that in the first three months of the bonus season to February the financial sector has shared out £ 5 bn in bonuses , half the level of the same period last year .
Extrapolating that to the full five months of the bonus season to April means payouts will be between £ 6.5 bn and £ 7bn , compared with £ 13.7 bn last year .
" These figures are alarming and show a complete lack of awareness in the City of the extent of the financial crisis , their role in creating it and the extent to which they are ultimately answerable to the taxpayer , " said the Liberal Democrats '
Treasury spokesman , Vince Cable .
" It would be outrageous if taxpayer - supported institutions are handing out large bonuses , particularly at a time when hundreds of thousands of people are losing their jobs . "
In last week 's budget , Alistair Darling , revealed that borrowing would surge to £ 175 bn this year as a result of the credit crunch and the country faced nearly a decade of rising taxes and big cuts in public spending to pay for the recession and bank bailouts .
The TUC general secretary , Brendan Barber , said : " Given the havoc that the City has wreaked on our economy , pegging back bonuses to a mere £ 7bn a year falls short of the value for money taxpayers should expect after bailing out the banks . "
In 2008 , bonuses suffered their first fall in five years as the early months of the credit crunch took their toll – but the fall was small , to £ 13.7 bn from £ 14.1 bn in 2007 , after a 30 % rise from 2006 .
The low point in recent years was £ 5.2bn in 2003 , as the financial sector recovered from the dotcom bust in the stockmarket .
This year 's payout will be broadly similar to that of 2004 , when financial markets were in good shape .
Averaged across the whole of financial services , the bonuses would amount to £ 6,500 to £ 7,000 a head , but payouts are not evenly distributed .
The City bonus pile works out at close to half the total of £ 12bn handed out across the whole economy between December and February .
The Bank of England governor , Mervyn King , recently told the Treasury select committee ( CBI ) : " The real debate is how on earth was it that at the time shareholders , boards , the financial press , all thought it was a great idea to reward people in this way .
These bonuses were absolutely astronomic . "
He called bonuses " a form of compensation that rewarded gamblers if they won the gamble but there was no loss if you lost it " .
A CBI spokesperson said : " Bonuses given for hard work and success are not a problem .
But the link between incentives and long - term performance needs to be strengthened . "
We are The Free and The Unashamed Share This :
link back to this site , however , because I intend to provide updates with anything else I receive from The Free and The Unashamed ... including whatever contact information I receive permission to circulate .
= A Declaration of Separation =
==== To The Governments & People of Earth : ====
We claim the right to exist , and we will defend it .
We do not seek to overthrow anything .
We do not seek to control anything .
We merely wish to be left alone .
All we ever wanted was to live in peace with our friends and neighbors .
For a long , long time we bore insults to our liberty ; we took blows , we did what we could to avoid injury and we worked through the system to get the offenses to stop .
That has now changed .
We no longer see any benefit in working through the worldâ€™s systems .
At some point , working within a system becomes cowardly and immoral ; for us , that point has arrived .
Regardless of the parties in power , their governments have continued to restrict , restrain and punish us .
We hereby reject them all .
We hereby withdraw from them all .
We hold the ruling states of this world and all that appertains to them to be self - serving and opposed to humanity .
We now withdraw our obedience and reclaim the right to strike back when struck .
We will not initiate force , but we do reserve the right to answer it .
We did not choose this â€ “ it was forced upon us .
==== To The Governments of Earth : ====
You are building cages for all that is human .
In the name of protection , you have intruded into all areas of human life , far exceeding the reach of any Caesar .
You claim ultimate control of our property and our decisions , of our travels and even our identities .
You claim ownership of humanity far beyond the dreams of any Emperor of any previous era .
Understand clearly :
We reject your authority and we reject your legitimacy .
We do not believe that you have any right to do the things you do .
You have massive power , but no right to impose it upon us and no legitimacy .
We have forsaken you .
We are no longer your citizens or your subjects .
Your systems are inherently anti-human , even if all their operators are not .
We are not merely angry young people .
We are fathers and mothers ; aunts , uncles and grandparents ; we are business owners and trusted employees ; we are mechanics and engineers and farmers .
We are nurses and accountants and students and executives .
We are on every continent .
This is not a burst of outrage ; this is a sober declaration that we no longer accept unearned suffering as our role in life .
For long decades we sat quietly , hoping that things would turn around .
We took no actions ; we suffered along with everyone else .
But after having our limits pushed back again and again , we have given up on your systems .
If our fellow inhabitants of this planet wish to accept your rule , they are free to do so .
We will not try to stop them .
We , however , will no longer accept your constraints upon us .
From now on , when you hurt us , we will bite back .
If you leave us alone we will leave you alone and you can continue to rule your subjects .
We are happy to live quietly .
But if you come after us , there will be consequences .
You caused this because of your fetish for control and power .
The chief men and women among you are pathologically driven to control everyone and everything that moves upon this planet .
You have made yourselves the judge of every human activity .
No god -king of the ancient world ever had the power that your systems do .
You have created a world where only the neutered are safe and where only outlaws are free .
==== To The People of Earth : ====
We seek nothing from you .
We do not want to rule you and we do not want to control you .
All we wish is to live on earth in peace .
As always , we will be helpful neighbors and generous acquaintances .
We will remain honest business partners and trustworthy employees .
We will continue to be loving parents and respectful children .
We will not , however , be sacrificial animals .
We reject the idea that others have a right to our lives and our property .
We will not demand anything from you , and we will no longer acquiesce to any demands upon us .
We have left that game .
We reject all obligations to any person or organization beyond honesty , fair dealing and a respect for human life .
We will shortly explain what we believe , but we are not demanding that you agree with us .
All we ask is that you do not try to stop us .
Continue to play the game if you wish ; we will not try to disrupt it .
We have merely walked away from it .
We wish you peace .
==== To Those Who Will Condemn Us : ====
We will ignore you .
We welcome and seek the verdict of a just God , before whom we are willing to expose our innermost thoughts .
Are you similarly willing ?
We would stand openly before all mankind if it were not suicidal .
Perhaps some day we will have to accept slaughter for our crime of independence , but not yet .
Your criticism and your malice are much deeper than mere disagreements of strategy or philosophy .
You do not oppose our philosophy , you oppose our existence .
Our presence in the world means that your precious ideals are false .
Some of you would rather kill us than face the loss of your ideologies , just as those like you have either hated or killed every sufficiently independent human .
You present yourselves to the world as compassionate , tolerant and enlightened , but we know that your smooth words are costumes .
Oh yes , we know you , servant of the state ; donâ€™t forget , we were raised with you .
We played with you in the schoolyard , we sat next to you in the classroom .
Some of us studied at the same elite universities .
We watched as you had your first tastes of power .
We were the boys and girls standing next to you .
Some of us were your first victims .
We are not fooled by your carefully crafted public image .
==== What We Believe ====
#1 : Many humans resent the responsibilities that are implied by consciousness .
We accept those responsibilities and we embrace consciousness .
Rather than letting things happen to us ( avoiding consciousness ) , we accept consciousness and choose to act in our own interest .
We do not seek the refuge of blaming others , neither do we take refuge in crowds .
We are willing to act on our personal judgment , and we are willing to accept the consequences thereof .
# 2 : We believe in negative rights for all :
That all humans should be free to do whatever they wish , as long as they do not intrude upon others ; that no man has a right to the life , liberty or property of another ; that we oppose aggression , fraud and coercion .
# 3 : We do not believe that our way of life , or any other , will make life perfect or trouble - free .
We expect crime and disagreements and ugliness , and we are prepared to deal with them .
We do not seek a strongman to step in and solve problems for us .
We agree to see to them ourselves .
# 4 : We believe in free and unhindered commerce .
So long as exchanges are voluntary and honest , no other party has a right to intervene â€ “ before , during or after .
# 5 : We believe that all individuals should keep their agreements .
# 6 : We believe that honestly obtained property is fully legitimate and absolute .
# 7 : We believe that some humans are evil and that they must be faced and dealt with .
We accept the fact that this is a difficult area of life .
# 8 : We believe that humans can self - organize effectively .
We expect them to cooperate .
We reject impositions of hierarchy and organization .
# 9 : We believe that all humans are to be held as equals in all matters regarding justice .
# 10 : We believe that the more a man or woman cares about right and wrong , the more of a threat he or she is perceived to be by governments .
# 11 : We believe that there are only two true classes of human beings :
Those who wish to exercise power upon others - either directly or through intermediaries - and those who have no such desires .
# 12 : Large organizations and centralization are inherently anti-human .
They must rely upon rules rather than principles , treating humans within the organization as obedient tools .
==== Our Plans : ====
We are building our own society .
We will supplement traditional tools with networking , cryptography , sound money , digital currency and anonymous messaging .
Our society will not be centrally controlled .
It will rely solely on voluntary arrangements .
We welcome others to join us .
We are looking for people who are independent creators of value , people who act more than talk , and people who do the right thing because it is the right thing .
We will develop our own methods of dealing with injustice , built on the principles of negative rights , restitution , integrity and equal justice .
We do not forbid anyone from having one foot in each realm - ours and the old realm - although we demand that they do no damage to our realm .
We are fully opposed to any use of our realm to facilitate crime in the old realm , such as the hiding of criminal proceeds .
We expect to be loudly condemned , libeled and slandered by the authorities of the old regime .
We expect them to defend their power and their image of legitimacy with all means available to them .
We expect that many gullible and servile people will believe these lies , at least at first .
We will consider traps laid for us to be criminal offenses .
Any who wish to join us are encouraged to distribute this declaration , to act in furtherance of our new society , to voluntarily excel in virtues and to communicate and cooperate with other members of the new society .
Free , unashamed men can not be ruled .
We are The Free and The Unashamed .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
We seek nothing from you .
We do not want to rule you and we do not want to control you .
All we wish is to live on earth in peace .
As always , we will be helpful neighbors and generous acquaintances .
We will remain honest business partners and trustworthy employees .
We will continue to be loving parents and respectful children .
We will not , however , be sacrificial animals .
We reject the idea that others have a right to our lives and our property .
We will not demand anything from you , and we will no longer acquiesce to any demands upon us .
We have left that game .
We reject all obligations to any person or organization beyond honesty , fair dealing and a respect for human life .
We will shortly explain what we believe , but we are not demanding that you agree with us .
All we ask is that you do not try to stop us .
Continue to play the game if you wish ; we will not try to disrupt it .
We have merely walked away from it .
We wish you peace .
We will ignore you .
We welcome and seek the verdict of a just God , before whom we are willing to expose our innermost thoughts .
Are you similarly willing ?
We would stand openly before all mankind if it were not suicidal .
Perhaps some day we will have to accept slaughter for our crime of independence , but not yet .
Your criticism and your malice are much deeper than mere disagreements of strategy or philosophy .
You do not oppose our philosophy , you oppose our existence .
Our presence in the world means that your precious ideals are false .
Some of you would rather kill us than face the loss of your ideologies , just as those like you have either hated or killed every sufficiently independent human .
You present yourselves to the world as compassionate , tolerant and enlightened , but we know that your smooth words are costumes .
Oh yes , we know you , servant of the state ; donâ€™t forget , we were raised with you .
We played with you in the schoolyard , we sat next to you in the classroom .
Some of us studied at the same elite universities .
We watched as you had your first tastes of power .
We were the boys and girls standing next to you .
Some of us were your first victims .
We are not fooled by your carefully crafted public image .
#1 : Many humans resent the responsibilities that are implied by consciousness .
We accept those responsibilities and we embrace consciousness .
Rather than letting things happen to us ( avoiding consciousness ) , we accept consciousness and choose to act in our own interest .
We do not seek the refuge of blaming others , neither do we take refuge in crowds .
We are willing to act on our personal judgment , and we are willing to accept the consequences thereof .
#2 : We believe in negative rights for all :
That all humans should be free to do whatever they wish , as long as they do not intrude upon others ; that no man has a right to the life , liberty or property of another ; that we oppose aggression , fraud and coercion .
#3 : We do not believe that our way of life , or any other , will make life perfect or trouble - free .
We expect crime and disagreements and ugliness , and we are prepared to deal with them .
We do not seek a strongman to step in and solve problems for us .
We agree to see to them ourselves .
#4 : We believe in free and unhindered commerce .
So long as exchanges are voluntary and honest , no other party has a right to intervene â€ “ before , during or after .
#5 : We believe that all individuals should keep their agreements .
#6 : We believe that honestly obtained property is fully legitimate and absolute .
#7 : We believe that some humans are evil and that they must be faced and dealt with .
We accept the fact that this is a difficult area of life .
#8 : We believe that humans can self - organize effectively .
We expect them to cooperate .
We reject impositions of hierarchy and organization .
#9 : We believe that all humans are to be held as equals in all matters regarding justice .
#10 : We believe that the more a man or woman cares about right and wrong , the more of a threat he or she is perceived to be by governments .
# 11 : We believe that there are only two true classes of human beings :
Those who wish to exercise power upon others - either directly or through intermediaries - and those who have no such desires .
# 12 : Large organizations and centralization are inherently anti-human .
They must rely upon rules rather than principles , treating humans within the organization as obedient tools .
We are building our own society .
We will supplement traditional tools with networking , cryptography , sound money , digital currency and anonymous messaging .
Our society will not be centrally controlled .
It will rely solely on voluntary arrangements .
We welcome others to join us .
We are looking for people who are independent creators of value , people who act more than talk , and people who do the right thing because it is the right thing .
We will develop our own methods of dealing with injustice , built on the principles of negative rights , restitution , integrity and equal justice .
We do not forbid anyone from having one foot in each realm - ours and the old realm - although we demand that they do no damage to our realm .
We are fully opposed to any use of our realm to facilitate crime in the old realm , such as the hiding of criminal proceeds .
We expect to be loudly condemned , libeled and slandered by the authorities of the old regime .
We expect them to defend their power and their image of legitimacy with all means available to them .
We expect that many gullible and servile people will believe these lies , at least at first .
We will consider traps laid for us to be criminal offenses .
Any who wish to join us are encouraged to distribute this declaration , to act in furtherance of our new society , to voluntarily excel in virtues and to communicate and cooperate with other members of the new society .
Free , unashamed men can not be ruled .
We are The Free and The Unashamed .
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Wednesday 08 April 2009 - 04:00:00 - Permalink I received the following Declaration from an anonymous source .
It is a declaration of separation from all governments and from all people who wish to control others .
I encourage readers to post links to this Declaration far and wide .
The statement is posted here where comments are welcomed .
I request that you , however , because I intend to provide updates with anything else I receive from The Free and The Unashamed ... including whatever contact information I receive permission to circulate .
We claim the right to exist , and we will defend it .
We do not seek to overthrow anything .
We do not seek to control anything .
We merely wish to be left alone .
All we ever wanted was to live in peace with our friends and neighbors .
For a long , long time we bore insults to our liberty ; we took blows , we did what we could to avoid injury and we worked through the system to get the offenses to stop .
That has now changed .
We no longer see any benefit in working through the worldâ€™s systems .
At some point , working within a system becomes cowardly and immoral ; for us , that point has arrived .
Regardless of the parties in power , their governments have continued to restrict , restrain and punish us .
We hereby reject them all .
We hereby withdraw from them all .
We hold the ruling states of this world and all that appertains to them to be self - serving and opposed to humanity .
We now withdraw our obedience and reclaim the right to strike back when struck .
We will not initiate force , but we do reserve the right to answer it .
We did not choose this â€ “ it was forced upon us .
You are building cages for all that is human .
In the name of protection , you have intruded into all areas of human life , far exceeding the reach of any Caesar .
You claim ultimate control of our property and our decisions , of our travels and even our identities .
You claim ownership of humanity far beyond the dreams of any Emperor of any previous era .
Understand clearly :
We reject your authority and we reject your legitimacy .
We do not believe that you have any right to do the things you do .
You have massive power , but no right to impose it upon us and no legitimacy .
We have forsaken you .
We are no longer your citizens or your subjects .
Your systems are inherently anti-human , even if all their operators are not .
We are not merely angry young people .
We are fathers and mothers ; aunts , uncles and grandparents ; we are business owners and trusted employees ; we are mechanics and engineers and farmers .
We are nurses and accountants and students and executives .
We are on every continent .
This is not a burst of outrage ; this is a sober declaration that we no longer accept unearned suffering as our role in life .
For long decades we sat quietly , hoping that things would turn around .
We took no actions ; we suffered along with everyone else .
But after having our limits pushed back again and again , we have given up on your systems .
If our fellow inhabitants of this planet wish to accept your rule , they are free to do so .
We will not try to stop them .
We , however , will no longer accept your constraints upon us .
From now on , when you hurt us , we will bite back .
If you leave us alone we will leave you alone and you can continue to rule your subjects .
We are happy to live quietly .
But if you come after us , there will be consequences .
You caused this because of your fetish for control and power .
The chief men and women among you are pathologically driven to control everyone and everything that moves upon this planet .
You have made yourselves the judge of every human activity .
No god -king of the ancient world ever had the power that your systems do .
You have created a world where only the neutered are safe and where only outlaws are free .
Chatting with " friends " on social networking sites could have legal implications and turn Facebook users into their own worst enemies .
In a precedent - setting decision , a Toronto judge has ordered a man suing over injuries from a car accident to answer questions about content on his Facebook page that is off limits to the public .
Lawyers for Janice Roman , the defendant in the lawsuit , believe information posted on John Leduc 's private Facebook site – normally accessible only to his approved " friends " – may be relevant to his claim an accident in Lindsay in 2004 lessened his enjoyment of life .
As a result of the ruling by Justice David Brown of Ontario 's Superior Court of Justice , Leduc must now submit to cross-examination by Roman 's lawyers about what his Facebook page contains .
Brown's Feb. 20 ruling also makes clear that lawyers must now explain to their clients " in appropriate cases " that postings on Facebook or other networking sites – such as MySpace , LinkedIn and even blogs – may be relevant to allegations in a lawsuit , said Tariq Remtulla , a Toronto lawyer who has been following the issue .
This could easily apply in a personal injury case in which a litigant claims his or her quality of life has been affected , Remtulla said .
" If you are alleging that , as a result of an accident , you have not been able to enjoy life the same way and there is a photo taken after the accident showing you skiing or exercising ... that could be relevant , " the civil litigation and intellectual property lawyer said in an interview yesterday .
What 's on Facebook might also matter in insurance cases or family law cases where there 's a dispute over custody , Remtulla suggested .
Photos , for example , could reveal something about a parent 's living conditions .
Facebook is a free social networking website where users can set up a " personal profile " and post photos , messages , notes , music , videos and information about their interests and activities .
Users can also exercise privacy options that restrict access to authorized " friends . "
Leduc chose to limit access to his site , posting only his name and picture on his public profile .
Roman 's lawyers found out about his Facebook page in 2007 .
When they could not get access to it , they went to court , asking that he be ordered to produce its content .
Both sides in a civil lawsuit must produce any documents that could be relevant to the litigation , whether in hard copy or electronic form .
Last year , however , a Superior Court case management master dismissed the request , accusing Roman 's lawyers of going on a " fishing expedition . "
The master , Ronald Dash , was not prepared to conclude , on the basis of what little information existed on Leduc 's public Facebook profile , that what remained hidden from view was relevant .
Dash likened it to a diary or photo album .
Just because they exist does n't mean they contain relevant information , he said .
But Brown took a different view .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Facebook profiles are not designed to function as diaries ; they enable users to construct personal networks or communities of `friends ' with whom they can share information about themselves , and on which `friends ' can post information about the user , " he said .
A court can infer that Leduc 's Facebook site " likely contains some content relevant to the issue of how Mr. Leduc has been able to lead his life since the accident , " Brown said .
Brown said Leduc can't " hide behind self - set privacy controls " on a website that 's all about telling others about one 's life .
BERLIN , Jan. 13 ( UPI ) --
The German government on Tuesday unveiled the country 's largest - ever economic stimulus package to safeguard Europe 's biggest economy from a crisis Chancellor Angela Merkel says is unprecedented .
After weeks of internal bickering , Merkel 's left - right grand coalition government agreed to a stimulus package worth some $ 66 billion over two years .
It includes measures to support local businesses , stabilize the credit and banking sector , strengthen consumption and avoid job losses .
It also earmarks money for infrastructure investments ( schools , highways , Internet connections ) and cuts in taxes and health insurance levies .
Advertisement
According to Merkel , the package underscores her government 's " determination to overcome " and should help Germany " emerge stronger " from the current financial crisis .
Flanked by Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier and the head of Bavaria 's conservatives , Horst Seehofer , Merkel said Tuesday at a news conference in Berlin that the current crisis " is different from all other dents we have had so far in Germany . "
After years of economic growth and rising employment figures , the export - heavy German economy in December for the first time saw substantial job losses .
Economic institutes predict Germany will enter the worst recession since the end of World War II , and they seem to be right : Recent glimpses into the December and early January order books of German companies , Merkel said , reveal " dramatic " developments that make concerted action necessary .
" Never have I experienced globalization in such a direct and close manner , " she added .
With the package , which also includes tax cuts , Berlin gave an answer to critics across Europe who accused Merkel of not acting boldly enough in the face of the crisis .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said last month his government was working to shield Europe 's economies , while Berlin was merely thinking what to do next .
Once hailed for her hands - on approach when it comes to diplomatic disputes , Merkel was suddenly labeled " Ms. No " by the European press when she only reluctantly backed an EU - wide stimulus plan .
And at home , an initial $ 30 billion stimulus package Berlin passed last month was derided as too cautious .
Preaching fiscal sanity , Merkel in the past has denounced what she called " frantic attempts " to outbid each other with aid packages .
And she received backing from Steinmeier , who will run for chancellor against her later this year .
" When I look around Europe , I can't see that anyone else is doing more or taking better steps than we are , " Steinmeier said , adding that larger aid packages could just as well contain nonsense measures .
Berlin hopes the measures it drafted actually do help stabilize the German economy .
Merkel and Steinmeier are optimistic :
They said Tuesday that Germany , with its stable real estate market , its reasonable labor union contracts and a large number of innovative companies , was in a much better state than most other economies across Europe .
But some sectors do spark worries :
The German car industry is suffering from the lowest domestic , European and U.S. sales in nearly two decades .
Tuesday 's aid package will try to reverse that trend by handing a $ 3,300 voucher to each German who buys a low - emission car and ditches one that 's at least 10 years old .
Merkel said she might have to hold " very serious talks " with U.S. President - elect Barack Obama once he takes office , to see whether his plans to help the ailing U.S. car industry damage German automakers .
Merkel said she is worried that Germany 's industry will suffer from " competitive disadvantages " if Obama keeps the American car industry alive with " billions in taxpayers ' money . "
Hello !
365 days of cool and strange and often obscure audio selections .
Some words to describe the material featured would be ...
Celebrity , Children , Demonstration , Indigenous , Industrial , Outsider , Song - Poem , Spoken , Ventriloquism , and on and on and on .
The best thing to do is to simply listen .
Unlike a blog / journal / website consisting of one or a small group of contributors , 365 Days has over 200 people sharing from their stash of aural treasures .
This site is mirrored at UbuWeb and we thank you for downloading , listening and sharing with others this material .
Yours ,
The 365 Days Project
Theodor “ Dr. Seuss ” Geisel was a lot of wonderful things , said John Miller in National Review , but he “ certainly was n't a conservative .
' The Lorax ' is a parable of anti-capitalism and ' The Butter Battle Book ' is a peacenik 's morally equivalent take on the Cold War . ”
My favorite Dr. Seuss book , " The Sneetches , " said Jim Letzelter in the Albany , N.Y .
Times - Union , is definitely more than just " fluff and fun , " as are many of Geisel 's timeless children 's books .
" ' The Sneetches ' is not only entertaining to kids , but teaches tolerance and how to deal with racism . "
Geisel 's politics drifted leftward as he got older , said Lisa Schiffren in National Review .
But " Thidwick the Big - Hearted Moose " puts in a good word for conservatives by telling what happens to productive types who give free rides to those less responsible — and " the majority of Dr. Seuss ' work has no politics embedded " at all .
It 's hard to read anything political into lines like , " I do not like you , Sam I Am , " said the parenting blog Mom Logic .
But it 's undeniable that many Seuss works addressed social and political issues .
" The Lorax " expresses the fear that humans are destroying nature .
Geisel would have been 105 on March 2 , but many readers still do n't know that his 60 children 's books are filled with political symbolism .
Droge Kochsalz Florian Rötzer
Die Menschen nehmen viel zu viel Kochsalz zu sich , US - Wissenschaftler glauben den Grund gefunden zu haben :
Es hebt die Stimmung und macht süchtig
Salz , einst ein wertvoller Stoff , der sogar als Zahlungsmittel diente und ein wichtiger Faktor im Handel war , ist möglicherweise eine Droge .
Die Menschen mögen Salz , weil es die Stimmung heben soll , sagen Wissenschaftler .
Und die Menschen nehmen es regelmäßig in ungesunden Mengen zu sich , weil sie auf die Wirkung nicht verzichten wollen oder weil es in vielen fertigen Lebensmitteln reichlich enthalten ist – und weil Salz süchtig macht .
Wenn die US - Amerikaner täglich ein Gramm weniger Salz zu sich nehmen würden , so berichteten Wissenschaftler der University of California in San Francisco gerade auf der Jahreskonferenz über Epidemiologie und Prävention von Herzkreislauferkranken der American Heart Association , dann würde es in einem Jahrzehnt immerhin 250.000 weniger Herzkreislauferkrankungen und in der Folge 200.000 weniger
Tote geben .
Bei 3 Gramm weniger würden die Zahl der neuen Erkrankungen um 6 Prozent , die der Herzschläge um 8 Prozent und die der Todesfälle um 3 Prozent sinken .
Durchschnittlich nehmen Amerikaner 9 - 12
Gramm täglich zu sich .
Empfohlen wird gewöhnlich eine Menge von nicht mehr als 6 Gramm .
Die deutschen Männer sollen durchschnittlich 9 , die Frauen 7 Gramm täglich aufnehmen .
Damit wären sie weniger süchtig , gefährden sich aber dennoch bereits .
Der Großteil des Salzes wird über vorgefertigte Lebensmittel oder Essen in Restaurants dem Körper zugeführt .
Viel zu viel Salz konsumieren die Menschen allgemein , zumal es im Unterschied zu früheren Zeiten kein Luxus mehr ist , sondern spottbillig wurde .
Nach Psychologen , Pharmakologen und Physiologen der University of Iowa , deren Studie bereits vor einem halben Jahr in der Zeitschrift Physiology & Behavior erschienen ist , könnte der Grund dafür sein , warum wir das Salz in ungesundem Maße lieben , dass es uns in eine bessere Stimmung versetzt .
Eigentlich haben die Psychologen das aber gar nicht bei Menschen , sondern nur bei Ratten nachgewiesen .
Bei einem Salz - bzw .
Natriumdefizit machen sie nicht mehr , was ihnen sonst Freude bereitet , beispielsweise eine zuckerhaltige Lösung trinken oder einen Hebel zu drücken , wodurch in ihrem Gehirn eine Lustempfindung ausgelöst wird .
Das spreche dafür , dass Salzentzug zu depressiven Symptomen führe oder Natrium als Antidepressivum wirken könne .
Solche düsteren Stimmungen würden denn auch die Menschen vermeiden wollen oder können , indem sie zu viel Salz zu sich nehmen .
Wirklich brauchen Menschen möglicherweise nur 2 Gramm Salz täglich .
Biologisch sind
Tiere darauf ausgerichtet , Salz zu entdecken und sich zu merken , wo es welches gibt .
Wenn Salz konsumiert wird , so die Wissenschaftler , wird deswegen im Gehirn das Lustzentrum stimuliert .
Das ist " vernünftig " , wenn es wenig Salz gibt .
Wenn es aber zu viel aufgenommen wird , wie dies heute geschieht , dann sei Kochsalz mit einer Droge vergleichbar , die abhängig macht .
Abhängigkeit zeige sich etwa daran , so argumentieren die Psychologen , dass die Menschen weiterhin Salz in großen Mengen zu sich nehmen , obgleich sie davor gewarnt werden und sie wissen , dass dies gefährlich ist .
Zudem zeige sich die Sucht durch starkes Verlangen ( craving ) , wenn die Droge abgesetzt wird .
Bei Ratten habe man bei Salzentzug so dieselben Veränderungen in der Gehirnaktivität entdeckt wie bei Drogenentzug .
Daher vermuten die Wissenschaftler , dass das Bedürfnis und Verlangen nach Salz mit den Gehirnmechanismen verbunden sein könnte wie die Drogensucht und der Drogenmissbrauch .
( Florian Rötzer )
In a previous article , I discussed the controversies associated with anthropological research and debunked myths regarding the true intentions of molecular anthropologists .
Furthermore , I also provided examples of Native American communities willing to work with researchers in order to reconstruct their ancestral heritage .
Native Americans , for the most part , are rational and scientists , for the most part , are respectful .
But what happens when research and religious interests collide and erupt in legal dispute ?
Do left - leaning academics cave in to creationists of the Native American persuasion or do they stand up for separation of church and state ?
Presently there is just such a conflict occurring at the University of California , San Diego between the Kumeyaay tribe , University of California anthropologists and the UCSD administration .
Even though this is a controversial issue that deserves serious analysis , the whole situation really is reminiscent of a bad movie plot ; the Kumeyaay tribe would like repatriation of 10,000 year old remains , UC anthropologists are ready to legally fight for retention of the remains and the UCSD administration wants , well actually , no one is really sure as to what exactly it is they ’re trying to accomplish — hence the bad movie plot .
In order to help mediate such conflicts of interest when no compromise can be found , NAGPRA - the federal Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act - was established .
This
Act pertains to federally funded institutions and requires that human remains and other sacred objects be inventoried within a certain period of time .
The ACT also includes guidelines for repatriation once cultural affiliation for a federally recognized tribe has been established .
As for the intricate story plot itself , it ’s rather long , but here ’s the synopsis :
The UC San Diego University House , which includes the Chancellor ’s residency , resides on a beautiful seven - acre piece of property .
The house has been condemned since 2003 due to structural problems .
It was determined by a committee that the house should be demolished and rebuilt on the condition that archaeological issues are resolved since the house was built on a known Native American burial site .
In 2006 , the Kumeyaay Cultural and Repatriation Committee wrote a letter to UCSD and requested that remains unearthed in 1976 during a previous renovation of the house be given to the tribe .
However , these remains were dated to be 10,000 years old and therefore of great significance to researchers .
The question now was to determine whether or not the remains were culturally identifiable and therefore , falls under NAGPRA law .
After a review conducted by UCSD physical anthropologist Dr. Margaret Schoeninger and a University of California system wide expert panel , the remains were determined to be culturally unidentifiable — meaning UCSD is within their legal rights to hold the remains .
At the same time the expert panel made that decision , UCSD administration had already been arguing that they were culturally identifiable and were taking steps towards repatriation .
Later on , the UC Office of the President advised that culturally - unaffiliated remains should not be given to the Kumeyaay .
However in a peculiar turn of events , UCSD Vice Chancellor Gary Matthews wrote a letter to the Department of the Interior which stated that UCSD did acknowledge the remains as being culturally non-identifiable , but was still seeking approval for the remains to be given to the Kumeyaay regardless .
Dr. Schoeninger opposed this action because she felt that , “ it was against federal law ” and therefore expressed her concerns to other UC committees .
To further investigate this story , I interviewed UC Davis archaeologist and UC review panel member , Dr. Robert Bettinger .
On the day of the interview , there happened to be a demonstration against his facility and protesters were demanding that artifacts and remains held at UC Davis be returned to Native Americans .
I asked Dr. Bettinger if he thought such a task would be possible .
He mentioned that it was n’t possible to give everything back considering some items are not culturally identifiable .
“ You ca n’t say ‘ give it back ’ if it never belonged to you .
You ca n’t give something ‘ back ’ to a group it does n’t belong to .
NAGPRA makes it clear that cultural affiliation must be demonstrated and can never be assumed , ” explains Dr. Bettinger .
Both Dr. Bettinger and Dr. Schoeninger feel there is a universal lack of understanding as to what NAGPRA actually says .
This misinterpretation typically leads to the viewpoint that the scientific community is being non-compliant .
“ NAGPRA says you have to identify a federally modern day recognized tribe , you have to identify a group of the past in which the remains and artifacts belong and then you have to demonstrate a connection between the two — oral tradition , linguistic , genetics , archaeology , etc … ” explains Dr. Bettinger .
It should also be noted that NAGPRA was developed with the understanding that researcher interests and Native American interests are sometimes irreconcilable .
Dr. Bettinger elaborates , “ NAGPRA says that both interests are protected .
Anyone who says that ’s not true is subverting NAGPRA .
" In other words , both entities have the right to exist and when individuals disregard NAGPRA it ’s the equivalent of saying a compromise cannot be made .
I was unable to interview the protesters so I can only make the assumption that the ethics of using culturally sacred objects for research purposes was first and foremost on their minds .
Although it ’s understandable to take the moral road on this dispute , but for obvious reasons , there must be a line drawn between faith - based reasoning and the law .
In regards to the present UCSD situation , the Kumeyaay tribe believes their people inhabited the land ' since the beginning of time ' and therefore the 10,000 year old remains rightfully belong to them .
Sympathizing with Native Americans is completely understandable since they have been severely wronged throughout American history , but if you believe in separation of church and state , then you are making an exception and therefore discriminating between religions — all belief - based evidence should be disregarded in court .
After UCSD ’s acknowledgment that the remains were culturally unidentifiable , the Kumeyaay dropped the request for acquisition of the remains and cited such a designation as insulting .
Overall , both Kumeyaay and UC anthropologist interests are clear .
However , while interviewing Dr. Schoeninger , I pointed out that it was odd to refer to UCSD faculty members and UCSD administration as two separate entities .
Why did n’t UCSD concur with their experts ?
“ If anything that has been the difficult issue .
It ’s as if the administration of UCSD is trying to find a balance of its own people and the local community , and yet , we are UCSD .
That is the part that has been very difficult to understand , ” Dr. Schoeninger said .
Showing cultural sensitivity is a good gesture , however , the timing and motives are questionable .
Is UCSD trying to rekindle their relationship with the Kumeyaay in hopes of having their blessing to rebuild the University House ?
If this is true , then it ’s a rather short - sighted motive because rebuilding the house would result in further destruction of a sacred site which obviously would cause further dispute with the Kumeyaay .
Maybe UCSD is honestly trying to do “ the right thing ” ?
If this is true , then that means individuals who work for the administration are working as free - lance crusaders — a blatant disregard of their own experts and review panels .
If UCSD truly cares about the Kumeyaay then they should remove the University House and preserve the site .
Development of the property is virtually a lost cause anyway , so it ’s a good opportunity to demonstrate cultural sensitivity .
Furthermore , if UCSD wants to do “ the right thing ” then they should consult their own experts and stand behind their decision .
To date , the Kumeyaay have submitted a new request to UCSD for another review of cultural affiliation .
It is unknown as to how UCSD will address this new request — hopefully it wo n’t lead to a bad sequel .
The message was posted on Choudary ’s website Islam4UK , which is a group inspired by exiled cleric Omar Bakri that wants the “ flag of Allah ” to fly over Downing Street .
An article on the site claimed that Easter was merely a “ pagan festival ” and “ nothing to do with Jesus ” .
Firebrand cleric Choudary , who led the insults against a parade of British soldiers in Luton last month , denied writing the article , but when asked if he believed Easter was evil , he said yesterday : “ I think that anything that ’s non-Islamic is evil , I do believe that , yes .
To attribute a son to God is anathema to Islam and I do believe that it ’s an insult to God . ”
When it was suggested that Christians might be offended , he said : “ It ’s not insulting to disagree with people ’s beliefs .
I ’m not saying that Christians are evil . ”
He said Christians should “ accept the final message of Mohammed and come back to the true monotheistic faith ” .
Problems in the pits for Robert Kubica and BMW Sauber in Bahrain BMW Sauber boss Mario Theissen hopes his team can make the necessary improvements to recover from their worst start to a Formula 1 season .
Robert Kubica finished 18th in Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix , with only team - mate Nick Heidfeld behind him .
Heidfeld 's second place in the rain - shortened race in Malaysia gives the team just four points for the season .
But Theissen said : " We decided before the start of the season on a big development package for Barcelona . "
Looking ahead to the Spanish Grand Prix on 10 May , the German added : " I can only hope this will pay off .
Today , it looks like we are behind , but if the package is good the picture can change within two weeks .
" What we have seen now is quite surprising , with new regulations it 's a close field .
In Bahrain , we saw a third different team completely dominate qualifying , which is unusual .
606 : DEBATE
" That shows , together with small gaps , it can change again within a few races . "
BMW Sauber 's rapid rate of progress over the previous three seasons was topped with a third - placed finish in the 2008 constructors ' championship .
But Theissen admitted things have been very different thus far in 2009 .
" It is disappointing that this year 's package is not up to the top standard , but that 's how it is , " he said .
" We have had three years of continuous improvement , and now it 's a setback .
The team has to show - and will show - how competitive we are .
" Everyone has to deal with this from time to time and I 'm confident we will bounce back . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A discovery that two commonly used food additives are estrogenic has led scientists to suspect that many ingredients added to the food supply may be capable of altering hormones .
More than 3,000 preservatives , flavorings , colors and other ingredients are added to food in the United States , and none of them are required to undergo testing for estrogenic activity , according to the Food and Drug Administration .
“ We need to be mindful of these food additives because they could be adding to the total effect of other estrogen mimicking compounds we 're coming into contact with , ” said Clair Hicks , a professor of food science at the University of Kentucky and spokesperson for the Institute of Food Technologists , a nonprofit scientific group .
“ The benefits of using these additives in food need to be weighed against the risks they present , ” Hicks said .
In a study published in December , Italian researchers screened 1,500 food additives using computer - modeling software , a much faster and cheaper approach than testing lab rats .
The researchers first used modeling to identify 13 molecules that could hypothetically bind with an estrogen receptor , a group of molecules activated by the hormone .
Like a clenched fist that fits into the palm of a hand , potentially estrogenic molecules will “ fit ” inside the receptor , indicating they could interact and alter hormones .
Then , the researchers exposed cells to the 13 food additives , which confirmed that two have estrogen - mimicking properties .
Known as “ xenoestrogens , ” these substances have been linked to reproductive problems in animals and perhaps humans .
The first food additive , propyl gallate , is a preservative used to prevent fats and oils from spoiling that can be found in a range of foods including baked goods , shortening , dried meats , candy , fresh pork sausage , mayonnaise and dried milk .
The second additive , 4 - hexyl resorcinol , is used to prevent shrimp , lobsters , and other shellfish from discoloring .
“ Some caution should be issued for the use of these two additives , ” said Pietro Cozzini , one of the researchers who conducted the study and a chemistry professor at the University of Parma in Italy .
He added that further tests on rats are necessary to determine whether these additives could harm humans .
Paul Foster , whose research focuses on the potential human health effects of endocrine disruptors , agreed .
He said there is a big difference between adding estrogenic molecules to cells in a culture dish and actually seeing what happens when that dose is administered to an animal .
“ There are a lot of compounds that give quite strong responses in a culture dish that really do n’t produce any effects on lab rats , ” said Foster , who is deputy director of the National Toxicology Program 's Center for the Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction , which is part of the National Institutes of Health .
The major concern , Foster said , is what happens when people are exposed to mixtures of these estrogenic compounds .
“ There are examples where you can take dose levels of compounds on their own that wo n’t produce an effect , but when you put these compounds together , you may get something different , ” he said .
However , Foster said people should keep in mind that they already ingest significant numbers of fairly potent estrogens in their diets by consuming foods like tofu and milk , so findings like these should n’t necessarily scare people until more research has been conducted .
“ It ’s clear that humans are exposed to a mixture of these estrogenic compounds , ” Foster said .
“ But you have to try to balance out what might already be present in your diet or your lifestyle with these things that might be coming from some other sources , ” such as food additives .
Systems like the one used by the Italian researchers are useful for screening potentially estrogenic additives , Foster said , adding that it ’s a “ good first step ” towards identifying these compounds .
Of the estimated 3,000 additives used in the United States to preserve foods or improve their taste and appearance , only about 2,000 have detailed toxicological information available , according to the FDA .
" Our results are part of a bigger , more important problem , which is that there could be other additives used in foods that could have estrogenic activity , " Cozzini said .
Globally , the market for additives is expected to reach more than $ 33 billion by 2012 .
There are five main reasons that companies add compounds to food : to emulsify , to preserve , to add nutritional content , to add flavor or color and to balance alkalinity and acids .
" With some 3,000 compounds being used in food formulations there may be other additives with estrogenic properties that come to light with these types of studies , " Hicks said .
Using the traditional animal testing system , “ it would be impossible to test all of the additives in a short time , ” Cozzini said .
“ Every day we discover new molecules , and we must continue to identify new ways to study them . ”
Propyl gallate is considered “ Generally Recognized As Safe ” ( GRAS ) by the FDA , a title given to food additives that do n’t require approval because they have a proven track record based on either a history of use before 1958 or on published scientific evidence .
Examples of other GRAS substances include salt , sugar , spices and vitamins .
The other estrogenic one , 4 - hexyl resorcinol , which is used on raw shelled seafood to inhibit melanosis , or black spots , was petitioned in 1990 for GRAS status .
Its status is still pending , according to Michael Herndon , an FDA press officer .
The FDA ’s lack of testing for estrogenic compounds does n’t stop at additives .
In 2008 , an independent advisory board said the FDA ignored critical evidence concerning another estrogenic compound , bisphenol A , a plasticizing chemical found in polycarbonate baby bottles and the linings of metal foods cans .
“ What we ’ve seen with the FDA ’s handling of BPA is that it ’s had its head in the sand , ” said Renee Sharp , director of the Environmental Working Group ’s California office .
“ If you look at its assessments , what you see is that it has consistently ignored independent science and consistently used outdated methods in its assessments . ”
As concern about the cumulative impacts of these chemicals grows among the scientific community , some studies are suggesting that the effects of these compounds could extend to future generations .
For example , investigators at the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences have found that adverse effects can be seen in both the granddaughters and grandsons of mice who were developmentally exposed to diethylstilbestrol ( DES ) , a synthetic form of estrogen that caused reproductive problems in pregnant women and their fetuses .
While DES was taken off the market in 1971 , there are many other compounds that have similar , estrogenic effects .
“ This study is the flagship of estrogen mimickers and why we worry about them , ” said Shanna Swan , director of the University of Rochester 's Center for Reproductive Epidemiology and a leading expert on reproductive effects of environmental exposures .
“ The fact that these chemicals can effect future generations has been a huge lesson for the science community . ”
Other research has found that low doses of these chemicals can cause significant changes in those exposed to them and their developing offspring .
One recent study published in Environmental Health Perspectives found that when rats are exposed to low levels of BPA during lactation , their offspring had an increased chance of breast cancer .
As the evidence that synthetic estrogens may pose a health risk mounts , researchers are uncovering these compounds in new places .
Earlier this month , researchers in Germany found traces of an unknown estrogenic substance leaching into mineral water stored in polyethylene terephthalate ( PET ) bottles , a commonly used plastic for storing foods and beverages .
The study is the first to find that these containers are leaching synthetic estrogens .
“ We already knew that BPA was leaching from polycarbonate baby bottles , so we decided to test bottles of mineral water to see if there was any estrogenic activity , ” said Martin Wagner , a PhD student in aquatic toxicology at Johann Wolfgang Goethe University in Frankfurt .
The scientists tested 20 brands of mineral water and found that 60 percent of the samples tested positive , with estrogenic activity in plastic bottles appearing twice as high as compared to activity in water from glass bottles .
In addition , the researchers found that mud snails placed inside the bottles filled with fresh water experienced reproduction rates double of control snails , which suggests that substances from the packaging , and not the water itself , caused the reproductive change .
“ The results show that these leached chemicals are important enough to change reproduction in only eight weeks , ” Martin said .
Further testing is needed to identify the source of the estrogenic activity , but Wagner said the study ’s significance is that it shows people are exposed to more environmental endocrine disruptors than what was previously thought .
“ We ’re dealing with this chemical mixture , a cocktail effect , and I would say that if you look at a single compound then you might underestimate the exposure to these environmental estrogens , ” he said .
Ralph Vasami , executive director of a plastics industry group , the PET Resin Association , said ongoing research on the safety of PET for the past three decades has revealed no safety issues or reasons for concern .
" PET has been proven through considerable research to be a safe packaging material for water and other food and beverage items , ” he said .
“ The PET industry stands on its record of safety and reliability as a packaging material . ”
Swan said that the studies reinforce the need for precautionary action when dealing with these types of chemicals , such as avoiding plastic products whenever possible to decrease exposure .
“ If you ’re taking several hits of something , even if it ’s safe at a low dose , it ’s going to add up , ” Swan said .
This article originally ran at Environmental Health News , a news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
Burger King seems like they ’re really getting the hang of this whole Internet thing .
For example , I do n’t really know how the hell they did it , or what the hell they actually did , but Burger King drew a correlation with baby - making music and the flame - broiled Whopper .
If you ’re ever in a quick need for a quick fix soundtrack , Burger King delivers : Fire Meets Desire
A few months back , they hosted a campaign known as the Whopper Sacrifice .
A Facebook application was designed where you ’d be able to win a free Whopper after deleting a set number of friends .
Unfortunately , some bullshit arose and the Whopper Sacrifice had to be , well , Sacrificed .
More recently , Burger King released their own remix of Sir Mix - a - Lot ’s ’90s classic , “ Baby Got Back ” :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm6d2oy8GRk[/youtube]
The irony in all of this , of course , is that I ’m writing a post about Burger King ’s viral marketing strategies , which will in turn , make their campaigns even more viral , which will cause other bloggers to post about the virality , which will ( head explodes ) .
Ladies and gentlemen , dear geeks ... the time has come to announce the release of GNOME 2.26 , a light desktop environment used in many popular Linux distributions , such as Ubuntu , Mandriva , PCLinuxOS , etc .
The new release comes after six months of hard work and it brings a lot of hot new features , improved applications , new translations and updated documentation .
The upcoming Ubuntu 9.04 ( Jaunty Jackalope ) , Mandriva 2009 Spring and Fedora 11 Linux distributions will include a fully functional version of the GNOME 2.26 desktop environment , but until then we will introduce you guys to the highlights of this release .
Brasero , the popular and powerful CD / DVD burning application replaced the basic tool that existed prior to this release .
Some of Brasero 's great features are audio CD burning with audio track preview , track splitting , automatic volume normalization and multisession support .
Moreover , multiple burning backends are supported , disc integrity can be checked and CD / DVD covers are a breeze to create .
Burn CDs and DVDs with Brasero
Evolution
Evolution Email Client
Media Player
GNOME Media Player with Subtitle Downloader
Empathy
Empathy Instant Messaging Client
Epiphany
The fast Epiphany Browser with the new location bar
PulseAudio
The new mixer
Display
The redesigned Display control panel
File sharing
If you have a fingerprint reading device and your system allows such authentication , GNOME 2.26 integrated the fprintd service that allows you to register your fingerprint in the " About Me " preferences page .
The Deskbar applet was also updated to support OpenSearch plugins .
Smaller changes were made to the panels that can't be moved anymore without holding the Alt key , preventing accidental repositions .
Also , an in / out sliding effect was added to them at login and logout .
Another discreet and elegant effect reveals itself when you change wallpapers , as they will now crossfade between the old and the new one .
Though 2.26 is far from being a complete overhaul , the new features will please all GNOME users and , who knows , maybe convert some fans of other desktop environments too .
I 'm especially excited about the new per-application volume control feature in PulseAudio and the fact that Brasero , my all - time favorite burning application , is now the default one in GNOME 2.26 .
We 'll meet again with a new version of the GNOME desktop environment six months from now , when 2.28 is expected to be released .
Download the sources for GNOME 2.26 right now from Softpedia .
For targeting your audience , you ca n’t beat the billboard at one of London ’s airports welcoming freshly arrived Poles with an offer of a bank account designed just for them .
But for placement , the ad by Natwest Bank does n’t score as high .
These days , it might reach more Poles if it were in the departures lounge .
For most of the last five years , Britain shone like a beacon for the people of Eastern Europe , a land bursting with opportunities for anyone with marketable skills or simply a willingness to work hard .
Newly allowed to live and work in other countries of the European Union , as many as 1 million Easterners fetched up on these shores -- the largest , most concentrated wave of immigration Britain has ever recorded .
Most of the newcomers were Poles , and although the “ Polish plumber ” and the “ Polish builder ” became almost instant icons in the popular imagination , the migrants fanned out throughout society , landing jobs in shops , hospitals , information technology firms , investment banks , restaurants , pubs , painting companies and the like .
Advertisement
But now that Britain has fallen headlong into recession and the pound has plunged in value , some of the Eastern Europeans who came in search of better prospects have started heading for the exits .
At the same time , the number of new arrivals has dropped drastically amid forecasts that Poland ’s economy will outperform Britain ’s this year .
Some Polish employers and towns and even the Polish army have launched campaigns to lure home their compatriots .
“ There are more going back than coming in , ” said Jan Mokrzycki , who heads the Federation of Poles in Great Britain .
The group has been around since 1946 , but its scope and profile increased sharply after Poland joined the European Union in 2004 and Britain became one of three EU members , along with Ireland and Sweden , to open its doors to Polish workers right away .
Advertisement
The federation ’s online “ survival guide ” to life in Britain is now in its fourth edition .
Polish is now heard everywhere : on buses , on sidewalks and in establishments that were once known for hiring backpackers and other young people from English - speaking countries of the British Commonwealth looking for temp jobs .
“ In London , you used to go into a pub and you were likely to be served by an Australian .
Now it ’s a Pole , ” said Tim Finch , the head of migration - related projects at the Institute for Public Policy Research .
That may be less likely now .
Last year , 165,000 East Europeans -- most of them Poles -- registered to work in Britain , a 24 % drop from the 218,000 new arrivals the year before .
More tellingly , the number of migrants in the last quarter of 2008 , when the British economy had already entered full - blown recession , was down 47 % from the same period in 2007 .
Advertisement
“ There are still economic opportunities if you want to look for them , ” Finch said , but “ the consensus is the trend that ’s already started [ will ] continue , that you ’ll see fewer people registering , fewer people coming in general . ”
Those who do make the move will find a different world from the one Piotr Maslak encountered as a member of the leading edge of Eastern Europeans who came here in 2004 .
“ I came on 19 March , and 20 March I started a job , ” he said .
As a driver in Poland he made about $ 440 a month ; here he works in a warehouse east of London , making the same amount per week .
It ’s enough for Maslak , 30 , who is single , to save some cash to send to his family in their village 350 miles outside Warsaw .
Advertisement
Unfortunately , the money does n’t go as far as it used to .
When Maslak first arrived , one British pound was worth about seven Polish zlotys ; now it ’s less than five , another reason why Britain does not seem such an attractive option as before .
Still , Maslak wants to remain in London as long as he has a job .
Mokrzycki , the federation chairman , said that hundreds of thousands of Poles have put down roots in Britain and are not yet ready to return to their homeland or seek their fortunes elsewhere .
“ Most who have got jobs here or just have connections and family and own houses are not going to uproot a second time , ” he said .
“ Many tend to decide to ride out the recession . ”
That a noticeable number have left -- no exact count is available -- seems obvious to Kris Ruszczynski , the owner of a small construction firm here .
Advertisement
Back when the economy was at full tilt , he never had any trouble rustling up migrant workers .
Now Ruszczynski , who was used to workers knocking eagerly at his door in London , has become the supplicant instead , forced to journey back to his native land to scrounge up more hands .
“ We do n’t have so many people around , so I need to go back to Poland to pick them up , ” he said .
“ But it ’s a very difficult situation , because they are not trained to do what I want . ”
In November , a potential contract landed on his desk , but a vigorous hunt both here and on a trip to Poland for the 10 workers needed came up short , an unheard - of situation during the high tide of Eastern European migration to Britain .
Ruszczynski’s competition for recruits now includes Polish companies .
Poland is set to host the Euro 2012 soccer championship and needs construction workers .
Polish software firms have sent delegations to London to persuade their compatriots to return .
Advertisement
“ People with skills have found good jobs ” back in Poland , Ruszczynski said .
“ If I ’m prepared to retrain people , then yes , I can find people willing to come , but the process of getting someone to move from Poland to the U.K. now , it ’s at least six months to get that person adapted to the British way of working . ”
If the Polish economy sours , if re-integration proves harder than imagined or simply if they want their children to grow up with advantages such as learning English , then some of those who have returned may well wind up in Britain again , Ruszczynski said .
He ’ll be waiting .
--
Advertisement
henry.chu@latimes.com
--
BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX
Europe or bust
Advertisement
In advance of this week ’s summit in London of the world ’s leading industrialized and emerging nations , correspondents fanned out across Europe to provide four snapshots of the economic crisis on the continent .
The series will continue Wednesday .
latimes.com/europeorbust
The series is available online .
Here are seventeen of our favorite magnet tricks , projects and demos .
Extract batteries from stubborn holders
We ’ve all got things that take batteries .
Some of them are well designed , and some of them are not .
The worst offenders are electronic toys that take ( say ) half a dozen AA batteries , all of which must be inserted with the correct orientation– spring side first– and pried out , well , somehow .
Rather than risk puncturing your batteries by prying them out with something pointy , just use a magnet to lift them out .
Find studs in your walls
Move a magnet over the wall until it finds a screw or nail head under the paint .
You do n’t even need to mark the wall– you can just leave the magnet there until you ’ve drilled your holes .
Make a homopolar motor
One of our favorite demos of all time is a homopolar motor .
A magnet , a wire , a battery and a screw are all you need to make a motor spin up to 10,000 rpm .
Make LED Throwies
LED throwies are useful for many more things than graffiti .
We ’ve made variations from garden lights to origami to greeting cards , but it ’s not a real throwie without a magnet .
Demonstrate magnetohydrodynamic propulsion
You can make your very own caterpillar drive like the one in The Hunt for Red October with this magnetohydrodynamic demonstration .
Play with the coolest toy ever : 512 1/8 ″ cube magnets
Available from K&J Magnetics , this is enough magnets to really have some fun .
More magnet sources are in our links section .
Make a simple compass
We ’ve previously shown how to make stupidly simple compasses that float on water or spin on a smooth surface .
Here ’s another method : sandwich a thread between two very strong magnets and hang it down for an instant compass .
Experiment with self assembly
In a process that is a lot like assembly of biological molecules or crystal formation , randomly ordered magnets can almost automagically form themselves into neat chains .
Here are some magnetic self assembly videos .
Make almost anything ( ferromagnetic ) into a building set
With magnets as connectors , you can build tins into anything you like .
( Just be sure to get Bawls Mints , not Bawls Buzz ) .
Make a Curie motor
A Curie motor uses heat to demagnetize an area of a magnet , causing it to move away from the heat where the cycle starts again .
On BoingBoingTV , Mark Frauenfelder shows you how to build one with a candle , a wire and a couple of magnets .
Freaking awesome chip clips
Fold over the open top of the bag and put magnets on either side to hold it closed .
Play with eddy current damping
Drop a magnet down an aluminum or copper tube , and you ’ll see a hovering slow fall caused by eddy current damping .
Here ’s a quick video .
Make a fridge pen
Slip a small magnet underneath the metal clip on a pen ( these uniballs are our favorite ) and you can keep a pen handy on the fridge for your shopping list and phone messages .
Defeat magnetic safety interlocks
All kinds of cool industrial machines from photocopiers to deep fat fryers have magnetic safety interlocks to prevent the machine from working with the cover open .
Whenever you see a magnet attached to a hinge , it ’s there to protect you .
So if you ever want to do something ridiculously dangerous like laser engrave your fingernails , you ’ll need magnets to disable the magnetic interlocks .
Make anything into a fridge magnet
We like to make unusual things into fridge magnets .
And this trick has occasionally fooled folks into trying to open our fridge magnets to look for candy .
Demonstrate diamagnetic levitation
By placing diamagnetic material ( such as bismuth or graphite ) between a large magnet and a small one , you can levitate the small one .
Detailed instructions and links to kits for this are on Bill Beaty ’s site , amasci.com .
Wake up your laptop or put it to sleep
Many laptops have a magnetic switch that tells the computer to go to sleep when the lid closes .
Older Macs could be fooled into going to sleep with their lids up by waving a magnet by the upper right hand corner of the lid .
Newer Macs can be fooled by resting a magnet on the switch on the right hand side of the keyboard .
Caution : do n’t put a magnet near your hard drive !
MOGADISHU , Somalia 
Four aid workers were kidnapped in the southwestern Somali town of Wajid on Monday , officials said , the latest in a series of attacks against humanitarian workers in this anarchic nation .
The four  three foreigners and a Somali  were hijacked by unidentified militias on their way to the Wajid airstrip early Monday morning to catch a flight to Nairobi , Kenya , a United Nations employee in Wajid said in a telephone interview on the condition of anonymity .
United Nations officials in Nairobi later released a statement confirming the abductions but offering no additional details .
The identity of the three foreigners was not immediately known , and no group claimed responsibility .
Somalia is one of the most dangerous countries in the world for foreigners , who become prime kidnapping targets for gunmen seeking ransoms of millions of dollars .
Dozen of foreigners , including journalists and aid workers , have been abducted since last year .
Some have been held for months , like two journalists seized last August .
Much like the pirates who hold ships and crews for ransoms off Somalia ’s eastern coast , the kidnappers generally release the foreigners unharmed once ransoms are paid .
In the wake of two other posts on crayons as an art medium , I came across the work of artist Christian Faur who , among his other work in oil , encaustics , fabric and fiber , uses wax crayons as a medium in a completely different way .
Using hand cast encaustic crayons ( that are still essentially similar to Crayola Crayons ) , Faur sets them into position , on end , in arrangements of the crayons themselves that , based on the value and hue of the individual crayons , forms an image when seen from a sufficient distance .
This still recaptures some of the innocence and playfulness of childhood crayons and other toys ( remember “ Lite Brite ” ? ) , but uses the crayons as a combination assemblage and image creation medium .
There are several experimental variations in which Faur explores the idea , many of them almost monochromatic except for sharp punctuations of brighter colors , others are full color like the image above , Experiment 5 ( shown with a detail of the surface ) .
One of his other artistic experiments involve assigning colored crayons as letters in a “ Color Aalphabet ” and then using them to interpret literary passages , for instance from Hamlet .
He goes into detail here about how the colors were chosen .
[ Via Gizmodo , thanks also to Bram Meehan ]
It took a little time but the American public is in a state of growing fury , looking for who is to blame for their declining economic fortunes .
It 's being called a " populist fury . "
Jon Stewart has a hilarious graphic of angry citizens armed with sticks moving across his TV screen to represent the protests he knows will be coming .
Three million marchers in France this past week can't be all wrong .
What has been someone else 's crisis is now everyone 's problem and the public is pissed off .
Some government officials are dismissive .
Of AIG , Lawrence Summers , Obama 's top economic adviser quipped , " The easy thing would be to just say ... off with their heads ... "
He added , " AIG 's hands are tied . "
How does he know ?
The last time I looked , he was n't a lawyer or a judge .
In fact , glib comments are far easier than analysis of this catastrophe .
At any rate , those AIG bonuses are only small part of a bigger rip - off .
The wisemen pundits of the press have joined in to pacify the public .
Yes , it 's bad , they say , but put down those pitch forks , ha ha , there 's nothing you can do .
Here 's financial columnist Steven Pearlstein in the Washington Post :
" We 're angry .
We 're frustrated .
We feel cheated and abused .
We 're not going to take it anymore .
But then again , we do n't have much choice , do we ?
Sure , we can demand that a few more heads roll on Wall Street , or at the Treasury , or that a few hundred million are clawed back from financiers who never deserved it .
But the reality is that no matter what we do now , tens of trillions of dollars in wealth have been lost .
All that 's left is simply an elaborate exercise in settling up the accounts . "
Accept , Accept , Accept , counsels this wise man .
Some in the industry are starting to quake .
" Several industry executives , observing the pressure being exerted on AIG and other big banks , say they are worried about joining in government efforts to rescue the financial system in the newly charged political environment .
‘ Am I afraid of the populist outrage ?
Yes , ' said Lynn Tilton , chief executive of Patriarch Capital , a private - equity firm that has weighed making such an investment . "
Others are afraid for more than their capital .
One AIG executive told a reporter he had been threatened and that even his kids had been abused .
A few weeks back , Bill Maher publicly praised the Chinese government 's way of dealing with corporate criminals .
They shoot them , he said approvingly .
Ponzi purveyor Bernie Madoff had attracted stalkers outside his former penthouse prison with signs that said " JUMP . "
Now , the financial Times reports , " US federal regulators have warned of a ‘ rampant Ponzimonium ' as they disclosed they are investigating hundreds ' of possible scams in the aftermath of the $ 50bn fraud allegedly perpetrated by Bernard Madoff . "
The New York Times has predictably put down the outrage , noting , " Some people are vengeful , calling for jail , public humiliation or even revolution over the decision by A.I.G. to award $ 165 million in bonuses to employees who were in part responsible for the insurance giant 's near collapse - though few go as far as Senator Charles Grassley , Republican of Iowa , who has suggested that company executives should ‘ resign or go commit suicide . ' "
The outspoken Grassley later said he overspoke and then denounced companies sucking on the " tit of the taxpayer . "
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
The LA Times report that a cultural shift is underway with the notion that the wealthy are not worthy is catching on :
" With financial crisis and scandal as backdrop , Americans are questioning whether plutocrats are either indispensable or deserving .
' We may soon come around to George Orwell 's view that the only difference between rich and poor is income - ‘ The average millionaire , ' as he put it , ‘is only the average dishwasher dressed in a new suit . '
There 's also a social value in suppressing income inequality .
In a country with only a slightly less ingrained tradition of civility than the United States , the AIG affair would provoke rioting in the streets .
Robert Shiller , a Yale University economist and coauthor of ‘ Animal Spirits , ' a new book about the psychology of economics , comments on the current crisis : ‘ there 's anger and a sense of injustice taking hold , and it 's not in the interest of wealthy people -- you do n't want people on the poor side of town to be angry with you . ' "
Yet , who are the real " animals ? "
The victims of the collapse or the profiteers ?
The US government is preparing for real unrest as incomes and homes disappear .
New laws have been passed to curb civil unrest .
Michel Chossudovsky writes on Global Reseach on plans to set up Guantanamo - like detention centers on military bases :
" The outgoing administration has laid the groundwork .
Various pieces of ‘ anti- terrorist ' legislation ( including the Patriot Acts ) and presidential directives have been put in place since 2001 , largely using the pretext of the ‘ Global War on Terrorism . ;
A bill entitled the National Emergency Centers Establishment Act ( HR 645 ) was introduced in the US Congress in January .
It calls for the establishment of six national emergency centers in major regions in the US to be located on existing military installations .
The stated purpose of the ‘ national emergency centers ' is to provide ‘ temporary housing , medical , and humanitarian assistance to individuals and families dislocated due to an emergency or major disaster . '
In actuality , what we are dealing with are FEMA internment camps .
HR 645 states that the camps can be used to ‘ meet other appropriate needs , as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security . '
There has been virtually no press coverage of HR 645 . "
In England , some anarchists are calling for class war saying the only way to stay warm in a financial crisis is to " burn a banker . "
The British government is taking this rhetoric seriously and reportedly put the Army on alert for an expected " summer of rage . "
Overall expect more crime , protests and unrest .
It does n't take a weatherman to see which way this wind is blowing .
The challenge of course is that most activists are no clearer on a comprehensive program for change than the politicians , the business world or the media .
Republicans are focusing their fire on Tim Geithner , who they perceive as the weak link in Obama 's chain .
Democrats are bashing business and each other , as is often the case .
There seems to be no extra-Congressional opposition / movement to challenge all the finger pointing .
We need a serious plan for the public to rally behind , a set of demands that make sense .
We are in a whole new period with an enraged public ready to act .
How do we avoid descending into empty slogans , conspiracy distractions and a blame game to target " irresponsible borrowers , " or that old standby that the Jewish cabal of bankers or whoever else seems most blameworthy ?
Do n't think these issues will go away .
Will political activists be able to rise to the occasion ?
As I was just interviewed by the Associated Press pertaining to federal troops being sent to Samson , Alabama immediately following a rampage last week which left 11 people dead , I ’d thought I ’d collect my thoughts on the issue here .
Preliminary reporting includes these stories : the initial AP piece , USA Today , LewRockwell.com , and CNS News .
The AP is currently reporting the following :
The Army has launched an inquiry into whether federal laws were broken when soldiers were sent to an Alabama town after 11 people died in a shooting spree .
The Army confirmed Wednesday that 22 military police and an officer from Fort Rucker were sent to the nearby town of Samson after slayings last week .
The town ’s tiny police force and county officers were stretched to the limit after a gunman killed 10 people and himself .
Authorization from the governor or president is typically required for the deployment of federal troops on U.S. soil .
It ’s not clear who ordered the troops sent to Samson .
An Army spokesman says the military is trying to determine what happened .
Among the questions is why the troops were sent and what they did while there .
CNS adds photographic evidence of military members on the scene as well as the following :
The troops were apparently not deployed by the request of Alabama Gov. Bob Riley — or by the request of President Obama , as required by law .
When contacted by CNSNews.com , the governor ’s office could not confirm that the governor had requested help from the Army , and Gov. Riley ’s spokesman , Todd Stacy , expressed surprise when he was told that troops had been sent to the town .
No request from President Obama , meanwhile , was issued by the White House–or the Defense Department .
Wrongful use of federal troops inside U.S. borders is a violation of several federal laws , including one known as the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 , Title 18 , Section 1385 of the U.S. Code .
“ Whoever , except in cases and under circumstances expressly authorized by the Constitution or Act of Congress , willfully uses any part of the Army or the Air Force as a posse comitatus or otherwise to execute the laws shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years , or both , ” the law states .
David Rittgers , legal policy analyst at the Cato Institute , said there are other laws barring use of federal troops outside of federal property , as well .
“ Title 18 , Section 375 of the U.S.
Code is a direct restriction on military personnel , and it basically precludes any member of the army in participating in a ‘ search , seizure , arrest or other similar activity , unless participation is otherwise authorized by law , ’ “ Rittgers told CNSNews.com .
“ The security of a crime scene is something I think that would roll up in the category of a ‘ search , seizure or other activity , ’ ” Rittgers added .
In addition , there is the Insurrection Act of 1808 , as amended in 2007 , ( Title 10 , Section 331 of the U.S. Code ) under which the president can authorize troops “ to restore order and enforce the laws of the United States ” in an insurrection .
Some quick thoughts on the topic :
This does seem ( based on evidence presented so far ) to be a clear - cut violation of federal law .
There may be some local law enforcement arrangements for pooling local law enforcement resources in time of disaster , but they would not override federal law on the matter .
There does n’t seem to be any major harm done , so long as we do n’t allow the bar to be lowered for similar future tragedies .
However , as citizens , it is important that we remain vigilant when things like this do occur .
This needs to be investigated to determine where the fault lies .
As I told the AP , if some local commander made a mistake , his wrist probably needs to be slapped , as appropriate .
We do need to find where the system broke down in order to prevent something like this from happening again .
This does n’t seem to be part of any nefarious Obama plot to impose martial law across the land .
Some folks seem to be claiming this is President Obama ’s first step in some apocalyptic total - takeover scheme .
For the conspiracy - minded out there , if this is such a plot , the Alabama mass murder seems to be a bad case to begin operations .
It was a quick response to a local event with no advance notice .
Anyway , it seems that Obama has a whole lot on his plate right now .
He ’s probably too occupied at the moment to be concentrating on how to use a handful of MPs to overturn the Constitution in the deep south .
There are times when U.S. military forces do reasonably need to be involved in local issues .
When I was in the Army , I was involved in an operation to remove unexploded military ordinance found on private property in the D.C. area .
In this case , FEMA , local law enforcement and military personal cooperated and communicated about how to handle the issues involved and we ( the military ) were very mindful about the line between the military and civilians .
That someone did n’t quickly answer the question about who ordered the MPs offbase is concerning .
A quick and honest answer probably would have stopped online speculation which may continue for some time .
It also ( probably needlessly ) undermines public confidence in the military .
Why not simply say “ who dunnit ” so folks can move back to more important issues in their lives ?
In short , we should probably try to figure out what happened and fix the problem so a ) the bar does n’t get lowered and b ) we can prevent this from happening in the future .
We need to remain vigilant , but not overreactive .
Based on information available so far , it appears that no serious harm was done but we do need to get to the bottom of it — and with no stonewalling , either .
UPDATE : Here ’s an updated AP report from the Houston Chronicle :
The chairman of the Libertarian Party of Alabama , Stephen Gordon , said while many are worried about the use of Army troops in civilian police roles , he doubts there was anything nefarious about the soldiers in Samson .
“ There is no apparent harm here , but the principle still needs to be upheld , ” Gordon said .
“ The barrier has been lowered for the next time , and we really need to take a look at what happened . ”
Her point of view :
The Kindle reading you the book - you - just - bought infringes the copyright ( or at least , the rights ) to the audiobook .
We 've sold audiobook rights and print book rights as separate things .
We must stop this .
My point of view :
When you buy a book , you 're also buying the right to read it aloud , have it read to you by anyone , read it to your children on long car trips , record yourself reading it and send that to your girlfriend etc .
This is the same kind of thing , only without the ability to do the voices properly , and no - one 's going to confuse it with an audiobook .
And that any authors ' societies or publishers who are thinking of spending money on fighting a fundamentally pointless legal case would be much better off taking that money and advertising and promoting what audio books are and what 's good about them with it .
There .
Which I am putting up here to save everyone time asking me what I think .
Just went down to the Beehives .
Kelli-hive is doing brilliantly , Kitty - hive is still alive but I do n't know if she 'll survive the winter .
I got a pair of Coraline Dunks in the post this morning .
Batman 686 is out now , and if you want a copy you may want to buy it fast , and Andy Kubert is drawing like a madman right now to try and get Detective Comics 853 out , while keeping the levels of quality as high .
And no , I 'm not telling you what happens next .
Right .
Workbacktonow=me .
Just found myself having a long argument / discussion with my agent over the Amazon Kindle text - to - speech capability .
I 'm going to summarise it here .
Labels : bees , Killing Batman - it 's like killing Amanda Palmer , Kindle , merrilee Heifetz
The Alberta Tar Sands continued to garner interest through the first half of 2008 because of declining conventional oil production in Canada , the apparent success of the Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage ( SAGD ) process and the increasing price of crude oil .
Today they are still of interest as the countries of North America ( and around the world ) desire cheap , abundant crude oil from politically stable regions ( See Unconventional Oil : Tar Sands and Shale Oil - EROI on the Web , Part 3 of 6 ) .
However the subsequent financial collapse during the second half of 2008 has caused many tar sand projects to be deferred .
In fact , Canada 's oil - sands industry has hit the skids , spreading a deepening gloom over Alberta 's economy , and to some degree , across the country .
Some expansion projects that were under way in the Fort McMurray region have been put on the shelf , as oil companies slash their budgets to reflect the new economic environment in which they operate – that is – a world of lower oil demand and , at least compared to the summer of 2008 , low oil prices .
In August 2007 , a post titled Extracting Heavy Oil : Using Toe to Heel Air Injection ( THAI ) introduced readers of The Oil Drum to a technology for producing an upgraded extra-heavy oil from Alberta Tar Sands without the environmentally messy and energy - intensive surface mining procedures that currently dominate extraction .
The post provided a first - look at producing and partially upgrading Alberta bitumen in situ .
In this post we make preliminary estimates of the Energy Return on Investment ( EROI ) of the THAI process .
The environmental benefits that the THAI process appears to offer include lower water and natural gas requirements , and a smaller surface footprint when compared to similar extraction technologies used in the Tar Sands , e.g. SAGD .
However , in August of 2007 when the first post on The Oil Drum was written , there had been only about one year of pilot operating experience , and the news from the Whitesands Project cited problems with sand contamination in the extracted bitumen .
Can the Alberta Tar Sands Help this Situation ?
In December 2008 , with over two years of pilot operating experience from the Whitesands Project , the operator Petrobank filed an application with the Alberta Energy Conservation Resources Board ( ECRB ) and Alberta Environmental for the construction and operation of a 10,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) THAI commercial facility , called the “ May River Project Phase l ” ( see here and type in permit application number 1600065 – warning : large files ) .
This is of particular importance from an EROI perspective because the documentation accompanying the permit provides the opportunity for an energy performance review of a proposed commercial THAI facility based on actual operating data from the Whitesands Project .
Our attempts to acquire more detailed information directly from Petrobank were denied .
In this post a retired oil refinery engineer and TOD member “ daveinmarinca ” and EROI Guy review the project facilities design and energy performance with the goal of establishing a preliminary EROI for the THAI process in Alberta .
Daveinmarinca is an arms - length investor in Petrobank Energy and Resources Ltd. , the company that patented THAI™ , and otherwise has no ties with the company .
We intend for this post to be an objective and academic analysis .
A Brief Review of - and Updates to - the THAI process
We review here the THAI process ; for a more detailed review please visit the original post by Gail .
The THAI process utilizes well pairs consisting of a vertical air injection well and a 700 meter horizontal collection well ( Figure 1 at the top of this post ) .
First , the vertical air injection well is preheated with steam .
Next , compressed air is injected and oxidation ( i.e. combustion ) is initiated to create the “ mobile oil zone ” .
In effect some of the bitumen is burned to give heat and mobility to adjacent bitumen .
As the hot bitumen drifts downward and down slope it transfers heat to other bitumen , causing that to be fluid too .
As oxidation and oil production proceeds , a broader combustion zone is established until the well reaches its production capacity .
Each well - pair at the Whitesands Project had a thermal - hydraulic limit of 555 bpd per well .
Table 1 ( below ) lists the physical properties of the virgin bitumen and the THAI oil analysis at the well - head .
According to Petrobank , the thermal cracking in the reservoir , which is an inherent feature of the THAI process , reduces the viscosity , sulphur content and asphaltenes while increasing the API gravity and lighter hydrocarbon elements .
This results in a lighter , higher quality product that is easier to refine than the in situ bitumen and requires less diluent for shipping .
The permit application includes an energy balance from which we can make coarse estimates of a range of EROI values that we might expect from the THAI process ( Note : 1 . All the permit performance numbers and the EROI analysis are based on Whitesands THAI performance without CAPRI ™ as provided in the project permit documents – CAPRI is not discussed in this post .
2 . The diagram below was re-created from the files submitted by Petrobrank in order to increase clarity .
For the original diagram please see the permit application linked above ) .
The “ energy balance ” as calculated by Petrobank is 90.6 % implying we think that for every ten units of energy taken from the reservoir 1 unit is used up in the process .
This is not an EROI calculation , rather it is an assessment of the efficiency of the Central Processing Facilities and Wellsites .
In other words they calculate that 94,625 GJ / day flow into these facilities and they produce 85,774 GJ / day of products , for a conversion efficiency of 90.6 % .
We calculate somewhat different numbers , and our preliminary EROI for the THAI process is between 3.3:1 and 56:1 ( Table 2 - below ) , depending on the input energy allocated for naptha ( diluent which is generated from outside the immediate system , usually during the fractional distillation of oil ) and the amount of input energy allocated to the bitumen burned in situ .
The estimate of 3.3 includes as an energy cost 100 % of the energy content of the naptha and 100 % of the energy content of the bitumen burned in situ .
The estimate of 8.9 excludes the entire energy cost of naptha , assuming that it is recycled , and the estimate of 56 excludes both the cost of naptha and the cost of the energy burned in situ .
Table 2 . Various preliminary estimations of the EROI for the THAI production process .
One major assumption in the EROI calculation is that the input energy allocated to the bitumen burned in situ ( combustion zone ) is only 10 % of the original oil in place .
This amount is as close of an estimate as we can make from the reports filed by Petrobank .
If this 10 % is correct , then the total amount of recoverable oil in the system under study is 76,111 GJ / day ( 68,500 / 0.9 ) , which would mean that the energy burned in situ is 7,611 GJ / day ( 76,111 - 68,500 ) .
Another potential issue involves the air injected into the combustion zone .
After the first post on THAI we learned that in order to maintain combustion below ground the concentration of oxygen in the injected gas must be increased .
We have read nothing on the permit application indicating that this is the case at Whitesands , so we assume implicitly that these costs either do n’t exist or have been incorporated into the costs associated with the central processing facilities and well sites .
Discussion of EROI estimates
There are three complicating factors that become immediately obvious when calculating the EROI for the THAI process .
First , the energy content of the naptha is quite large , yet this GJ amount is not burned or used in any way aside from decreasing the viscosity of the bitumen so that it may be shipped via pipeline .
Clearly there is an energy cost associated with both the physical mixing at the processing facility and subsequent separation at the refiner , but this , presumably , will be less than the energy content of the naptha itself .
Consequently , if we assume that the cost of the physical mixing of bitumen and naptha is included in the costs of the process facility , and exclude the separation costs at the refiner since the boundary of this analysis is the central processing facility , then the appropriate EROI estimation for the THAI process is 8.9:1 .
Second , and perhaps an issue that is more contentious , is the energy value assigned to the bitumen burned within the “ combustion zone ” of the THAI process .
The THAI process according to Petrobank uses the heat energy released from the oxidation of a portion of the original bitumen in place to thermally crack the remaining bitumen , lowering the viscosity and , it seems , increasing the quality ( API ) of the bitumen that is extracted .
Since this bitumen is already in the ground and cannot otherwise be used , and there is no additional financial or energy cost to attain it – it is essentially “ free ” .
There are three reasons , however , as to why the energy cost of the bitumen burned in situ should be included in the EROI calculation .
A ) There is an “ opportunity cost ” of the bitumen burned in situ .
By burning this bitumen in the combustion zone the opportunity to develop it at a later time by some future technology is lost .
B ) The THAI process does not work without the heat energy provided by the exothermic combustion of bitumen .
So even though this bitumen comes at no additional “ cost ” to the firm , it still acts as an energy input to developing the bitumen .
C )
There are various environmental costs that occur , such as the carbon dioxide produced during combustion .
As a result , we include the energy of the bitumen burned in situ as part of the energy input to the THAI process in our base case .
However , we have no unequivocal position on including or not this energy input .
Third , the bitumen shipped to the refinery is still far from “ light , sweet ” crude oil and needs significant refining if products other than asphalt are desired – i.e. gasoline .
About 10 % of the energy content of a barrel of “ standard ” oil is used in the refining process ( Szklo and Schaeffer , 2007 ) , and we would not be surprised if that number were higher , maybe much higher , for the bitumen produced at Whitesands .
Furthermore , if the system boundaries in this analysis were extended to include the refinery and all costs until the end - user ( i.e. the person at the gas station filling up their gas tank ) , the EROI would decrease substantially .
For example , Hall , Balogh and Murphy ( 2009 ) calculated that the EROI for oil extraction in the U.S. decreased by about two - thirds of the original EROI once they included the downstream energy costs , including : refinery costs , non-fuel products , transportation costs , and use infrastructure .
Therefore it is reasonable to say that the EROI for the THAI process might decrease by about two - thirds if gasoline is the desired product .
An additional cost we were not able to consider is the infrastructural cost for the air supply ( e.g. vertical wells ) or extraction systems ( e.g. horizontal wells ) .
We assume that all significant operating energies are covered in the above table .
We conclude , based on this preliminary analysis that the THAI process appears to represent a somewhat better process to recover “ oil ” from tar sands than other above ground methods , as previous estimates of the EROI from surface extraction of Tar Sands have been around 5:1 .
The highest estimate of the EROI of the production process using THAI is 56:1 , while the lowest estimate is 3.3:1 .
This is clearly a large range , but it is up to the reader to decide which number is most appropriate .
We believe that even though the oil burned in situ is “ free ” in the financial sense , it is a required energy input to the THAI process and , from this perspective , this energy should be included in the estimation of EROI from THAI – resulting in an EROI of 8.9:1 , which is an improvement over other tar sand extraction processes , such as SAGD .
We welcome additional data and contrarian or other comments .
Author ’s Note :
We would also like to mention that EROI analysis is just one of many important analytical tools or “ lenses ” through which we can view energy resources and technologies .
As is the case with all quantitative and qualitative analyses , there are limitations to EROI analyses , and we at TOD : Net Energy are planning to discuss at length the limitations of EROI in the coming weeks .
Nick Clegg meets Katherine Hicks , from Taffs Well and her baby Dyfan , aged 12 weeks during a hospital visit in Cardiff
The Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg says he is " determined " to push Labour into third place at the European elections in June .
Speaking to BBC Radio Wales ahead of the party 's Welsh conference , Mr Clegg said his party was answering a call for " something different in politics " .
He is to attend a question and answer session with the party 's Welsh leader Kirsty Williams later on Friday .
The conference runs on Saturday and Sunday at the Angel Hotel in Cardiff .
Mr Clegg will join Ms Williams on a visit to meet staff caring for sick and premature babies at the neonatal unit of the University Hospital of Wales .
They will later join the question and answer event to discuss ' The Future of Liberalism in Wales ' .
We were the only voice in British politics saying look we can't carry on like this ...
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg
" Everything that we offer as a party is answering that call for something different in politics so we can do things a lot better than we have done until now , " Mr Clegg told the BBC's Good Morning Wales programme .
" We were the only party , not just a few months ago , but several years ago , in fact we were the only voice in British politics saying look we can't carry on like this , the banks are lending money that they should n't , they 're doing that irresponsibly , and the housing market is just spiralling out of control . "
" One of the reasons why so many families in Wales are finding it difficult to make ends meet , worried about keeping their job , maybe they 've lost their job , worried about if their homes are going to be repossessed , is because we did n't take the actions that we 've been recommending for a very very long time . "
Mr Clegg said he was determined to come second in the European elections around the UK , following last year 's local elections when the party pushed Labour into third place .
In Wales , the Liberal Democrats gained an extra 21 councillors , but remained the party with the fewest overall number .
This will be Kirsty Williams first conference since becoming leader The BBC's Welsh affairs editor Vaughan Roderick said a lot of people in Wales would go along with the party 's policies and philosophy .
" The trouble is they 've got a cuckoo in the nest occupying their political space and that 's Plaid Cymru .
" Kirsty Williams - perhaps in a way no Welsh Liberal Democrat leader had before - has determined she 's going to take the fight to Plaid Cymru , but that 's not easy and it's not something that can be resolved any time soon . "
But Mr Clegg said : " I think Plaid has been immensely disappointing in not living up to what it used to say , is that it would try and hand power down .
" It 's very odd it seems to me for a party in Plaid that believes in devolution that it can't seem to devolve decision making power from Cardiff down to the people who really count . "
This conference will be the first attended by Ms Williams since she became leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats in December 2008 .
The assembly member for Brecon and Radnorshire became Wales ' first female party leader when she replaced Mike German .
She will give her speech at the conference on Saturday afternoon .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The tweenbot , a cardboard - bodied , cheerful little bugger , is equipped with a flag stating its intended destination .
Since it can only move forward , it depends on the kindness of strangers to guide it and remove obstacles .
Advertisement
Tisch School of the Arts student Kacie Kinzer created the tweenbot as a kind of art experiment .
In her words :
I wondered : could a human - like object traverse sidewalks and streets along with us , and in so doing , create a narrative about our relationship to space and our willingness to interact with what we find in it ?
More importantly , how could our actions be seen within a larger context of human connection that emerges from the complexity of the city itself ?
To answer these questions , I built robots .
Advertisement
In New York City , we might expect the smiley - faced tweenbot to be stabbed , stomped , mugged , or covered in graffiti , but every single one of the journeys was completed without a hitch .
Pedestrians would stop and help the little guy when he was trapped against a curb or headed into traffic , and point him in the right direction .
I do n't know about you guys , but I like to think this project says more about the state of our nation than that stupid negative - nancy stock market .
It 's just about the warmest , fuzziest thing I 've seen since the last Muppet movie .
[ Tweenbots ]
As my wife and I were on our way to the home improvement store this past weekend , I saw the economic bubble that brought about the current bust illustrated in stark reality .
Near our home in Orange County , California , driving on a beautifully - paved , 6 - lane street with a landscaped median and surrounded by relatively new housing developments , the conversation went something like this :
HER : Wow , look at this beautiful street !
I remember back in the 1980s when this was just a 2 - lane dirt road .
ME : That ’s right .
In fact , I remember driving out here in 1997 or 1998 .
Even then all this land was nothing but vegetable fields .
HER : It ’s amazing how quickly it all developed .
ME : This is a microcosm of the bubble .
HER : What ?
[ She ’s deserves a lot of admiration for not changing the subject at that point . ]
ME : This is a microcosm of the economic bubble .
When the Fed artificially lowered interest rates by creating more money out of thin air , it accelerated home buying ahead of what normally would have happened .
This area would not have developed as quickly without that acceleration effect .
There were people who otherwise would have stayed in their old home and eliminated some spending to save little - by - little for a down - payment .
Suddenly they realized that with lower interest rates , they could afford to buy a new house without saving , and they could still buy all the consumer goods they wanted .
Also , because interest rates were low , home builders could borrow money to buy the farmland , bulldozers , and so forth to build all these homes .
They hired workers and got the county to build these roads .
In just 10 years , they totally developed this area .
The problem is that without interference from the Fed , this area should n’t have been developed that quickly — there would n’t have been that natural demand .
In reality , today there would probably be more demand for the vegetables they used to grow on this land than for the homes built on it .
Our food prices are higher because we have to compete with other localities for the vegetables grown elsewhere and have them trucked in from greater distances .
Now , because the home purchases were accelerated , the home buyers who would have bought homes in 2009 had already bought a home in 2002 — over - simplifying , but you get the idea .
So now all the people who would have bought a house in 2009 have already bought one .
They have no savings because they have been paying on a big loan and buying all the consumer goods they wanted .
As a result , there ’s greatly reduced demand for new houses , and the value of all these homes around us has dropped over 30 % .
Given that this 6 - lane road has about 3 cars on it as far as the eye can see , the developers were apparently expecting even more development that ’s not happening .
So they had scaled up way beyond what real demand would support .
The developer and construction company go bankrupt because no one is buying new homes and they are paying loans on the idle land and equipment they bought .
They have to lay off all their employees , who had bought houses in the meantime and now ca n’t make their payments .
People who are upside - down on their mortgages and can’t pay start to get foreclosed on .
When that happens a few at a time , banks can handle it .
But when it happens on a bunch of loans at the same time , then banks start to fail , too .
HER : And that ’s what ’s happening now .
ME : Exactly !
Artificially lower interest rates cause future spending to happen now — that ’s the boom .
But there ’s a limit to how long they can keep forcing the future into the present — it creates a big gap at some point , and that ’s the bust .
What the politicians call “ stimulating the economy ” always amounts to nothing more than accelerating future economic growth to the present , creating a current boom and a future bust .
And of course , things in the economy as a whole move slowly , so these economic cycles are longer than our election cycles .
That ’s why the politicians have an incentive to do it .
When they force future spending into the present , it ’s absolutely inevitable that there will be a bust at some point .
That ’s what we see here .
It ’s a microcosm of the bubble .
HER : Hmm …
When you explain it that way , it makes sense to me .
Is n’t she the best ?
April 28 , 2009
The Best of Myron Weber
The Justice Department is looking into whether a deal between Google , the Author 's Guild and the Association of American Publishers represents a potential antitrust case .
As reported by The New York Times , Justice Department attorneys have been chatting over the past few weeks with Google and other parties involved in the Google Book Search settlement , which gave Google the right to scan copyrighted books for online use and potential sale in exchange for , among other concessions , creating a nonprofit Book Rights Registry to handle digital rights issues .
The questioning of Google , the Author 's Guild and the Association of American Publishers , however , does not necessarily mean that the Justice Department will attempt to scuttle the deal over antitrust issues .
No public comment has been forthcoming from Google or the Justice Department over the matter , which is still ongoing .
Earlier in April 2009 , a nonprofit watchdog group called on the Department of Justice to investigate Google 's plan to scan " orphan books " into a database of digital text .
" Orphan " books are out - of - print volumes that remain under copyright , but whose rights - holders can not be found .
An advocate for Consumer Watchdog , John Simpson , wrote a letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder asking for government intervention in Google 's settlement with the Author 's Guild and the Association of American Publishers , arguing that it should have been reviewed to see if it met " the interests of consumers . "
Critics of the deal argued that Google had effectively been given a monopoly over digitized books by preventing Microsoft , Yahoo or other competitors from offering better deals to authors in the future .
The settlement stated that Google would have the same terms in negotiating as any future competitor .
" The proposed settlement protects Google from such potentially damaging exposure , but provides no protection for others , " Simpson argued in his letter .
" This effectively is a barrier for competitors to enter the digital book business . "
Google 's entrance into the digitized - book arena , which has become increasingly competitive , has been much publicized .
In March 2009 , the search - engine giant paired with Sony to announce that its free public - domain eBooks would be available for the Sony Reader .
It marked the first time that Google 's scanned books were available for an eReader in an ePub format .
By doing so , Sony increased the library of books available on its eReader to 600,000 , eclipsing the 245,000 volumes on offer through Amazon 's much - publicized Kindle library .
In May 2008 , despite having digitized 750,000 books and indexed 80 million journal articles , Microsoft shut down its Live Search Books and Live Search Academic projects due to construction and maintenance costs , leaving Google to run relatively unopposed in the online digital library space .
Feature trailer for The Hangover .
Two days before his wedding , Doug and his three friends drive to Las Vegas for a blow - out bachelor party they 'll never forget .
But , in fact , when the three groomsmen wake up the next morning , they can't remember a thing .
For some reason , they find a tiger in the bathroom and a six - month - old baby in the closet of their suite at Caesars Palace .
The one thing they can't find is Doug .
With no clue as to what transpired and little time to spare , the trio must retrace their hazy steps and all their bad decisions in order to figure out where things went wrong and hopefully get Doug back to L.A. in time to walk down the aisle .
Ed Helms , who plays Stu , never had an adult incisor tooth grow .
Therefore , no prosthetics were needed for the scenes where his character has lost a tooth , since Helms just took his fake one out .
Three sets of twins and a dummy were used to portray the baby .
Given that the baby goes through some rough times , including a having a car door opened into his head , it 's just as well that a dummy was on hand .
Ed Helms fake vomits in every Hangover movie , and he is also seen in his underwear .
Jeremy Piven and Seth Rogen were both considered for the part of Stu .
The Hangover had a major impact on Las Vegas and in particular , Caesar 's Palace .
Staff report that guests often quote lines from the movie at them , including " Did Caesar actually live here . "
Hangover - themed slot machines also became popular , and the Las Vegas Visitors Authority received many inquiries from tourists who wanted to recreate scenes from the film , especially those involving the tiger .
The Hangover is one of the funniest R-rated comedies ever .
The trailer here tells the basic premise very well ;
Doug is getting married , and of course , every groom needs a bachelor party .
So Doug sets off to Vegas with his three friends , Stu , Alan , and Phil .
All goes well , until the three friends wake up in a trashed hotel room with no recollection of what happened the night before ... and no groom .
As the trailer also suggests , the rest of the movie pretty much revolves around the trio trying to piece together the events of the evening before , and find Doug before his wedding begins .
There 's chickens , tigers , a random baby , a stripper , and Mike Tyson all thrown in for good measure , and the gags come thick and fast .
Most of these are from Zach Galifianakis as Alan , and he is a total moron , but in the best possible way .
This trailer highlights only some of the best bits of this movie .
If you have n't seen it , I highly recommend it if you need a good laugh .
I do n't necessarily recommend it if you 're about to get married .
It will either terrify you , or give you some ideas .
Darin Winkler was out walking the banks of the Spokane River with his kids last weekend when he saw something that looked …
Well , let me put it this way :
After you hear this story , the song “ Message in a Bottle ” may be stuck in your head for days .
“ Spring and high water brings up various kinds of things on shore , ” said Winkler , who lives in the River Run subdivision on the Spokane River , just south of Spokane Falls Community College .
“ We saw an old flattened basketball and a bunch of bottles .
Mostly they were whiskey bottles , Mad Dog 20 - 20 bottles , things like that .
But this one stood out . ”
It looked like an antique bottle , with an old - fashioned cork stopper .
So Winkler and his kids , Evan and Iris , walked up and took a closer look .
That ’s when they saw it .
A message in a bottle .
Winkler grabbed the bottle and took it back to his house .
He carefully teased the note out of the bottle .
The paper was a little damp , flaking in places , but mostly intact .
The first thing he saw took his breath away : “ March 30 , 1913 . ”
Some parts of the note had deteriorated , but large portions of the pencil - written note remained decipherable .
Here ’s what it says , with missing parts noted with ellipses :
March 30 , 1913
Dear friend ,
Who ever finds this bottle , please write in …. at Rockford , within the next two years … and let me know it ….
Will put it in … Spokane … North East … state of Wa …
Yours truly ,
Emmett Presnell
Rockford , Wash .
RFD # 1 Box 5
Admittedly , this is not one of those storybook messages in a bottle .
No map showed the buried treasure .
No damsel in distress wrote it from a desert island .
It contained no SOS to the world .
Yet this message has its own modest story to tell .
After some sleuthing on the Internet and in the Spokesman - Review archives , Winkler was able to find out plenty about that long - ago bottle - tosser .
Emmett Presnell was born in 1892 in Missouri and came with his parents Edwin and Sarah Presnell to the Lind , Wash . , area in 1900 , where they homesteaded .
They moved to the Rockford area around 1912 and had a farm on Rural Free Delivery Route No. 1 , where they raised wheat and cattle .
Emmett then went on to join his brother Karl in a big cattle and wheat operation about eight miles southwest of Cheney .
He farmed there for the next 60 years .
He never married and never had children of his own .
He lived on the farm with his brother ’s family , according to nephew Tom Presnell , 86 , now retired in Spokane .
When Tom was asked this week to describe his late uncle , he said , “ Emmett was a real dependable person .
He lived a pretty clean life . ”
Emmett would have been about 20 when he got the notion to send out a message in a bottle .
We can surmise that he was out tending cattle on the banks of Rock Creek or Hangman Creek when he decided to launch that bottle downstream ( those two creeks are feeders of the Spokane River ) .
Or maybe he was having a weekend picnic somewhere on the Spokane River itself .
Winkler ’s theory is that the bottle got washed up on a bank or into a tangle of logs , and stayed high and dry for most of the next nine decades , thus explaining its relatively good condition .
Recently , possibly even last year , high water may have refloated the bottle and sent it down the river to where Winkler found it , directly across from the old Natatorium Park .
When Emmett died at age 85 , on May 13 , 1978 , in a local nursing home , that bottle was probably still stuck in a riverbank somewhere .
We doubt if Emmett would have even remembered launching that bottle .
Yet , on behalf of Winkler and his kids , we would like to send our own message out into the unknown :
Emmett , we finally found your bottle .
Since the company incorporated in May 2007 , it has raised $ 6.5 million from a combination of investors who , Mr. Goldman said , are able to push the company on both its social mission and its profitability .
What to call these innovative businesspeople is the subject of some debate .
The terms “ social entrepreneur ” and “ social businesses ” are generally used to characterize people and businesses that bring entrepreneurship to ventures that have a social mission .
Yet there are those who would limit the social entrepreneur label only to those without any profit motive .
A separate , but related , category are companies referred to as “ socially responsible . ”
These are generally companies whose core business does not necessarily have a social mission , but who display socially responsible characteristics , like environmental sensitivity .
Because of the difficulty of defining these social ventures , it is hard to gauge the exact number of them , but there are indications that there is increasing interest in the idea of using business to tackle the world ’s big problems .
Last year , 630 people attended a new conference , Social Capital Markets , on social venture investing .
According to Kevin Jones , the creator of the conference and a principal in Good Capital , an investment firm focusing on social business , two - thirds of the participants signed up after the collapse of Lehman Brothers , which he called a sign that people are flocking to what he calls a “ new asset class . ”
Image Ms. Bretos is formerly Floridas secretary for aging and adult services .
Credit ... Alex Quesada for The New York Times
Experts concede that not all social problems respond well to the for - profit model .
One example could be early childhood education .
“ If you set it up as a business , you might be able to raise money more quickly and grow more quickly , ” said David Bornstein , the author of “ How to Change the World ” ( Oxford University Press , 2004 ) , an often - cited book on social entrepreneurship .
“ But if you want to be profitable , you might find that you have to make choices that diminish the quality of your program and then children wo n’t learn to read as quickly .
While Stanley Kaplan can make a fortune selling education to well - heeled people , providing the same services to low - income kids would probably not provide a very good income . ”
Some cakes look too good to eat ( although we will always indulge ) .
Siân - Amy Pettit , aka @thepetitepudding , makes to eat or not to eat quite a conundrum with her colorful cakes that are edible works of art .
Pettit uses a piping tool to create dotted icing designs that look like tiny beads sewn into the sweet treat .
From geometric motifs to animals to cacti , each tall cake is awe - inspiring in just how meticulously it is crafted .
Read Article
That monstrously large figure , though , conceals another worrying trend .
Keen to gather as much information as possible from our Freedom of Information survey of the nation ’s councils , we added a question asking how many councillors had also signed up to benefit from the scheme .
The figure was unexpectedly high – over 3,500 local councillors are benefiting from the extra perk of a pensions heavily subsidised by their constituents .
The headline finding of the report is that the unreformed final salary pension scheme operating in town halls is now costing £ 4.5 billion every year in employer pension contributions alone .
Considering that that figure excludes teachers and yet is still nowhere near enough to cover the massive liabilities of the scheme , the current pension deal clearly needs urgent reform .
Further to my recent article about the benefits of transparency in council spending .
the TPA ’s latest report on council spending provides a good example of the worrying trend for every rock one turns over in local government to have something nasty hidden beneath it .
Whilst investigating the huge cost of the Local Government Pension Scheme , our researchers uncovered a new development in the way councillors are rewarded that had previously gone almost totally unnoticed .
This is not a small benefit – in some councils , employer contribution rates run at more than 24 % of salary , so the direct cost to the taxpayer each year of a councillor whose allowance is set at £ 10,000 is increased to £ 12,400 .
Even at the low end of the scale , which lies around 12 % , this is a sizeable benefit which has thus far not been properly discussed .
So how did thousands of councillors end up with this perk without the taxpaying public finding noticing ?
Part of the problem lies with the process by which councillors ’ rewards are set .
Whilst the councillors themselves have the ultimate say on the own remuneration , each council is bound by law to have an Independent Remuneration Panel ( IRP ) which recommends how councillors ’ pay and perks should change .
Unfortunately , not only are the IRPs often unheard of , the way in which their membership is selected varies wildly from council to council .
As part of our campaign for greater local government accountability , my colleague Tim Aker has produced a report on the membership and rules of each council ’s Panel and discovered a bewildering patchwork that is unfortunately full of holes .
The rules simply state that each IRP must be made up of a minimum of three members who must not be councillors , council employees or disqualified from serving as a councillor .
Beyond that , anything goes – quite literally .
For example , 13 councils including West Devon and Maldon either do not have a formal system for recruiting their panel or did not know what it was .
39 councils simply allocate places on the panel to “ stakeholders ” such as Trade Unions , clergy , teachers or even local newspaper editors whose papers carry council advertising , despite the obvious capacity for this to institute political bias in the system .
There is at present no requirement that members of a council ’s IRP should be local taxpayers or service users , which means councillors can be rewarded by people who neither pay bills locally or see the quality of service delivered in return .
Amazingly , 19 London Boroughs all have their remuneration decided on mass by a Panel of 3 people at the quango London Councils , who are supposed to represent the experiences of people right across these Boroughs despite wide variation in council tax and service levels .
In another example , typical of the recent fashion for substituting so - called “ experts ” for real local accountability , one academic , Dr Declan Hall of Birmingham University , sits on no fewer than 18 Remuneration Panels .
Most worryingly , instead of open applications and arms - length selection , some councils even allow their councillors to be involved in inviting and shortlisting candidates , whilst others simply let the Chief Executive nominate people that he or she thinks would be good for the job .
There are clear conflicts of interest .
Following on from our report revealing the number of councillors receiving taxpayer funded pensions , Harry Phibbs asked on this blog whether it should be allowed .
Personally , I think not – councillors are already well rewarded for what is a voluntary public service , and if they benefit from the bloated pension scheme then it is a conflict of interest which will block the scheme ’s much needed reform .
However , if we reform the system of Independent Remuneration Panels to make them truly independent , genuinely representative of local taxpayers and thus more able to judge whether councillors are doing a good job or not , then the people could decide for themselves .
That is surely what local democracy should be about .
[ flv]/flv/startrektrailer2.flv[/flv ]
Ok .
I have to admit something .
I never was or ever have been a Trekkie .
But after watching this trailer , it ’s making me want to become one .
I hope the hardcore Trekkies wont mind a bunch of noobs calling themselves Trekkies after seeing this and the movie .
Star Trek come out in theathers May 8th 2009 .
Bravo Mr. Abrams .
You have just made this year of movies much more epic .
[ update ]
For the HD version , head on over to the official website .
There ’s an interesting graph in Pyevolve which is a heat - like graph of the population raw and fitness scores .
In this graph you can note the effect of Linear Scaling over the scores , the raw scores graph is in left and the fitness scaled scores is in the right , this plot uses the Gaussian interpolation method .
This graph feature is very interesting to study the effects of selections and scaling schemes and even to see the propagation of best individuals on the population while evolving , I think this graph should be more explored .
The children of older fathers scored lower than the offspring of younger fathers on I.Q. tests and a range of other cognitive measures at 8 months old , 4 years old and 7 years old , according to a study released Monday that added to a growing body of evidence suggesting risks to postponing fatherhood .
The study is the first to show that the children of older fathers do not perform as well on cognitive tests at young ages .
Although the differences in scores were slight and usually off by just a few points on average , the study ’s authors called the findings “ unexpectedly startling . "
“ The older the dads were , the slightly worse the children were doing , ” said Dr. John J. McGrath , the paper ’s senior author and a professor of psychiatry at the Queensland Brain Institute in Brisbane , Australia .
“ The findings fit in a straight line , suggesting there may be some steady beat of mutations happening in the dad ’s sperm . ”
Earlier studies have found a higher incidence of schizophrenia and autism among the offspring of men who were in their mid-to - late 40s or older when they had children .
A study published in 2005 reported that 16 - year - olds and 17 - year - olds with older fathers scored lower on nonverbal I.Q. tests , as did the offspring of teenage fathers .
We could be in for a long recession — something like 36 months dating from December 2007 , according to some economists .
But not if you ask Ben Bernanke .
And 60 Minutes did .
According to Bernanke , there is a possibility that the recession could end in 2009 .
Additionally , over the weekend the G20 summit came out with promises to do what they could to stimulate the global economy .
Between the trillions that the U.S. is spending on economic stimulus , along with the efforts being made around the world , it really is not that surprising of an assertion .
Attempt to instill confidence in the financial markets
Bernanke ’s assessment is also linked to a desire to instill confidence in the financial markets .
The stock market and other economic indicators rely on confidence and perception .
When people feel more optimistic , they are more likely to invest and to buy things and to general help keep the cogs of the economy in proper working order .
Fear causes people to stop spending money and investors to try to sell .
These are actions that keep us in recession .
Anyway , it will be interesting to see whether Bernanke does manage to provide a shot of confidence for the financial markets .
And it will be interesting to see if we really do see a turnaround to the recession toward the end of this year .
The arrest is the first of an American client of UBS , which has been under criminal investigation for helping scores of wealthy Americans evade taxes through secret offshore accounts that went unreported to the Internal Revenue Service .
It signals that federal authorities are making good on a promise to pursue American clients suspected of tax evasion , and in some cases to make indictments .
UBS admitted in February to conspiracy to defraud the I.R.S. by helping scores of wealthy Americans hide nearly $ 20 billion overseas .
The bank paid $ 780 million to settle the charges , but it remains under investigation , as do its American clients .
The admission has helped to open the world of offshore banking and dealt a death blow to Swiss financial secrecy .
The Group of 20 industrialized and developing nations at an economic summit here Thursday agreed to end " an era of banking secrecy , " rooting out hundreds of billions of dollars estimated to be hidden from tax authorities in offshore banks .
Faced with the prospect of penalties making it harder for their companies to do business overseas , Austria pledged to comply " without delay . "
The Philippines swore to take " the necessary steps " and Monaco promised to be off the list by " by the end of the year . "
... The list , published by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , a Paris - based group of wealthy nations , in coordination with the G - 20 , singled out four countries as the worst offenders : Costa Rica , Malaysia , the Philippines and Uruguay .
Another 38 countries and territories , including the Cayman Islands , Panama , Bahamas and Liechtenstein , were listed as less serious offenders .
Well , I wish I could report that the primary author of the worldwide economic meltdown , political hack - turned - Swiss bankster , Phil Gramm , has been arrested and carted off to prison but ... rarely is there that much justice in the world .
Instead we find out that the company he worked for and helped to rip off the U.S. government to the tune of billions of dollars , UBS , has agreed to pay a fine of $ 780 million for " facilitating " American criminals -- wealthy corporate ones -- avoid taxes on billions of dollars .
And the first of UBS ' crooked clients , Steven Rubinstein , has been arrested .
Set -ups like UBS -- which was caught smuggling diamonds in toothpaste tubes for rich Americans clients -- hold as much as $ 10 trillion shielded from the tax man .
But Swiss banks , which , like UBS , helped the German Nazis pillage Europe -- and get away with it for decades after the war was won-- are hardly the only places where those eager to avoid anyone knowing about their income -- from drug deals and Third World dictators to garden variety Republican tax cheats .
UBS alone was working for 52,000 American crooks .
You may have heard me complaining this week about how dismayed I was that Obama did n't seem to be on board with the Franco - German regulatory demands , one of which was to shut down the off shore tax havens .
Under immense pressure from the wealthiest families in the country not to cooperate , it looks like Obama has bucked the establishment after all and agreed to cracking down on tax cheats .
I 'll believe it when I see it though .
For as long as I 've been alive make believe countries like Andorra , Liechtenstein and Monaco , not to mention Vatican City , the worst of them all , have been functioning as what is known in international law enforcement as uncooperative tax havens .
More recently they 've been joined by a gaggle of island mini-states in the Caribbean , like Antigua , and the Pacific , like Vanuatu , all dedicated to hiding tainted money for wealthy clients .
The racket accounts for 13 % of Switzerland 's GDP and even a higher proportion for the organized crime principality of Liechtenstein .
The G - 20 has decided to " blacklist " uncooperative tax havens and possibly even apply sanctions .
Of the 4 named as the world 's worst , two immediately promised to mend their ways , the Philippines and Uruguay .
That leaves Costa Rica and Labuan ( part of Malaysia ) on the top of the list of rogue states .
It 's unclear exactly what 's going on with other shady financial centers , like Switzerland , Luxembourg , Macao , Hong Kong , Singapore , Iceland , the Cayman Islands , Vatican City , and the 2 British nests of tax evasion , the Isle of Man and Jersey .
Billionaires and the shills who make a living by scraping and bowing before them and faithfully serving their interests -- like the Republican Party and GOP front groups like the American Heritage Institute , Fox News and the Cato Institute -- are hardly giving up and will fight a battle to persuade gullible Americans that tax cheats are true patriots .
This video by Republican Party astroturf group , the Center for Freedom and Prosperity Foundation explains , with a straight face , how absolutely fabulous tax havens are .
This is n't a spoof ; it 's real ( I swear ) :
Labels : offshore banking , Phil Gramm , tax havens , UBS
​ ​A Pedal - To - The - Metal Comedy Thriller !
Coming soon to a reality near you ...
Attention about Downloading
In case the " download here " links in the blog entries does n't work , you can use the download links , in the Download section below .
For some reasons , it is easier for me to update the files available for download here , than in the blog entries .
So if you want the latest version , it is advised to download the programs in the download section .
Enjoy , Fendy .
EBay outbid Google and Yahoo in buying Skype in 2005 for $ 2.6 billion , on top of performance incentives that later lifted the final price to $ 3.1 billion .
In 2007 , Meg Whitman , then eBay ’s chief executive , acknowledged that the company grossly overpaid by writing off $ 1.4 billion of the purchase price .
One problem for eBay in selling Skype is an escalating intellectual property dispute between eBay and the Skype founders .
Joltid , a company founded by Mr. Zennstrom and Mr. Friis , retained ownership of the peer - to - peer technology used in Skype and licensed it back to eBay .
Recently , Joltid said that eBay had breached that agreement , and eBay has asked a British court to intercede .
The matter is unlikely to be resolved by the end of the year , which could be dissuading potential buyers of Skype .
It is also one reason eBay is planning an offering for Skype nearly a year from now .
The company said market conditions would determine the specific timing .
“ We will settle that before we do an I.P.O. , and we are confident in our legal position on that litigation , ” said Alan Marks , an eBay spokesman .
Analysts who follow eBay had expected it to sell Skype outright and were surprised by the announcement .
They applauded eBay ’s efforts to spin it off , though they noted that the public markets had not been very receptive to initial offerings .
There have been no I.P.O. ’s of venture - backed companies in the last two quarters , the first time such a drought has occurred , according to the National Venture Capital Association .
Canadian nurse Laura Archer was among those kidnapped
Three aid workers held hostage in the troubled Sudanese region of Darfur for the past two days will shortly be freed , officials in Khartoum say .
Earlier Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) said their three staff , abducted on Wednesday , had already been released .
But it later emerged the trio , a French administrator , a Canadian nurse and an Italian doctor , were still being held .
On Thursday , MSF moved its humanitarian teams out of Darfur , to the capital of Sudan , Khartoum .
" They are still not released , " Ali Youssef Ahmed , head of protocol at Sudan 's foreign ministry told Reuters news agency .
" The government is making its utmost efforts and is coordinating with the concerned authorities , " Mr Ahmed said .
" I can assure you that they are well , everybody is safe and sound .
We 're expecting their release in the next few hours . "
Sudan expelled more than a dozen aid groups after an international indictment was issued this month against President Omar al - Bashir for alleged war crimes in Darfur .
Khartoum has accused the groups of spying - a charge they strongly deny .
But the Sudanese authorities say the gang responsible for these abductions are bandits seeking a cash ransom .
The three have been named as Laura Archer , Mauro D'Ascanio and Raphael Meonier .
They were taken at gunpoint on Wednesday evening from their office at Saraf Umra , an area under government control some 230 km ( 143 miles ) west of El Fasher .
Two Sudanese employees of MSF who were also abducted were later freed .
They work for MSF 's Belgian branch , which is not among those aid agencies expelled by the government .
MSF had run the only health clinic for the Saraf Umra area 's 60,000 residents .
Although banditry is common in parts of the region , this is thought to be the first kidnapping of Western aid workers since two Britons were briefly detained by Darfur rebels in 2005 .
The UN has said Sudan 's decision to order out the aid groups has placed more than one million lives at risk .
The UN estimates that 300,000 people have died and 2.7 million been displaced since black African rebels took up arms in 2003 against the Arab - dominated regime demanding a greater share of resources and power .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Couple lived ' fairytale ' lifestyle after stealing £ 60,000 from faulty cash machine
' Fairytale ' : Joanne Jones and her husband Darren pleaded guilty to stealing more than £ 60,000 from a faulty cash machine
It was the cash machine that spouted free money .
To investment banker Joanne Jones and her builder husband Darren , battling with debts , it was the answer to their prayers .
Over 88 days they made more than 300 visits to the faulty machine to take more than £ 60,000 .
The cash was squirrelled away in other bank accounts and £ 27,000 stuffed into envelopes marked ' holiday money ' , ' car money ' , ' clothes money ' and ' kitchen money ' .
The couple , who have no children , also appeared to be planning a family .
An envelope was marked ' baby money ' .
But the fairy tale came to end when the Joneses were caught on secret cameras installed after staff realised cash was going missing .
Yesterday , they were each given nine - month suspended sentences and ordered to carry out 250 hours of unpaid work in the community after admitting the theft of £ 61,400 .
Basildon Crown
Court heard how the couple discovered the HSBC cash machine at a Waitrose supermarket in Billericay , Essex , did n't register withdrawals if they were overdrawn .
On March 8 last year , Mrs Jones took out £ 300 in three transactions .
She then recruited her husband to help her withdraw more money using her account and a joint account which had originally been in credit .
The couple from Wickford , Essex , took out an average of £ 200 on each visit to the machine .
On one occasion they took £ 2,400 in ten minutes .
The court was told the fault arose because the machine was ' very old ' .
It also heard that very few other customers had benefited because the ' majority of people in Billericay were not overdrawn ' .
' Splashed out ' :
The couple used £ 9,000 of the money they had stolen to buy a Chrysler Crossfire , similar to this one
After the hearing HSBC refused to say if anyone else would be prosecuted over the faulty machine and said security concerns prevented it from detailing the fault further .
The withdrawals did not show up in the Jones 's bank accounts or on the ' tally roll ' inside the cash dispenser and HSBC initially suspected Group 4 security staff who filled the machine of stealing the money .
CCTV cameras were installed and the couple were arrested on May 27 last year .
Prosecutor Alan Jackson said they had used £ 9,000 in cash as part payment for a £ 13,000 Chrysler Crossfire sports car , and stayed at the £ 600 - a- night Hotel Du Vin in Brighton .
He added : ' A search of their home recovered numerous receipts for luxury clothes and cosmetics by the likes of Hugo Boss , Coco Chanel and Dior , to name a few .
They were able to live a pretty good lifestyle .
' Also found in the kitchen was £ 27,340 in cash .
That cash had been put in various envelopes . '
He said one envelope was marked ' debt money ' but there was nothing in it .
Property : The Jones 's home in Wickford , Essex
Despite earning around £ 65,000 between them and owning three properties , the court heard the couple were facing debts totalling £ 34,000 , including £ 27,000 on nine credit cards , an £ 877 final demand for VAT and a £ 2,155 bank loan .
Judge Christopher Mitchell told them : ' You were both clearly motivated a great deal by greed .
It 's like something out of a fairy tale - put a bit of plastic in a wall and free money comes tumbling out and there is no record on the bank account . '
A compensation hearing in June will decide how the money will be paid back .
Matthew Bagnall , defending Mrs Jones , said that since admitting the crime she had lost her £ 40,000 - a- year job at Northern Trust Bank in London .
Jamas Hodivala , representing Mr Jones , said the scam was an ' unsophisticated enterprise ' which showed the ' vulnerability of human nature ' .
Mr Jones hugged his sobbing wife as they left court and said : ' We regret it deeply . '
Revealed :
The unsung scientist who invented the ' death ray ' and inspired the creators of Batman and Flash Gordon
At last , a tribute to the forgotten genius who was light years ahead of his time
CURSES !
Ming the Merciless is assembling his intergalactic troops on Planet Mongo and is about to annihilate Earth !
There 's only one thing for it - send for Harry Grindell Matthews .
Who ?
Er ...
That 'll be Harry ' Death Ray ' Grindell Matthews , eccentric British inventor and the genius behind a real - life laser - gun that Flash Gordon and his comic - book colleagues could only have dreamed of in the 1920s .
Mr Grindell Matthews designed the fiendish machine in the wake of the 1914 - 18 war as a weapon for knocking enemy aircraft out of the sky .
It so inspired public imagination that the ' ray gun ' became the weapon of choice for Flash Gordon and the evil Ming - as well as for generations of schoolchildren brought up on science fiction adventure .
Forgotten : Harry Grindell Matthews ( left ) .
In 1924 his ' Death Ray ' was publicly tested in London ( above )
Star Wars and Dr Who later employed similar technology - and Harry 's subsequent invention of the ' sky projector ' may have been the inspiration for the ' bat signal ' that summoned Batman from his cave whenever mankind was in peril .
Grindell Matthews also invented the world 's first mobile phone , and demonstrated to King George V how the drivers of two cars could communicate wirelessly .
Other triumphs included a remote control system for warships , an autopilot for military aircraft , an ' Aerophone ' for ground to air communication , a submarine detector - and , on a non-military note - what were claimed to be the world 's first talking films .
But in a depressingly familiar epilogue to the brilliance of British inventors , the man once described by Winston Churchill as a genius is largely forgotten .
Now a book , Death Ray - The Secret Life of Harry Grindell Matthews , pays tribute to his foresight and chronicles some extraordinary inventions that were light years ahead of their time .
Ahead of his time : Mr Matthews tests his ' Sky Projector ' which is believed to have inspired Batman because it resembles the ' bat signal '
Mr Grindell Matthews , born in Winterbourne , near Bristol in 1880 , acquired a passion for things military after serving bravely in the Boer War , in which he was wounded .
But he always had one ambition .
He wanted to change the face of modern science .
The Aerophone was one of his earliest successes - a communication device that could be used to talk to pilots or vehicles fitted with a receiver .
Granted , it was about the size of a shoebox - but in 1911 it ranked as the world 's first mobile phone .
In 1914 , he was awarded £ 25,000 by the government after inventing a boat that could be controlled by a light beam .
The military wanted to apply the technology to tackling bombing raids by German Zeppelins , but the device was never used .
The Death Ray came in 1923 and propelled him to national attention .
He started work on the project with a view to selling it to the War Office .
But frustrated by attempts to interest the military in his invention ( and angry at being ridiculed ) he called a press conference to launch it
The idea of a ' death ray ' became standard fare in science fiction comics , including Flash Gordon , right
The machine worked by harnessing electricity , then transmitting it via an ultra-violet beam at a mechanised target , principally an enemy aircraft .
It was designed to disable the plane 's magneto , which provides an engine with ignition , this causing it to plunge from the sky .
Harry demonstrated it at the launch by stopping a motorcycle in its tracks at 50 ft .
It could also be used to ignite gunpowder .
Not to mention killing mice at 20 paces ... and almost blinding the inventor in one unfortunate firing .
With a delightful sense of mischief , he further employed it to stop cars as they drove by his house .
The launch of the Death Ray caused such a stir that questions were asked about it in the Commons .
But the scientist 's creation never quite made it into production .
The huge amount of power required to fuel it made it impractical .
So while his Death Ray lived on in fiction , it died its own death in scientific history .
The ' bat signal ' used by Commissioner Gordon to summon the caped hero in the Batman comics and films resembles Mr Matthews ' death ray
Undeterred by a series of setbacks , including being declared bankrupt in 1934 , he continued to work .
One invention was the Flying Flea - a tiny , unconventional aircraft .
He also turned his attention to high speed travel , believing rocket power was the way forward .
In October 1936 , he wrote an article for the Daily Mail entitled Travel By Rocket in 19 Years .
He collapsed and died on September 11 , 1941 , at his mountain retreat near Swansea , while helping the Allied war effort .
Biographer Jonathan Foster , a science teacher from Nottingham , said : ' He was truly an amazing man , way ahead of his time , and deserves to be remembered .
' He was nothing short of a genius . '
Daddy weird , you guys .
Daddy VERY weird .
Well , this is it .
The end of an era .
The culmination of over 10 years of work .
The very last Theater Hopper comic .
Incidentally , it was Cami ’s idea to bring the kids into the comic for the finale .
I had n’t considered it until she suggested it , but it was really the perfect way to end things .
Henry turns 6 years - old in February .
Pearl just turned 3 in early December .
It ’s been a conscious decision of mine not to include them in the comic , even though people have asked me for years to introduce them .
Not to be selfish , but I did n’t want the comic to be about them .
Ostensibly , when you introduce kids into the comic , it becomes a lot harder to place any focus on the adults without making them look self - obsessed at best , negligent at worst .
But , hey !
Now that the comic is done , I can through those rules out the window , right ?
It was also a little bit of fun to brush up against the 4th wall one last time .
SAYING GOODBYE
I ’ve been wrestling with this blog post for a while .
I ’ve kicked around versions of it in my head for weeks , started and stopped it a million times .
Drafted and redrafted looking for something to properly encapsulate what I ’ve accomplished with the comic up until this point .
Ultimately I decided to scrap that and speak from the heart .
It ’s served me well over the last 10 years .
Why stop now ?
In nearly every interview I ’ve ever given over the years , I ’ve frequently been asked the same question : “ Why did you start Theater Hopper ? ”
It ’s not a bad question .
It gives the rest of the interview context .
But I always cringed at answering it because I thought it let people know right off the bat that I was a complete fraud .
A little pretext :
You talk to some cartoonists and they talk about how drawing was ALL they ever wanted to do .
They slugged it out for years drawing comics in their high school or college newspapers , fanzines and getting turned down again and again by the syndicates – never really finding success , but never giving up on the dream .
Now , I ’ve been an artist for as long as I can remember .
I drew comics featuring my friends back in Junior High .
But I never identified myself as “ A CARTOONIST . ” I was just a guy who liked to draw .
Theater Hopper was almost entirely a fluke .
At the time I created it back in 2002 , I was trying to teach myself web design .
I figured I would be more invested in this process if I had a site that required content and upkeep .
At the same time , I was just starting to get into web comics .
I discovered Penny Arcade in a copy of the Official Playstation Magazine .
Discovering Penny Arcade led me to PvP .
Looking at Jerry , Mike and Scott , I saw three guys who were a lot like me – regular dudes working day jobs looking for a way to be creative .
I figured , “ If they could do it , why not me ? ”
Fast forward 10 years later and I ’ve had one of the richest , most unbelievable experiences that I could never have possibly hoped for .
I ’ve met a lot of cool people through this comic .
I ’ve traveled the country visiting with them in person at conventions and I ’ve traveled the world talking to with people online about it .
Most importantly , I ’ve learned a lot .
I ’ve broadened my horizons through relationships that I did n’t expect a comic about movies to cultivate for me .
I learned a lot about what makes other people tick .
I learned a lot about my own shortcomings .
I see people better now than I used to .
Maybe that ’s a part of maturing .
Maybe it ’s inevitable for all of us .
Certainly 35 year - old me is more wise than 25 year - old me .
Just as 25 year - old me was better off than 15 year - old me .
But I like to think Theater Hopper accelerated my understanding of the world a little bit .
To that end , I want to take a moment to thank some of the people I ’ve interacted with over the years who helped Theater Hopper become what it .
If I ’m leaving anyone out , please know that it ’s not intentional .
There ’s just a lot of ground to cover in 10 years !
THANK YOU
CARRINGTON VANSTON –
You ’d think if you were starting a movie comic about movies that you would stop to look around the internet and see if anyone else came up with the same idea first .
Well , as the last 10 years of this comic can attest , I am an idiot .
It was n’t until months after I had established Theater Hopper that I came across Carrington ’s Movie Punks .
I wrote him an e-mail and begged forgiveness – not knowing that it was permissible to have more than one web site on the internet covering the same field of discussion .
Thankfully , he gave me his blessing .
Without that , Theater Hopper would have been over before it even started .
ZACH MILLER – After making amends with Carrington , I started to step out into the wider world of web comics .
Zach Miller from No Pants Tuesday and Joe and Monkey was one of the first web comic friends I made .
Zach was never shy about telling you his opinion and we ended up exhibiting at a lot of conventions together over the years .
A great guy .
MITCH CLEM – If I remember correctly , Mitch ( most famously of Nothing Nice to Say ) was already in Zach ’s orbit by the time I met him .
We all started our comics at roughly the same time , so it seemed reasonable that we could help each other out .
Like Zach , Mitch and I would exhibit at conventions a few times over the years – even though it was never really his scene .
That said , I have probably never laughed harder in my life than the times I got to hang out with Mitch Clem .
You know the people in your life who you get along with instantly , absent any real knowledge of their background or personality ?
Mitch was one of those guys in my life .
We just got each other ’s humor really well … even if I did have a knack for annoying the crap out of him .
GORDON McALPIN – Most people who read Theater Hopper probably read Gordon McAlpin ’s Multiplex .
It makes good sense .
Both of our comics are about movies to an extent , so we just kind of fell into each other ’s orbit .
We solidified our association when we teamed up with Joe Dunn ( more on him in a second ) to form The Triple Feature podcast .
Gordon has always been the pragmatic smartass pal that I ’ve turned to bounce idea off of .
Gordon has a real knack for storytelling and knows how to take a good idea and make it great .
He ’s always been an excellent friend and confidant .
If I did n’t feel that way , I would n’t have turned Charlie and Jimmy over to his care .
Look for them to show up in Multiplex in 2013 !
JOE DUNN – I know of no other artist more prolific , amazing and humble as Joe Dunn .
A large collection of his work can be seen at Digital Pimp Online , but the guy has been everywhere the last few years .
I consider him to be one of my main artistic inspirations .
Much like Mitch Clem , Joe is one of those guys that I ’ve been fortunate enough to just click with .
We ’ve shared a hell of a lot of laughs together .
C2E2 in Chicago this year was my last convention .
I ’m not sad about leaving the insanity of the convention circuit behind .
But I am sad that I wo n’t get to hang out with Joe Dunn again anytime soon .
The man is awesome , sincere and a great friend .
COMRADE F , DAVID BUIST , TYLER MARTIN , PHILIP HOFER – Each of these guys had a hand in developing the back - end systems that kept Theater Hopper up and running over the years .
They were frequently the recipients of panicked e-mails when I had touched something on the server that I was n’t supposed to touch .
Their insights and service were invaluable to the growth of the site over the years and I appreciated each of them for their hard work .
BRIAN ARNOLD – Much like the gentlemen listed before him , Brian was integral to the success of Theater Hopper behind the scenes .
He provided hosting and support , coding knowledge and expertise and all around awesomeness .
More than anyone else , I have leaned on Brian for his help and he has never asked for anything in return .
As I ’ve gotten to know him over the years , we ’ve come to learn that we have had many similar experiences and share a philosophy about life that you do n’t find too often in others .
We joke that we are almost like brothers .
The bottom line is that Theater Hopper could not have existed for as long as it did without him .
THE THORUM – When Theater Hopper first started out , it has a forum community much like every other site did at the time because – hey – that ’s what you did .
Over the years , people came and went , but there was always a core group that kept the conversation lively and fluid .
They came to christen our forum the “ THourm , ” and we were a happy little family .
As the site began to grow , I was unable to dedicate as much time as I had previously to the community .
To be completely honest , I flaked out .
When the THorum was attacked by a particularly nasty hack , it pretty much ended things for good .
I tried to reignite the THorum a couple of times later on , but the spark was n’t quite there .
By that time , social media had come along and online conversations started happening in different places .
However , there are still people from that core group that I talk to almost every day .
People like MadMup , Andelyn Harrison , Frogglin , bd , JClark , Meags , ADSquirrel , abe , Angela Elmore , Bishma , Scootles , Charley and more .
If I ’m forgetting any of you , please forgive me .
I ’m trying to keep a lot of names straight in my head right now !
The point is , these are the people who first came to support Theater Hopper and they are people I still talk to a decade later .
I feel very fortunate for that .
If I could give each one of them a Golden Danza , I would .
I know that means nothing to the rest of you , but that ’s kind of the idea .
MY FAMILY –
This kind of goes without saying , but what kind of monster would I be if I did n’t thank my wife Cami and our two beautiful children Henry and Pearl for supporting my dream the last 10 years ?
The extraordinary late nights , the groggy mornings , they frayed patience and short tempers .
The sacrifices I made pursuing this dream were very real to my family .
I think it would be over - dramatic to say they suffered for it , but it was n’t always fun .
Especially those long weekends away when I was at some far - flung convention .
Now that it ’s done , I feel confident that I ’ve created a body of work that does them justice .
I know that I ’ve accomplished something real when my 5 year - old son Henry looks over my shoulder at the comics I ’ve drawn and starts to create his own comic strips .
He has a love for art that I ’m not sure I had cultivated they way he has at such and early age – and I ca n’t wait to see where that takes him .
Cami , in particular , deserves a lot of credit .
She ’s been my sounding board when I ’ve been frustrated or dejected .
She ’s been patient and understand when she really did n’t have to be either of those things .
She saw what Theater Hopper meant to me and gave me support .
I ’m beyond lucky to be married to her and make every effort to tell her that often .
I only hope she realizes how deep my well of appreciation and love for her actually goes .
WHAT’S NEXT
Since announcing that I was ending Theater Hopper in January , several people have written to me and asked me what ’s next .
SOCIAL MEDIA
I should say first of all that – just because I ’m ending the comic – does n’t mean I ’m going away completely .
I ’ve been online too long now to quit cold turkey , so you can find me in all of my usual haunts .
Drop me a line on Twitter at https://twitter.com/tombrazelton.
I ’m always down for a little conversation .
You can also stay up - to - date on what I ’m working on by checking out the Theater Hopper Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/theaterhopper.
Yeah , I know it does n’t make a lot of sense to maintain a Facebook page for a comic that does n’t update anymore , but I ’ve got a good thing going there .
Over the last couple of months , I ’ve been transitioning the page as a hub for me to share cool movie - related things I find .
Whether that be the occasional picture or an article about the state of Hollywood that I have to comment on , you can find it there .
Every now and again , I throw an old Theater Hopper comic from the archive into the mix to keep things interesting .
I update there pretty frequently , so if you are n’t following the page already , now is a good time to check it out .
And , of course , you can always e-mail me at theaterhopper@hotmail.com .
All of my e-mails are being forwarded to one account these days , so I see everything still being sent there .
Now let ’s get to the meat and potatoes …
THEATER HOPPER eBOOKS KICKSTARTER
One of my greatest accomplishments with Theater Hopper in the last 10 years is fundraising and producing three print collections of my work .
Theater Hopper Year One , Two and Three were great experiences for me and I really appreciate the people who helped support my dream of seeing Theater Hopper in print .
By my work is not done .
Now that the comic is over , I ’m shifting my sights to producing SEVEN NEW BOOKS – Theater Hopper Year Four through Ten .
The only hiccup is this :
Since I ’m not producing the comic anymore and I wo n’t be going to conventions to sell them , producing printed editions is out of the question .
So where do I turn ?
I ’ve decided instead to produce the new material as eBooks .
The up front costs are lower , the storage problem is no existent and I can sell them in perpetuity on an as - needed basis .
The books will be very much like the print edition .
Each comic from each year will be presented along with commentary .
So the books will provide readers with unique insights into the history of Theater Hopper and how I developed the comic .
You ’ll learn what jokes work , what strips bombed and what I learned along the way .
Since I do n’t have a lot of experience producing eBooks , I plan on turning the production over to a company called Graphicly .
They ’ll be able to take my spreads and convert them into practically ever eBook format known to man .
These books will work on the Kindle Fire , iPhone + iPad , NOOK Color , NOOK Tablet , NOOK Touch , Android Tablets , Android Phones and the Kobo VOX Reader .
Turning production over to Graphicly will allow me to focus on the content and produce books faster .
Of course there is a cost associated with this service and that is why I am crowdfunding through Kickstarter .
You guys might remember that I raised funds for Theater Hopper – Year Three through Kickstarter and we made goal .
I needed $ 3,500 to produce a print run of 500 books .
For the Theater Hopper eBooks , I ’m asking for $ 3,000 to pay for the production of SEVEN NEW BOOKS .
I think that ’s a far better deal , do n’t you ?
Check out the campaign here : http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/tombrazelton/theater-hopper-ebooks.
Watch the video , listen to my pitch , read the story about the project and check out the rewards .
Once the project goes live , I ’ll update the campaign page with information each week .
I ’ll also be posting updates to my Twitter and Facebook accounts , so that ’s another way you can stay up - to - date .
I think this goal is very reasonable and – with your help – we can make short work of it .
Once completed , it will help to ensure that Theater Hopper can be enjoyed by existing fans and potential new fans that have n’t even discovered the comic yet .
It ’s a way for the comic to live on .
I ’ll add here ( only because others have asked about it ) that it is my plan to keep this site up and running , fully in tact , until I am unable to afford hosting .
Hopefully that will be a very long time .
So if you ever want to come back and visit the archives , they ’ll be here for you .
Last but not least …
MIDWESTERN NICE
I ’ve kept this pretty close to the vest , but I DO have a new project that I will be working on in the future .
It ’s called MIDWESTERN NICE .
Click that link and you can visit the new site .
What is Midwestern Nice ?
I ca n’t go into details other than it will be a very personal project and I think you guys will like it .
But the time is n’t right to unveil it right now .
Instead , what I think is best at the moment is for me to decompress a little bit , hopefully start working on the Theater Hopper eBooks in the near future and then reveal Midwestern Nice when I have it set up exactly as I like it .
Sign up for the mailing list and I will keep you up to date on all news related to my new project .
I wo n’t be hitting you with a ton of e-mails , so you do n’t have to worry about it right away .
But it ’s a good way to stay connected .
THE END
And that , my friends , is how they say “ is that . ”
I ’d like to thank everyone who has visited the site in the last 10 years , who has offered criticism and feedback and who has taken the time to share their thoughts and ideas with me .
It has not gone unnoticed and I have made every effort to engage with you where I could .
I ’ve been the richer for it .
I think I ’m at a point where the full reality of ending Theater Hopper has n’t sunk in – despite the fact that I gave myself a year to make peace with it .
But I know – should I go off the deep in in a few weeks from despair and regret – you guys will still be out there and I ’ll calm down a little bit .
Like I said , I wo n’t be going too far .
But for now , this is … the end .
With thanks .
Sincerely ,
Tom Brazelton
THEATER HOPPER
2002 – 2012
Editorial : Federal Foolishness and Marijuana
Despite the desperation of these patients , within weeks after voters in Arizona and California approved propositions allowing physicians in their states to prescribe marijuana for medical indications , federal officials , including the President , the secretary of Health and Human Services , and the attorney general sprang into action .
At a news conference , Secretary Donna E. Shalala gave an organ recital of the parts of the body that she asserted could be harmed by marijuana and warned of the evils of its spreading use .
Attorney General Janet Reno announced that physicians in any state who prescribed the drug could lose the privilege of writing prescriptions , be excluded from Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement , and even be prosecuted for a federal crime .
General Barry R. McCaffrey , director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , reiterated his agency 's position that marijuana is a dangerous drug and implied that voters in Arizona and California had been duped into voting for these propositions .
He indicated that it is always possible to study the effects of any drug , including marijuana , but that the use of marijuana by seriously ill patients would require , at the least , scientifically valid research .
I believe that a federal policy that prohibits physicians from alleviating suffering by prescribing marijuana for seriously ill patients is misguided , heavy - handed , and inhumane .
Marijuana may have long - term adverse effects and its use may presage serious addictions , but neither long - term side effects nor addiction is a relevant issue in such patients .
It is also hypocritical to forbid physicians to prescribe marijuana while permitting them to use morphine and meperidine to relieve extreme dyspnea and pain .
With both these drugs the difference between the dose that relieves symptoms and the dose that hastens death is very narrow ; by contrast , there is no risk of death from smoking marijuana .
To demand evidence of therapeutic efficacy is equally hypocritical .
The noxious sensations that patients experience are extremely difficult to quantify in controlled experiments .
What really counts for a therapy with this kind of safety margin is whether a seriously ill patient feels relief as a result of the intervention , not whether a controlled trial " proves " its efficacy .
Paradoxically , dronabinol , a drug that contains one of the active ingredients in marijuana ( tetra - hydrocannabinol ) , has been available by prescription for more than a decade .
But it is difficult to titrate the therapeutic dose of this drug , and it is not widely prescribed .
By contrast , smoking marijuana produces a rapid increase in the blood level of the active ingredients and is thus more likely to be therapeutic .
Needless to say , new drugs such as those that inhibit the nausea associated with chemotherapy may well be more beneficial than smoking marijuana , but their comparative efficacy has never been studied .
Whatever their reasons , federal officials are out of step with the public .
Dozens of states have passed laws that ease restrictions on the prescribing of marijuana by physicians , and polls consistently show that the public favors the use of marijuana for such purposes .
1 Federal authorities should rescind their prohibition of the medicinal use of marijuana for seriously ill patients and allow physicians to decide which patients to treat .
The government should change marijuana 's status from that of a Schedule 1 drug ( considered to be potentially addictive and with no current medical use ) to that of a Schedule 2 drug ( potentially addictive but with some accepted medical use ) and regulate it accordingly .
To ensure its proper distribution and use , the government could declare itself the only agency sanctioned to provide the marijuana .
I believe that such a change in policy would have no adverse effects .
The argument that it would be a signal to the young that " marijuana is OK " is , I believe , specious .
This proposal is not new .
In 1986 , after years of legal wrangling , the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) held extensive hearings on the transfer of marijuana to Schedule 2 .
In 1988 , the DEA 's own administrative - law judge concluded , " It would be unreasonable , arbitrary , and capricious for DEA to continue to stand between those sufferers and the benefits of this substance in light of the evidence in this record . "
1 Nonetheless , the DEA overruled the judge 's order to transfer marijuana to Schedule 2 , and in 1992 it issued a final rejection of all requests for reclassification .
2
Some physicians will have the courage to challenge the continued proscription of marijuana for the sick .
Eventually , their actions will force the courts to adjudicate between the rights of those at death 's door and the absolute power of bureaucrats whose decisions are based more on reflexive ideology and political correctness than on compassion .
JEROME P. KASSIRER , M.D .
Ironically , Sony 's new film about a global banking conglomerate that uses its money to fund terrorism was financed by an international banking conglomerate .
To the best of our knowledge , it 's not committing terrorist activities with its money .
Instead , it 's pumping the loot into poorly - performing movies like The International .
The International is one of the movies financed by Relativity Media and Deutsche Bank 's Gun Hill II slate film - financing deal .
The 2006 pact co-finances and shares in the profits of films from Sony and Universal .
The film 's German director , Tom Tykwer , told Reuters he was aware of the irony that his film was made with money from an international banking powerhouse , but he said " it is almost impossible to trace back to find where the money really comes from . "
We 'll tell you where it comes from : Deutsche Bank , Relativity , and whatever hedge fund and banking investors they lined up — probably Citadel , which backed Gun Hill I , and the firm currently providing most of Relativity 's funding , Elliott Associates .
And while no one died because of this money , a few people at Deutsche Bank were terminated .
DB shuttered its film - financing division this summer and laid off star dealmaker Laura Fazio after the credit crunch made it nearly impossible to close a slate financing deal with hedge fund and banking investors .
The bankers who arranged Gun Hill II , meanwhile , have decamped for Citigroup , which is in the midst of its own legal scuffle with Relativity over the terms of a subsequent deal .
It seems
The International is far more timely than we realized , which , we guess , is a bad thing when it comes to selling tickets .
The UK Border Agency plans to start exchanging fingerprint data with the US , Canada and Australia in the near future
The organisation , which gained full executive agency status on 1 April 2009 , says in a business plan issued on the same day that that it plans to work with the USA , Canada and Australia to " introduce a system of appropriate data protection arrangements for fingerprint checks and data sharing " .
This is intended to help identify and bar foreign criminals from entering the country , and is planned for " early 2009 " .
The agency said that by December 2008 it had enrolled more than 3.6 m sets of fingerprints from visa applicants , finding more than 5,200 cases of identity swaps .
All visa applicants now have fingerprints taken , and since June 2008 these have been checked against the police 's Ident1 national fingerprint database .
Of the 800,000 checks on Ident1 , there were 4,000 positive matches , some of which have found visa applicants who are wanted by the police .
The agency , which introduced identity cards for foreigners in 2008 , says in the business plan that it will extend biometric identity cards for foreign nationals " to other high risk categories " during 2009 .
By 2011 all new applicants coming to the UK for more than six months , or extending their stay , will have to have a card .
There are also plans to open its National Border Targeting Centre in December , checking 60 % of all international passenger movements , although the UKBA aims to have the centre ready for use in November .
It expects to check 95 % of movements by the end of 2010 .
It says that between April and December 2008 , the e-Borders system produced more than 10,000 alerts on passengers travelling internationally , leading to more than 920 arrests .
However , plans to include air and sea travel between the UK and Ireland within the e-Borders system suffered a setback as the House of Lords voted this week to remove a clause in the Borders , Citizenship and Immigration Bill that would have required British and Irish passengers to have a passport for such journeys .
This is not currently necessary under the Common Travel Area arrangement between the two countries .
The business plan also says that in December the UKBA introduced the facility for staff to make checks against Interpol 's Stolen and Lost Travel Documents database , which had been announced by the prime minister in July 2007 .
It also expects to have automated gates , which allow European passport holders through border controls if a computerised system matches their face to the image in their passport , in 10 terminals by August 2009 .
Such gates are already in use at two terminals .
This article was originally published at Kablenet .
Kablenet 's GC weekly is a free email newsletter covering the latest news and analysis of public sector technology .
To register click here .
Alan Bock 's Blog , Writer for the Orange County Register , and author of Waiting to Inhale , and Ambush at Ruby Ridge
Police are searching today for a man who shot into a crowd in Lennox with a rifle , killing a 59 - year - old man and injuring five other people , including a 12 - year - old boy .
The gunman got out of a white sedan about 10:40 p.m. Wednesday in the 10800 block of Inglewood Avenue and began shooting at people , according to the L.A. County Sheriff 's Department .
The victims were reportedly eating at a taco truck .
The 59 - year - old man died at the scene .
[ Updated at 11:03 a.m : The man has been identified as Amado Cendejas Sr. of Los Angeles . ]
The injured -- two men , a woman and two boys , including the 12 - year - old -- were taken to hospitals and are expected to survive , authorities said .
The gunman fled in the car .
-- Raja Abdulrahim
come back here iz not dun with u
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
A brief phone survey yesterday of D.C. - area hookers found on Craigslist revealed that Barack Obama ’s inauguration is inspiring great hopes — for their business .
A pair who work together expect 30 clients before Wednesday , all paying $ 200 a pop .
Meeka , 21 , a “ sexy southern belle , new to town , ” has come into the city specially for the festivities .
“ I ’m busy over the weekend , ” she told us .
“ I could make time for you , though . ” Karina , 26 , traveled five hours to get here , and was already “ pretty booked up . ”
All of the women , who charge between $ 100 and $ 300 per hour , voted for Obama .
Charlie , who implores clients to “ come start my engine , bad boy , ” said she would even provide her services to Barack Obama , despite potential costs to his nascent presidency .
Lei , a male prostitute , spoke to us at his plush apartment in an upscale neighborhood .
“ I actually just finished with a client who was from out of town , the South , I think , ” the youthful - looking 38 - year - old — who is from an Islamic country , and was in an arranged marriage for eight years before coming out of the closet — told us .
“ I hope the inauguration will bring more business .
If it ’s guys here by themselves on business , then it will . ”
Obama ’s inauguration might also make history for D.C. cocaine dealers — although there is no basis to the rumor that some are dyeing their product black .
Over five days , one 29 - year - old expects to earn cash in the high five figures from out - of - towners , not least because bars are open until 5 a.m. and there are a few hundred parties .
The dealer , who grew up moshing to D.C. punk , laid out $ 3,000 to stock up because he plans on moving “ serious weight . ”
On Saturday , lounging in the back room of the Rock N Roll Hotel nightclub , he slipped a bag of coke into the hands of a venerable fortysomething European reporter .
“ I ’ve had people calling me about this for weeks , ” the dealer says , as the reporter hands him $ 60 .
“ I just sold out .
I gotta re-up . ”
Testing a website used to be so much easier .
You would develop and test your code in Internet Explorer and be totally oblivious to anything but major HTML , CSS or JavaScript errors .
Even the most conscientious developers would only test a couple of other minority browsers .
Today , we are faced with 5 mainstream browsers and , to complicate matters further , each of those has multiple versions .
Usage statistics vary from site to site , but the following browsers should cater for 99 % of users :
Microsoft IE6 and IE7 ( IE8 coming soon )
Mozilla Firefox 2 and 3 ( Firefox 3.5 coming soon )
Apple Safari 3 ( Safari 4 coming soon )
Google Chrome 1
Opera 9
Need to get closer to 100 % user coverage ?
Throw in IE5 , IE5.5 , Netscape 6 , Mozilla 1.7 , mobile Opera mini , a PlayStation 3 , a PSP , a few historical versions of Mac Safari , and a couple of screen readers .
This is a daunting list : testing your web application could take longer than building it !
Fortunately , it is easy to install multiple versions of Firefox , Safari and Opera on a single PC : just choose a different installation folder .
It is early days for Chrome , but I suspect Google will issue automatic updates so most users will have the latest version .
As always , the tough one is Internet Explorer .
The browser is tightly integrated into Windows so only one version can be installed .
Vista users can not downgrade and must use either IE7 or IE8 .
However , there are a number of ways to test multiple browsers on a single PC .
Online Browser Simulators
Several online systems can be used to show how your site works across various combinations of OS and browser :
There is nothing to install , however , your site must be live , testing is a slow process , and the better services charge a fee .
You only see a screenshot so debugging is tricky and you certainly will not discover JavaScript errors or other subtle problems .
These systems are undoubtedly useful , but it is probably better to use them towards the end of your testing process .
Install Multiple Versions of Internet Explorer
Multiple versions of IE can be installed on a single PC .
Standalone versions of IE6 ( and any version back to v3.0 ) can be downloaded from the evolt.org browser archive .
XP users can simply extract the files and create a shortcut to iexpore .exe .
Unfortunately , they do not work in Vista .
An alternative is the Xenocode Browser Sandbox which provides IE6 , IE7 , IE8 , Firefox 2 , Firefox 3 , Chrome , Opera and Safari .
These are single .exe files that use virtualization technology to ensure the browser runs in its own segregated environment without affecting your core system .
Finally , there is IETester from DebugBar .
This is certainly the easiest application to install and use .
It offers tabbed browsing with all versions of IE from 5.5 to 8.0 beta .
Whilst these tools are useful , you should be aware that you are not running ‘ real ’ installations of IE .
The problems include :
There are some interface quirks and features such as the browser history , cookies and the cache may not work as you expect .
Filters and transitions fail in IE5.5/6.0 so 24 - bit PNGs and transparency effects will not appear .
There is a workaround for XP standalone browsers , but neither Xenocode or IETester appear to implement a solution .
The old browser might use the latest IE7 JavaScript engine .
Conditional CSS comments will fail or become confused – which is another good reason to avoid them !
Use a Virtual Machine
The most reliable way to run an old version of IE is to use a dedicated PC with a clean installation of Windows .
However , it is not necessary to fill your office with clunky old desktops : you can use virtual machine software to emulate any number of PCs on a single machine .
Popular VM software includes :
VMware : one of the first and best .
Confusingly , VMware Server is free whereas VMware Workstation is a more advanced commercial product offering snapshots and cloning .
: one of the first and best .
Confusingly , VMware Server is free whereas VMware Workstation is a more advanced commercial product offering snapshots and cloning .
VirtualBox : an excellent open source product owned by Sun Microsystems .
It feels as fast as VMware , although lacks a few minor features such as file drag - and - drop between the host and guest OS .
: an excellent open source product owned by Sun Microsystems .
It feels as fast as VMware , although lacks a few minor features such as file drag - and - drop between the host and guest OS .
Microsoft Virtual PC : a solid free VM , although it is not as fast or fully - featured as its competitors .
After installing the software , you create a new PC then boot - up with an Window installation disk or ISO in the virtual CD drive .
Any version of Windows from 98 to XP should be adequate for installing old versions of IE .
There are several other advantages to using virtual machines :
Virtual disks can be copied and backed up .
You can trash the OS and revert to a previous image in seconds .
You can install older browsers or try out new software without polluting your main PC .
You can install other operating systems such as Linux and test a range of other browsers ( Lynx is great for assessing accessibility ) .
Building your browser suite takes time and none of the solutions are perfect .
However , the newly released Microsoft SuperPreview could be the answer to many browser testing problems …
Have I missed your preferred method of testing multiple browsers ?
In 18 eventful years , the Hubble Space Telescope has lived up to its namesake , one of the greatest astronomers in history .
Considering its famous rocky birth , breathtaking postcards home , and world - renowned discoveries , it would be hard to argue that a single other scientific instrument has had more widespread impact than Hubble .
Frank Summers , an astronomer and outreach scientist at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore , puts it this way : " I often say to audiences , how many of you can name a particle accelerator ?
Or a scanning electron microscope ?
Those are other instruments that have made discoveries on par with Hubble .
But they have n't made it into the public vernacular . "
Maybe it was the mirror flaw , or its triumphant repair ; maybe it was the images of the Pillars of Creation , or the Deep Field .
Hubble has captured the public 's imagination like no other scientific instrument , and has provided unparalleled scientific revelations ; it 's the source of more than 6,000 research papers .
A sampling of Hubble discoveries in the past 18 years : determining the age of the universe ; verifying that dark energy is speeding up the universe 's expansion ; taking photographs of planets outside our solar system , and the chemicals in their atmospheres .
Hubble Servicing Mission 4 , part of the space shuttle 's STS - 125 mission , is scheduled for next month .
It will be the last time humans visit the orbital observatory ; if STS - 125 is successful , astronomers hope Hubble will last another 10 years .
But they know the telescope 's legacy will live far longer .
" We 've done a lot of looking back over 400 years , " Summers said .
" Hubble is a fitting successor to the Galileo telescope , because it helped us see things that we 've never seen before ...
Hubble did play a huge role in transforming people 's visions of the universe . "
NASA via Hubblesite.org
Providence , RI – A new study by physician researchers from Hasbro Children 's Hospital and Children 's Hospital Boston has identified an increased prevalence in left - handedness in children with a congenital disorder known as hemifacial microsomia ( HFM ) .
The study was published in the March 2009 edition of the Journal of Craniofacial Surgery .
Overall , ten percent of the population is left - handed .
A higher frequency has been associated with certain craniofacial malformations such as cleft lip and other conditions .
Albert Oh , MD , director of pediatric plastic and craniofacial surgery at Hasbro Children 's Hospital , along with researchers from Children 's Hospital Boston , developed this study to determine if the frequency of left - handedness increased in patients with HFM .
HFM is the second most common birth defect after clefts , and is a condition that affects the development of the lower half of the face .
It most commonly affects the ears , mouth or jaw , and can occur on either side of the face or both .
A total of 86 patients who were diagnosed with HFM were studied and compared to a control group using several factors .
The study group was 48 percent male , with an average age of 13.5 years .
Of those patients , 49 percent had predominant right side involvement of HFM , while 38 percent had left side involvement and 13 percent had almost equal involvement on both sides .
The control group included 96 children , 44 percent male with a mean age of 10 years .
When compared to the control group , the study group showed 26 percent were left - hand dominant for writing compared with only 11 percent in the control group .
Also of note , for the patients who had bilateral involvement of their HFM , the side most affected was uniformly predictive of hand preference .
The patients with left - predominant involvement of HFM were left - handed and the patients with right - predominant involvement were right - handed .
Albert Oh , MD , who is also a professor of surgery at the Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University , says , " This study is significant in that it revealed a significant shift to left - hand preference in patients with HFM .
This finding further emphasizes that the developmental abnormality that causes HFM is not isolated to the face . "
Oh and the authors also note that the study should promote further discussion of the two major etiological theories of HFM : vascular disruption and abnormal proliferation or migration of neural crest cells ( cells located in the neural plate in the embryo that migrate to their final destinations during embryo development ) .
The study , while limited in size , found no correlations betweens the side of facial involvement and hand preference that would support the theory of vascular disruption .
Source : Lifespan
A bowling phenom in the Special Olympics has just challenged Prez Barack Obama to a White House roll - off ... and he 'll probably kick Barack 's butt .
Kolan McConiughey , a Special Olympics competitor who has bowled three perfect 300 games , tells TMZ that the Prez has to score a lot higher than 129 to beat him .
Kolan says he bowls an average of 266 .
Kolan -- who works at a grocery store in Ann Arbor , Mich . -- said he'd love to go to the White House to beat Barack on his own lane .
Kolan said , " He 's cool , but he can't beat me . "
We posed the challenge to the White House .
They said " no comment . "
The bubble that must burst is a very , very large bubble .
It is worldwide .
It is co-existent with most nations of the world .
Like all bubbles , for a time it appears rational .
It even seems to work .
The bubble seems to bring all gains and no losses , and all at very low cost .
The returns seem very high and never - ending .
They attract the resources and allegiance of many because the yield seems so high .
But like all bubbles it cannot go on forever , because it is based on greed and gain extracted from other persons against their wills .
It is a bubble based on extrapolative expectations that eventually cannot be sustained by reality .
What is this bubble ?
It is the bubble of constitutional and representative democracies that lack the consent of all of those being governed .
It is the bubble of states that promise more and more social gains and cannot deliver upon these promises .
It is a bubble of governments that are chain letters and Ponzi schemes .
It is a bubble built upon robbing some to pay others .
All of these bubbles must , by the dynamic of their intrinsic nature , come to an end .
They all must , by the necessity of facing reality , be deflated .
And , in the process , the peoples of the earth will have to come face to face with themselves and will have to fashion new social and political relations .
The constitutional and representative democracies cannot be saved by changing the leadership , because they are based on rules of force that must come to grief .
They can not be changed by voting .
No stable economy can be reflated by a central bank , and no stable nation can be reflated by voting in new leaders .
Counter - intuitively , the government bubble will burst when more and more people do not vote and withdraw their support from a government based on unworkable and unjust rules of force .
Democracy , as people are now exercising it through majority force throughout the world , is rotten to the core .
It is common within these government systems for people to rush to take advantage of anyone else they can , in their greed .
Democracy has become one big speculative bubble , as many people have placed bets on an ever - expanding gain for themselves at the expense of others .
This cannot go on indefinitely , so it is a bubble that has to burst .
Chain letters must come to an end .
Ponzi schemes must unravel .
The music must stop and there will not be enough chairs for all to sit on .
Speculative bubbles must burst .
Governments built upon ever - expanding circles of greed and gain must fail .
Trees do not grow to the sky .
Deep down , we know this .
We only hope that we will not be the one left standing when the music stops .
We only hope the system will last another 10 or 20 or 30 years or whatever life we have left .
We wish our children and grandchildren well , but we are secretly glad that we do not have to confront the problems we hope will be deferred to them and not fall upon us .
Why must bubbles burst ?
Basically because they cannot pay off according to our expectations .
Take the housing bubble as an example , but a bubble in growth stocks works in the same way .
Changes in expectations cause price changes .
If we think houses will rise in price , we are more inclined to buy them .
This makes the price rise .
It reinforces our expectations and draws in new buyers .
Many causes of changes in expectations are possible .
In the U.S. , we had lower interest rates and the authorities encouraged re-financing at lower rates .
In some places , new house building was restricted as in California .
House prices started to rise .
This started a speculative move in which people started bidding house prices higher .
This was concentrated in a handful of states .
Some areas grew because they had a real business boom .
The idea got around , from several sources , that prices were rising .
People had extrapolative expectations .
They thought that what was past was prologue .
These expectations self - reinforced for a while , even years .
Eventually , the reality sets in , which is that the asset cannot rise too fast in price indefinitely .
It sets in for a number of reasons .
Builders build houses at much lower replacement costs , drawing demand away from the high - priced houses .
They also build more of the high - priced houses than there are buyers .
Rentals begin to look relatively less expensive .
The market runs out of new buyers , because prices are high compared to wages and salaries .
Other investments begin to look relatively more attractive .
Interest rates rise .
Speculators begin to sell out what they had bought earlier in order to take profits .
The bubble bursts , as it has to .
People are expecting a big profit , or a high yield from the house purchase .
That is why they buy at high prices .
They think they are going higher .
When people count into their calculation of a high yield the expected future price gains , as in buying high - priced growth stocks or high - priced houses , they are pouring money into these assets thinking they have higher yields , and they are bidding the prices up so as to get those yields .
In the process , the yields are falling .
The whole price process is driven by what is in their minds because it ’s all what they expect will happen in the future .
Greed for gain comes to grief .
Many people and institutions borrowed heavily to take advantage of the housing bubble .
It was like the stock margin buying in the 1920s .
All of those that used so much financial leverage should fail .
We who did not should not be made to pay them for their greed and mistakes .
All the ones that took out asset insurance from counterparties that had no assets — they erred in their evaluations too , and they also should bear their own losses or fail .
Innocent people should n’t be paying for the mistakes of others .
All the ones that ca n’t pay for their houses now and are under water should face the consequences themselves .
They too blundered .
No one should be made to bail out someone else .
This is not the way of most governments , however .
Bailouts are the way .
The attempt is to find chairs for those left standing .
The chairs have to be stolen from those who were prudent enough to sit down earlier before the music stopped and the game of musical chairs ended .
Governments today routinely violate basic human rights to life , liberty , and property .
Government bailouts are the government ’s absorption of the housing bubble into its own social security bubble .
This hastens the bursting of the government bubble .
Generations before us started the government bubbles that now rule us .
They bet on government .
They saw gains coming down the pike as they collected their Social Security and built their subsidized houses and drove on their subsidized highways and grew their subsidized crops , all through subsidized loans .
They saw gains from favoring labor and executives and public schools .
The bubble grew because shifting coalitions bid up the power of government and collected the gains .
Voters psychologically buy into the government bubble .
They have extrapolative expectations .
They think that they will secure the gains that the earlier generation managed to extract .
But those gains are in their minds .
They are unpaid promises made by their officials .
Who will pay for those gains ?
Who will pay for the bailouts , the health care promises , the retirement promises , and all the other trillions upon trillions of guarantees being liberally handed out ?
The bubble has to burst .
There ’s only so much gold in them thar hills before the price of extraction rises beyond its worth .
One can do no wrong by buying a house that is going up in price , or so it appears .
And one can do no wrong by endorsing a government that provides a rising stream of benefits , or so it seems .
Why not buy a second home or a third ?
Why not borrow to buy them ?
And why not expand the government and get more benefits ?
Why not have the government borrow to provide them ?
Government in its current form is an overpriced growth stock .
It is paying dividends out of contributions forced out of newcomers to the game and extracted in countless ways from the dividend recipients and obtained from borrowing .
It is promising a rising stream of future dividends , while itself producing nothing of value .
When the value of the obligatory debts exceeds the value of the assets , the enterprise is insolvent .
The owners walk away from the assets .
When government debts exceed the value of the social benefits , people will walk away from the government .
Many already have , in a variety of ways .
Why pay more than what something is worth ?
Why invest any emotional capital in an institution one regards as unfit , unjust , inefficient , intrusive , irrational , unworkable , and ineffective ?
Government is now an insolvent enterprise .
Government is a Ponzi scheme .
Government is a fraud .
Government is a bubble that must burst .
That being the case and while there is still time to think without the pressure of rapidly changing events , we can only benefit by exploring and considering a wide range of social and political options that are in accord with basic and sound principles of peace , liberty , justice , and rights .
A period of revolutionary reconstruction lies ahead of us .
We should not be reflating the government bubble that will burst ; we should not be reflating the forces of domination and greed exercised through and by coercive government .
We should be shaking off the myths , fallacies , errors , and wrong turns of the past .
We should be stating , and reinstating , and advancing those principles that can shape societies along sound lines .
There are sound ideas that came along with constitutional governments , but they have been shunted aside and diluted .
Consent of the governed , all of the governed , is one of those principles .
This implies a second principle : Government without claim over territory , or an end to the idea that a sovereign has a right to claim rule over a territory and every person and thing within it .
No person can rightfully be made a citizen of a government without his consent and by virtue of the place where he happens to live .
The internet can be a model of what is to come with respect to getting to a much - reduced arbitrary and non-consensual governance and a situation where social interactions are freed from unnecessary coercive restrictions .
People can freely join whatever societies of persons they wish throughout the globe in a way that surpasses the force - ridden idea of territorial domains .
The internet has no such territorial borders , and such borders only reinforce coercion as well as being the product of coercion .
The internet is breaking down those borders as it opens up communications .
The bubble governments of the present have vastly intruded upon social matters .
They have made the social into the political in areas where they have not obtained the consent of all .
There is a large enough and difficult enough realm of governance without government absorbing society .
There are all sorts of disputes , conflicts , and crimes that require governance and justice procedures .
Libertarians have thought long and hard about how to preserve and improve these governance systems , even as the non-consensual features of the present bubble governments fall by the wayside when these bubbles eventually burst .
Libertarians have thought long and hard about rights , rule of law , due process , and property rights .
This thinking needs to be continued , questioned , tested , ramped up , restated , refined , integrated , and understood even better .
The government bubble is going to burst , and we will need this and more thinking in order to cope with the coming opportunities to remake social and political relations .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
How the LLVM Compiler Infrastructure Works
By David Chisnall
Date : May 23 , 2008
Article is provided courtesy of Prentice Hall Professional .
Return to the article
LLVM has been creating waves recently as the compiler for the iPhone and in a number of other places .
David Chisnall takes a look at what makes this project so interesting .
I talked a bit about the low - level virtual machine ( LLVM ) when comparing open source compilers .
Since then , I ’ve become involved with the LLVM project , working on code generation for the Objective - C language .
In this article , I ’ll give you a more in - depth overview of how LLVM works .
What Is LLVM ?
LLVM is a virtual machine infrastructure that does n’t provide any of the high - level features you ’d find in something like the Java or .NET virtual machines , including garbage collection and an object model .
The basic design of LLVM is an unlimited register machine ( URM ) , familiar to most computer scientists as a universal model of computation .
It differs from most URMs in two ways :
Registers are single - assignment .
Once a value for a register has been set , it ca n’t be modified .
This is a common representation in a lot of compilers , and has been since the idea was invented by an IBM researcher in 1985 .
Each register has a type associated with it .
LLVM programs are assembled from basic blocks .
A basic block is a sequence of instructions with no branches .
The phi instruction is used to create conditional execution .
The name comes from the original work in static single assignment , so the semantics will be familiar to anyone who has worked on a compiler that uses this form .
It allows the value of an LLVM register to be set to one of a group of values , depending on the basic block from which the current value was entered .
Consider the following snippet of C :
if ( condition ) a = 1 ; else a = 2 ;
In LLVM , or any other compiler with an SSA intermediate representation , a basic block would be constructed for each of the assignments .
A phi instruction would then be used in the following code to select the correct value for a .
In LLVM , there are two sorts of registers :
Global registers have names that are valid in the entire module ( or possibly the entire program ) .
Local registers have names that are valid only in the current function .
The Intermediate Representation
The core of LLVM is the intermediate representation ( IR ) .
Front ends compile code from a source language to the IR , optimization passes transform the IR , and code generators turn the IR into native code .
LLVM provides three isomorphic representations of the IR .
The most common one used in examples is the assembly format , which looks roughly like an assembly language for a real machine ( although with a few significant differences ) .
A " Hello , world " program might look something like this :
@.str = internal constant [ 12 x i8 ] c" hello world \00 " define i32 @main ( ) nounwind { entry : % tmp1 = getelementptr ( [ 12 x i8 ] * @.str , i32 0 , i32 0 ) % tmp2 = call i32 ( i8 * , ... ) * @printf ( i8 * % tmp1 ) nounwind ret i32 0 }
First is a constant string , @.str .
This has two qualifiers , internal and constant , which are the equivalent of static const in C .
It then has a type .
The square brackets signal that it ’s an array ; in this case , an array of 12 8 - bit integers .
The main function does n’t contain any branches , so it ’s a single basic block .
The label entry : indicates the start of the basic block , and the final instruction , ret , indicates the end .
Every basic block is terminated with some kind of flow - control instruction .
The ret instruction means return ; in this case , returning 0 as a 32 - bit integer .
The type specified by the ret instruction and the return type specified in the function definition must match , or the IR will fail to validate .
Above the return instruction is a call to printf .
Again , note the type signatures everywhere .
The printf function ’s return and argument types are given explicitly , and the types of the arguments are also listed .
nounwind on the end indicates that this function is guaranteed not to throw an exception , which can be used in optimization later .
I ’ve waited until now to describe the first instruction in this basic block because it ’s the one that most commonly causes confusion .
Most programming languages ( certainly , all Algol - family languages ) contain some data structures that are accessed via offsets from their starts .
A lot of CPUs include complex addressing modes for dealing with them .
The getelementptr instruction ( often referred to as GEP ) provides something that can easily map to both .
The first argument is a complex type , in this case our global string variable .
Note that , although the string is declared as an array type , when you reference it you actually get a pointer to that array .
Our printf statement wants a pointer to an i8 , but we have a pointer to an array of i8s .
The remaining arguments to our GEP instruction are element offsets .
The first dereferences the pointer , to give an array .
The second then gets a pointer to the 0th element in the array .
This instruction can get pointers to any element in an arbitrarily - complex data structure .
I ’ve said that it dereferences the pointer , but actually that ’s not quite true .
The GEP instruction just calculates offsets .
When given all zero arguments , as in this example , all it ’s really doing is casting a pointer to another type , which will emit no code in the final code - generation phase .
This instruction could be replaced by a cast instruction that would simply change the pointer types .
Both are semantically valid in this instance , but the GEP instruction is safer because it will validate the types .
While this representation of the IR is the one you ’re likely to see most often , it ’s not the most commonly used format .
When generating IR , it ’s common to use a set of C++ classes that represent it and provide convenience methods for constructing it .
Intermediate values then are referenced simply as pointers to llvm : : Value objects , rather than by name .
Most of the time , the IR is used ; but when being generated , transformed , or emitted , the C++ representation is used .
The final representation is the bitcode , a very dense binary format used to transfer LLVM IR between components in different address spaces .
When using LLVM tools connected by pipes , the bitcode is sent between them .
It can also be serialized to disk and loaded later .
Optimizers Everywhere
The LLVM infrastructure is designed to be modular .
Each of the optimization passes is a self - contained transform that takes LLVM IR as input and produces it as output .
Any combination of the optimizations can be run in any order .
( Sometimes you might even want to run one more than once . )
LLVM aims to allow optimizations to be run at any time .
When a module is compiled to the IR , the first set of optimizations runs .
Then , when it ’s linked with other modules , it can be optimized again .
This functionality is used by the OpenGL Shading Language ( GLSL ) implementation on newer versions of Mac OS X .
GLSL is a language for writing shaders for OpenGL programs , and features a lot of vector operations .
When an OpenGL program runs , the shader program is sent to the driver , which just - in - time ( JIT ) compiles it to the GPU ’s instruction set and loads it .
For GPUs that do n’t support the program , the driver needs to provide fallback code to run the program on the CPU .
Before adopting LLVM , Apple had two GLSL implementations .
One was a simple interpreter , in which every GLSL operation was a simple C function call .
The other was a hand - coded JIT that used emitted AltiVec instructions .
The new version unifies these implementations .
The JIT emits LLVM code that simply calls the functions that the interpreter uses .
However , these functions are compiled to LLVM IR , not to native code .
At runtime , the LLVM link - time optimization passes run , inlining the operations and performing a number of other optimizations .
The final code takes advantage of whatever vector unit the target CPU has ( SSE or AltiVec ) , running about 10 % faster than the original hand - coded JIT .
Since the same code is used in the interpreter as in the JIT , it ’s also much easier to debug .
The IR does n’t have to be compiled to native code ; it can also run in an interpreter .
This approach allows runtime optimizations to be performed , transforming the program at runtime into a more optimal version based on profiling information .
Alternatively , the profiling information can be collected at runtime and the optimizations can be applied between program runs , in what LLVM calls idle - time optimization .
Once the optimizations have run , the IR is exported .
Usually the exported format is machine code for some architecture , but a few other back ends exist , including one that produces C code and one that produces MSIL for the .NET runtime ( still under development ) .
The mechanism is quite simple .
Writing a back end just requires you to map each LLVM instruction to a native instruction ( or sequence of instructions ) .
This is great for RISC architectures , but for something like x86 it ’s not ideal .
In addition to the simple mappings , it ’s also possible to define more complex mappings that translate a sequence of LLVM IR instructions .
These will be tried first , lowered to simpler mappings for architectures that do n’t support the more complex mappings .
This technique is used in particular for emitting vector instructions .
LLVM supports vectors types in the IR .
Operations on vector instructions are generated directly on architectures that support them , or lowered to sequences of scalar operations on ones that do n’t support vectors .
Clang !
The part of LLVM that ’s been getting a lot of attention recently is the C language family front end , known as " clang . "
Currently , for compiling C , C++ , Objective - C , and a few other languages , LLVM uses code taken from GCC — parsing the code with GCC and then converting GIMPLE ( the GCC intermediate representation ) into LLVM IR , which is fed into the optimization stages .
This strategy is not ideal , for two reasons :
GIMPLE throws away some of the semantic information that could be useful to optimizers .
The GCC front end is GPL ’d ( since GCC is GPL’d ) , and the rest of the LLVM code is under a BSD - style license .
Yet another problem : Apple seems to have a corporate allergy to GPLv3 .
and since GCC is now developed under this license , Apple is forced to maintain its fork completely independently of the main version .
Even in version 2 , the GPL presents other problems .
Apple wants to integrate the compiler ’s parser closely with its ( proprietary ) IDE , so that syntax highlighting is done by something that ’s capable of understanding macros and has exactly the same behavior as the compiler .
The idea is that warnings can be displayed without needing to go through the whole compile process .
But the parser from GCC ca n’t be used for this without making the IDE GPL ’d as well .
Last June , Apple began the clang project , a C - family ( C , Objective - C and C++ ) front end for LLVM .
Like the rest of LLVM , this is highly modular , allowing individual parts to be used in other projects easily .
Somewhat unusually for Apple , clang is being developed out in the open , in a University of Illinois , Urbana - Champaign ( UIUC ) Subversion server , with public mailing lists for developers ( also hosted by UIUC ) .
In many ways , the clang front end can be seen as a simple compiler in its own right .
It takes C source code and compiles it into LLVM " machine code . "
Unlike most compilers , it performs no optimizations ( LLVM does those for clang ) .
This approach makes LLVM very interesting for developers who want to implement their own languages .
Writing a compiler that targets LLVM is much easier than producing one that targets a real architecture .
You do n’t have to worry about register allocation at all , and you can produce very inefficient code that still will run fast .
The Code and the People
LLVM is written in C ++.
Regular readers will know that I consider C++ to have almost no redeeming features , and a load of hacks piled on to make up for fundamentally flawed underlying semantics .
That said , LLVM is not bad by C++ standards .
The developers claim that it ’s written in a " tasteful subset " of C++ , which is fairly accurate .
In spite of my dislike for the language , and the fact that it ’s the embodiment of Greenspun ’s Tenth Rule of Programming ( " Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc , informally - specified , bug - ridden , slow implementation of half of Common Lisp " ) , it ’s very easy to use .
It took me four days between looking at the code for the first time and getting my first patch accepted , and for someone who has n’t spent the last five years pretending C++ was just a bad dream it would probably take even less time .
In contrast , every time I look at the GCC code , it takes two people to prevent me from clawing my eyeballs out .
The real make - or - break metric for any open source project is the community .
LLVM ’s community is very friendly , and it ’s a lot of fun to participate .
Even looking in the bug database , particularly at PR1000 , gives you some idea of the kind of people you ’ll find on the project .
LLVM is generating interest from a number of companies , including Apple and Adobe , but is still officially an academic research project , maintaining a nice balance between corporate and academic interests and the greater open source community .
British explorers discover the light at the end of the tunnel ... in the world 's largest cave
A British caving team believe they have discovered the world 's largest cave passage in the heart of the Vietnamese jungle .
The rocky passage is 150 metres long and measures a towering 200 metres in height - seven times as high as the vaulted ceiling of York Cathedral .
Possibly the world 's largest cave passage , Hang Son Doong was discovered in the heart of the Vietnamese jungle by a British caving team .
At 150 m long and 200 m high , it is seven times as high as York Cathedral
Called Hang Son Doong ( Mountain River Cave ) it is believed to be almost twice the size of the current record holder .
' It is a truly amazing sized cave and one of the most significant discoveries by a British caving team , ' said Adam Spillane , a member of the 13 - man expedition team .
Using a laser measuring device known as the LaserRace 300 , which measures height and width , the team are now back in the UK analysing their readings .
Originally discovered in 1991 , the cave had not been entered since , due to the terrifying wind and noise from the large underground river
The cave was originally discovered in 1991 by a Vietnamese Jungle man called Ho Khanh .
However Mr Spillane said no - one had entered if before because ' it emitted a frightful wind and noise which was due to a large underground river ' .
But assisted by representatives of Hanoi University of Science , the joint British - Vietnamese Caving Expedition 2009 spent five days exploring the cave in Phong Nha -Ke Bang National Park in mid-April .
The team spent six hours trekking through the jungle to reached the cave .
Climbing down into a large chamber , they had to negotiate two underground rivers before reaching the main passage of the Hang Son Doong .
The team spent five days exploring the cave after trekking six hours through the jungle to find it .
They had to negotiate two underground rivers before reaching the main passage
The team will return to Vietnam later in the year to complete the expedition of the cave and conduct a full survey .
' The cave is 6.5 km long at present but the end of the main passage still continues with a calcite wall of over 45 m high halting our progress , ' Mr Spillane said .
' More work on the next expedition is required to make a complete exploration of Hang Son Doong and obtain a complete photographic record of the cave .
' It is a great achievement in this day and age to discover and explore such a fantastic cave . '
The Hang Son Doong cave is believed to be almost twice the size of the current record holder .
It has been hailed as ' amazing ' and a ' significant discovery ' by the expedition team
Your front - page story ( Lords : Rise of CCTV is threat to freedom , 6 February ) paints a disappointingly one - sided picture of the use of CCTV , the DNA database and powers that can keep our streets safe and bring criminals to book .
CCTV has helped to reclaim our town centres and public spaces for the law - abiding majority .
It plays a key role in crime prevention and reducing the fear of crime - and CCTV footage was crucial in prosecuting those who planned suicide bombings in London on 21 July 2005 .
I know of no community in the country that has yet to join the crusade of some in the Conservative party for fewer CCTV cameras .
Quite the reverse .
The DNA database has revolutionised police investigations .
Each year , literally hundreds of homicides and rapes are resolved with the use of DNA matches .
Of course , the strengths of the database can only be safeguarded if they enjoy public confidence .
In December I announced immediate steps to remove the DNA of children under 10 from the database , and set out the case for greater flexibility and fairness in the system .
I have made clear the need to avoid frivolous use of investigatory powers , and will shortly consult on revisions to the use of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act .
Where surveillance or data collection impacts on privacy it should only be used where it is both necessary and proportionate .
Those who claim we live in a " surveillance society " need to remember there are two sides to this story .
We need to ensure personal privacy at the same time as we protect the public .
I will continue to strike a commonsense balance between the two .
Jacqui Smith MP
Home secretary
The House of Lords report into surveillance draws attention to a pressing social issue .
However , the debate is locked in a familiar stalemate - those for surveillance and those against it , with little in terms of practical action , technological regulation or legislative change .
Too much focus falls on contemporary surveillance apparatuses and techniques at the expense of understanding the cultural context in which this phenomenon has grown and the social implications that are at stake .
How surveillance in everyday life has become " normalised " through popular cultural broadcasts and texts needs more attention , so too better understanding of the general logic behind surveillance .
It is also worth highlighting that surveillance systems are increasingly developed and administered by commercial institutions using information derived from our web browsers , credit / debit and loyalty cards .
New forms of power have emerged which supplant the notion that the " surveillance society " is some state conspiracy .
Indeed , surveillance needs to be seen as a diverse set of practices .
While the Lords report is valuable , it is already a historical document and thus provides recommendations that are about past or present capabilities , rather than future potentialities ; and it is in this latter period we should be focusing our attentions .
Gavin JD Smith
Lecturer in surveillance studies , City University , London
I have recently agreed to take on a pub in a residential part of Islington .
Under normal circumstances this would have simply involved the existing licence holder signing over the premises ' licence to me .
Unfortunately they had gone insolvent and disappeared so I applied for a new licence , which requires the approval of a number of organisations , including the police .
I was stunned to find the police were prepared to approve , ie not fight , our licence on condition that we installed CCTV capturing the head and shoulders of everyone coming into the pub , to be made available to them upon request .
There was no way that they could have imposed this on the previous licence holder .
As it happens the Islington Labour party headquarters is on the same street as the pub and , being a member , I contacted the MP Emily Thornberry to see if she really thinks she needs her photo taken when she pops in for a pint - needless to say I have not heard from her .
I also spoke with a friend who is the licensing officer for another borough .
Not only did he tell me that there was nothing I could do to overturn this , he also strongly advised me not to blot my copybook with the police by even questioning the request ; I would not want them against me in the future , he said .
I have been spitting teeth in a silent rage since I first heard of this request , but at every turn I am alternately advised to keep my head down or laughed at for my naivety for thinking that the world was ever not thus .
When was it that the constant small erosion of our liberties became irreversible ?
Nick Gibson
London
In Ealing we have a council that has gone overboard with surveillance cameras mounted , ironically , on almost every one of our new " old world " street lights .
At South Ealing underground station there are a mind - boggling 40 cameras covering its every centimetre .
It seems the surveillance industry has fuelled the paranoia and persuaded councils and other public bodies to go down this road to allay exaggerated fears fuelled by the media and supine ministers .
For the manufacturers of the equipment it is a bonanza - with the servicing and monitoring they have an ongoing source of steady income .
John Green
London
I 've actually stood in full view of a CCTV fitted inside a bus one day when a couple of idiots threatened me after I asked them to turn down their music .
It made me feel safer .
Terrorists , rapists and muggers have been convicted thanks to footage to back up testimony .
So , what 's wrong with them ?
As far as I can see , CCTV is a threat to freedom to commit a crime .
Catherine Conroy
London
About The Author Matt Cronin is an avid graphic designer , web designer / developer , Cocoa programmer , photographer , digital artist , and the like .
He also enjoys writing , and does … More about Matt Cronin …
Designing Drop - Down Menus : Examples and Best Practices
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
As a general rule , most Web developers , especially usability enthusiasts , say it is bad practice to use drop - down menus because they are confusing , annoying and oftentimes dysfunctional .
From a design standpoint , however , drop - down menus are an excellent feature because they help clean up a busy layout .
If structured correctly , drop - down menus can be a great navigation tool , while still being a usable and attractive design feature .
Yes , that ’s right : drop - down navigation menus can be user - friendly .
Just yesterday Jacob Nielsen the results of his recent drop - down menus study , in which he found out that big , two - dimensional drop - down panels that group navigation options help users to avoid scrolling and can precisely explain the user ’s choices with effective use of typography , icons , and tooltips .
These panels appear temporarily and disappear on their own when users move the pointer to another top - level option or to a “ regular ” part of the screen .
Huge vertical drop - down panel from Foodnetwork ; notice a close button ( the " x " in the upper right corner ) .
In this article , we take a closer look at the nature of drop - down navigation menus , analyze situations in which they should or should not be used , discuss various implementations and finally showcase a couple of bad and good examples of such menus .
The article also includes various tips and suggestions to help you work with your drop - down menus .
Where To Use Drop - Down Menus
You will often see many trends in which drop - down menus are used .
Here are a few of the most common ones .
Organize Pages In A Section
Most commonly , drop - down menus are used to pull all of the pages in a certain category together in one organized element .
This is essentially sub-navigation .
Take a look at the design below .
A drop - down element contains all of the different categories for a certain section of the website .
Organize Categories
In A Blog
You will see many blogs use a drop - down menu to organize categories and tags .
Why ?
Blogs are driven by a large amount of information , so the layout needs to be as clean as possible to hold that content .
A drop - down menu ultimately helps pull together links , such as categories , out of layout elements , such as the sidebar .
Show Products on an eCommerce Website
You will see many e-commerce websites use drop - down menus to show products or categories of products .
The drop - down menu is a friendly feature that all consumers can easily figure out , so it is a perfect way to organize products .
The Best Buy website , shown below , does just this .
Display Modules
A drop - down can be an excellent way to tuck away an obstructive menu , which the user can click on to reveal .
Take the example below , for instance .
The sign - in element is part of the navigation , then appears in the form of a drop - down .
This is a great way to take this large element out of the layout without negatively impacting usability .
Best Practices
Drop - down menus do in fact organize content into small , uncluttered elements , but if not done correctly , they can be just as bad as a messy layout .
Here are some ways to make this controversial element more usable .
Avoid a Drop - Down with More than Two Levels
Overall , this is just about the worst mistake one could make with drop - down menus in terms of usability .
If done with a hover menu structure , the user will lose focus of the menu whenever the mouse pointer moves away from it .
If done with a clickable structure , it has too many buttons and does n’t work nicely .
The website shown below makes this mistake .
The menus are very difficult to use because if you even slightly lose focus of the menu with the mouse pointer , you have to start from the top .
Notice the tooltip , which also gets in the way of the navigation .
Option 1 : Hover Menu
Basically , there are two ways to approach the drop - down menu : with either a hover or a click to activate the menu .
From a design and convenience standpoint , a hover menu is better .
Option 2 : Clickable Menu
On the other hand , many will argue that a clickable menu is better because it is much more usable .
Reason ?
Because of the way a hover menu is constructed , the user has to have the pointer over the menu at all times .
If the user loses focus of the hover menu , it closes .
Therefore , it is better to go with a drop - down menu that is activated by clicking a button , then deactivated by clicking the button once more .
CSS - Tricks has a tutorial showing how to create a layout similar to that of Digg .
It is a perfect drop - down menu with a click - to - activate / deactivate feature , so it ’s certainly something you should take a look at .
Also , Google features a usable drop - down menu using the click on / off trick .
Delay the Deactivation of a Hover
Avoiding a hover structure and many levels in a drop - down may be too much of a restriction for the navigation you are trying to create .
There is a solution , though , that can improve the usability of a hover and multi - level menu .
With most menus , the drop - down disappears immediately after the user moves the mouse pointer away from the menu .
The solution is to delay its disappearance .
Or , have a click function that requires users to click outside the menu area to close the drop - down , similar to how a Lightbox functions .
Take Dell , for example .
It uses a multi - level drop - down menu , but it is still somewhat usable .
This is the only exception to the use of multi - level drop - down menus .
Furthermore , the menu on the Porsche website has multiple levels .
However , the menu has a very wide focus range .
This means you have to move your pointer a certain distance away from the menu to close it .
Add a Hover Effect to Menu Options
The navigation itself actually affects the usability of the drop - down menu .
One way to make the menu work better with the drop - down is to add a hover effect to the menu options .
This shows exactly which button in the navigation the menu is extending from , which will certainly help users .
The example below , the MediaTemple home page , shows a strong hover effect on the navigation options , which helps to support the drop - down menu .
Seamless Transitions
When a drop - down menu appears , it should appear seamlessly and without interruption .
The menu should load immediately .
Many websites make the mistake of making the menu so “ heavy ” that it takes more than an instant to load upon the hover .
Transition effects are one more detail that can look really cool .
Instead of the menu simply appearing , try throwing in a wipe down or fade in .
Just be sure to make the transition quick and not disruptive .
You will notice that Microsoft does n’t do a very good job of creating a seamless menu .
Observe the image below closely .
You will notice that outlines from adjacent menus are still visible when the main menu is loading .
When you move from button to button in the navigation , the drop - down menus have a slight lag , which looks bad .
Of course , this does n’t occur in all browsers , but it should n’t occur in any .
Remove Tooltips
Of course , when designing drop - down menus , there are always little details that impact usability .
One important practice you may overlook is the presence of tooltips , or the lack of tooltips .
You should always remove tooltips from buttons with drop - down menus .
Reason ?
Tooltips just get in the way and sometimes even block the first list item in the drop - down menu .
Yes , we will be picking on Microsoft once more .
Microsoft makes this mistake on its corporate page .
Notice how the tooltip blocks many of the list items , which makes navigation that much more difficult .
Styling Techniques
Content backgrounds can be somewhat of a challenge , too .
The background has to be subtle , or it will ruin the content .
Here are a few ways to liven up content backgrounds without going over the top .
Use a Clean List
Not only is the element styling important , but the content styling is important , too .
Clean typography and a readable list are important .
Use smart spacing between elements in the list , and add a border above and below list items .
The example below from Audi shows a very well - organized and readable list .
The list items are separated , and there are even list item icons .
On the other hand , The Washington Post ’s website has a very poor list in the drop - down menu .
There is not enough spacing between list items , so the menu is very cluttered and difficult to use .
Hover Effects on List Items
All buttons need some sort of hover effect to be more usable .
In drop - down menu lists , apply subtle hover effects , perhaps just a text color or background change .
The White House website uses only a background change on list items , but it still helps the user .
Semi-Transparent Background
This wo n’t work for all designs , but you should consider a semi- transparent background for the menu .
The website shown below has a transparency , so the user can still see through to the image background .
The key to semi- transparent elements is to keep a strong and readable contrast .
Keep Styling Consistent with Menu
You will hear everywhere that consistency in styling is a must , and it certainly is .
For navigation and a drop - down menu to work together as one unit , as they should , the styling needs to be similar .
Use the same fonts and a similar background .
In the example below , the drop - down menu looks as it should .
Poorly Constructed Menus
Below are some examples of drop - down menus that fall short somewhere with styling and usability .
Navigant Consulting
This menu is poorly styled and dysfunctional .
Panasonic
Although this menu is well - styled , it is difficult to use because of a bad hover effect .
Toshiba
The Toshiba menu is too small and does not follow good styling practices .
LG
Like the Microsoft menu above , this one has a slight lag , which makes it hard to use .
Chrysler
The Chrysler page uses a drop - down menu with very small text , which makes it difficult to read .
Sun
These drop - down menus are rather fidgety and hard to use .
The tooltip gets in the way , too , and directly above the main navigation is another drop - down menu .
All of this makes it very difficult to navigate .
Creative Labs
The menu below is cluttered and does not have a delayed hiding or similar technique , so it is not very usable .
HP
Another hover menu that lacks usable features .
Alienware
The black menu on the black design makes this drop - down difficult to use .
Good Drop - Down Menus
Here are many drop - down menus that have good usability and styling features .
Sony
A well - constructed hover menu with a good list .
ActionEnvelope
A clean vertical drop - down panel with a lot of padding ; notice , how the panel appear to be above other design elements .
Simple and beautiful solution .
Helmy Bern
A beautifully styled menu , with a fade transition .
RedBrick
This menu is cleanly styled and very readable .
REI
This drop - down is very wide , so it is easy to keep the mouse in focus .
Philips
Philips has a large and usable drop - down module .
Walmart
On the Walmart site , the user clicks on the area outside the menu to close it .
Samsung
The Samsung menu is usable because of its large size and styling .
Epson
Epson shows another usable drop - down menu .
Mini Cooper
This website uses a drop - down menu with delayed closing .
Gateway
Here is another usable drop - down element .
Asus Global
A well - styled menu that has delayed hiding .
Intel
A very clean drop - down menu .
Target
A well - organized menu that has delayed closing .
Garmin
This drop - down menu is simple yet functional .
Logitech
A drop - down with very nice styling that matches the menu .
Incase
This menu is very basic but serves its purpose .
evelMerch
A small yet functional drop - down , with a graphic to show users that the button opens a menu .
IBM
A multi -level drop - down is used here , but a slight delay makes this one easier to use .
EA
A very clean and well - organized drop - down element .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Welcome to the Hall of Shame !
As any veteran Scambaiter will tell you , our arch enemies the scammers , love to try out their photo editing skills in the vain hope of fooling us into thinking the " photographic identity " they have sent us is really them .
As scambaiters , we try to convince the scammers to send trophy pictures , such as the ones in the Trophy Room .
Some scammers think they are clever enough to fool us by sending faked images .
Every now and then they send out fake pictures so incredibly bad that they are minor masterpieces !
Quite often we receive fakes so horribly put together that it would be hard to imagine that they can get any worse , however we are invariably made to rethink the abilities of these master forgers !
We are constantly amazed that scammers expect us to be fooled by these efforts .
It should be noted as in the Trophy Room , that most of the names given to us by the scammers are false .
For instance you will see names such as Charles Taylor , Mariam Abacha or Joseph Estrada being used quite a lot .
Names are to be taken with a pinch of salt as scammers love to take on the identity of important government officials or heads of state .
WARNING : Some of the images below may be so badly put together that you may feel the urge to laugh uncontrollably .
419eater.com takes no responsibility for any laundry bills that may be incurred by viewing the following pictures !
All images below are displayed as thumbnails .
Click on any image to enlarge it .
( please ensure you have JAVASCRIPT enabled in order to view the full - size images )
The shortage of building materials means many families are still living in tents
By Jeremy Bowen
BBC Middle East Editor , Gaza City
I can't imagine what Gaza would be like if it did n't have the sea .
The other morning its tiny piece of the Mediterranean was coming in lazy and calm , and a light breeze was blowing down the beach .
If you are Gazan and your soul is troubled , or if you just want some space , the beach must be one of the better places to go .
GAZA AFTER THE CONFLICT 80 % living on less than $ 2 a day 35,000 without running water 20,000 homes destroyed or damaged 80 % living on less than $ 2 a day 10 % without electricity 800 private businesses destroyed or damaged 324 factories destroyed or damaged 450,000 carnations exported since Feb , of 6 m expected to be produced by late April 35 % of UN OCHA flash appeal funding received 52 drugs out of stock in Gaza hospitals Sources : UN OCHA , UNRWA , UNDP , Palestinian Federation of Industries , Palestine Trade Centre , WHO
You can see people walking on the sand , and sitting talking on plastic chairs late at night , or climbing over the rocks and watching the waves and a horizon that most have never crossed .
Most of Gaza 's 1.5 million Palestinians are impoverished and are not allowed to leave by their Israeli and Egyptian neighbours .
It is hard to think of another place in the world that can be as oppressive .
But considering that Gazans have so much experience of war , loss and bloodshed , it is remarkable that the human spirit here is so resilient .
But it has been severely tested by everything that has happened this year .
Life was hard enough anyway before the January conflict , mainly because of the blockade imposed by Israel and supported by its allies .
Eighty per cent of Gaza 's population lives in poverty , defined here as an income of less than $ 2 daily .
But since the Israeli offensive things have got much worse .
The UN says that 35,000 people do n't have running water .
More than 20,000 homes have been destroyed or damaged .
The beach is one of the few places Gazans can go for space and tranquility
In the Egyptian resort of Sharm al - Sheikh in early March international donors promised US $ 4.48 bn to rebuild Gaza .
The money , which comes in through procedures designed to keep it away from Hamas , the Islamist group that controls Gaza , has funded some of the immediate needs of the population .
But it has n't yet made a difference to the way that people live .
Israel still will allow in virtually no building materials - such as steel , cement and piping - which it says Hamas would use for military purposes .
Living in tents
So the people who have been living in tents , or in the ruins of their homes , still do .
Next to the village of Izbet Abed Rabbo , now mainly rubble , in the northern Gaza Strip close to the border with Israel , lines of frame tents are pitched in orderly rows .
Games and activities are encouraged to help children in Gaza overcome trauma
They are nice ones , the sort you will see this summer if you go to one of the camping sites on more peaceful stretches of the Mediterranean coast .
They were not cheery bright holiday colours but khaki , which suggests they came from someone 's army .
Life in Gaza can be intense .
Pain and suffering runs very deep , and pleasure when it comes is something to grab and hold hard .
Near the tents in Izbet Abed Rabbo they were having a children 's party .
A man dressed as a clown was supervising some boisterous games .
In one of them blindfolded children were racing to feed another one , unblindfolded , a whole pot of runny - looking chocolate pudding .
Only a fraction of the flowers grown have been exported
The girl who ate fastest looked like she was going to drown as her big sister advanced on her with the spoon .
The prize was a small bunch of carnations , beautiful fresh flowers that used to go for export .
They have no commercial value anymore , but the children who were given them , whose families have lost everything , looked as if they liked them very much .
A solemn man in a tweed jacket walked out of the chaos and explained that the games ( including orange peeling contests and races to blow flour off a plate ) were designed to help the children recover from everything they have been through .
He was proud that the volunteers who had organised it , all local people , had paid for the party too .
It seemed as important for their mental health as it was for the children's .
Audio slideshow : Homeless in Gaza
In this part of the Middle East one of the most damaging consequences of the last years of bloodshed has been the loss of hope .
I met Raad al - Athamna , a taxi driver and father of seven children , who stood on a low pile of rubble that was his house until Israeli forces destroyed it .
He thumbed through photos of a decent home surrounded by mature trees , children playing in Gaza 's dusty sunshine and doing their school studies .
Raad worked hard to create that life for his family , which has now gone .
Now his 12 - year - old boy wets the bed every night , another child sleepwalks and his eldest girl , once a star pupil , has nowhere to study and cries when she thinks about the future .
Across the border
It is not just Palestinians who worry about what happens next .
Over the border in the Israeli town of Sderot , which has borne the brunt of Palestinian rocket fire over the last eight years , I met Avi Mamam .
He is a fireman whose house was badly damaged by a rocket fired out of Gaza .
Palestinian rockets have plagued southern Israel for eight years
The experiences of Israelis and Palestinians either side of the Gaza border in December and January were not equivalent .
One hundred times more Palestinians than Israelis died .
The level of destruction in Gaza is massively more extensive than in Israel .
But Avi , who was looking after his elderly , wheelchair bound mother as he showed me round what is left of his house , still seems to be at a crossroads , looking ahead at a future that should be much more certain .
He is a family man , with sons in the army , wondering whether it is worth rebuilding within rocket range of Gaza , assuming his compensation comes through .
Avi , like the overwhelming majority of Israelis , believes the war was justified .
But in the end , he says , there will have to be some sort of agreement with Hamas , because they are part of real life in this part of the world and people , on both sides , need to live in peace .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ARTIST SONG ALBUM Papa Charlie Jackson Salty Dog Blues ( Take 2 ) Shake That Thing : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Papa Charlie Jackson I Got What It Takes But It Breaks My Heart to Give It Away Shake That Thing : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Papa Charlie Shake That Thing ( Take 2 ) Shake That Thing : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Whistlin ' Pete & Daddy Stovepipe Tuxedo Blues Alabama Black Country Dance Bands 1924 -1949 Daddy Stovepipe 35 Depression Alabama Black Country Dance Bands 1924 -1949 Pete & Catjuice Charlie In Kentucky Wait For Me : Songs of Love and Lust and Discontentment Pete & Catjuice Charlie On Our Turpentine Farm I 've Got the Blues But I 'm Too Damn Mean to Cry Papa Charlie Jackson Skoodle - Um - Skoo Blues Images Vol. 3 Papa Charlie Jackson Sheik of Displaines Street Look Out Papa Don't Tear Your Pants : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Papa Charlie Jackson Long Gone Lost Broadcasting the Blues Will Ezell & Elzadie Robinson Galveston Blues The Rise & Fall of Paramount Records Vol. 1 Will Ezell Pitchin’ Boogie Shake Your Wicked Knees Papa Charlie Jackson & Lucille Bogan Jim Tampa Blues Papa Charlie Done Sung That Song Papa Charlie Jackson & Blind Blake Papa Charlie Jackson and Blind Blake Talk About It The Rise & Fall of Paramount Records Vol. 2 Papa Charlie Jackson & Big Boy Teddy Edwards Who Did You Give My Barbecue To? Pt. 1 Big Boy Teddy Edwards 1930 - 1936 Ma Rainey & Papa Charlie Big Feeling Blues The Essential Ma Rainey Papa Charlie Jackson I'm Looking for a Woman Who Knows How to Treat Me Right Look Out Papa Don't Tear Your Pants : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Papa Charlie Jackson ' Tai n't What You Do But How You Do It I'll Be Gone Baby : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Mississippi Sarah & Daddy Stovepipe Read Your ABC 's Blues Images Vol. 17 Mississippi Sarah & Daddy Stovepipe Greenville Strut Ruckus Juice & Chitlins , Vol. 2 : The Great Jug Band Pigmeat Pete & Catjuice Charlie You'se My Friend Coot Grant & Wesley Wilson Vol. 2 1928-1931 Pigmeat Pete & Catjuice Charlie Hard Times John 's Old Time Show Will Ezell Old Mill Blues The Rise & Fall of Paramount Records Vol. 1 Blind Roosevelt Graves and His Brother & Will Ezell Crazy About My Baby The Rise & Fall of Paramount Records Vol. 1 Papa Charlie Jackson Bad Luck Woman Blues Look Out Papa Don't Tear Your Pants : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Papa Charlie Jackson I'm Going Where the Chilly Winds Don't Blow Shake That Thing : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Papa Charlie Jackson All I Want Is a Spoonful Shake That Thing : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Mississippi Sarah & Daddy Stovepipe If You Want Me Baby When The Sun Goes Down Mississippi Sarah & Daddy Stovepipe The Spasm Essential Alabama Blues 1926 - 1952 Will Ezell Georgia Skin Memphis Minnie & Kansas Joe Vol. 2 1929 - 1930 Will Ezell Moanin ' The Blues Masters of the Memphis Blues Will Ezell Little Rock Blues Memphis Masters Papa Charlie Jackson Butter and Egg Man Blues Memphis Jug Band and Cannon 's Jug Stompers Papa Charlie Jackson Up the Way Bound Look Out Papa Don't Tear Your Pants : The Music of Papa Charlie Jackson Freddie Keppard 's Jazz Cardinals & Papa Charlie Jackson
Salty Dog # 2 The Frog Blues & Jazz Annual No. 5
Show Notes :
Today ’s show is part of a semi- regular feature I call Forgotten Blues Heroes that spotlights great , but little remembered blues artists that do n’t really fit into my weekly themed shows .
Today we spotlight a twelve year span , 1924 - 1935 , spotlighting one popular recording artists and several others that cut records with much less fanfare .
Papa Charlie Jackson was one of the earliest solo bluesman on record and quite a popular one during his heyday .
The bulk of his almost one hundred sides were made between 1924 - 1930 with final sides made in 1934 .
Johnny Watson , alias Daddy Stovepipe was singer / harp blower from Alabama who first recorded in 1924 ( just a few months prior to Jackson ) , made some memorable sides in the 30’s with his wife Mississippi Sarah and was still playing on Maxwell Street in the 60’s when he was last recorded .
Pigmeat Pete & Catjuice Charlie were Wesley Wilson and Harry McDaniels who cut some highly amusing sides in the late 20’s and 30’s .
Pianist Will Ezell was a house pianist and talent scout for Paramount Records who cut some fine piano records under his own name and backed several singers like Elzadie Robinson and Lucille Bogan .
Little is known about Papa Charlie Jackson who was born William Henry Jackson .
It is generally believed he was born in New Orleans , Louisiana , on November 10 , 1887 .
He is also thought to have started out playing in medicine and minstrel shows before World War I .
By 1920 Jackson had settled in Chicago , where he gave guitar lessons , worked in clubs , and played for tips along Maxwell Street .
By the early twenties he was a popular entertainer performing in Chicago nightclubs and at the Maxwell Street Marketplace .
It was here that he was “ discovered ” by Paramount Records agent Mayo Williams and brought to the attention of the folks at Paramount Records .
Jackson was one of the most successful artists to record for Paramount Records .
He was a compelling singer and songwriter who accompanied himself on a six string banjo often referred to as a guitar - banjo or tenor banjo .
He also played the ukulele .
He employed a finger picking technique or used a flat pick .
The Paramount Book of Blues , a 1927 promotional booklet , gave this insight into Papa Charlie Jackson :
From the ancient - historical city of New Orleans , came Charlie Jackson — a witty - cheerful - kind hearted man — who , with his joy - ous sounding voice and his banjo , sang and strummed his way into the hearts of thousands of people .
When he first contracted to sing and play for Paramount — many pessimistic persons laughed , and said they were certain no one wanted to hear comedy songs sung by a man strumming a banjo .
But it was n’t long before they realized how wrong they were .
Charlie and his records took the entire country by storm , and now — people like nothing better than to come home after a tiring and busy day and play his records .
His hearty voice and gay , harmoni-ous strumming on the banjo , causes their cares and worries to dwin - dle away , and gives them a careful frame of mind , and makes life one sweet song .
By 1924 he was cutting his first two sides at Paramount .
They were “ Papa ’s Lawdy Lawdy Blues ” and “ Airy Man Blues . ”
Among biggest hits were “ Shake That Thing ” recorded in 1925 .
Other significant recordings were , “ Alabama Bound ” , “ Spoonful ” and “ Salty Dog . ”
These tunes have served as a template for other blues songs and have been covered many times through the years .
He also recorded duets with Ida Cox , Ma Rainey , Hattie McDaniel and played on record with Blind Blake .
Attesting to his popularity , and the confidence of his record company , his records were advertised in the Chicago Defender over two - dozen times .
Jackson ’s unusual guitar - banjo sound brought him session work backing other blues artists .
It ’s believed he accompanied singer Lottie Beaman on the October 1924 Paramount session for “ Mama Ca n’t Lose , ” with Jimmy Blythe on piano .
During April 1925 Jackson joined Ida Cox on the two - part “ Mister Man , ” playing guitar - banjo and adding vocals .
He rejoined Cox in September for “ How Long Daddy , How Long . ”
In 1927 he backed Lucille Bogan .
During October 1928 , Jackson joined Ma Rainey on “ Ma and Pa Poorhouse Blues ” and “ Big Feeling Blues . ”
In 1929 he dueted with Blind Blake on the two - part part “ Papa Charlie and Blind Blake Talk about It . ”
In another promotional effort , Paramount featured a segment of Papa Charlie ’s “ Shake That Thing ” on its two - part Paramount All Stars 78 of “ Hometown Skiffle , ” advertised in February 1930 as a “ descriptive novelty featuring Blind Lemon Jefferson , Blind Blake , Will Ezell , Charlie Spand , the Hokum Boys , Papa Charlie Jackson . ”
The success of Jackson ’s “ Salty Dog Blues ” and “ Shake That Thing ” reportedly convinced producer Mayo Williams to scout and record other solo blues artists such as Blind Blake and Blind Lemon Jefferson , who ’d most likely been scouted by Art Laibly after being advised by Sam Price .
By year ’s end , “ Shake That Thing ” had been covered by Eva Taylor for OKeh and by Ethel Waters for Columbia .
Within months , there were new versions out by Viola McCoy on Vocalion and by Jackson ’s label mates Viola Bartlette and Jimmie O’Bryant ’s Famous Original Washboard Band .
In September 1925 Jackson made the first recording of “ Spoonful , ” titled “ All I Want Is a Spoonful . ”
Jackson did n’t record between 1931 - 1933 but returned to the studio in 1934 to record with “ Big ” Bill Broonzy : “ At the Break of Day ” and “ I Want to Go Home . ”
Broonzy claimed to have studied guitar with Jackson .
Jackson also backed Big Boy Edwards on six string banjo on his great record , “ Who Did I Give My Barbeque Too . ”
He also cut his final four sides the same year .
Little is known about the final years of his life but his death certificate states that he died on May 7 , 1938 .
Johnny Watson , alias Daddy Stovepipe was born in Mobile , Alabama , on April 12th 1867 and died in Chicago , November 1st 1963 .
By the 1920 ’s he was working as a one - man band on Maxwell Street in Chicago , where he acquired the name “ Daddy Stovepipe ” from the characteristic top hat he wore .
A veteran of the turn of the century medicine shows , he was in his late fifties when he became one of the first blues harp players to appear on record in 1924 .
In 1927 he made more recordings , this time in Birmingham , Alabama for Gennett Records .
He made more recordings back in Chicago in 1931 for the Vocalion label with his wife , “ Mississippi Sarah ” , a singer and jug player and made more recordings with her in 1935 .
He spent his last years as a regular performer on Chicago ’s Maxwell Street , where he made his last recordings in 1960 .
Will Ezell was born in Brenham , Texas , around 70 miles northwest of Houston , on December 23 , 1892 .
He started playing in barrelhouses as an itinerant pianist in the early to mid-1910s .
His June 1917 draft record places Ezell in New Orleans working as a self - employed musician .
Over the next few years he continued to work at gin mills , rent parties and various labor venues , most notably the river sawmill camps of Louisiana and East Texas .
These camps contained the origin of the barrelhouses , usually a shack made from a railroad box car that used barrels for tables .
Such places also functioned as brothels and gambling dens , and the presence of a pianist also made it into a dance hall of sorts .
It was during these wanderings in the early 1920 ’s that Ezell reportedly teamed up on occasion with blues singer Elzadie Robinson .
She came originally from Shreveport , Louisiana , and had performed through Eastern Texas and Louisiana , even up the Mississippi River to St. Louis , Missouri .
More than one source puts Will Ezell ’s arrival in Chicago from Louisiana as around 1925 .
He played in both Chicago and Detroit where became friends with pianists Arthur “ Blind ” Blake and Charlie Spand .
They often gathered early in the week at Blake ’s apartment to exchange ideas and just play for fun before running off to their respective gigs through the weekend .
Late in 1926 Ezell started working at Paramount Records .
Paramount records , in spite of their Wisconsin headquarters , had a studio in Chicago as well , which is how many of the early blues and boogie players were able to lay down tracks for posterity .
Ezell was , therefore , among the first , but not the first , pianist to record boogie - woogie styled sides .
Ezell was soon considered the flexible go - to guy at Paramount , as he could quickly adapt to accompanying nearly anybody , his initial role with the label .
Starting in 1926 he backed several blues ladies on record including Elzadie Robinson , Marie Bradley , Ora Brown , Bertha Henderson and Side Wheel Sally Duffie .
He gained the trust of Aletha Dickerson who became the self - appointed recording manager of the Chicago branch of Paramount in 1928 following the departure of J. Mayo Williams .
Ezell worked as an on - the - spot arranger and pseudo - producer for many dates between 1928 and 1931 .
He also likely recommended some of his colleagues , particularly Charlie Spand , who recorded for Paramount between 1929 and 1931 .
However , in late 1927 he was also allowed to “ cut his own records on the label , cutting several impressive boogie and blues - tinged piano tracks into early 1929 .
He also made several fine records by Blind Roosevelt Graves and his brother in 1929 .
During a refitting of the Chicago studios , Paramount artists co-opted the Gennett Records studio in Richmond , Indiana .
The sessions cut here by Charlie Spand , Baby James , “ Blind ” Roosevelt Graves and Ezell are among the highest quality released by Paramount .
These were nearly the last that Ezell would be involved in , other than a novelty by the “ Paramount All Stars ” late in the year , featuring snippets of pieces by different artists on the label .
Among the duties evidently either handed to or taken on by Ezell was handling of special needs of some of the artists and management at Paramount .
Indeed , it has been reported that when Paramount blues guitarist and singer Blind Lemon Jefferson died in December 1929 , Ezell personally escorted the body back to their native Texas where he was buried on January 1 or 2 , 1930 .
Will Ezell was born in Brenham , Texas , around 70 miles northwest of Houston , on December 23 , 1892 .
He started playing in barrelhouses as an itinerant pianist in the early to mid-1910s .
His June 1917 draft record places Ezell in New Orleans working as a self - employed musician .
Over the next few years he continued to work at gin mills , rent parties and various labor venues , most notably the river sawmill camps of Louisiana and East Texas .
These camps contained the origin of the barrelhouses , usually a shack made from a railroad box car that used barrels for tables .
Such places also functioned as brothels and gambling dens , and the presence of a pianist also made it into a dance hall of sorts .
was during these wanderings in the early 1920s that Ezell reportedly teamed up on occasion with blues singer Elzadie Robinson .
She came originally from Shreveport , Louisiana , and had performed through Eastern Texas and Louisiana , even up the Mississippi River to St. Louis , Missouri .
Ezell was still performing in Chicago in the early 1930 ’s , and was known to have been present at some sessions in 1930 and 1931 at Paramount .
The company was in trouble , and in 1931 had closed the Chicago studio , choosing to record in Grafton , Wisconsin .
Ezell went back on the road , including to his old stomping grounds Louisiana where performer Clarence Hall remembers playing with him in 1931 .
Otherwise , reports of his wanderings , even though he was likely still based in Chicago , are scant at best .
While he was mostly invisible for the remainder of the 1930 ’s , researcher John Steiner wrote that Cripple Clarence Lofton , who owned the Big Apple Tavern on South State Street near 47th , reportedly hosted Ezell , Charlie Spand , Leroy Garnett and other former Paramount blues performers over the years on his stage .
Ezell passed in Chicago in 1970 .
Wesley Wilson was born and raised in Jacksonville , Florida .
He played the piano and organ , and his wife and musical partner , Coot Grant ( Leola B. Pettigrew , whose legal name became Leola Wilson ) , played the guitar and sang and danced .
The duo was variously billed as Grant and Wilson , Kid and Coot , and Hunter and Jenkins , as they went on to appear and later record with Fletcher Henderson , Mezz Mezzrow , Sidney Bechet , and Louis Armstrong .
Their variety was such that they performed separately and together in vaudeville , musical comedies , revues and traveling shows .
They cut over sixty sides between 1925 and 1938 .
Wilson also recorded over a dozen very entertaining duets between 1929 and 1931 with partner Catjuice Pete ( Harry McDaniels ) , using the name Pigmeat Pete . ”
Dean smacks down Scarborough : Budget criticism ' total nonsense ' David Edwards
Published : Wednesday March 25 , 2009
Print This Email This
Two days after joining CNBC as a contributor , former DNC chair Howard Dean tangoed with the conservative leaning host of a morning show on a sister network .
On his Morning Joe show , MSNBC's Joe Scarborough criticized President Obama 's budget proposal Wednesday morning , claiming that it was similar to what the GOP did during " eight years of recklessness . "
" Did we choose this ?
He always talks about moving this in a new direction .
Fiscally , this is going down the same path that George Bush and Republicans took us down eight years , " Scarborough asserted .
Dean interrupted , " Joe , that 's total nonsense . "
" In your heart that the spending proposed in this budget , what we are bailing out Wall Street , is unsustainable , " argued Scarborough .
Dean disagreed .
" First of all , there 's -- there 's no federal balance sheet affected by the Geithner proposal to deal with getting the toxic assets off , " explained Dean .
" They very wisely put a lot of private money into that and that 's guaranteed by the federal government and we are going to end up making money off that . " .
" Second of all , we are not nationalizing health care , " Dean added .
" We are giving the American people a choice of what they want to do .
Which is a lot better than not giving them the choice . "
This video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast Mar. 25 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
[ 2009 - 04 - 12 : I ’ve decided to back off this specific argument of “ atheist ” applying to those that lack belief .
The reason for this is that although the definitions I point to in this piece agree with my more broad description of atheism , the Oxford English Dictionary describes atheism now as “ A belief in the non-existence of Gods ” .
That being the case it ’s no longer logical to keep arguing for the secondary definition .
I This does n’t change the overall character of my argument , however , so I ’ll be modifying it at some point in the future to account for this development . ]
During some recent discussions about religion I ’ve had at least one friend whom I consider extremely intelligent call himself an “ agnostic ” in the context of his belief in God .
Here I will argue that he , and virtually everyone like him , are in fact atheists , and that they should , in order to enable higher - quality dialog on the topic of superstition vs. reason , identify themselves as such 1 .
Atheism
The most common misconception about atheism is that all atheists are 100 % convinced that no godlike entity exists anywhere in the universe .
This is false .
Very few atheists of a particular type called “ strong atheists ” hold this extreme view , and the general definition of atheism 2 is much more broad .
Most atheists are what are called “ weak atheists ” , or “ implicit atheists ” , meaning they are n’t making any claims at all , but rather rejecting the claims made by others .
This view of atheism can also be seen in common definitions of the word .
Google ’s definition service defines atheism as : 1 . Disbelief in or denial of the existence of God or gods .
2 . The doctrine that there is no God or gods , and dictionary .com defines atheism as : a person who denies or disbelieves the existence of a supreme being or beings .
Key to this definition is the word disbelief .
This is a crucial portion of most dictionary definitions of atheism , and disbelief is , literally , the “ lack ” of belief , and not the presence of an opposing belief , as is shown in this definition of “ disbelief ” in the Oxford English Dictionary .
Many refuse to identify themselves as atheists because they cannot be sure there is no god , but what they fail to realize is that while being agnostic pending evidence in one direction or another , their admitted lack of belief in the meantime fully satisfies the criteria for atheism .
So it is n’t that they are atheists and not agnostic , but rather that their status as an agnostic plants them firmly in the territory of atheism by default .
The Difference Between ( A ) theism and ( A ) gnosticism
As shown above , there is much confusion regarding the difference between theism and gnosticism .
Theism refers to one ’s belief in God or gods , and gnosticism is an epistemological term that deals with how much it is possible to know about something –specifically , creation , death , and other serious human spiritual matters .
The graphic above shows how theism ( belief ) and gnosticism ( knowability ) are related but distinct .
Looking at the diagram it ’s clear that a number of combinations can exist :
the green dot represents someone who neither believes in any gods , nor believes the ultimate spiritual answers are really knowable
the red dot represents someone who thinks not only that the answers are knowable , but but also strongly believes in a God ( which presumably would give glimpses of that knowledge )
it ’s also possible , however , to be a gnostic atheist , i.e. someone who believes the answers to the ultimate spiritual questions are knowable , and does n’t currently have any belief in any gods , or , conversely , an agnostic believer who believes in a God fully but does n’t think the deeper answers or understanding is knowable to humans
In short , there is no linear “ scale of certainty ” between agnosticism and atheism , with agnosticism representing a lack of certainty and atheism representing certainty .
This is a misrepresentation of both theism ( belief ) and gnosticism ( epistemology ) .
Conclusion
There are many variations of both atheism and agnosticism , and this has not been an attempt to enumerate or describe these subtleties .
The only issue being dealt with here is the fact that atheism includes both weak ( no belief ) and strong ( explicit belief in the absence ) views on the presence of gods , and that most atheists , including myself and even Richard Dawkins , are of the weak ( no belief ) form .
So , given the fact that standard atheists and agnostics both lack belief in a god , and that atheism is much more precise term for this position , there is no reason other than fear of social backlash to identify as agnostic–especially since calling yourself an agnostic is n’t really describing your beliefs anyway .
To most believers , the term “ agnostic ” means that you ’re do n’t care or think about the issue , not that you actually “ do n’t believe ” due to a lack of evidence .
So describing yourself as an agnostic is not really an act of making a distinction between agnosticism and strong atheism ; what it really equates to is an unwillingness to confront or engage a believer on the issue at all , and that ’s what I ’m against .
It is time to shed our reluctance to be clear , through self - identification , that we reserve the right as intellectuals in the 21st century to reject without evidence claims that are made without evidence .
You are an atheist , and the time has come to stop obscuring this fact behind the diluted term of “ agnostic ” in an attempt to appease the unreasonable . ::
Notes
1 People often ask why I think this is important .
This is a good question , and the answer is that I believe human civilization is being actively retarded by those who seek to forge social policy based on superstition rather than reason , and the time has come to actively engage in dialog on the topic .
The first phase of that is properly identifying the beliefs held by both sides .
2 This article on about.com covers the many definitions that atheism has held over time , starting with its origin , and it clearly demonstrates that a passive “ lack of belief ” has been , and continues to be , part of the definition .
Related
[ An Atheist Debate Reference | danielmiessler.com ]
[ How I Became an Atheist | danielmiessler.com ]
[ A Letter to Religious Moderates | danielmiessler.com ]
© 1990 -2012 by Stewart T. Coffin
For questions or comments regarding this site , contact the chief metagrobologist :
I had an amazing three days at PyCon 2009 in Chicago .
I wo n’t have a coherent write - up ( at least not just yet ) , so these scattered notes will have to do :
The weather was a great example of why not to hold conferences in Chicago : cold , wet , even snowy .
Maybe next year we can hold PyCon someplace warm , like Siberia ( it will actually be in Atlanta ) .
On the other hand , it was great to be able to get on the Ell and be in the middle of a vibrant city .
Twitter was much bigger here this year than in the past , certainly for me .
It helped create a sense of a single hive mind , letting me keep up with the talks I was n’t watching , and find out what was going on elsewhere .
I focused a lot of my time on testing topics , both because it ’s the thing I need to learn more about for work , and because of my interest in providing tools to other developers .
There was a huge amount of energy devoted to testing at this PyCon .
The testing BoF on Saturday night was a combination frat party and lightning talk session that went on until 11 pm .
I gave two talks , on coverage testing and C extensions , which I think went well , and seemed to be well received , so that was very gratifying .
I took note of good one - liners , newsworthy tidbits , and interesting projects to follow - up on :
Barry Hawkins on the Python community : we ’re like the Elves at Rivendell , and hobbits show up and are impressed , and ask , “ Why do n’t you tell more people about this ? ” , and Elves / Pythonistas respond , “ Meh , we just do what we do . ”
Brett Cannon is making the choice of what DVCS to use for Python core development .
He compared svn to prune - juice : the old standby , but not interesting any more .
Git is out of the running , they will choose between Mercurial and Bazaar , maybe as early as this week .
Jonathan Ellis lightninged on distributed databases , emphasizing Cassandra , which he claims does a good job on scalable writes , unlike many other solutions .
Jonathan Hayward : Asimov said , “ The most exciting phrase to hear in science is not “ Eureka ! ” but , “ that ’s funny . . ”
Windmill deserves another look for in - browser web app testing .
It looks really capable .
Mike Fletcher talked about his profiling visualizer called Run Snake Run , which I saw a little of in the speaker prep room .
It looked very impressive , but I did n’t see his talk .
Kevin Boers demonstrated his approach to testing with twill .
He had a really good approach , building up abstractions to get to a point where each web page is represented in the tests by a class that can operate the page , and then building scenarios up from there .
Unfortunately , twill wo n’t help with Javascript applications , so it ’s good for basic HTTP testing , but does n’t get to rich applications .
In his GUI testing talk , Michael Foord offered this quote : “ If you write applications without tests then you are a bad person , incapable of love . ” — Wilson Bilkovich .
Catherine Devlin did a lightning talk showing off a very cool SQL tool that lets you work with tabular SQL data as if it were Unix file data : sqlpython .
playerpiano is a tool for better Python presentations .
It runs doctests in an interactive Python session so that you do n’t have to try to type code on stage .
pymite is a micro-Python ( subset ) for micro-controllers : it runs in 4Kb of RAM !
web2 py is another web framework that looks very slick , and was used to build the PyCon site .
DVDev is like Trac for Mercurial .
Melkjug is a tunable news reader .
txLoadBalancer is a Twisted - based load balancer .
Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian from Reddit gave an entertaining keynote discussing the history of Reddit and some of the interesting things they do now .
Reddit has been open - sourced , leading to some , shall we say , interesting clones .
Reddit is working on an open - source CSS compiler called C55 to provide variables , nesting , and functions in CSS , just like what every procedural programmer who writes CSS wants .
Reddit has an interesting thumbnailer that looks for the most interesting square of pixels in an image , sometimes with humorous results .
I met a lot of great people , some of whom I knew by name , some of whom were new to me .
Both knew and new were great to meet face to face : Aaron Maxwell , Menno Smits , Ken Whitesell , Mike Pirnat , Mark Ramm , and Rand Batchelder (! ) .
There was of course a lot of playfulness at PyCon , Beards of Python being my favorite ( I was never a pony fan ) .
I ’m already looking ahead to PyCon 2010 in Atlanta !
Another Facet of the Journey …
The photos are from our neighborhood !
Right and left and front and back …
“ Old Faithful ” turns 200 today …
Quote – “ 600,000 lost jobs every month in the US .
More people taking pay cuts .
Cities in the old rust belt collapsing .
( Flint , Detroit ) .
St Louis is eliminating half it ’s bus service .
Sacramento is opening up the state fairgrounds to people living in tents involuntarily .
Things are changing and the easy living of the past two decades , on credit , has ended .
The very wealthy are startled and the rest of us wait for the pink slip .
Coffee table books ?
Coffee ?
Tables ?
You do n’t need a coffee table book to live in a tent city .
People write to me and tell me to make my blog into a book .
I ’m just glad my wife and I have jobs and can pay our mortgage and I have time to relieve the stress taking pictures of Key West , which has yet to feel the deep pain of this Great Depression .
I ’m also really glad we spent years out sailing and know how to live off the grid , a sentiment I ’m sure you share .
It ’s 1930 Ara , and the worst is yet to come . ”
The words above woke me up this morning , a cold shiver , kind of , ran through my body and the reality of the above comment has just turned a page within my thoughts .
“ Wake up Ara ” I started telling myself , feeling a bit “ foreign ” toward the words of my own last chapter .
How true .
Who in their right mind needs a coffee table book these days ?
The bare wall do not harm the eyes , but an empty refrigerator does .
Who needs a photo hanging … it does not fill the stomach , only empties a wallet already hurting from this situation the country has rolled in .
I do n’t follow politics , neither write about it .
I have not watched a television in centuries , but this seems to be more about survival right now .
We are actually ourselves fortunate , reading above again , regarding our situation .
Yes , there is no mortgage on the road , only the usual monthly bills such as Internet , phone , vehicle insurance , medication , fuel and such .
But living on the land can be free .
It is now just a matter of feeding ourselves , and sitting tight feeling deep for others in worse tribulation than us .
And yet , I see this as another challenge , one taken with a smile , one taken willingly .
The prize is just too big to justify any other path in any other direction .
I had this reply when I send the above to a Friend .
Quote – Sorry , do n’t quite subscribe to that view .
This is not the Great Depression
redux .
Instead , what you see is the inevitable retraction of the economy
following ridiculous exuberance and spending on all our parts .
Stupid , short
sighted government policies allowing ridiculously bad loans to be made and a
general talking down of the economy during the last election cycle
contributed to the retraction .
But , unlike the 30’s , this economy has decent
structure and will recover within months , not years .
Yes , it will leave a
mark on everyone ’s psyche , but that ’s perhaps a good thing .
Reality check
time .
Anyway , those on fixed incomes can enjoy lower prices overall .
Their
standard of living just improved .
Others who are laid off not so much of
course .
We ’re at around 10 % unemployment which is 4 to 5 % over what you want
to see in an economy .
Yup , I ’m a half full sort of guy but in this I think I ’m seeing it pretty
clearly .
Oh , and I ’m still seeing people walking out of Best Buy and Costco
with large screen televisions .
And my mother in law just bought a new car .
And a new art store just opened across from my office and they seem to be
doing a fair amount of business .
Go figure . –
I am not posting this here for future rebuttal or any political / economy discussion , it is not the point , it is never my intend as I am sure the Internet is filled with Blogger ’s on the subjects .
It is just as I wrote above , an upcoming summon .
It always has been , only more so today than previously .
I stayed up late last night , I sat outside for a while , it was around past midnight , the moon was a thin crescent lowered in the horizon slowly putting herself to sleep .
The air was cool , crisp , inviting and invigorating .
The night time creatures were awake with sounds rarely heard throughout sunlight hours .
She sank in and disappeared a bit as a sailboat would once the eyes could not discern it ’s position .
I felt the Earth move within it ’s last seconds of appearance within this grandiose stage , a stage darkened by the moments and lit all at the same time by too many of the bright stars that makes me think so much as to who we really are and how humble we should be .
I did not feel the above reality of Life I am reading going in either directions , good or bad .
The mighty dollar is so much part of everyone ’s Life including ours .
I so much wish there would be another currency replacing it .
Maybe bartering as sometimes we do in this part of the country , maybe Love , maybe just nothing , just us giving back and forth to each other the necessities that allows us to live .
How naive… is n’t ?
But how beautiful it would be .
I wonder if it would eliminate the ugly “ greed ” that drives the mainstream toward this present stage that has suddenly appeared .
What could I trade for this new tire that I need to keep us rolling ?
What could I give for these few gallons of fuel necessary for us to get there from here or the little food our bodies need .
Would ever my vehicle Insurance Company or Telephone Carrier send me a “ Thank You ” note in exchange for reading these words and maybe feeling fuzzy about the photos ?
I know … in my Dreams only .
There is no regret , there is no fear of the fear .
Spirit and I have survived much and as the expression says “ this kick in the pants … ” well , the future will only be an even more smiling variation of the past .
We are gladly going to do , make do , with even less than before because truly the Journey is FREE .
I have within me whatever needed , it is already there , the awareness does not need a diamond ring or even the new clothing with no holes in it .
We will strip ourselves even more than the bare necessities that have been around us in the past , more so now than ever as “ less is more ” , less will only bring us even closer to that texture of the red rock I might have not felt just a few years back , or the smell of the dew build up within the dark hours of the night suddenly steaming up by the warmth of daylight .
Quote – “ Great web site .
It is really interesting to read about his travels and the impact that the people and environment have on him .
I have traveled in all 48 of the continental US and have not seen things the way he has . ”
The above was an interesting comment posted just a few days ago .
I think it ties it all together .
It is the difference between the blurred vision and senses I started with , compared with today awareness of my surrounding with more steps ahead of us as I feel always the Journey has only began .
Locked doors will not enable me to reach those steps , the more peeled the layers surrounding me are , the more I get closer to my faithful companion “ Mother Nature ” .
I look and play with Spirit , he comes to me and licks my face , he smells me for his own assurance maybe that my Love for him is unconditional as his is for me .
He is carrying what he was born with .
He runs , he eats , he sleeps , yes … he does pose for the cameras , but he also has always been on that step above mine , probably the last step that I will always try to reach , the step that is named “ NOW ” .
He is not subjected to politics , neither economy .
He was subjected to much abuse within his first year before our eyes met , him behind the bars of this waiting room and myself searching for a buddy to share my Life with .
Those ugly days are over for him , my own ugly days have only been left now with shadows tucked away that I try to confront with a better awareness .
We are a team and truly in the scheme of it all , he is the true Leader of this Journey as without him my path would not exist as such .
He is the definition of the total pure being living a Life I can only aspire toward , only wish for as it is the “ Pure ” one , unencumbered and empty from all the greed and evil that still remains in the bowels of this short passageway which is taking us from birth to eternity .
When maybe so many would trip and fall , we stand up even taller today to embrace the coming times .
As a fine meal served on a silver platter maybe in the distant past , today , that meal is even finer , the paper plate replacing the precious metal will be and is just fine , and if no paper plate is available we will just use our hands , yet the best tool we have ever been given .
One less barrier between us and the gift of Life .
Twenty nine months of Photography is finally in order on SmugMug … In “ Your Favorites ” , in “ States ” , some labeled “ first year ” and second year ” , now also “ Texas the third year ” .
Feel free to browse , you can even use the slide show mode and have fun .
Merchandise is also available through SmugMug .
If you like to order prints , all sizes are available as I store the originals myself considering the huge bandwidth needed to upload them on the Galleries .
Maybe your reading the Blog is worth $ 1 a month …
Be well …
Ara & Spirit
Share and Enjoy :
A US killer drone has carried out a lethal strike from the skies above Iraq , for the first time remotely controlled entirely by non-aircrew - rated , enlisted soldiers .
The milestone would seem to foreshadow redundancy for large communities of military pilots in coming years .
We do n't need no stinkin ' pilots .
According to a release from Multinational Division North , flagged up by the Danger Room blog at Wired magazine , a US Army Warrior - Alpha delivered the strike in support of American and Iraqi troops on the ground .
The Warrior - Alpha , a highly automated version of the famous Predator drone , was controlled by Staff Sergeant Jerry Rhoades , Corporal Phillip Cheng and Specialist James Pegg .
According to Rhoades :
“ We neutralized both targets – [ the ground forces ] were satisfied ...
This was the first time the Warrior Alpha System engaged a target in combat . ”
There have been many lethal strikes by US and British Predator and Reaper drones already , but these aircraft are controlled at all times by a fully - qualified officer pilot with flight experience in normal manned aircraft .
Although American pilots hate drone - driving duty , generally having to be ordered into it against their will , they are also very uncomfortable with the idea of mere enlisted tech specialists handling what are to all intents and purposes close air support missions using strike aircraft .
This tends to call much of their raison d'etre into question .
But the latest news from Diyala Province would seem to confirm that nowadays there is no real requirement for pilots in ordinary air support roles , whether in the aircraft or in the ground control centre .
Nobody would be happy without people in the loop , but there seems no real reason for these people to be expensive , privileged officers with millions of pounds ' worth of flight time .
Corporals and sergeants - who , after all , are already trusted to direct very significant firepower in the ground forces - would seem to be more than capable of the decision making .
As for the flying , the Warrior - Alpha can do that itself , including unassisted takeoffs and landings . ®
Year Zero : The Silent Death of Cambodia John Pilger vividly reveals the brutality and murderous political ambitions of the Pol Pot / Khmer Rouge totalitarian regime which bought genocide and despair to the people of Cambodia while neighboring countries , including Australia , shamefully ignored the immense human suffering and unspeakable crimes that bloodied this once beautiful country ..
A Documentary Film By John Pilger - Runtime 59 Minutes - Produced 1979 - www.Johnpilger.com
Posted June 27 , 2006 CLICK PLAY TO VIEW Break Free From The Matrix Get Our Free Daily Newsletter New Comment section added March 14 , 2017 Please read our Comment Policy before posting -
It is unacceptable to slander , smear or engage in personal attacks on authors of articles posted on ICH .
Those engaging in that behavior will be banned from the comment section .
( In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C .
Section 107 , this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
Information Clearing House has no affiliation whatsoever with the originator of this article nor is Information Clearing House endorsed or sponsored by the originator . )
Visually challenged people require braille books in order to read .
However , not many books are available in braille due to cost and inefficiency .
Translating a 500 page book into braille nearly doubles the thickness .
EAP is a technology that can dynamically change the surface pattern by way of an electromagnetic signal – simulating braille text .
Not exactly a new idea but a nice executive nonetheless .
Designers : Seon-Keun Park , Byung - Min Woo , Sun-Hye Woo & Jin-Sun Park
At the Madonna House , they would put us on a bus and take us uptown to what we called the Rich Lady ’s House .
I do n’t think it was a house , maybe it was a club house .
They would have toys on tables , and you could take a toy from every table .
And at the end , they would give us a coupon and there was an Endicott Johnson factory and we would get a new pair of shoes .
Image Gladys
Cole recalls how her mother , Yvonne ( pictured with her at their boarding house ) , recycled everything .
Credit ... Danielle Rappaport for The New York Times
My sister wanted to go roller skating one Christmas Eve . I was n’t doing nothing .
I said , Oh , heck , I ’ll go .
My sister met these two sailors and brought my husband over to me .
He did n’t pick me up , I ’ll make that clear .
That was Dec. 24 .
We got married March 11 .
He was never on a pair of roller skates in his life .
He fell down , they ran over his fingers .
He said he was in love , so there was no pain .
MERLIN NELSON , 87
New York
Merlin Nelson , a retired executive of American Machine and Foundry , lives in Manhattan .
He grew up in San Bernardino , Calif. , where his father , a onetime North Dakota farmer , worked in real estate .
In 1933 , when Mr. Nelson was 11 , the real estate market had collapsed and his father bartered property in San Bernardino for an old house and some land in Salem , Ore. , where he eventually started a chicken farm .
We spent the Christmas of 1933 in this modest house there .
Dad drove the 1930 Chevrolet out in the foothills toward the Cascade range , found a tree , put it on top of the car , found some mistletoe and picked some sprigs of that and some holly and then some white berries .
They popped corn and then you got a needle and thread , and that combination of fruit and popcorn basically was our decoration .
The next summer , we all went out every day helping restore this derelict house .
We did things like lift the house up and put a basement underneath .
You got the neighbors to help you .
There was a team of Belgian horses nearby ; they helped pull the barn closer to the house .
Farmers in those days knew how to do all kinds of things .
You did n’t need much cash  you did everything on a swap .
DA appeals to community , defends murder charge against BART cop Nick Cargo and David Edwards
Published : Wednesday January 14 , 2009
Print This Email This Alameda County District Attorney Tom Orloff , at a Wednesday press conference , announced that a police officer involved in the fatal New Year 's Day shooting of a citizen was on his way back to California after being arrested and waiving extradition in Douglas County , Nevada .
The officer , Johannes Mehserle , was reportedly hiding out in the Lake Tahoe area after receiving death threats .
On New Year 's Day , 27 - year - old Mehserle was recorded by onlookers pulling his gun and shooting 22 - year - old Oscar Grant III , who was restrained and in handcuffs , in the back .
Grant had been taken off of a train and was being detained at the Fruitvale BART station in Oakland , California by police as part of a group under suspicion of being involved in a fight .
The incident was recorded by passersby and copies made their way to the press and the police , prompting public outcry and a $ 25 million lawsuit filed by Grant 's family against the Bay Area Rapid Transit Authority .
Unless new evidence surfaces during Mehserle 's trial , Orloff said , it is being treated as a homicide .
" Murder charges were filed because at this point , what I feel the evidence indicates is an unlawful killing done by an intentional act , and from the evidence we have , there 's nothing that would mitigate that to something lower than a murder . "
None of the other officers at the scene , he added , were being charged .
" I understand that there 's a great deal of emotion in the community , " he added in an appeal to the public , " and I understand that this situation raises a lot of significant social issues in our community .
I would hope that people would have the respect for the system in which I 've worked for 39 years , and would watch and would make their judgments based on how the system functions , and let the criminal justice system play this out .
" In terms of those that want to protest on the broader social issues , I think peaceful protest can be a very healthy thing . "
The following video is from CNN.com , posted on January 14 , 2009 :
Download video via RawReplay.com
Wouldnt that be fun ?
I read an article talking about a Japanese man who travelled 123 countries and 144,000 km on his bicycle .
Adventure of a lifetime .
Hmm .
Bur at some point in the journey I wud have felt lonely , or homesick .
I salute this man , for his great feat .
Forrest Gump did a similar thing , though he was walking / running 😀 .
Now , im thinking , what all would i take with me if i were travelling on a bicycle around the world ;
1 ) Credit Card & Cash
2 ) Mp3 player
3 ) Netbook / laptop
4 ) Tissue Paper !
5 ) Camera
People , feel free to add to the list 🙂 .
Or Subtract .
Hehe .
Oh , and the link to that article :
http://www.straitstimes.com/Breaking%2BNews/Singapore/Story/STIStory_366423.html
LIVERMORE , Calif. , March 16 ( UPI ) -- U.S. scientists say they have , for the first time , changed high frequency sounds into light by reversing a process that converts electrical signals to sound .
The Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory researchers said their new tool enhances the way computer chips , LEDs and transistors are build .
Advertisement
Commonly used piezo - electric speakers , such as those found in a cell phone , operate at low frequencies that human ears can hear , the scientists from LLNL and the Nitronex Corp. said .
But by reversing that process , lead researchers Michael Armstrong , Evan Reed and Mike Howard used a very high frequency sound wave -- about 100 million times higher frequency than what humans can hear -- to generate light .
" This process allows us to very accurately ' see ' the highest frequency sound waves by translating them into light , " Armstrong said .
The complex research appears in the journal Nature Physics .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , San Francisco
Analysts believe accurate voice search could boost Google 's business Google has said it sees voice search as a major opportunity for the company in building a presence on the mobile web .
The company 's vice president of engineering made the comments during a wide - ranging discussion at the Web 2.0 Expo in San Francisco .
" We believe voice search is a new form of search and that it is core to our business , " said Vic Gundotra .
SearchEngineLand editor Greg Sterling agreed : " If done right , it could be a valuable strategic feature for Google . "
Mr Gundotra acknowledged to the audience that " voice recognition in the early days was a nice trick but not very usable " .
There were early complaints that Google 's offering could not understand accents other than American and that results were often garbled .
" Look how far we have come .
I get the advantage of looking at daily voice queries coming in and it 's amazing .
It 's working .
It 's reached a tipping point .
It 's growing and growing very , very fast and we are thrilled about it , " said Mr Gundotra .
He declined to share figures about just how many queries the company deals with via voice search .
However , Mr Gundotra did say : " It 's one of those technologies we think gets better with usage .
" We launched it on the iPhone and have seen a 15 % jump in accuracy because , as more people use it , we collect more data and our accuracy gets better . "
' Queen 's English '
In 2002 , Google Labs introduced a service that allowed users to search with a simple phone call .
The company admitted it " was n't very useful because the results were displayed on your computer and Google discontinued it " .
Six years later , the search giant introduced an improved feature under the Google Mobile App for the iPhone .
Vic Gundotra says " voice search is core " to Google 's future mobile plans
It is also available on the Android based T - Mobile G1 and last month was introduced on the BlackBerry as a free download .
The New York Times 's Gadgetwise blog rated the BlackBerry version the " App of the Week " earlier this week .
Early iterations that worked best with North American accents had problems understanding other accents , including British .
BBC technology cCorrespondent Rory Cellan - Jones reported in November last year that his attempts to use it were " pure gibberish " .
For example , his query about the next train , West Ealing to Paddington " delivered some useful information about ' neck strain ' - but no train times " .
Those problems have since been largely ironed out and Google said it was continuing to work on improving the accuracy of the service .
This , Mr Sterling said , is crucial if the company wants it to give them the edge in the marketplace .
" My view is voice search could be a strategic differentiator if it works well .
It depends on how much better Google 's system is compared to , say , Yahoo's or Microsoft's .
" If they come up with a really great version that is really accurate , it could retain users and likely increase search usage for Google , " said Mr Sterling .
" Stay tuned " At Web 2.0 , Mr Gundotra also talked about a web - based version of Google 's e-mail service , Gmail .
Google 's " technical prototype " , coming soon to the public
He demonstrated a " technical prototype " on the iPhone and the G1 and said " Stay tuned " for a release date .
Mr Gundotra said the prototype used HTML 5 , an as - yet incomplete version of mark up language of the world wide web .
He revealed that Google would create a whole suite of offline apps using HTML 5 and that " we are going to be leaders in taking advantage of HTML 5 " .
Mr Gundotra also said that engineers were working hard to bring the Chrome browser to the Mac and that while there was no date for delivery , " we are making progress to get it out as fast as we can " .
Twitter purchase During a question and answer session , Mr Gundotra was quizzed on rumours circulating in the blogosphere that Google is looking to buy the micro- blogging service Twitter .
Google said " no comment " on rumours it may want to buy Twitter " I 'm a big fan of Twitter but we do n't as a policy comment on rumour or speculation , " he said .
Meanwhile , Twitter co-founder Biz Stone has said that he has been " flooded with requests for a response to the latest internet speculation about where Twitter is headed " .
In a blog entitled Sometimes We Talk , Mr Stone wrote : " It should come as no surprise that Twitter engages in discussions with other companies regularly and on a variety of subjects .
" Our goal is to build a profitable , independent company and we 're just getting started . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
RAP MASTER MAURICE IS DEAD
REST IN POWER RAP MASTER :(
RAP MASTER MAURICE PRESENTS :
$ 17 VIGILANTE RAP PHONE CALLS
BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE ?
TERRIBLE MEAL AT A RESTAURANT ?
TIRED OF A WORN OUT RELATIONSHIP ?
WAYWARD RELATIVE OWES YOU MONEY ?
UNABLE TO BE PASSIVE - AGGRESSIVE ?
MAURICE IS ON THE JOB !
Rap Master Maurice is willing to VIGILANTE BATTLE RAP CALL
anybody who has done you wrong .
Simply PayPal $ 17 and give a brief explanation of
the trouble and you 're EVEN STEPHEN .
Do it now because soon it will
cost $ 22 and you will say to yourself , " I SHOULD HAVE DONE IT WHEN IT WAS $ 17 " .
Your $ 17 payment includes justice , peace of mind and a medium
quality MP3 file emailed to you in a timely manner !
RAP MASTER MAURICE will rap about ANYTHING , even gross stuff !
There are no bounds to justice .
SERIOUSLY :
CHILD CUSTODY BATTLE ?
PAROLE OFFICER GOT YOU DOWN ?
FATHER LEFT YOU AT AN EARLY AGE ?
MAD AT THE TALIBAN ?
Supply the telephone number and the info , THE RAP IS MADE .
NOTICE : The price of non-revenge " friendly " raps has changed
to $ 24 .
Maurice is a revenge rapper but will don the hat of
friendly rapper for an extra $ 7 .
BECOME A FAN OF RAP MASTER MAURICE on Facebook !
Or exercise free will
and do n't .
It 's your life , champ .
Pay here ( $ 17 ) for revenge raps :
Pay here ( $ 24 ) for non-revenge ( friendly ) raps :
Pay here ( $ 32 ) for raps outside of the USA & Canada :
After you pay , send an email to the same address with what your rap is about .
Include names and a phone number and good details .
AND THEN : RAPS .
HERE ARE PAST VIGILANTE RAP CALLS , YOU LOVE THEM :
" Sublet Your Ears "
" Bjerk "
" A Lot Of Free Beer "
" Emotional Tax Hike "
" Rappin ' Sly "
" Unlike A Hanging Chad "
" You 'll Always Want To Do Somersaults "
" Abusing Fossil Fuels "
" A Degree In Jerk "
" Maurice VS The Butcher "
" Hot Peruvian Waiter "
" Build A Time Machine "
" Try Nautilus "
" Goebbels Of The Head "
" Monsieur Rogers & Le Neighborhood "
" Writer 's Block "
" Muy Bien Amigo "
" Faberge Egg "
" Tet Offensive ( Full Version )
ADDITIONAL , MORE RECENT RAPZ HERE ( CLICK IT ! )
HOT QUOTEZ :
" Maurice is our master , we are on our knees " Mike Bonanno
" You are a GENIUS !
I am crying now . "
Jim Finn
" Maurice CAN rap his way out of a paper bag ! "
DJ Joan Hiller
" seriously .
oh man .
that is a good rap . "
Jason Polan
" Maurice is the greatest blog posting . "
Thomos
" Fucking stellar !
That rules !
Thanxxx Rap Master Maurice ! "
Steve 5
" Rap Master Maurice is the new Wesley Willis " Bob Peck
" What is this Milli Vanilli shit ?
Your lips barely be movin yo . "
Arthur Jones
" Maurice , I heard the rap ... it's effing great ! "
Caroline Donovan
" Thank you .
You rule ! " Sheila Sachs
" That rap was great . "
Nick Vandermolen
" I think it 's just dandy . "
Greg Shirilla
" Haha awesome ! " Blair Neal
" Haha that was great !
You ca n't go wrong with pizza . "
Yetta Weiss
" hahahaha -- THAT IS AWESOME ! " Tim Cook
" Rap Master , hell yes .
Sounded awesome .
THANK YOU ! " Elspeth Rountree
" This man is a genius and a visionary . "
Mike Hanus
" Although buying a house may be a tad boring when compared to a
guy mad at a towing company , the rap ruled none the less ! "
Rosemary Pham
" Rap Master Maurice Is The Best $ 7 Revenge Rapper . "
Amanda Egge
" You are really a genius .
It 's crazy . "
Molly Brank
" Amazing .
You are seriously my hero . "
Kristin Marks
" You ca n't put a price on genius . "
Adrian J Brockway
( There are other quotes , I do n't want to type them )
RARE PROMO VIDEOS :
" I'm Here For You "
Well my name 's Maurice and I 'm here for you , I 'll cheer you up when you 're feeling blue ,
you see i got a knack of making raps , I shoot off my mouth instead of peeling caps ,
when you got troubles you come to me , I know more words than a spelling bee ,
someone done you wrong ?
You let me know !
Tell me about it and send some dough ,
then i make a rap and you get revenge , it will be a bigger mystery than STONEHENGE !
Let 's say you bought a car fresh off the lot , you spent all money that you got ,
but then you drive it home and it falls apart , you did n't want those car parts a la carte !
You can't send the salesmen off to jail , but that 's ok send me an e-mail ,
I 'll call him up and I 'll let him know , I 'll tell him some things that are apropos !
That 's not the only reason to rap , there 's more than 10 just like Spinal Tap ,
Let 's say you 're at a restaurant having some lunch , you order a ruben sandwich and some fruit punch ,
the server and the cook but they 're going slow , you 're in a hurry and you let them know ,
you get the food to go they were acting rude , and then you find that someone spit in your food !
You can't light a match and torch the place , you might go to jail it'd be a disgrace ,
you let me know , I 'll give them a call , we 'll destroy those nazis like CHARLES DE GAULLE
There are many reasons to pay for raps , if you want i'll include : some hand claps .
Let 's say you like a guy and he likes you too , he takes you out to dinner and pays for you ,
and then you go to the club to dance , but he 's buggin ' trying to get up in your pants .
Or a distant cousin owes you some green , but he made a great escape like Steve McQueen .
Or your boss gives you too much overtime , do n't fight 'em with your fists , FIGHT 'EM WITH RHYMES !
Now you know the joy that my rappin ' brings , I 'm like Maurice Bilbo Baggins , in Lord Of The Rings ,
so send me 7 bucks and I 'll make it right , I can probably even get your rap done tonight .
OR IT MIGHT BE TOMORROW MORNING , SOMETIMES I'M A LITTLE BUSY .
PEACE !
A reader writes :
My wife was a pharmacology research focusing on marijuana many years ago , and ultimately left the field because the restrictions on marijuana research were just too onerous .
The situation has n't changed much in the intervening decades .
You 're only allowed to use marijuana grown by the government at the one place where they do this ; it 's not comparable at all to what 's available on the street .
Grants would sit forever at the NIH ; and stop dreaming about clinical studies .
When the official government position is that this is a Schedule 1 drug , you 're never going to find the funding for a large - scale double - blind test .
There are plenty of studies , but not of the size and quality that should be available .
I find The Economist 's position to be most sensible : Legalization is the least bad option .
Legalize it , tax it , and provide help for abusers on the scale of what we provide for alcohol or cigarettes .
Yes , there 'll be people who are hurt by this , and lives ruined ; but all the evidence so far indicates that these will be far less than the damage to society from Prohibition .
Today 's guff never wants to see another crudite
When you care about someone , it 's amazing what you 'll row about .
Yesterday , for example , the Mill and Mrs Mill had a heated exchange about radishes or , more specifically , whether radishes were an acceptable addition to our meal when we already had batons of celery , carrot , pepper and cucumber in the fridge .
The Mill 's perfectly reasonable assertion that these remnants from Tuesday 's supper were more than adequate and the refusal to prepare said radishes brought slammed doors and half an hour of frosty silence during the first half of England 's World Cup qualifier against Ukraine .
And in the end we had radishes .
Well , she had radishes .
It just goes to show how quickly mountains can form from molehills .
Juventus striker David Trezeguet may not have known what he was starting when moaning at Claudio Ranieri earlier this week , but now the Juve manager has branded the Frenchman " a spoilt brat " and the pair are communicating to each other only through notes left on the fridge .
Chelsea want to rescue Trezeguet from the awkward make - up conversation * .
Ashley Young has n't fallen out with anyone at Aston Villa , but he's also high on Chelsea 's summer shopping list , while elsewhere in the Premier League a series of stand - offs are developing between clubs with similar interests .
Blackburn , Aston Villa and Newcastle all have their markers pens out and want to scrawl their names on the side of Coventry 's Daniel Fox .
Harry Redknapp has already divvied up the CDs and picked up all his clothes following his break up from Portsmouth , but he 's set for another custody battle , with Pompey and Tottenham ready to battle it out over West Brom 's Robert Koren .
Nancy 's Michael Chretien is wishing he had n't come to this party , what with Manchester City , West Ham and Blackburn bickering over who gets to take him home .
Alvaro Negredo says he is happy with Almeria , but that wo n't stop Fulham , Aston Villa and Real Madrid throwing stones at his window in the middle of the night .
Arsenal , Newcastle , Fulham , West Ham and Tottenham have thrown their keys into the bowl and are hoping Charlton 's Jonjo Shelvey picks them out .
And , as the Mill realises that his riff has drifted from something weak about arguments to something equally week but vaguely sexual , Manchester United are peeping through their garden fence to admire the shape of Gelson Fernandes stretched out on Manchester City 's lawn .
* Not in a " Why are you wearing my lipstick ? " sense , obviously .
Leave your own gossip and tittle - tattle below etc
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
An x-ray showing around 30 nails piercing a skull has been released by Australian police , vividly revealing the gruesome death of a 27 - year - old man .
Police released the shocking picture in the hope of finding the killer who used a high - powered nail gun to fire the metal spikes , up to 85 mm ( 3.3 in ) long , into the victim 's head and neck late last year .
Two children , aged nine and 14 , found Chen Liu , who was also known as Anthony , as they canoed down Georges river in south Sydney last year .
As they paddled past mangroves at dusk on 1 November , they spotted a badly decomposed body wrapped in a rug and raced to tell their parents .
Mr Liu , who had been dead for 12 days , was bound with electrical wires and an extension cord and then rolled in a domestic rug with the ends neatly tucked in , which was then tied with three pieces of wire .
" In 36 years of investigation , I 've never come across a murder of this nature using a nail gun .
May I say it 's a particularly brutal and vicious murder and we are seeking information from the public so we can bring this inquiry to a conclusion , " the head of the homicide squad , Geoff Beresford , said .
Police believe Mr Liu was killed then driven to the river in his blue 2005 Range Rover Sport 4WD .
But no arrests have been made and the weapon is yet to be found .
Two weeks before the children discovered Mr Liu 's body , a male friend reported him missing .
French physicist and philosopher of science Bernard d’Espagnat ( Image : John Templeton Foundation )
The £ 1 million prize is the largest annual monetary award in the world ( Image : British Sky Broadcasting Ltd / Rex Features )
Today the John Templeton Foundation announced the winner of the annual Templeton Prize of a colossal £ 1 million ( $ 1.4 million ) , the largest annual prize in the world .
Advertisement
This year it goes to French physicist and philosopher of science Bernard d’Espagnat for his “ studies into the concept of reality ” .
D’Espagnat , 87 , is a professor emeritus of theoretical physics at the University of Paris - Sud , and is known for his work on quantum mechanics .
The award will be presented to him by the Duke of Edinburgh at Buckingham Palace on 5 May .
D’Espagnat boasts an impressive scientific pedigree , having worked with Nobel laureates Louis de Broglie , Enrico Fermi and Niels Bohr .
De Broglie was his thesis advisor ; he served as a research assistant to Fermi ; and he worked at CERN when it was still in Copenhagen under the direction of Bohr .
He also served as a visiting professor at the University of Texas , Austin , at the invitation of the legendary physicist John Wheeler .
But what has he done that ’s worth £ 1 million ?
The thrust of d’Espagnat ’s work was on experimental tests of Bell ’s theorem .
The theorem states that either quantum mechanics is a complete description of the world or that if there is some reality beneath quantum mechanics , it must be nonlocal – that is , things can influence one another instantaneously regardless of how much space stretches between them , violating Einstein ’s insistence that nothing can travel faster than the speed of light .
But what d’Espagnat was really interested in was what all of this meant for discerning the true nature of ultimate reality .
Unlike most of his contemporaries , d’Espagnat was one of the brave ones unafraid to tackle the thorny and profound philosophical questions posed by quantum physics .
Third view
Unlike classical physics , d’Espagnat explained , quantum mechanics cannot describe the world as it really is , it can merely make predictions for the outcomes of our observations .
If we want to believe , as Einstein did , that there is a reality independent of our observations , then this reality can either be knowable , unknowable or veiled .
D’Espagnat subscribes to the third view .
Through science , he says , we can glimpse some basic structures of the reality beneath the veil , but much of it remains an infinite , eternal mystery .
Looking back at d’Espagnat ’s work , I could n’t help but wonder what the Templeton Foundation – an organisation dedicated to reconciling science and religion – saw in it that they thought was worth a £ 1 million .
Then , scanning the press release , I found it :
“ There must exist , beyond mere appearances … a ‘ veiled reality ’ that science does not describe but only glimpses uncertainly .
In turn , contrary to those who claim that matter is the only reality , the possibility that other means , including spirituality , may also provide a window on ultimate reality cannot be ruled out , even by cogent scientific arguments . ”
But even if there is a partially unknowable reality beneath reality , I ’m not sure how that implies that spirituality is a viable means to access it .
I have a suspicion that this still comes down to good old - fashioned faith .
Unconventional ‘ God ’
So what is it , really , that is veiled ?
At times d’Espagnat calls it a Being or Independent Reality or even “ a great , hypercosmic God ” .
It is a holistic , non-material realm that lies outside of space and time , but upon which we impose the categories of space and time and localisation via the mysterious Kantian categories of our minds .
“ Independent Reality plays , in a way , the role of God – or ‘ Substance ’ – of Spinoza , ” d’Espagnat writes .
Einstein believed in Spinoza ’s God , which he equated with nature itself , but he always held this “ God ” to be entirely knowable .
D’Espagnat ’s veiled God , on the other hand , is partially – but still fundamentally – unknowable .
And for precisely this reason , it would be nonsensical to paint it with the figure of a personal God or attribute to it specific concerns or commandments .
The “ veiled reality ” , then , can in no way help Christians or Muslims or Jews or anyone else rationalise their specific beliefs .
The Templeton Foundation – despite being headed up by John Templeton Jr , an evangelical Christian – claims to afford no bias to any particular religion , and by awarding their prize to d’Espagnat , I think they ’ve proven that to be true .
I happen to believe that drawing any spiritual conclusions from quantum mechanics is an unfounded leap in logic – but if someone out there in the world is willing to pay someone £ 1 million for pondering the nature of reality , that ’s a world I ’m happy to live in .
In a windowless room at the Westin Hotel in downtown Denver , leading business journalists and editors explained how the media “ blew it ” in covering the economic meltdown .
They admitted , on one hand , to falling under the sway of free - market ideology and celebrating risk - taking financial leaders and , on the other , to missing the complex story of the rupturing system by only reporting it in parts and to almost no effect for the past decade .
Although not planned as confession , the discussion , which kicked off the annual conference of the Society of American Business Editors and Writers ( SABEW ) , quickly descended into an unburdening , with the panelists taking turns voicing their own explanations and excuses for the failure .
Former Wall Street Journal managing editor and current ProPublica.org chief Paul Steiger moderated the impromptu journalistic penitence .
“ We drank the Kool - Aid , ” said Jane Bryant Quinn , personal finance columnist for Bloomberg and Newsweek .
“ We believed that free markets were the best kind [ of markets ] . ”
She said it had become “ unfashionable ” over the last three decades to write about regulation , so they did n’t .
“ We could say things were risky … but we never said ‘ Where ’s the Fed ? ' ”
University of Michigan business professor Greg Miller said that the finance beat had simply grown too complex and compartmentalized for journalists to cover well in the traditional way .
“ No one banker could walk me through securitization in 2006 , ” he said .
“ They ’re all specialists . ”
He said bankers rely on other specialists to take up the slack .
“ They do n’t know even know each other ’s names , ” he said .
Miller suggested journalists should specialize and then work together to create more comprehensive coverage .
But veteran TV journalist Allan Dodds Frank , who now writes for the DailyBeast.com after a career with CNN , Bloomberg and ABC News covering white collar crime , said that complex economic stories were virtually impossible to sell to his editors .
“ Fannie and Freddie were not covered on TV because there ’s no visual , ” he said , referring to the country ’s major lenders , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which made billions in the run up to the collapse by doling out increasingly high - risk loans .
He said journalists could n’t figure out what “ Wall Street was doing ” and that high - rolling CEOs and fund managers were never compelled to answer tough questions .
“ We soft - balled them because we wanted them to come on [ our shows ] … we let them hide the ball on us . ”
Frank pointed out that there were no representatives at the conference from CNBC — the business channel ridiculed recently for its celebratory coverage of Wall Street — and said it was no secret that “ in broadcast financial journalism , corporations are sexy . ”
Coveted interviews with CEO celebrities had moved investigative pieces off of edit calendars .
“ The glamorization of business news [ led us ] to adopt a posture of reverence [ toward our subjects ] …
We knew it was nonsense , ” he said .
Of the journalists on the panel , New York Times Business Editor Larry Ingrassia was the least bowed .
He read out a list of stories
The Times had run over the last decade that treated the escalating loan crisis and executive compensation , for example .
“ The regulators were asleep but we reporters were not , ” he said .
He later explained that the stories were there even if readers did n’t heed them .
He explained that his writers are looking to explain problems and maintained it was unfair to judge coverage based on whether people act on the information reported .
In the end he seemed to undermine his argument , though , agreeing that they missed an important story that would have targeted a group that could have made a difference .
The laxity of federal finance regulators went unreported in The New York Times and in other publications , he admitted .
“ The [ finance industry ] lobbyists had more impact on the regulators than we did , ” he said , pointing indirectly to the expanded influence the financial sector came to wield in Washington over the past three decades — the story many now argue is at the heart of the collapse .
SABEW conference organizers said that , even though other journalism organizations canceled events this year , they decided to go forward despite the ongoing crisis in the newspaper industry .
“ There is a huge need for business journalists to become more knowledgeable and versatile — for the sake of readers and viewers and for their [ own ] personal livelihoods , ” SABEW President Bernie Kohn wrote in the conference program .
When will we reach an endpoint ?
The answer ( after the jump ) will surprise you
“ When it comes to atoms , language can be used only as in poetry .
The poet , too , is not nearly so concerned with describing facts as with creating images . ” – Niels Bohr , recipient of the 1922 Nobel Prize in Physics
I ’ve had this ongoing notion that researchers will soon reach the point of creating the ultimate small storage particle .
In discussing this with some nanotech friends , they felt we may reach an endpoint when we get to the size of the electron .
So I decided to run with that assumption and calculate out how long it would take , based on Moore ’s Law , to reach a point where we are storing information on electrons .
Moore ’s
Law has been talked about so much in recent years that some people think it was actually a law enacted by Congress and signed by the President .
Moore ’s Law is the empirical observation made in 1965 by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore .
He concluded that “ the number of transistors on an integrated circuit will double every 24 months . ”
Although it is often quoted as doubling every 18 months , Intel ’s official Moore ’s Law page , as well as an interview with Gordon Moore himself , confirms his original thinking that it is every two years .
Expanding on this thinking , a similar law ( sometimes called Kryder ’s Law ) has proven true for the ongoing concentration of hard disk storage cost per unit of information .
The current rate of increase in hard drive capacity is increasing at roughly the same exponential rate as the increase in transistor count .
However , recent trends show that this rate is dropping and has not been met for the last four years .
Another version states that RAM storage capacity increases at the same rate as processing power .
In writing this article , I asked retired University of Colorado Professor , Mark Dubin , if he could do the Moore ’s Law math to determine how long it will be before we are storing information on individual electrons .
Here is how he calculated it :
Extending Moore ’s
Law into the future , we will reach the size of the hydrogen atom in 2058 and the size of an electron in 2133
Professor Mark Dubin : “ I included the diameter of a hydrogen atom , which may be more relevant than the non-quantum , classical scattering radius of an electron .
My resulting graph ( above ) shows that the hydrogen atom radius will be reached by about 2058 , and the electron “ radius ” by about 2133 .
The commonly accepted value for Moore ’s Law , that he states , is about 2 years .
So a hydrogen atom radius would be reached in about 50 years , ( 26 iterations ) from today .
The electron radius would be reached in 124 years ( 62 ) iterations ) from today .
The size of a quantum dot might be more relevant .
Currently the smallest lithography quantum dot is about 1 - 2 nanometers ( .0001 -.0002 microns ) in diameter , which on the graph is about 2050 ( 43 years and 22 iterations from now ) .
I bring this up because I think that quantum computing using quantum dots will be needed at that small scale .
Given that very crude quantum computing was just recently achieved for 4 - or - so bits , 2050 may be a realistic estimate of when useful quantum computing might be generally available .
The reason I think quantum dots are more relevant than the electron itself , is that quantum computing relies on the energy levels of electrons that are normally part of some atom .
Of course , free electron gases have been achieved in 2 - dimensional bounded surfaces at low temperatures , so eventually the electron could be the ultimate limit ( but then again there are other sub-atomic particles ) .
However , that takes us past lithography , which is what Moore ’s law is based on . ”
I have no delusions about Moore ’s Law holding true for the next 124 years .
But this project has a very nice way of putting nanotechnology , and all of it ’s degrees of smallness into perspective .
By Thomas Frey
Via FuturistSpeaker.com
" The president instructed us that nothing we would do would be outside of our obligations , legal obligations under the Convention Against Torture ...
The United States was told , we were told , nothing that violates our obligations under the Convention Against Torture , and so by definition , if it was authorized by the president , it did not violate our obligations under the Convention Against Torture , " - Condi Rice .
Is n't it telling that the first person to ask her this question this directly in public was not a professional journalist ?
One of these days , those guys ' jobs could be in jeopardy ... oh , wait !
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Officials carried out a three - point turn of Obama 's armoured limousine , known as ' The Beast ' , during the president 's visit to Downing Street .
Starting with Vista / Srv08 , local kernel debugging support has been locked down to require that the system was booted / DEBUG before - hand .
For me , this has been the source of great annoyance , as if something strange happens to a Vista / Srv08 box that requires peering into kernel mode ( usually to get a stack trace ) , then one tends to hit a brick wall if the box was n’t booted with / DEBUG .
( The only supported option usually available would be manually bugcheck the box and hope that the crash dump , if the system was configured to write one , has useful data .
This is , of course , not a particularly great option ; especially as in the default configuration for dumps on Vista / Srv08 , it ’s likely that user mode memory wo n’t be captured . )
However , it turns out that there ’s limited support in the operating system to capture some kernel mode data for debugging purposes , even if you have n’t booted / DEBUG .
Specifically , kdbgctrl.exe ( a tool shipping with the WinDbg distribution ) supports the notion of capturing a “ kernel triage dump ” , which basically takes a miniature snapshot of a given process and its active user mode threads .
To use this feature , you need to have SeDebugPrivilege ( i.e. you need to be an administrative - equivalently - privileged user ) .
Unlike conventional local KD support , triage dump writing does n’t give unrestricted access to kernel mode memory on a live system .
Instead , it instructs the kernel to create a small dump file that contains a limited , pre-set amount of information ( mostly , just the process and associated threads , and if possible , the stacks of said threads ) .
As a result , you ca n’t use it for general kernel memory examination .
However , it ’s sometimes enough to do the trick if you just need to capture what the kernel mode side stack trace of a particular thread is .
To use this feature , you can invoke “ kdbgctrl.exe - td pid dump - filename “ , which takes a snapshot of the process identified by a pid , and writes it out to a dump file named by dump - filename .
This support is very tersely documented if you invoke kdbgctrl.exe on the command line with no arguments :
kdbgctrl
Usage : kdbgctrl < options >
Options :
[...]
- td < pid > < file > -
Get a kernel triage dump
Now , the kernel ’s support for writing out a triage dump is n’t by any means directly comparable to the power afforded by kd.exe - kl .
As previously mentioned , the dump is extremely minimalistic , only containing information about a process object and its associated threads and the bare minimums allowing the debugger to function enough to pull this information from the dump .
Just about all that you can reasonably expect to do with it is examine the stacks of the process that was captured , via the “ ! process - 1 1f ” command .
( In addition , some extra information , such as the set of pending APCs attached to each thread , is also saved – enough to allow “ ! apc thread ” to function . )
Sometimes , however , it ’s just enough to be able to figure out what something is blocking on kernel mode side ( especially when troubleshooting deadlocks ) , and the triage dump functionality can aid with that .
However , there are some limitations with triage dumps , even above the relatively terse amount of data they convey .
The triage dump support needs to be careful not to crash the system when writing out the dump , so all of this information is captured within the normal confines of safe kernel mode operation .
In particular , this means that the triage dump writing logic does n’t just blithely walk the thread or process lists like kd - kl would , or perform other potentially unsafe operations .
Instead , the triage dump creation process operates with the cooperation of all threads involved .
This is immediately apparent when taking a look at the thread stacks captured in a triage dump :
BugCheck 69696969 , {0 , 0 , 0 , 0}
Probably caused by : ntkrnlmp.exe ( nt!IopKernSnapAPCMiniDump+55 )
Followup : MachineOwner
---------
2 : kd> k
Call Site
nt !IopKernSnapAPCMiniDump+0x55
nt!IopKernSnapSpecialApc+0x50
nt!KiDeliverApc+0x1e2
nt!KiSwapThread+0x491
nt!KeWaitForSingleObject+0x2da
nt!KiSuspendThread+0x29
nt!KiDeliverApc+0x420
nt!KiSwapThread+0x491
nt!KeWaitForMultipleObjects+0x2d6
nt!ObpWaitForMultipleObjects+0x26e
nt!NtWaitForMultipleObjects+0xe2
nt!KiSystemServiceCopyEnd+0x13
0x7741602a
( Note that the system does n’t actually bugcheck as a result of creating a triage dump .
Kernel dumps implicitly need a bug check parameters record , however , so one is synthesized for the dump file . )
As is immediately obvious from the call stack , thread stack collection in triage dumps operates ( in Vista / Srv08 ) by tripping a kernel APC on the target thread , which then ( as it ’s in - thread - context ) safely collects data about that thread ’s stack .
This , of course , presents a limitation :
If a thread is sufficiently wedged such that it ca n’t run kernel APCs , then a triage dump wo n’t be able to capture full information about that thread .
However , for some classes of scenarios where simply capturing a kernel mode stack is sufficient , triage dumps can sometimes fill in the gap in conjuction with user mode debugging , even if the system was n’t booted with / DEBUG .
Tags : Debugging , KD , Local KD , NT Internals
Skype , Inc. has just released their official Skype application for the iPhone and iPod touch .
Skype is a very popular voice - over - IP ( VOIP ) and instant messaging application that allows you to make phone calls over the internet .
Calls can be made to other Skype users or to those with regular landline phones .
CNet spent some time with the release version of the iPhone app :
Skype 's screens are well organized and use the iPhone 's ability to add filters , for instance , to sort your contacts alphabetically , or by who 's online .
There 's chatting as well , though Skype 's flagship feature is its VoIP calling that 's free to other Skype users and an inexpensive per-minute fee to landlines .
Calls on Skype for iPhone work only if you 're in range of a Wi -Fi network , so your call quality will in part be at the mercy and strength of wireless networks nearby -- calls will not work over the cell phone network on the iPhone ( but chatting will . )
As restricted by Apple , the voice - over - IP phone calls will only work over Wi-Fi and not over the cellular connection .
iPod Touch owners with a microphone can also take advantage of the VOIP calling .
App Store Link : Skype , Free
LOL I would give ANYTHING to do this - I 'm way too pyro , I love burning plastic ( though I 've never actually tried - I suggested it as an experiment to my science teacher , though ) , I 'm obsessed with ginormous fireworks , and I 'm addicted to exploding old homework .
A surgical team from Italy have just reported that they ’ve altered human brain function through neurosurgery conducted from outside the skull , by using beams of radiation .
The technique is known as radiosurgery and , in itself , is n’t novel .
The team used the Cyberknife system , specifically designed to do this sort of operation .
However , the technique is typically used to treat brain tumours , and what is new is that the team have adapted this method to permanently knock out targeted areas to alter overall brain function .
They were inspired by deep brain stimulation and functional brain surgery .
These aim to do a similar thing and are most commonly used to treat tremors and movement problems in Parkinson ’s disease by altering the movement circuits in the brain .
This new operation aimed to do something similar , but with radiosurgery .
Their report appears in the journal Medical Physics , where they describe the treatment of two patients with , until then , untreatable disorders .
One with chronic pain , stemming from nerve damage , and other with dystonia , a neurological disorder that causes certain muscles to painfully contract .
One of the challenges with this sort of operation is hitting exactly the right spot , and to achieve the necessary accuracy the team built a 3D computer model of the key areas from the brain scans which they then used to electronically direct the radiosurgery equipment .
The patient with dystonia had a pallidotomy , where part of his basal ganglia was ablated ( destroyed ) , whereas the patient with chronic pain had a thalamotomy , taking out a section of his medial thalamus .
Both patients recovered well , significantly improved and showed no major side - effects at 15 months .
The image on the left shows where the radiation beams entered the head during the operation on the patient with chronic pain .
Link to research report .
Link to PubMed entry for same .
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1100
john.yembrick-1@nasa.gov
John YembrickHeadquarters , Washington202-358-1100
RELEASE : 09-082
NASA New Space Station Module Name Honors Apollo 11 Anniversary
WASHINGTON -- The International Space Station module formerly known as Node 3 has a new name .
After more than a million online responses , the node will be called " Tranquility .
"
The name Tranquility was chosen from thousands of suggestions submitted by participants on NASA 's Web site , www.nasa.gov .
The " Help Name Node 3 " poll asked people to vote for the module 's name either by choosing one of four options listed by NASA or offering their own suggestion .
Tranquility was one of the top 10 suggestions submitted by respondents to the poll , which ended March 20 .
" The public did a fantastic job and surprised us with the quality and volume of the suggestions , " said Bill Gerstenmaier , associate administrator for Space Operations .
" Apollo 11 landed on the moon at the Sea of Tranquility 40 years ago this July .
We selected ' Tranquility ' because it ties it to exploration and the moon and symbolizes the spirit of international cooperation embodied by the space station .
" NASA announced the name Tuesday with the help of Expedition 14 and 15 astronaut Suni Williams on Comedy Central 's " The Colbert Report . "
The show 's producers offered to host the name selection announcement after comedian Stephen Colbert took an interest in the poll and urged his viewers to suggest the name " Colbert , " which received the most entries .
"
We do n't typically name U.S. space station hardware after living people and this is no exception , " Gerstenmaier joked .
" However , NASA is naming its new space station treadmill the ' Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill , ' or COLBERT .
We have invited Stephen to Florida for the launch of COLBERT and to Houston to try out a version of the treadmill that astronauts train on .
" The treadmill is targeted to launch to the station in August .
It will be installed in Tranquility after the node arrives at the station next year .
A newly - created patch will depict the acronym and an illustration of the treadmill .
Tranquility is scheduled to arrive at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida in May .
There , it will be prepared for space shuttle Endeavour 's flight , designated STS - 130 , which is targeted for launch in February 2010 .
Tranquility will join four other named U.S. modules on the station : the Destiny laboratory , the Quest airlock , the Unity node and the Harmony node .
Tranquility is a pressurized module that will provide room for many of the space station 's life support systems .
Attached to the node is a cupola , which is a unique work station with six windows on the sides and one on top .
Suni Williams made the announcement on " The Colbert Report " two years after running the Boston Marathon in space on a station treadmill similar to COLBERT .
Video of Williams ' run and the name announcement on " The Colbert Report " will air on NASA Television 's Video File .
For NASA TV downlink , streaming video and scheduling information , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/ntv
For more information about the node naming poll , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/externalflash/name_ISS/index.html
For more information about the station and the Tranquility module , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/station
For more information about the Apollo 11 anniversary , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/apollo40th
For more information about " The Colbert Report , " visit :
http://www.colbertnation.com
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
Welcome
Altman Warwick specializes in financing all types of commercial properties throughout the US .
By virtue of our extensive lending relationships , many of which span multiple decades , we deliver a very efficient , effective and rewarding borrowing experience to our clients .
To date , Altman Warwick has arranged , structured and closed over $ 22 billion in
A failed asylum - seeker who returned to Darfur under a government repatriation scheme has been murdered by Sudanese security officers after they followed him home from the airport in Khartoum , The Independent has learnt .
Adam Osman Mohammed , 32 , was gunned down in his home in front of his wife and four - year - old son just days after arriving in his village in south Darfur .
The case is to be used by asylum campaigners to counter Home Office attempts to lift the ban on the removal and deportation to Sudan of failed asylum - seekers .
Next month , government lawyers are expected to go to court to argue that it is safe to return as many as 3,000 people to Khartoum .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But lawyers for the campaigners will tell the Asylum and Immigration Tribunal that people who are returned to Sudan face imprisonment , torture and death .
Mr Mohammed , a non-Arab Darfuri , came to Britain in 2005 seeking sanctuary from persecution in Sudan , where he said his life was in danger .
The village where he was a farmer had been raided twice by the Janjaweed , the ethnic Arab militia , forcing him and his wife and child to flee their home .
His family in Britain told The Independent that Mr Mohammed witnessed many villagers being killed and became separated from his wife during a second attack on the village a few weeks later .
He escaped to Chad before making his way to the UK in 2005 .
But last year his appeal for asylum was finally turned down and he was told that he faced deportation .
In August last year he was flown to Khartoum under the Home Office 's assisted voluntary return programme , in which refugees are paid to go back to their country of origin .
He stayed in Khartoum for a few months and then , when he believed it was safe , he travelled to Darfur to be reunited with his family .
Mohamed Elzaki Obubeker , Mr Mohammed 's cousin and chairman of the Darfur Union in the UK , said : " The government security forces had followed him to another village , Calgoo , where his wife and child had sought help .
They came to the village to find him and then targeted him .
They shot him in front of his wife and son . "
Waging Peace , the human rights campaign group which is to bring Mr Mohammed 's case to the attention of the Asylum and Immigration Tribunal in April , said it deplored any attempt to lift the ban on returning non-Arab Darfuris to Sudan .
Louise Roland - Gosselin , the group 's director , said : " We are deeply concerned by what has happened to Adam and many like him .
" The Government still wants to send back Darfuri asylum - seekers .
But it is difficult to understand on what basis the Government is making this decision .
The International Criminal Court has issued a warrant for the arrest of Sudan 's President , Omar al - Bashir , over murders committed during the genocide .
It shows just how out of touch the Home Office is with the reality taking place in Khartoum if it thinks it 's safe to send people back to a country where there is clear evidence of genocide . "
Amnesty International 's UK refugee programme director , Jan Shaw , said yesterday : " Darfur is still incredibly dangerous .
A climate of insecurity prevails and human rights abusers act with impunity .
Women are still exposed to rape and other civilians are still being murdered or forced to flee their homes .
Even in Khartoum we have concerns that Darfuris may be at risk of persecution .
No one should be removed to Sudan at the present time .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" The UK should also treat refused asylum - seekers humanely when they have come to the UK seeking sanctuary .
People from Sudan have been refused asylum here , but at present they can't be removed .
Yet in most cases this means that all their support is cut off and they could be left destitute on the streets with nothing .
It 's tragic if some people then get so desperate that they return to Sudan despite the risks to their safety . "
Between 2,000 and 3,000 Darfuris living in the United Kingdom are at risk of removal to Sudan .
Mr Obubeker added : " The government suspects everyone who returns from the United Kingdom as being anti-government , whether it is true or not .
They regard them as enemies of the state .
What happened to my cousin is a terrible thing to have happened to someone who thought he had escaped to a country for safety .
He wanted to live in Britain because he knew it was too dangerous for him to live in Darfur .
But despite making claims for asylum , his case was rejected .
He became even more sad when he found out that his asylum case was lost .
" He had n't made many friends in Birmingham and he started to think about his wife and son .
It is a tragedy because all he wanted was a new life in this country – and for that he is dead . "
Mr Mohammed spent most of his time in Britain living in Perry Barr , Birmingham , where his family said he found it difficult to integrate with the community .
Home Office guidance for caseworkers deciding asylum claims brought by Darfuris makes it clear that the Government believes it is safe to return people to Khartoum .
The guidance states : " The fact that a returnee has unsuccessfully sought international protection in the United Kingdom is likely to be known to the Sudanese authorities ...
However , a person will not as such be at real risk on return to Khartoum , either at the airport or subsequently , simply because he or she is an involuntary returnee of Sudanese nationality . "
A UK Border Agency spokesman said : " We consider every asylum application with the utmost care and , crucially , there is oversight from the independent courts .
We are continuing to monitor the situation in Sudan , and in July last year we took the decision to stop returning non-Arab Darfuris until the courts decided it was safe to do so . "
Trouble spots : Voluntary returns
Afghanistan
Britain stopped deporting Afghan refugees in 1995 – failed asylum - seekers were granted " exceptional leave to remain " .
The rules changed after the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan and end of Taliban rule ; a voluntary assisted return programme began in 2003 and single claimants were offered £ 600 to go back .
Iraq
Iraqis went back to northern Iraq under the voluntary scheme from 2003 and have been offered deals to go back to Baghdad .
Under the terms , those returning to Iraq sign a waiver releasing the International Organisation for Migration from any responsibility for or liability towards them .
Zimbabwe
In 2006 , 200 failed asylum - seekers voluntarily returned to Zimbabwe .
Last year , the Government stopped forced returns but Zimbabweans can still take advantage of the voluntary programme to return .
Cast changes have hurt “ Reno 911 ! ”
Wendi McLendon - Covey ( Clementine ) , Mary Birdsong ( Dep. Kimball ) and Carlos Alazraqui ( Dep. Garcia ) are out , Joe Lo Truglio and Ian Roberts are in .
Nothing against the new guys , but I miss Clemmy , Kimball and Garcia .
It has been tough to find out why “ Reno 911 ! ” is seemingly ruining a good thing , but McLendon - Covey posted this on her MySpace blog :
Since you asked ….
Hi everyone !
Recently I ’ve been asked the same questions over and over , so I thought I ’d better just address the subject here so I do n’t have to keep writing individual messages about it .
No , I ’m not on Reno 911 anymore .
No , I did n’t leave on my own .
No , I did n’t see it coming .
No , I was n’t the only one who was dismissed .
No , it was n’t because we were n’t doing a good job – in this business you do n’t necessarily get hired because you ’re good , and you do n’t necessarily get let go because you ’re bad .
Yes , I was on the set of THE OFFICE when I found out .
Yes , I was disappointed at first , but as Sophia Loren used to say , “ Do n’t cry over anything that wo n’t cry over you . ”
Five seasons and a movie was a good run , and I ’m surprised that it lasted that long .
I ’m grateful to have been a part of the show but believe me , it was really time to move on and play other types of weird women – maybe someone who wears a turtleneck !
We wrapped season 5 in April of 2007 , so I ’ve been away from the show for 2 years .
It ’s a distant , bittersweet memory now .
So thanks to all of you for liking my character !
Thanks for being so sweet to me .
xoxoxoxox , Wendi
As for the newcomers , here ’s what the show ’s wiki page has on them …
Season six newcomers Joe Lo Truglio and Ian Roberts are no strangers to Reno 911 .
Both appeared as guest stars in past seasons , and both also appeared in Reno 911 : Miami .
As a member of “ The State ” , Lo Truglio is an old friend of the 3 creators and has worked with them on numerous projects .
Roberts is a founding member of the popular Upright Citizens Brigade improv comedy troupe , who had their own Comedy Central sketch show from 1998 - 2000 .
I miss the dynamic between Garcia and Dep. Jones , the questions about Dep. Kimball ’s true sexuality and pretty much everything about Clemmy .
I ’m not sure what prompted the changes ; in the case of Lo Truglio , it might be nepotism given that he is old friends with the creators .
The additions have made the cast less diverse and it ’s affecting the overall vibe .
The Republican whining about Obama and bipartisanship is getting tiresome .
To work , bipartisanship has to be a two - way street .
But , the Republicans have a roadblock on their side of the street — and they bitch every time Obama tries to get around their obstructions :
Senior members of the Obama administration are pressing lawmakers to use a shortcut to drive the president ’s signature initiatives on health care and energy through Congress without Republican votes , a move that many lawmakers say would fly in the face of President Obama ’s pledge to restore bipartisanship to Washington .
Republicans are howling about the proposal to expand health coverage and tax greenhouse gas emissions without their input , warning that it could irrevocably damage relations with the new president .
“ That would be the Chicago approach to governing : Strong - arm it through , ” said Sen. Judd Gregg ( R - N.H. ) , who briefly considered joining the Obama administration as commerce secretary .
“ You ’re talking about the exact opposite of bipartisan .
You ’re talking about running over the minority , putting them in cement and throwing them in the Chicago River . ”
Obama went to the White House with a vow to change the way things are done .
The Republicans are playing the same games .
Obama vowed accomplishments for the American people .
The Republicans on Capitol Hill are doing every thing they can to stop him .
So , when Obama basically , says “ Fine , I ’ll do it without you , ” the Republicans whine and run to the media .
It ’s pathetic and it ’s gotten really old already .
NOTE FROM JOHN : “ [ W ] arning that it could irrevocably damage relations with the new president . ”
Right , those would be the relations where Obama bent over backwards , even offered the GOP 3 cabinet posts , and in return 3 of them – a whopping 3 – voted for the stimulus package .
What “ relations ” are the Republicans talking about ?
Rush Limbaugh , the leader of the GOP , has said repeatedly he wants Obama to fail .
Most of the GOPers on the Hill are lemmings who follow ( and fear ) Rush .
That ’s what Obama is up against .
Republicans want to kill Obama ’s agenda .
It ’s good that the White House has figured that out .
Now , roll the Republicans .
Team Obama should “ Strong - arm it through . ”
It ’s the only way to save the country from the economic disaster created by the Republicans .
Slurping zero-content ™
Since 2015 - 10 - 07 Yahoo's Slurp bot has been indexing zero- content™ ( published on 2001 - 06-08 ) .
It is requesting up to 15 pages per second ( 1.3 million pages per day ) and crawls up to 50 clicks deep .
At this rate , Slurp will need more than 2 million years to index everything .
This page shows what Slurp is indexing right now , real time .
Each rectangle represents an area of zero- content™ that was requested by Slurp .
Rectangles are scaled to make tiny areas visible , the colour of the rectangle depends on size .
The last ten requests by Slurp are listed below :
Medialink Worldwide , the largest producer of fake news products such as video news releases ( VNRs ) and audio news releases ( ANRs ) , is teetering on the brink of collapse .
In its latest annual report , the company reports that it had an operating loss of over $ 8.2 million in 2008 and " expects to incur operating losses in 2009 as revenues continue to decline in the current economic climate . "
The company states that it will continue cost - cutting measures and that is " is looking for " additional financing or investment from potentially interested third - party investors or buyers . "
However , it warns that unless it can raise additional funding it may not survive .
O'Dwyer 's PR Daily notes ( sub req 'd ) that the company 's external auditor , KPMG , stated that " these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company 's ability to continue as a going concern . ”
Over the last year , the company 's share price has collapsed from $ 1.21 to trade at around 13 cents .
There was bipartisan support in Congress for finding a way to increase worker participation .
But many companies told Congress that they were reluctant to automatically enroll workers for fear that they would be sued if the funds performed poorly .
Congress responded by passing legislation that provided protections against lawsuits if the companies put employees into certain categories of default funds and provided a match for part of an employee 's contribution .
The intent behind the regulation was to get more people to contribute to retirement savings accounts .
Such savings are considered a pressing need at a time when the number of company - run pension plans is shrinking and many baby boomers are on the verge of retirement .
About two - thirds of workers opted into such plans before 2006 , and participation was expected to rise to more than 90 percent with an auto - enrollment provision .
While there is no official tally of how many people have been subject to the regulation , an analysis by the private Employee Benefits Research Institute , based on overall enrollment in retirement plans , estimated that up to two million workers have already been enrolled into the accounts since the regulation was adopted in 2007 .
" I firmly believe that the regulation is a very good one and will serve people very well , " said Bradford Campbell , the former assistant secretary of labor for employee benefits , who oversaw the writing of the rule .
" I believe what we put in was appropriate strategy for long - term retirement savings . "
But federal officials who wrote the regulation said it reflects their belief that stock investments would pay off over the course of many years and cannot be evaluated on the basis of a year in which the stock market has collapsed .
" Everybody was going to win , everybody was going to Disney World , everyone would ride the equity wave " and make profits , said Gina Mitchell , president of the Stable Value Investment Association , which represents some of the companies whose conservative strategy was rejected .
" They really underestimated the volatility of the market . "
If the workers failed to specify how they wanted their money invested , the company would be required by law to place their retirement money in investment funds that , for the most part , relied heavily on stocks .
The administration specifically rejected calls for a more conservative investment option .
The administration 's decisions came in response to a congressional mandate to encourage more workers to participate in company - sponsored retirement savings plans .
The Bush administration came up with a rule that enabled businesses to automatically enroll their workers in tax - free 401 ( k ) retirement plans .
Many of the funds in which workers were automatically enrolled dropped more than 25 percent last year , while a more conservative investment strategy rejected by the Bush administration would have resulted in a gain of 4.7 percent .
WASHINGTON - Shortly before the first signs of the stock market collapse , the Bush administration made a crucial decision that has propelled an estimated one to two million workers into stock - heavy retirement funds .
The impact was immediate :
The percentage of companies offering automatic enrollment jumped from 24 percent to 36 percent after the measure was passed , according to industry studies .
But Congress left it up to the Bush administration to determine what categories of funds should be allowed .
That set off a lobbying frenzy between companies that sold stock - heavy funds and those that offered nonstock " stable value " funds .
Stable value funds are composed of fixed - income investments and are coupled with insurance contracts that are designed to offset fluctuations in interest rates .
They are not guaranteed , and a small number have lost value .
But the mostly stable returns - an average return of 4.7 percent last year - have made them increasingly popular .
Backers of such funds said they were particularly well suited for people who did not opt in or out of their retirement plans because such individuals might be unfamiliar with the risks associated with stock funds .
The Bush administration , however , rejected the pleas of stable value fund managers to have their product be available as a stand - alone option for automatically enrolled workers , reasoning that the funds would be vastly outperformed by stock - heavy investments over the long term .
The administration asserted that the stable value funds would not provide " meaningful retirement savings over the long term . "
The Bush administration instead required that automatically enrolled workers be placed in other types of funds , with the most popular category being " target date " funds that have a mix of stocks , bonds and other products and are designed to become more conservative as a person nears retirement .
But the funds have not always worked as advertised , with even some of the funds designed for people near retirement being far more heavily invested in stocks than the government had expected .
In one case , a fund with a 2010 retirement target had 64 percent of its portfolio in stocks and has lost 40 percent of its value in the last year .
Morningstar , a market analysis company , surveyed all the major 2010 funds and found that their one - year return , as of March 31 , ranged from a loss of a little more than 6 percent to a loss of nearly 41 percent .
The Senate Special Committee on Aging says that target date funds are expected to make up 20 percent of savings in 401 ( k ) and related retirement plans by 2010 - up from just 3 percent in 2006 .
" I am very concerned that so many Americans are being moved into a financial product devoid of any regulation , " the committee 's chairman , Herbert Kohl , Democrat of Wisconsin , wrote recently to the Obama administration , requesting a review of the way workers are being put into target date funds under the Bush - era regulation .
Kohl wrote that large losses " simply should not occur in a financial product that was designed and is specifically advertised to limit risk and volatility as one nears retirement . "
Campbell said it is " flatly wrong " to call the funds unregulated .
But he said some of the funds for those nearing retirement may have been too heavily into stocks .
If the funds were not managed according to " prudent " standards , he said , workers who were put into the funds may have legal recourse against those who ran them .
Brian Reid , the chief economist of the Investment Company Institute , whose members offer the target date funds , said the plans are here to stay because they help people balance their plans for their retirement .
Asked if some of the plans were too aggressively into stocks , he said , " This is the first generation of understanding of how these work in the markets . "
Given the impact of the stock market decline on the funds , he predicted that " we will be observing more firms offering target date funds that have much more conservative glide paths . "
Workers who are automatically enrolled in such funds usually are given the option of later choosing from a broader array of funds offered by their employer .
Michael Kranish can be reached at kranish@globe.com
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Alistair Darling has said the UK will have to borrow a record £ 175bn as he admitted the economy faces its worst year since the Second World War .
The chancellor tore up a key New Labour election pledge by unveiling a new 50 p tax rate for earnings over £ 150,000 .
He also cut future spending plans in a Budget which added 2 p on fuel , 1p on a pint of beer and 7p on cigarettes .
The package would steer the UK through to recovery , he said .
The Tories said the economy was in an " utter mess " .
Leader David Cameron said not enough had been done to get spending under control and " Britain simply cannot afford another five years of Labour " .
KEY POINTS 50 % tax rate for earnings over £ 150,000 Big debt and deficit increases Economy shrinks at record rate Public spending squeeze planned Books not balanced until 2018 2 p on fuel , 1p on a pint of beer and 7p on cigarettes £ 15 bn public sector ' efficiency savings '
Claw back tax relief on top earners ' pension £ 2bn help for young unemployed £ 1bn to boost housing market £ 2,000 car scrappage scheme
At-a- glance : Budget 2009 Analysis : Election countdown
In quotes : Budget reaction Total government debt will double to 79 % of GDP by 2013 - the highest level since the Second World War .
The annual budget deficit will rise sharply to £ 175 bn for the next two years .
The Budget received a cool reception in the City with the pound down - and the Confederation of British Industry said it did not set out a " credible and rigorous " path to recovery .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said the government " have condemned us to years of unemployment and decades of debt " and claimed Labour had been " desperately rushing around picking up half - baked ideas to save the skin of this failing government " .
The new top rate of tax is a change of plan from the pre-Budget report last year in which Mr Darling had proposed a new tax rate of 45 % .
It is also being brought in a year earlier than planned " to pay for additional support for people now " .
Mr Darling also scrapped tax relief on top earners ' pensions .
BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson said Labour had ditched its manifesto pledge not to raise income tax before the next election in an effort to " wrongfoot " its opponents and cheer its core supporters , as well as raising money .
In other Budget measures , fuel duty will increase by 2 p per litre in September and then by 1 p a litre above inflation each April for the next four years .
BUDGET 2009
Complete Budget report [ 2.59 MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here Alcohol duties will go up by 2 % - about 4p on a bottle of wine and 13p on a bottle of spirits - from midnight .
Mr Darling said the various tax raising measures would raise more than £ 6bn by 2012 .
That would help pay for a real terms boost in pensioners ' income - including new pension recognition for grandparents who care for their grandchildren - and help for savers with ISAs .
There will also be a " car scrappage " scheme under which people trading in cars older than 10 years for new ones will get £ 2,000 to boost the ailing motor industry .
Jobs
And there will be more help to get people back into work quickly and support businesses and homeowners facing problems .
Everyone under the age of 25 out of work for 12 months or more will be offered a job or a place on a training scheme .
In addition , the government will create or support up to 250,000 jobs in deprived areas .
Find out the key words used by Alistair Darling in his Budget speech .
Enlarge Image
Another widely trailed measure confirmed was the extension of the Stamp Duty holiday on properties sold for less than £ 175,000 until the end of the year as part of a £ 1bn package aimed at boosting house sales and building .
In his speech , Mr Darling confirmed the economy would shrink by 3.5 % in 2009 - far worse than his pre-Budget forecasts .
Public borrowing will also soar to record levels as the Treasury wrestles with a combination of falling tax receipts , higher spending and the cost of bank bail - outs .
But Mr Darling insisted other major countries were suffering a worse downturn .
Spending squeeze
He said the Budget would " build on the strength of the British economy " .
The government had been " guided by our core values of fairness and opportunity - and our determination to invest and grow our way out of recession " .
But he also made clear his recovery plans depended on a rapid economic bounce - back - with a forecast of 1.25 % growth next year rising to 3.5 % in 2011 .
The Treasury will also bid to close the gap between dwindling tax receipts and soaring spending by selling £ 220bn in gilts , or government - backed debt - a new record .
BUDGET FORECASTS
Growth - Minus 3.5 % in 2009 , rising to 1.25 % in 2010 and 3.5 % in 2011 Debt - Doubles to 79 % of GDP by 2013 Deficit - Rises to £ 175bn for two years before falling to £ 97bn in 2013/ 14
SNP attacks spending ' cut '
Wales faces £ 416 m budget squeeze NI reaction to Darling 's Budget
And he admitted that the economy would first face a period of deepening deflation with the Retail Price Index falling to a low of minus 3 % by September .
The chancellor is also squeezing public spending in the future by saying it will grow by only 0.7 % per year from 2011 - a lower growth rate than when Mrs Thatcher was in power .
Despite this the public finances will only balance by 2018 - two years later than previously forecast .
There was also grim news on the jobs front ahead of the Budget , with unemployment figures showing the number of people looking for work has reached 2.1 million - its highest level since Labour came to power in 1997 .
The government claimed Scotland would get an extra £ 104 m from the Budget but the SNP said it would mean " a real terms cut in Scottish spending " of £ 500 m that would cost 9,000 jobs .
The Welsh Assembly Government says it is facing a cut of more than £ 400 m in its funding for next year .
Opposition parties have called it " a huge blow " and warned that it will have have a major impact on frontline services .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For most PharmaCare plans , you must be actively enrolled in the Medical Services Plan of B.C. ( MSP ) .
PharmaCare covers eligible prescription drugs and medical supplies through several drug plans .
The largest is the Fair PharmaCare plan , which is based on income : the lower your income , the more help you get .
Once you have PharmaCare coverage , at the pharmacy , you pay only the costs PharmaCare does not cover .
BC PharmaCare also covers some pharmacy services .
Find out which pharmacies are not enrolled in PharmaCare or are enrolled with limits and conditions . ​
​
The European study saw no benefit of screening in the first seven years of follow - up .
Screening is not only an issue in prostate cancer .
If the European study is correct , mammography has about the same benefit as the PSA test , said Dr. Michael B. Barry , a prostate cancer researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital who wrote an editorial accompanying the papers .
But prostate cancers often are less dangerous than breast cancers , so screening and subsequent therapy can result in more harm .
With mammography , about 10 women receive a diagnosis and needless treatment for breast cancer to prevent one death .
With both cancers , researchers say they badly need a way to distinguish tumors that would be deadly without treatment from those that would not .
When the American and European studies began , in the early 1990s , PSA testing was well under way in the United States , and many expected that the screening test would make the prostate cancer death rate plummet by 50 percent or more .
Dr. Brawley was at the cancer institute then , though not directly involved with its prostate cancer screening study .
But he saw the reactions .
Some urologists said the study was unethical , because some people would not be screened , and demanded it be shut down , he said .
One group of black urologists encouraged black men not to participate because blacks have a greater risk of prostate cancer and it seemed obvious they should be screened .
Some thought that they would see fewer cancer deaths among screened men as quickly as five years .
But it became clear that screening would not have a large , immediate effect  if it did , the studies would have been stopped and victory declared .
Cancer researchers began turning to less rigorous sources of data , with some arguing that screening was preventing cancer deaths and others arguing it was not .
In the United States , many men and their doctors have made up their minds  most men over age 50 have already been screened , and each year more than 180,000 receive a diagnosis of prostate cancer .
In Europe , said Dr. Fritz H. Schröder of Erasmus University , the lead author of the European study , most men are not screened .
“ The mentality of Europeans is different , ” he said , and screening is not so highly promoted .
Both studies will continue to follow the men .
It remains possible that the United States study will eventually find that screening can reduce the prostate cancer death rate , researchers say , or that both studies will conclude that there is no real reduction .
“ I certainly think there ’s information here that ’s food for thought , ” Dr. Brawley said .
The benefits of prostate cancer screening , he said , are “ modest at best and with a greater downside than any other cancer we screen for . ”
Designer Hella Jongerius will exhibit a collection of tables featuring giant animals at Galerie Kreo in Paris next week , alongside the Artificial Flowers in our previous story .
The collection will be a series of three tables including animals , made from a variety of materials and finishes .
Frog Table ( above ) is a solid , walnut wood table with a frog appearing to climb onto one corner .
The frog is partly coated in blue , transparent enamel .
Turtle Coffee Table ( below ) is a small , multi-coloured coffee table in the shape of a turtle , with a resin fruit bowl on top if its shell .
The range also includes a small , leather - covered coffee table that incorporates a porcelain vase , called Snail Table .
The collection comprises a limited edition of eight numbered and signed pieces .
Called Natura Design Magistra , the exhibition also includes Jongerius ' Artifical Flowers ( see our previous story ) .
It will open this Saturday and continue until May 30th .
Photographs © Morgane Le Gall , courtesy Galerie Kreo .
Here are some more details from Galerie Kreo :
--
Exhibition :
Galerie kreo
April 4th 2009 to May 30th 2009
Opening hours :
Tuesday to Saturday from 11:00 a.m. until 7:00 p.m .
Animal Tables - collection natura design magistra , 2009
Designer : Hella JONGERIUS
Producer : Galerie kreo
Limited edition of 8 pieces + 2 A.P. + 2 Prototypes
Numbered & signed pieces
Frog Table , 2009
Description & Materials : Walnut wood and blue transparent enamel .
Dimensions of the table : - Height : 29,1 inches ( 74 cm )
Length : 70,8 inches ( 180 cm ) - Width : 35,4 inches ( 90 cm )
Dimensions of the Frog : - Height : 59 inches ( 150 cm )
Width : 49,2 inches ( 125 cm )
Turtle Coffee table , 2009
Description & Materials : Resins of different colors .
Dimensions of the total piece : - Height : 24,7 inches ( 62,8 cm )
Max .
diameter : 44,3 inches ( 112,5 cm )
Dimensions of the table : - Height : 12,2 inches ( 31 cm )
Diameter : 36,4 inches ( 92,5 cm )
Dimensions of the tortle : - Height : 44,8 inches x 33,4 inches ( 114 cm x 85 cm )
Dimensions of the cup : - Diameter : 22,8 inches ( 58 cm )
More Dezeen stories about Hella Jongerius :
.
Nike 1 World AF1 by Maharam with Hella Jongerius
Office Pets by Hella Jongerius
Rotterdam Chair by Hella Jongerius
Blossom lights
Given the relentless barrage of bad news about the U.S. banking system and the near - constant calls for the government to nationalize the country 's biggest banks , you could n't be faulted for wondering if Warren Buffett had lost his mind when , in a three - hour appearance on CNBC Tuesday , he called this " a great time to be in banking , " talked about the massive " earnings power " of banks like Wells Fargo , and said that the government actually does n't need to supply most banks with " lots of capital . "
( Another explanation for Buffett 's relatively upbeat forecast was that , in industry parlance , he was just " talking his book , " since he has big stakes in banks like Wells Fargo and U.S. Bancorp . )
But the truth is that the recent history of U.S. banking suggests there 's a chance , at least , that Buffett was right .
The key to understanding Buffett 's less - than - apocalyptic take on the banks is the idea of the spread : the gap between the interest rate banks can charge for the loans they make and the interest rate they have to pay for the money they borrow -- from depositors or other lenders .
When the Federal Reserve slashes interest rates , particularly when they slash them as aggressively as they have in the past year , spreads widen , so that every loan a bank issues becomes more profitable .
And that 's especially true today , because the risk aversion of investors and financial institutions has meant that the interest rates on loans have fallen less than they normally would have , given the steep decline in the fed funds rate .
Buffett , for instance , said that in the fourth quarter of 2008 , Wells Fargo 's cost of funds -- how much it had to pay to borrow money -- was just 1.44 percent .
Needless to say , the average interest rate it charged the people it was lending to was a lot higher than that .
In fact , though it 's hard to get exact data on this , it 's possible that , as Buffett said , the spreads on loans have " never been wider . "
And when you combine that with the sheer number of loans these giant banks have on their books , you 're talking about individual banks earning tens of billions of dollars on their own .
Does that mean that the banks are fine ?
Not necessarily .
The basic problem the banks face is that they need to recapitalize themselves .
One way to do that is by taking their profits and , as it were , banking them .
But the banks still have lots of old , bad assets on their books , and it 's possible that , as many predict , the value of those assets will fall more than their earnings will rise .
And if the economy gets significantly worse , the increase in bad loans will probably cancel out the effect of wider spreads .
So why might most of the banks come out of this okay , without having the government nationalize them ?
One reason is that since most of these banks have slashed their dividends to pennies , every dollar they earn essentially goes to recapitalization , instead of going out the door to shareholders .
And with the government looking over their shoulders , it 's also likely that the banks are going to be running tighter ships , so their expenses may be down as well .
That 's why Buffett said on Tuesday : " I mean , the right prescription with most of the banks is just let them pay very little in the way of dividends and build up capital for awhile , and they will build up a lot of capital . "
The interesting thing about this prescription is that , in some ways , it 's precisely how the U.S. got out of its last big banking crisis , which happened during the recession of 1990 - 1991 .
While it has n't been talked about very much , during that recession most of the big moneycenter banks were , by today 's standards , insolvent -- arguably more insolvent , in fact , than the big banks are today .
They were not nationalized or put into receivership .
Instead , after the Fed slashed interest rates , the banks hunkered down , cut back on risky loans , and allowed the wider spreads to work their magic , and over time earned their way out of insolvency .
Today 's crisis is different in some important respects ( in the earlier crisis , banks were able to make easy profits by investing in government debt , while today the profits on such an investment would be quite small ) .
And there are some banks today which may be carrying so many bad loans that even their increased earnings power wo n't save them .
At the very least , though , history suggests that Buffett has not gone around the bend , and that it 's a mistake to think that nationalization is the only plausible solution to our current banking crisis .
By Nick Bryant
BBC News , Sydney
The beach was closed after the attack
An Australian surfer has been attacked by a shark at a northern Sydney beach - the third such attack in as many weeks .
The teenager was said to be in a stable condition after suffering severe lacerations to his leg when surfing with his father at Avalon .
Experts believe cleaner waters around Sydney , plus a rise in fish stocks due to a ban on commercial fishing , have attracted more sharks to the area .
In one recent case , a diver lost limbs in a shark attack .
The 15 - year - old boy suffered severe cuts , particularly to the upper thigh , and was bleeding heavily when he was brought to shore .
He was airlifted to hospital , where his condition has been described as stable .
Nobody has been killed in the attacks , but a naval diver lost an arm and a leg after being attacked in the city 's harbour , close to the Opera House .
And a surfer almost lost a hand when he was savaged at Bondi .
It was the first attack at Australia 's iconic beach in 80 years .
People have been warned not to swim alone at dawn or dusk , but researchers have also pointed out that more people die from bee stings and lightning strikes than shark attacks .
The gullies may extend the history of running water on the surface of Mars
Enlarge Image
Mars appears to have had running water on its surface about one million years ago , according to new evidence .
Images from a Nasa spacecraft orbiting the Red Planet show a gully system on the surface which appears to be about 1.25 million years old , the study says .
They believe the channels were sculpted by surface water from melting ice .
It may represent the most recent period when water flowed on the planet , a team from Brown University in Rhode Island , US , report in the journal Geology .
Gullies on the Red Planet are known to be young features , but scientists have found it difficult to pin down their precise ages .
You never end up with a pond that you can put goldfish in , but you have transient melt water
Samuel Schon , Brown University But Samuel Schon and colleagues from Brown were able to do this using impact craters on a gully system in Promethei Terra , an area of cratered highlands south of the Martian equator .
" You never end up with a pond that you can put goldfish in , " Mr Schon explained .
" But you have transient melt water .
You had ice that typically sublimates .
But in these instances it melted , transported , and deposited sediment in the fan .
It did n't last long , but it happened . "
The researchers say the discovery of a gully system , even an isolated one , that supported running water as recently as 1.25 million years ago greatly extends the time that liquid water could have been active on the Red Planet .
It also adds to evidence that Mars experienced a recent ice age in which polar ice is thought to have been transported toward the planet 's equator , where it settled in mid-latitude deposits .
Separate events
From afar , the gully system looks like one entity several hundred metres wide .
But detailed study of images from Nasa 's Mars Reconaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) spacecraft shows there were four intervals in which water - borne sediments were carried down the steep slopes of nearby features called alcoves and were laid down in a deposit called an alluvial fan .
In order to estimate the age of the system , the scientists used a method of counting craters .
Because impacts occur with some regularity , this has become an established way of dating planetary surfaces .
In very simple terms , more cratered surfaces are deemed older , while smoother surfaces are considered younger .
Mars may have experienced a recent ice age , researchers say
The researchers accept that because the rate of cratering may shift up and down over time there is a degree of uncertainty in this calculation .
But they say this is within acceptable limits .
Mr Schon said that the most recent data from Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which has a very high resolution camera , had been able to image many new small craters , allowing scientists to confirm the " production function " of these more minor structures .
" We counted well over 200 small craters related to that deposit .
So we actually had robust statistics , " he told BBC News .
Mr Schon and his colleagues were able to distinguish four individual " lobe " features which make up the alluvial fan , and determine that each of these lobes must have been deposited in separate events .
He said the fan was probably built up over several thousand years :
" The complete fan has been built up through multiple episodes of depositions , spread out through time , " he said .
One of the lobes was pockmarked with small craters ; the scientists identified this as the oldest component of the fan .
The other lobes , meanwhile , were unblemished , suggesting they had to be younger .
" We think there was recent water on Mars , " said co-author James Head III , a professor of geological sciences at Brown University .
" This is a big step in the direction to proving that . "
Using a comparison with another cratered surface 80 km to the south - west , the team was able to date the oldest lobe of the fan to about 1.25 million years ago .
This established a maximum age for the younger , superimposed lobes .
The researchers suggest the formation developed when ice and snow deposits formed in the alcoves during the most recent ice age on Mars .
About half a million years ago , ice in the mid-latitudes began to melt or , in most instances , changed directly to vapour - a process called sublimation .
The team considered other options , such as groundwater bubbling up to the surface .
But they say the most likely mode of formation for the gullies was the melting of snow and ice deposits that created " modest " flows of water .
The finding follows the discovery of water - bearing minerals such as opals and carbonates on Mars .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The founders of The Pirate Bay , a BitTorrent tracking service , are now facing jail time and a hefty fine .
A Swedish court found Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , Peter Sunde and Carl Lundström guilty of being accessories to crimes against copyright law .
The four were sentenced Friday morning to one year in jail and US $ 3.6 million in damages .
The Pirate Bay Fight
The ruling follows a fight stretching back to 2006 .
That ’s when Swedish police first raided the Internet company hosting The Pirate Bay ’s servers .
Formal charges were filed last January , though they were later lessened : Prosecutors dropped a secondary charge of “ assisting copyright infringement ” and went only with “ assisting making available copyrighted material ” instead .
The Pirate Bay Verdict : What ’s Next
Do n’t expect to see any sudden change from all of this .
The Pirate Bay Web site is still online and active as of Friday morning .
A message on the home page calmly and confidently states :
“ Do n’t worry – we ’re from the internets .
It ’s going to be alright . :-) ”
Further in the site , the founders get slightly more defiant .
“ So , the dice courts judgment is here .
It was lol to read and hear , crazy verdict , ” states a message posted on a special press conference page .
“ But as in all good movies , the heroes lose in the beginning but have an epic victory in the end anyhow .
That ’s the only thing Hollywood ever taught us . ”
One of the men told reporters he has no plans to pay a dime of the fee , saying he would “ rather burn everything [ he ] own[s ] and not even give them the final dust from the burning . ”
The Pirate Bay team has already indicated it plans to file an appeal that would take the case to the Supreme Court .
It could be years before any verdict there is reached .
See Steven Hodson ’s take on the news : “ The Pirate Bay boys heading to jail and Google keeps serving up files ”
Talk about an economic stimulus .
California taxpayers have paid $ 46,791 so that employees of the San Francisco pornographer Kink.com might produce more perfect web - based depictions of motorized dildo impalements on www.fuckingmachines.com; do a better job displaying women as they 're bound , gagged , and repeatedly electrically shocked on www.wiredpussy.com; and more effectively transmit images of , well , people doing pretty much what you 'd imagine they'd be doing on www.whippedass.com.
That 's right : California 's government has been subsidizing torture - based pornography .
The subsidy has been routed through the California Employment Training Panel ( ETP ) , an agency set up to make state businesses more competitive with foreign and out - of - state ones by paying contractors who train in - state workers .
Kink.com , famous to San Franciscans as the pornographer that not long ago bought the massive former Armory building in the Mission District , received its training through the Bay Area Video Coalition , a Mission nonprofit that provides classes in video and multimedia technology .
Kink.com is " legally recognized by California , " says Video Coalition executive director Ken Ikeda .
" They employ 100 Bay Area residents , and they also pay into payroll taxes .
They 're a valued community neighbor of ours .
In training their employees , we 're in complete alignment with the ETP 's vision of keeping employees competitive in the international marketplace . "
Sadly , this story does n't have a happy ending , at least from a porn industry perspective .
After I submitted a state public records request to find out how much money Californians had been paying to train workers of Cybernet Entertainment LLC — Kink.com 's formally registered business name — I received a letter from ETP general counsel Maureen Reilly , who said the government had been unaware that Cybernet was in the business of narrowcasting videos depicting sexualized torture .
" By long - standing policy , ETP does not fund training in the adult entertainment industry , " she wrote , suggesting that the Bay Area Video Coalition might have done more to make the government aware that Cybernet was in the porn business .
" Since learning about Kink.com through your Public Records
Act request , ETP has informed BAVC that it will no longer reimburse the cost of training the employees of Cybernet . "
Kink.com chief operating officer Daniel Riedel says the company had been using state - subsidized multimedia training for three years to educate staffers in video shooting and editing , Photoshop , and other multimedia skills .
" The fact we got cut off abruptly right after you requested those documents is unfortunate , especially with the economy the way it is and everything else that 's been going on , " he said .
Kink.com has n't been immune to the recession ; it recently laid off several staff , according to news reports .
" It 's going to be very much more expensive to operate in San Francisco , or in California " without the government training subsidy , Riedel said .
The stripping of Kink.com 's funding raises an intriguing question :
Does the state 's refusal to train porn - makers violate constitutional free - speech guarantees ?
I 'm not joking .
Some serious and credible people says it 's worth considering whether it 's legal to deny training to porn workers merely because they film naked , shackled women with live electrodes clipped to their genitals .
The California Employment Training Panel 's policy of denying education subsidies to pornographers came about a few years ago , when an employee recognized a major video porn producer among employers on its list .
In response , agency officials struggled to come up with a policy that would placate conservatives and porn haters and neutralize First Amendment advocates .
Officials fretted " about pirating of products and victimization of workers in media services , " according to the minutes of a June 2006 panel meeting .
Riedel denies the victimization charge .
" Most of our models have been around longer than the down economy , " he said .
" We go through an extensive interview process to make sure they 're okay with this .
We do n't like working with models that are n't into this .
If it 's not consensual , it does n't work . "
San Francisco clinical psychologist Melissa Farley does n't buy that .
In 2007 , she posted on her antipornography Web site , Traffick Jamming , the famous photograph of a hooded Abu Ghraib prisoner alongside a photograph she says came from Kink.com of a shackled , blindfolded woman apparently being poked with a cattle prod .
" In this economy , this is something women would rather not do , but they feel they have to , " she said .
" This is a form of economic coercion .
But people would rather not think of it that way .
People think of it as a matter of rights , rather than ask the question , ' Should people have a right not to do this ? ' "
The state training panel ultimately sided with the antiporn position , and its 2008 strategic plan trumpeted a " moratorium " on subsidizing training in the adult entertainment industry .
In the end , it announced a vague policy that categorizes the adult entertainment industry as its " lowest funding priority . "
Jackie Martin , spokeswoman for major pornographer Vivid Entertainment Group , says that 's unfair .
" How can they prioritize which businesses they provide training to , based on the content of their expression ? " she said .
" What if you kill animals for a living ?
If it 's not porn , you get the training ?
This definitely smells . "
More pressing than the animal - rights question is the problem of whether the ETP antiporn policy violates constitutional prohibitions against government interference with freedom of speech .
Peter Scheer , executive director of the California First Amendment Coalition , says the government might be straying into a legal gray area .
" I think a fair reading of Supreme Court decisions in this area would support the view that government can't deny all funding to companies while allowing it to others , because the discrimination is based on the expressive content that the companies produce , " he said .
Ashutosh Bhagwat , professor of constitutional law at UC Hastings College of the Law , was less certain .
" The true answer is :
The law in this area is a mess , " he said .
" The government has some discretion in choosing what speech it wants to fund , but not always .
There 's a potential constitutional issue there . "
Calvin Massey , also a Hastings professor of constitutional law , says that 's wrong : Constitutionally speaking , the government may refuse training for pornographers if it so pleases .
" My reaction is that there 's nothing unconstitutional about refusing to provide governmental subsidies in the pornography industry , " he said .
" They 're still permitted to engage in that expression .
They just do n't get a governmental subsidy .
The government is free to make choices about how it spends its money .
Simply because it chooses not to subsidize expression , or training for expression , does n't mean [ government officials have ] done anything that 's not within their rights . "
Indeed , in 1998 's National Endowment for the Arts v. Finley , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that Congress enjoys wide latitude when setting spending priorities that may affect certain forms of expression .
And in 1990 's Rust v. Sullivan , the Supreme Court ruled that the First Amendment was not violated by a U.S. regulation that said family planning clinics could receive federal money as long as they did n't discuss abortion .
" The court said , ' The government is free to subsidize speech it likes , and free to refuse to subsidize speech with which it disagrees , ' " Massey said .
Kink.com 's Daniel Riedel says the company will fight to keep its government subsidy .
He plans to meet with BAVC managers to help them prepare a presentation for the next ETP meeting requesting a repeal of the decision to cut off its funding for training .
I can't say with certainty whether Riedel and Kink will prevail .
But if California 's economy is to recover , it will need skilled entrepreneurial talent — a quality Kink.com clearly possesses in spades .
The company has passed itself off in articles in The New York Times Magazine , Salon , 7x7 , and other publications as a hip , if esoteric , high - tech media startup .
Yet its business plan is more medieval than modern , consisting , as it does , of giving people money if they 'll agree to being on camera while being stripped , bound , impaled , beaten , and shocked .
With marketing mojo like that , I expect Kink.com to have its government subsidy back in no time .
You Tube
From Countdown April 10 , 2009 .
David Shuster and James Moore dissect Karl Rove 's criticism of Joe Biden .
Shuster 's initial analysis is spot on .
I take issue with some of what James Moore said in response .
Moore :
But I have to suggest that there 's something about Karl that is very ... we ought to in many ways feel sad about .
There 's something pathological about Karl 's inability to integrate reality into what he views to be reality .
This is a man who has made things up , pathologically , there 's a pathology to what Karl is doing .
And he goes on and on and on .
And we 're talking about a man who basically ran a lie factory in the White House under the White House Iraq Group and has completely ignored everything that contradicts what Karl wants to be true .
This is what 's going on in his brain .
He has this little world that he sees on a video tape in his head and he believes it to be true .
I think there 's a great sadness in there and I think that we might want to pity Karl because Karl is completely disconnected from what 's going on in the real world .
I 'm sorry James but Rove does n't deserve our pity .
Yes he is sad , but he only deserves our scorn and our Justice Department finally going after him for the crimes he 's committed .
I agree with your other points in this segment but Rove deserving our pity is n't one of them .
What the man deserves is some time behind bars , not pity .
( CNN ) --
Early voting is changing campaign strategy and voter behavior like no other presidential race in history , experts say , as Sens.
John McCain and Barack Obama make final cross-country pushes this weekend .
An election worker explains a sample ballot on Friday at an early voting location in Dayton , Ohio .
Both candidates are hoping to reap the lion 's share of more than 23 million votes that have been cast nationwide .
They 're targeting states where polls remain open through the weekend -- and , in some cases , into Monday .
Calculations by CNN and other news organizations indicate that many , if not most , of the early votes in more than 30 states are being cast by registered Democrats , although it 's unknown who voted for which candidate .
" It would surprise me , but Republican voters in early voting states may simply be holding their ballots , " Paul Gronke of the Early Voting Information Center said Friday .
" But I would n't be surprised to see the Republican race start to catch up a little bit . "
See where people are voting early »
Of 23,298,564 total in - person and mail - in ballots in 25 states , at least 6,057,527 -- or 26 percent -- were cast by Democrats or Republicans , according to election officials .
Of that 6 million , 57.8 percent were Democrats , and 42.2 percent were Republicans .
iReport.com : Did you vote early ?
CNN Voter Hotline
If you have a problem voting or see a problem , call the CNN Voter Hotline at 1-877- GOCNN08 ( 1-877-462-6608 ) ; CNN will report on some of your calls , and our partner InfoVoter Technologies can help get you in touch with your election board or find your voting location .
Many early voting states do not specify party affiliation for voters .
As with early voting statistics in every state , these are not election results .
Voters who are registered with a political party do n't always vote for that party 's candidates .
McCain campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds concedes that Democrats have done a good job of motivating supporters to get to the polls in early voting states .
McCain " encourages it , but it's not the primary driver of our get out the vote effort , " Bounds said .
" And I think that 's in sharp contrast to the Democrats , who have prioritized early voting . "
See why early voting matters »
Obama campaign manager David Plouffe said Friday that the campaign has been successful motivating voters to cast ballots early , thanks to a vast national network of neighborhood captains , whom he said will be out in full force this weekend in North Carolina and Florida .
" We are confident that we have a lot of good voters left , " Plouffe said , adding that Obama plans to stump hard this weekend in western states such as Colorado , where the campaign is targeting independent voters .
Michael McDonald of George Mason University predicted that McCain will have a " very tough time in some of the western states like Nevada , Colorado and New Mexico , just because we 're seeing that Democrats are apparently casting a lot of ballots in those states . "
The GOP nominee is expected to stop this weekend in Ohio , Indiana and Florida , where the early votes between GOP voters and Democrats have been fairly even .
In the end , McCain may benefit from mail - in absentee ballots , which traditionally favor Republican candidates .
The numbers Ballots so far : 23,298,564
States reporting : 25
Votes by Democrats / GOP : 6,057,527
Of those : Democrats , 57.8 percent , GOP , 42.2 percent
Source : AP for the National Election Pool
" We feel like we 've been winning absentee ballots , " Bounds said .
" Florida elections tend to be close , and absentee voters are very important in Florida considering the number of servicemen and women that serve overseas that vote absentee . "
Early voting is handled differently in every state .
But in general , it allows voters to cast ballots in person before Election Day using either voting machines or so - called absentee ballots , without having to provide an excuse .
Although McCain could benefit from motivating early voters to get to the polls Saturday , Sunday and Monday , he must not neglect voters in the crucial non-early voting state of Pennsylvania , McDonald said .
" I 'm expecting a little bit of tightening in the race before Election Day , " said McDonald , who closely tracks early voting trends .
" Some of these close battleground states like North Carolina , Missouri and Indiana could go more firmly toward McCain . "
North Carolina topped 2 million in - person early voters Friday , said election officials , about twice the previous record since the state began no -excuse early voting in 2000 .
About half the state 's 100 counties have voted to extend voting Saturday by two hours , said state election board deputy director Johnnie McLean .
The entire $ 3 million early voting project , she said , " will enable voters who come on Election Day to vote without staying until midnight . "
To the south in Georgia , officials in Fulton County told CNN affiliate WSB - TV that they are considering extending early voting through the weekend .
Read more about possible extended early voting
Georgia also has set records in the past two weeks of early voting , and the Obama campaign boasts 4,800 captains who were recruited during the summer and early fall .
CNN 's Debra Alban and Kyle Almond contributed to this report .
All About North Carolina • Florida • Ohio • Indiana • Pennsylvania
The all - electric car , which had a brief heyday less than a decade ago and then went the way of the dodo , killed off by the car companies , is about to make a comeback .
Charged up with lighter , more sophisticated and efficient batteries , and competitively priced with gasoline - driven and hybrid vehicles , the new offers will be marketed and sold primarily as second cars - for running errands , taking kids to school and the like .
These silent electric autos will be plugged into home outlets at night and during the day will be able to travel 100 miles or more without stopping for a charge .
Nissan said recently it has developed a mas - market electric car , due out by the end of next year , that will seat five and can have its battery charged to 80 percent of capacity in 26 minutes .
It will have all the amenities car buyers want , Nissan says , such as navigation , super stereo and heated seats , and will cost between $ 20,000 and $ 30,000 .
The company is not alone in pushing the resurgence of all - electric cars .
On the drawing boards are cars and trucks scheduled to be introduced over the next year or so by Ford , Mitsubishi , Chrysler and Subaru , among others , according to the Electric Drive Transportation Association , a trade group .
" The electric car is clearly on its way back , " said Ron Cogan , editor and publisher of the magazine Green Car Journal , which covers the alternative energy auto industry .
" Every automaker and battery company has been making incremental breakthroughs " in technology .
Who killed the EV1 ?
For a few years , into the beginning of this decade , several major automakers produced electric models to satisfy a California law mandating that a small percentage of new cars sold in the state be pollution - free .
Perhaps the best - known was General Motors ' EV1 , which was sleek and fast and attracted a cultlike base of fans .
The GM cars , along with other electrics made by Honda , Ford , Nissan , Chrysler and Toyota , were for the most part available only on leases of about $ 500 a month .
These vehicles were powered by heavy , inefficient batteries that cost as much as $ 30,000 apiece .
When the law requiring automakers to sell these cars was changed , the manufacturers essentially closed up their electric - car shops , recalled the cars , crushed many of them , and offered a smattering of gasoline - electric hybrids instead .
Electric car aficionados were outraged - they were given voice in the popular 2006 documentary " Who Killed the Electric Car ? " - but that was the end of it .
Until now .
Field testing cars
The car companies , allied with battery manufacturers , say they have figured out how to mass produce an electric car that will fit into most people 's lives in the same way as ordinary cars - you can buy them , charge them at home , use them for commuting and they will be modestly priced .
But one thing the automakers have learned is that it helps to have widespread field testing of unfamiliar cars by fleet operators before trying to sell them to the public .
To that end , they have joined up with public agencies around the nation to provide electric vehicles for government fleets .
Selling to the government allows automakers to monitor the performance of their new cars closely .
It also gives them a built - in market .
In the Bay Area , for example , Nissan will provide 1,000 all - electric cars to Sonoma County within the next year .
Sonoma signs on
Cordell Stillman , Sonoma County 's point man for the project and a devotee of electric cars - he 's converting his 1958 Volkswagen to all - electric - says the partnership with Nissan started with a letter in August from the car company , asking if the county wanted to come to a talk about electric cars .
Stillman did n't have to be asked twice .
He said staffers will use the Nissan electric cars to travel around the county , attend meetings , conduct field inspections and carry out other day - to - day business .
The cars ' batteries will be charged up at stations installed in fleet parking lots at night , " when the rates are cheaper , " Stillman said .
" Nissan will get a lot of data on use patterns ( of the cars ) , " Stillman said .
" It 's a little research laboratory for them . "
For its part , Nissan has already done enough research to say it's at the point where it can sell electric cars to the public by the end of 2010 .
" We believe the market exists for these cars , " said Mark Perry , Nissan North America 's director of product planning , " and we 'll be making about 100,000 cars . "
Better batteries
Perry said the secret to making the cars efficient and affordable lies in the batteries , developed jointly by Nissan and battery maker NEC .
" Batteries now are getting twice the power for half the weight and half the size , " Perry said .
The new batteries will be made of laminated lithium ion , an improvement , Perry said , over the nickel metal hydride and lead acid batteries of old .
Batteries still need to be charged , however .
That is the ultimate tether , compared with the relative freedom of a gasoline - driven car .
That problem could be eased by a 2 - year - old state law providing as much as $ 120 million a year over seven years to set up charging stations around California .
The idea is that if these stations were at , say , every rest stop on Interstate 5 , drivers could pull in , take a half hour break while the car is being recharged , then continue along for another hundred miles .
Ultimately , however , all - electric cars will probably be used mostly for short jaunts within a few miles of home , which is what most people do with their cars anyway .
In fact , according to Ken Kurani , a research engineer for the Institute of Transportation Studies at UC Davis , studies conducted over a 10 - year period showed that some users of electric cars " figured out the car could actually be used for most of their trips , and it became unclear what the term ' second car ' meant . "
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , in an unusual public criticism of Israel , said Wednesday that its plan to destroy dozens of Palestinian homes in Arab East Jerusalem was “ unhelpful ” and contrary to Israel ’s obligations under a U.S. - backed peace plan .
Clinton , closing her first foray into Middle East peacemaking , said the implications of the decision to raze the homes for an archaeological project “ go far beyond ” the 88 homes affected by Israel ’s plans .
She said she would raise that issue , as well as concern over the growth of Israeli settlements in the West Bank , with Israeli officials .
Clinton ’s comments were delivered with some emotion during an appearance with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , and came at a time when both sides in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict are scrutinizing her words to try to divine where her loyalties lie and what to expect from the Obama administration .
Meanwhile , at a Tehran conference in support of the Palestinian cause , Iran ’s leadership unleashed a torrent of rhetoric against Israeli and U.S. attempts to resolve the conflict .
Advertisement
Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran ’s most powerful political and religious figure , derided the Obama administration ’s Middle East policies as the same as those of its predecessors , despite promises of change , and he described armed “ resistance ” as the only path toward a Palestinian state .
Despite the criticism of Israel , Clinton moved cautiously during a two - day visit to Jerusalem and the West Bank that marked the beginning of her effort to push for a “ comprehensive ” peace effort between Israel and its neighbors .
Clinton also stressed in an appearance with Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni on Tuesday that U.S. officials understood Israel ’s security concerns , and she called on the militant group Hamas to halt its rocket fire from the Gaza Strip into Israel .
Clinton said she intended to air concerns with the Israelis only in a “ constructive ” way .
Advertisement
“ We are raising these issues in a way we hope is helpful , ” she said .
Israeli authorities have been embroiled in controversy for years over plans for an East Jerusalem archaeological site devoted to Jewish history and sites associated with the biblical King David .
The homeowners in the Silwan quarter have now received eviction notices saying the buildings were built illegally and are to be torn down .
The battle is part of a larger struggle for control of Jerusalem .
Israel declares the city as its capital , and Palestinians envision East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state .
The planned destruction of Palestinian homes was not Clinton ’s only criticism of Israel during the trip .
She also said that she had expressed concern in “ numerous settings ” to Israelis about restrictions on the passage of goods into Gaza .
Advertisement
Clinton held meetings with top Israeli and Palestinian officials beginning Tuesday morning .
Her main intent , aides said , was to listen and start building key relationships .
On Tuesday , she met with Israeli Prime Minister - designate Benjamin Netanyahu of the right - wing Likud party .
Both vowed to cooperate closely , according to one participant , despite their apparent differences on the goal of building a state for Palestinians .
“ Both sides are quite optimistic about the extent of cooperation they can reach , ” said Zalman Shoval , Likud ’s foreign affairs chief , who attended the Clinton - Netanyahu meeting .
In Tehran , Khamenei spoke strongly against U.S. and Israeli efforts .
Advertisement
“ The deliverance of Palestine cannot be obtained through begging from the United Nations or the dominating powers , and more so from the usurper regime , ” he said in a speech at the conference on the Palestinian cause , according to the official Islamic Republic News Agency .
“ The sole path of its deliverance is through resistance and fortitude . ”
The U.S. and Iran back opposing Palestinian factions .
Washington supports Abbas’ Fatah movement in the West Bank , and Tehran backs Hamas , which rules the Gaza Strip and refuses to recognize Israel .
Events such as Wednesday ’s conference take place frequently in Iran and typically are venues for heated anti-Israeli rhetoric .
But Iranian leaders stopped well short of threatening Israel or calling for its military destruction .
Khamenei reiterated calls for an election that would allow all those with a stake in Israel and the Palestinian territories , including Jews and Palestinians living abroad , to vote for a government .
Advertisement
Abbas said the Iranian complaints further divided Palestinians and said he rejected them “ utterly and completely . ”
Clinton said Iran ’s leaders were supporting terrorism , threatening other countries and seeking to spread intimidation “ as far as they think their voice can reach . ”
U.S. officials still plan an attempt to talk with Tehran .
Also Wednesday , an Israeli airstrike killed a field commander of the Islamic Jihad group in Gaza who had directed rocket attacks on Israel , officials on both sides said .
--
Advertisement
paul.richter@latimes.com
Times staff writers Richard Boudreaux in Jerusalem and Borzou Daragahi in Vienna and special correspondents Ramin Mostaghim in Tehran and Maher Abukhater in Ramallah contributed to this report .
“ There ’s no question that we ’re getting short - term savings that will result in greater long - term human and financial costs , ” said Linda J. Blessing , interim chief of the Arizona Department of Economic Security , expressing the concerns of officials and community agencies around the country .
“ There are no good options , just less bad options . ”
Arizona has one of the nation ’s highest deficits in relation to its budget .
As revenues sank late last year , forcing across - the - board cuts this spring , the child protection agency stopped investigating every report of potential abuse or neglect , and sharply reduced counseling of families deemed at risk of violence .
Some toddlers with disabilities like autism and Down syndrome are not getting therapies that can bring lifelong benefits .
And here , as in other states , the drive to help disabled people live at home has been set back .
Mary Beth Thompson , 57 , who lives in an apartment with two small dogs here , is on the growing waiting list for help .
Seriously overweight , with chronic pain and weakness on her left side , she has trouble moving about and cannot step into the bathtub without falling , she said , displaying the cast on her broken wrist .
“ I ca n’t even walk to do the laundry anymore , ” she said from the chair where she spends most of her days playing with her dogs , one of which she has trained to knock the handset off the telephone so she can reach it when she falls .
Winona Conn , 75 , who uses a wheelchair because of a paralyzed leg , has been on the waiting list for home aid for a year .
“ It feels like you ’ve been shelved , ” she said .
$ 62,000 to download a movie ?
That 's what happened to a caller named Alberto , who told his data roaming tale of woe on the air to HLN " money expert " Clark Howard on CNN .
Alberto made the grave mistake of downloading Wall - E for his nephew while vacationing in Mexico over his data card and was slapped with a $ 62,000 bill from his wireless carrier when he returned home .
Alberto tried to contest the charge and the carrier reduced the bill to $ 17,000 , arguing that the five - figure charge was what it cost them to deliver the movie .
Needless to say , both Alberto and Howard were completely incredulous that a simple movie download would generate such an impressive data bill .
Indeed , $ 62,000 — or $ 17,000 — is pretty daunting for a 98 minute animated movie about a robot .
However , it 's pretty clear that Alberto made a rookie mistake after he purchased the data card for his laptop that could have been easily avoided .
Instead , he inadvertently joined the legions of other mobile users who failed to pay attention to the fine print before traveling .
Stories of users receiving unexpectedly huge bills after using their phones and data cards are easy to find on the Web .
In fact , there 's even a class - action lawsuit brewing over an iPhone owner 's receiving a $ 2,000 bill after roaming in Mexico ( hey , $ 2,000 is nothing compared to $ 17,000 ) .
Whether or not it 's fair for carriers to charge these outrageous fees is up for debate — the carriers insist that the roaming charges overseas are extravagant and that they are just passing along the fees to their customers .
However , all major carriers offer international roaming plans that users can set up on their accounts before they get on a plane that can apply to both voice and data use .
T - Mobile , Verizon , AT&T , and Sprint all have webpages that describe the rates , and some even offer packaged plans for regular jet setters .
Making sure your account is set up for international roaming can help save you from headaches and massive bills with minimal planning ahead of time .
Then again , those who get slapped with $ 62,000 in international data charges — and find themselves shocked — may not be the type to " plan ahead of time . "
PESHAWAR , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - A pilotless U.S. drone aircraft fired a missile in northwest Pakistan on Saturday , killing 13 people including some foreign militants , security officials and residents said .
Hours later , Pakistani Taliban militant leader Baitullah Mehsud claimed responsibility for a shooting at a U.S. immigration center in New York in which a gunman killed 13 people , saying it was revenge for U.S. drone attacks in Pakistan .
U.S. officials were not immediately available for comment about Mehsud ’s claim , but Pakistani security analysts dismissed it as a publicity stunt .
The New York Times quoted representative Maurice Hinchey , whose district includes the town of Binghamton in New York state where the shooting took place , as saying indications were the gunman was an immigrant from Vietnam .
With the Afghan insurgency intensifying , the United States began launching more drone strikes against al Qaeda and Taliban militants on the Pakistani side of the border last year .
Since then , about 35 U.S. strikes have killed about 350 people , including mid-level al Qaeda members , according to reports from Pakistani officials , residents and militants .
The attack Saturday was in the North Waziristan region , a stronghold of al Qaeda and Taliban militants on the Afghan border , about 35 km ( 20 miles ) west of the region ’s main town of Miranshah at about 3 a.m. ( 5 p.m. EST on Friday ) .
“ The missile hit a house where some guests were staying , ” one intelligence agency official said , referring to foreign militants .
“ We have information that 13 people were killed including some guests . ”
Later , a suicide bomber was killed as he approached a military convoy .
His explosives went off , killing three passersby , witnesses and a hospital official said .
Many al Qaeda and Taliban militants fled to northwestern Pakistani border regions such as North Waziristan after U.S. - led forces ousted the Taliban in Afghanistan in late 2001 .
From the remote ethnic Pashtun tribal lands that have never been governed by any Pakistani government , the militants have orchestrated the Afghan war and plotted violence beyond .
“ MY MEN ”
Nuclear - armed , U.S. ally Pakistan objects to the missile strikes , saying they are a violation of its sovereignty and are counter - productive .
Officials say about one in six of the strikes over the past year caused civilian deaths without killing any militants , and that fuels anti-U.S. sentiment , complicating the military ’s struggle to subdue violence .
The concentration of strikes in Waziristan was also pushing some militants eastwards , deeper into Pakistan , they say .
Taliban leader Mehsud said Tuesday his group had carried out an assault on a police training center in the Pakistani city of Lahore in retaliation for U.S. drone attacks .
He vowed more attacks in Pakistan , Afghanistan and the United States .
Security analysts say Mehsud does not have the capacity to conduct attacks in the United Sates by himself but he is part of an al Qaeda - led network that does have global reach .
Mehsud told Reuters by telephone that two men , one a Pakistani and the other a “ foreigner , ” had carried out the shooting in the United States Friday .
“ I accept responsibility .
They were my men .
I gave them orders in reaction to U.S. drone attacks , ” he said , adding one of the attackers had escaped and telephoned him .
Pakistani analysts were skeptical .
“ It seems it ’s a move to boost his image .
To me , it ’s just bluster and bluff , ” said Talat Masood , a retired general turned analyst .
“ It shows he ’s under tremendous pressure . ”
Competition has intensified between Taliban factions in the northwest and the drone strikes are taking a toll , analysts say .
Last month , the United States announced a $ 5 million reward for information leaded to Mehsud ’s location or arrest .
“ He does n’t have the capacity ( to attack in the United States ) , ” said defense analyst Hasan Askari Rizvi .
Alex Rodriguez 's recent confession that he used steroids while with the Texas Rangers is being mentioned as one of baseball 's biggest scandals ever .
( Rodriguez is the same fellow who 's been discussed as possibly the greatest player ever , and he plays for the retooled Yankees , a team that 's got an outside shot at being one of the best ever , which really just underscores how much baseball writers love to use the word " ever . "  )
Sure , the revelations about Rodriguez , one of the standard - bearers for " clean "  players during the steroids era , sully the game of baseball , but it 's probably not the game 's biggest scandal ever .
After all , A - Rod 's not going to join the long list of players who have received lifetime bans from MLB .
You probably know why Pete Rose , the " Black Sox "  who threw the 1919 World Series , and countless other gamblers and fixers got the boot , but they 're hardly lonely in their baseball exile .
Here are a few more bans that do n't get quite as much attention .
1. Jack O'Connor
Ty Cobb was a jerk .
Truly great at baseball , but really a loathsome individual .
O'Connor , the former player - manager of the St. Louis Browns , hated Cobb so much that he could n't let the Georgia Peach win the 1910 American League batting title on his watch .
When Cobb entered the final day of the season locked in a tight duel with Nap Lajoie for the crown , O'Connor decided to intervene on Lajoie 's behalf to spite Cobb .
O'Connor 's Browns team was squaring off against Lajoie 's Cleveland squad in the season 's final game when O'Connor gave his third baseman , Red Corriden , an odd order : to go stand in shallow left field whenever Lajoie came up to bat .
With no one covering third base , Lajoie could easily bunt down the line for singles , which he did eight times over the course of the day .
This late surge gave Lajoie the batting title by virtue of a slight .384-.383 edge over Cobb .
Supposedly even Cobb 's teammates sent Lajoie telegrams congratulating him for his triumph , but baseball officials were n't so amused .
They banned O'Connor for life for rigging the batting crown race .
2. Horace Fogel
Some fans think it 's silly to see players and coaches get slapped with fines for criticizing officiating after heated games , but the punishments could be considerably more draconian .
Just ask Horace Fogel .
Fogel served as the Philadelphia Phillies ' owner and president from 1909 to 1912 , but he ran afoul of the National League when he publicly claimed that the umpires preferred to see the New York Giants win and made biased calls against the Phils to ensure Giants victories .
The league tired of Fogel 's bombastic claims that the pennant race was fixed , so it banned him for life in 1912 .
3. Benny Kauff
Kauff , an outfielder , was a rare talent .
In 1914 and 1915 , he won the Federal League 's batting titles and stolen base crowns , and in 1914 he also led the league in runs and doubles .
His combination of batting eye , speed , and power earned him the nickname , " The Ty Cobb of the Feds , "  but he quickly got in more trouble than the actual Ty Cobb ever did .
For much of big league baseball 's history , most players did n't scratch out enough money to live on playing the game , so they held offseason jobs .
In Kauff 's case , he owned a used car dealership with his half - brother , which is where he got into hot water .
In 1919 the police found a stolen car they 'd been searching for , and the driver told the cops he'd picked up his new wheels at Kauff 's dealership .
Kauff was arrested on a charge of receiving stolen property , and Commissioner Kennesaw Mountain Landis did n't even wait to see what happened in the trial .
He gave Kauff the permanent heave - ho from baseball just for being indicted .
As it turned out , Kauff might not have even known about the stolen cars , and he was acquitted on the charges following his trial .
In 1922 Kauff applied to Landis for reinstatement on the grounds that he was n't actually guilty of anything .
Landis , a former federal judge , balked at the idea of letting a jury trial establish guilt and flatly refused , commenting that , " That acquittal was one of the worst miscarriages of justice that ever came under my observation . "
4. Ray Fisher
Fisher , a starting pitcher , racked up a 100 - 94 record with a 2.82 ERA over his career with the Yankees and Reds .
As the 1921 season was starting , the Reds offered Fisher a new contract , but it would require that he take a pay cut of $ 1000 .
Instead of stomaching the lowered salary , Fisher left the Reds to take a job that seemed to offer more security , coaching the University of Michigan 's baseball team .
Fisher hoped the Reds would release him , but instead Landis stuck him on the ineligible - to - play list .
Later on that summer , Fisher started mulling the idea of playing again .
Branch Rickey of the Cardinals and an " outlaw "  team from Franklin , Pennsylvania , tried to secure his services .
Fisher wanted to play right by the Reds , though , so he wrote the team a letter asking what exactly his contract situation was and offering them first crack at him .
To Commissioner Landis this query smacked of Fisher trying to weasel out of his contract with the Reds , which earned the pitcher a lifetime ban .
[ Photo : Ray Fisher & Branch Rickey . ]
Things ended up okay for Fisher , though .
He was by all indications a good guy , and he spent 38 very successful seasons as Michigan 's baseball coach .
In 1980 then - Commissioner Bowie Kuhn reinvestigated Fisher 's ban by Landis and overturned the ruling , which mean the 82 - year - old hurler was once again a retired MLBer in good standing .
5. Phil Douglas
Douglas had a pretty good career as a pitcher , and he even won two games in the 1921 World Series for the New York Giants .
However , he did n't get along with hot - tempered Giants manager John McGraw .
Douglas looked to be on his way to an ERA title in 1922 when he and McGraw got into an argument that ended with a suspension and a hundred - dollar fine for Douglas .
Like any reasonable person would do , Douglas went out and got sloshed to take the edge off of his anger .
He then sat down to write some letters .
Douglas did n't see how he could help someone he disliked as much as McGraw win a pennant , so he decided he 's just skip out on the team .
He drunkenly wrote this letter to his buddy Les Mann of the St. Louis Cardinals : " I want to leave here but I want some inducement .
I do n't want this guy to win the pennant and I feel if I stay here I will win it for him .
If you want to send a man over here with the goods , I will leave for home on next train .
I will go down to fishing camp and stay there . " 
The letter eventually ended up on Commissioner Landis ' desk , and the old hanging judge came out with his customary punishment : a lifetime ban for Douglas .
6 & 7 . Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays
These two all - time greats were long retired when they received their lifetime bans , but that did n't mean that Major League Baseball did n't see fit to paternally meddle in their lives .
Following their careers , Mantle and Mays spent some of their time working as goodwill ambassadors for casinos in Atlantic City .
They were n't working for MLB at the time , and it's not like they were pit bosses , either .
The two would show up to greet casino patrons , sign autographs , play in golf tournaments , and do other little appearances to raise their casinos ' profiles .
In Mays ' case , his services contract with the casino actually forbid him from doing any gambling himself , so the whole thing seemed harmless enough .
Commissioner Bowie Kuhn was n't having any of it , though .
He felt that baseball legends should n't be hanging around casinos , so he banned both men from working for baseball teams in any capacity .
Cooler heads eventually prevailed , and Kuhn 's successor , Peter Uberroth , overturned the bans .
8. George Steinbrenner
It 's easy to revile George Steinbrenner for his rampant spending on free agents , but really , would n't every fan love for their team 's owner to open his wallet so freely ?
It 's much easier and more sensible to deride Steinbrenner for what he did to Dave Winfield .
After signing Winfield to a massive free - agent deal in 1980 , Steinbrenner quit getting along with the future Hall of Fame outfielder .
When Steinbrenner refused to make a contractually guaranteed $ 300,000 donation to Winfield 's charitable foundation , Winfield sued the owner .
Instead of simply making the donation , Steinbrenner paid Howard Spira , a self - described gambler , $ 40,000 to " dig up dirt "  on Winfield .
( All over $ 300,000 .
To put all this in perspective , by the end of his career , Steinbrenner thought that figure was a fair price for three innings of work from Kyle Farnsworth . )
Since consorting with gamblers is MLB's one unforgivable sin , and since running a smear campaign against a player is n't exactly classy , Commissioner Fay Vincent slapped Steinbrenner with a ban in 1990 .
Vincent gradually lightened his stance , though , and in the summer of 1992 he agreed to let Steinbrenner have a full reinstatement at the beginning of the 1993 season .
In January , The Wall Street Journal carried a short excerpt from science writer
Sharon Begley ’s excellent , but unfortunately titled book , Train Your Mind , Change Your Brain .
The article , How Thinking Can Change the Brain , is excellent , as is the book , which I ’d highly recommend , but both engage in a couple of pervasive rhetorics for talking about brain function that I believe make it harder to really theorize about issues like neuroplasticity .
That is , although I like Begley ’s work , some of the ways that she writes about the brain puts her readers , if they ’re not already neuroscience savvy , two steps backwards before moving toward greater understanding .
It ’s sad because I think her book is one of the best works for a general readership on recent research , and the brain imaging projects with Tibetan monks which forms the central narrative of the book are fascinating on so many levels .
Begley has a brilliant eye for turning research into story - telling and with the meditation research , she ’s picked an ideal subject on which to exercise her skills .
If only she would stop carrying on about ‘ Mind ’ and ‘ Brain ’ like they were the two primary characters …
The problem is much like the ritual of Cartesian Castigation , which I find some of scholarly colleagues like to engage in as preparation for delivering a paper on ‘ The Body . ’
That is , they carry on for a while about how Descartes and Cartesianism divide ‘ the Mind ’ from ‘ the Body , ’ and how essential it is to re-integrate them , as if the two are wandering around in a train station looking for each other .
The ritual specialist engaged in the Cartesian Castigation then , with an enormous sense of satisfaction , puts forward some compound term — ‘ mindful body ’ or ’ embodied mind ’ — and then proceeds to stagger along , still labouring under the weight of the conceptual division between ‘ Mind ’ and ‘ Body , ’ repeatedly declaring the problem solved while still tripping over every mention of ‘ Mind ’ and ‘ Body . ’
‘ Mind ’ and ‘ Brain ’ are much the same , treating the actions and experience of the brain as if it were a different thing : Mind .
Of course , sometimes it ’s helpful to talk about the mind , but not if we then suddenly become freaked out by the existence of the Mind and the Brain , as if there are two entities .
Begley recounts the Dalai Lama ’s patient questioning of Western physicians , some of which had a very traditional view that the brain was unchanging beyond a certain age , with thoughts having little or no effect on neural architecture , a view that we now know is out - of - step with some of the more interesting research on activity - dependent plasticity , even in adult brains .
According to Begley , the Dalai Lama had learned from neuroscientists that ‘ mental experiences reflect chemical and electrical changes in the brain . ’
But when he asked about the consequences of thoughts on the brain :
One brain surgeon hardly paused .
Physical states give rise to mental states , he asserted ; “ downward ” causation from the mental to the physical is not possible .
The Dalai Lama let the matter drop .
This was n’t the first time a man of science had dismissed the possibility that the mind can change the brain .
But “ I thought then and still think that there is yet no scientific basis for such a categorical claim , ” he later explained .
“ I am interested in the extent to which the mind itself , and specific subtle thoughts , may have an influence upon the brain . ”
Begley describes how the ‘ neuroplasticity revolution ’ overturned the brain surgeon ’s argument , demonstrating that perceptual training could affect dyslexia sufferers and physical training could help the motor cortex of a stroke victim learn new functions .
Although Begley is interested to some degree in the way that perception or motor training might affect the brain , she ’s more interested in the idea that thought itself could affect neural architecture .
The kind of change the Dalai Lama asked about was different .
It would come from inside .
Something as intangible and insubstantial as a thought would rewire the brain .
To the mandarins of neuroscience , the very idea seemed as likely as the wings of a butterfly leaving a dent on an armored tank .
In The Wall Street Journal article , Begley summarizes research on cognitive - behavioural therapy , in which depressed patients were taught to interpret their own thoughts differently , and brain imaging studies of Tibetan monks engaged in compassion meditation ( we ’ve discussed these studies before at Meditating makes the brain more compassionate ) .
The research Begley discusses is fascinating , but she also touches on research done on chimpanzees , in which the animals were asked to pay attention to either a touch or a sound stimulus in order to receive a reward , with the other stimulus as a distractor .
Depending on which stimulus was crucial , the part of the brain responsible grew more extensive and the brain area responsible for the other , even though subjected to the stimulus , did not expand without attention focused on the relevant sense .
My issue with Begley ’s focus is that , by emphasizing the difference between ‘ internal ’ or ‘ pure ’ thought and things like perception and motor control , suggesting that it ’s more interesting when ‘ just thinking ’ changes the brain , Begley creates a troublesome divide , one that mirrors the body - mind dichotomy that has so bedeviled our understanding of human experience .
I believe that if we allow this distinction to gain too much weight , it leads us back down the road of the mind - brain division .
Treating thought as ‘ intangible ’ — whereas perception and activity are presumably ‘ tangible ’ — divides our mental activities in ways that may not reflect how the brain actually functions .
For example , from brain imaging and psychological studies , we know that some of the same brain areas used in spatial navigation are also used in imagined movement , and that imagined movement can take as long as body motions on the same scale .
And the discovery of mirror neurons suggests that perception and understanding of another ’s actions uses closely related mental processes , even overlapping neurons , as the neural activities that result in the actor ’s own movements .
In other words , the gulf between ‘ just thinking ’ and other sorts of action are not as great as Begley ’s argument suggests .
I think she would probably concede this if asked ; attention , for example , which is one of her examples , is a combination of mental , perceptual and even behavioural components .
The idea that the ‘ mind ’ shapes the ‘ brain ’ may help sell the idea to the general public , but it reinscribes the same sort of artificial division that we struggle against with Cartesian dualism .
Like ‘ the - brain - is - a - computer ’ metaphor , the baggage that the mind - brain dichotomy brings along may wish we never invited it on the trip .
And while we might congratulate ourselves for figuring out clever ways that two artificially separated dimensions of the human being — the mind and the brain — are actually related , but that ’s only solving a problem we created at the onset .
I do n’t know how much progress we ’ll have made in the end …
“ Nationalization ” has been the word of the last month , with support not only from the usual suspects , but from Lindsey Graham , Alan Greenspan , and ( to some degree , although they wo n’t say the word ) Richard Shelby and John McCain .
However , different people ascribe different meanings to this word ; in particular , opponents like to define nationalization as the government taking over every bank permanently and turning banking into a government service .
As I see it , there are at least five different meanings of nationalization .
1 . Owning more than 50 % of the bank , by which people typically mean owning more than 50 % of the common equity
This is a red herring , despite Treasury ’s complicated efforts to keep its ownership stake in Citigroup below 50 % .
One entity can have effective control over another with less than 50 % of its equity – through stock with special voting rights , or simply by being the largest shareholder .
Conversely , one entity can own over 50 % of another ’s equity , yet not have any control , perhaps because it holds non-voting stock , or perhaps because it simply chooses not to exercise control .
2. Consolidating the bank onto the government balance sheet
Above 80 % ownership , things do get serious : at that point , the bank becomes part of the government balance sheet ( unless there is some special treatment for the U.S. government that I ’m not aware of ) .
This means , among other things , that the bank ’s debt becomes U.S. government debt , which increases the potential liability of the taxpayer .
This is why , for example , all of Iceland ’s banks defaulted on their debt just before being taken over by the state ; otherwise Iceland ’s citizens would have become responsible for their debts .
This is also why it is unlikely to happen here .
3 . Turning the bank into a government agency
In this scenario , banking becomes a government service , like getting a driver ’s license or going to the unemployment office .
Banking decisions – how much to pay depositors , who gets credit , on what terms , etc. – become the province of government bureaucrats .
This would most likely be a bad idea , because these decisions – which , collectively , shape the flow of capital through the economy – are best entrusted to the free market .
This is why no one is seriously considering this option here .
However , when people argue against nationalization , this is often the straw man they are aiming at .
4. FDIC - style conservatorship
This is what the FDIC does when a bank it insures fails .
FDIC bank supervisors determine that the bank ’s assets are worth less than its liabilities .
The bank itself is shut down and its assets are transferred to a new entity controlled by the FDIC .
The FDIC attempts to maximize the value of these assets , typically by selling them to another bank or banks .
From the customers ’ standpoint , little changes during this period : the branches , ATM machines , web site , and so on remain in operation during the transition , except that customer may not be able to withdraw amounts above the insurance limits .
If the proceeds do not cover the bank ’s liabilities , the creditors lose out , but the FDIC makes sure that all the insured deposits are paid back .
Note that going into conservatorship does not mean that the bank is consolidated onto the government balance sheet ; the liabilities are not automatically guaranteed .
# 4 is what most proponents of nationalization mean .
Those are four different versions of what it might mean to nationalize a bank .
In addition , there is another type of nationalization that must be discussed and that , in fact , has largely occurred :
5. System - level nationalization
Banking in the United States , as in all advanced economies , has always been a public - private partnership rather than an unregulated free market .
Banks play a critical role in the economy and therefore enjoy certain protections – such as FDIC insurance – and certain constraints – such as regulation .
If the government had failed to act as the financial crisis unfolded , things would probably have gotten much worse , very quickly : not only Lehman Brothers but also Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , AIG , Morgan Stanley , Citigroup , and probably Bank of America would have collapsed , causing trillions of dollars of losses for creditors and counterparties and bringing down other banks in sequence .
Instead , the government , primarily through the Federal Reserve , stepped into the breach .
The government is the only source of capital for the banking system ; it guarantees a large proportion of bank liabilities , including virtually all deposits and new bank debt ; it implicitly guarantees all large banks under the Too Big To Fail doctrine ; it ensures the liquidity that keeps the system afloat , both by providing cheap money and by lending against illiquid assets ; and it has stepped up buying of various securities on secondary markets in order to encourage lending .
In short , the government is where the money comes from , and the government decides on a high level where it goes , through capital injections , loans , and securities purchases .
And the government bears the vast majority of the risk .
The net result is we have a semi-nationalized banking system largely made up of some very sick but private banks .
As Thomas Hoenig put it :
We understandably would prefer not to “ nationalize ” these businesses , but in reacting as we are , we nevertheless are drifting into a situation where institutions are being nationalized piecemeal with no resolution of the crisis .
I am all in favor of debating to resolve the crisis .
And I think that nationalization should be on the table , rather than being written off as some fundamental denial of the laws of physics .
BumpMapping with GLSL
When I got started learning bump mapping and parallax mapping , I found a lot of tutorial involving a simple rectangle but nothing close to real life usage :
This is my attemps to fill the gap .
Concept
BumpMapping allows designers to express their creativity through a 100,000 + polygons creature .
Once art is done , a low poly model ( 5000 polygons ) is automatically generated along with a normal map .
At runtime , details are added back by combining the low model with the normal map .
Illumination model .
Details are added back to the low poly via surface reaction to the light .
The illumination equation is Blinn - Phong where :
pixelColor= Ambient + ( Diffuse + Specular ) * Shadow ( but let 's forget about shadow ) .
Ambient = ambientMaterial * ambientLight
Diffuse = diffuseMaterial * diffuseLight * lamberFactor
lamberFactor = max ( dot ( lightVec , normal ) , 0.0 )
Specular = specularMaterial * specularLight * speculatCoef
speculatCoef = pow ( max ( dot ( halfVec , normal ) , 0.0 ) , shininess )
Details :
Ambient is pretty much a constant .
Diffuse depends on the angle between the light vector and the surface normal vector .
Specular depends on the angle between the eye vector and the surface normal vector .
Note :
As we deal with normal vectors , a cosinus can be obtained with a simple dot product .
Usually , every calculations are done in eye space , but in bump mapping the normal vector from the normal map are expressed in Tangent space .
We hence need to transform all of the vectors requiered .
In order to do this , we use a matrix : Eye space -> Tangent space .
Tangent space maths .
The matrix for each vertex is as follow :
[ Normal.x Normal.y Normal.z ] [ BiNormal.x BiNormal.y BiNormal.z ] [ Tangent.x Tangent.y Tangent.z ]
Normal is easy to calculate .
A simple cross-product per face .
The normal for a vertex is equal to the sum of normals ( all faces related to this vertex ) , normalized at the end .
for each faces in model { generate the face 's normal via cross product fore each vertex in the face , add the normal vector } for each vertices in model normalize normal vector
For the tangent and binormal , you can find the solution in any good math book ( I highly recommend Mathematics for 3D Game Programming ) .
Here is a code sample :
generateNormalAndTangent( float3 v1 , float3 v2 , text2 st1 , text2 st2 ) { float3 normal = v1.crossProduct ( v2 ) ; float coef =
1 / ( st1.u * st2.v - st2.u * st1.v ) ; float3 tangent ; tangent.x = coef * (( v1.x * st2.v ) + ( v2.x * - st1.v ) ) ; tangent.y = coef * (( v1.y * st2.v ) + ( v2.y * - st1.v ) ) ; tangent .z = coef * (( v1.z * st2.v ) + ( v2.z * - st1.v ) ) ; float3 binormal = normal.crossProduct( tangent ) ; }
Just like normals : tangents and binormals are accumulated for each faces connected to this vertex and then averaged via normalization .
In your implementation , try to visualize the vectors you generate , they need to be consistant because they will be interpolated by the GPU .
CPU side
On the openGL side , a few things have to be done :
Bind the vertex array
Bind the normal array
Bind the texture coordinate array
Bind the elements index array
Bind the tangent array to the shader
Bind the color texture
Bind the normalmap texture ( bump mapping )
Bind the heightmap texture ( parallax mapping )
//
The vertex VBO is updated every frame for animation purpose glBindBufferARB ( GL_ARRAY_BUFFER_ARB , vboVertexId ) ; glVertexPointer ( 3 , GL_FLOAT , 0 , 0 ) ; // Same as vertex VBO : updated every frames glBindBufferARB( GL_ARRAY_BUFFER_ARB,vboNormalId ) ; glNormalPointer ( GL_FLOAT,0 , 0 ) ; // VBO , created and populated once , texture coordinate never change glBindBufferARB ( GL_ARRAY_BUFFER_ARB , vboTexturId ) ; glTexCoordPointer ( 2, GL_FLOAT,0,0 ) ; //
Tangent generated previously , no need to pass the binormal , a cross product will generate it glVertexAttribPointerARB(tangentLoc , 3 , GL_FLOAT , GL_FALSE , 0 , tangentArraySkinPointer ) ; // VBO , created and populated once , elements to draw never change glBindBufferARB( GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER_ARB,vboElementsId ) ; glDrawElements ( GL_TRIANGLES , meshes[i].facesCount * 3 , GL_UNSIGNED_INT , 0 ) ; glActiveTextureARB( GL_TEXTURE0 ) ; glBindTexture ( diffuseTextureId ) ; glUniform1iARB( diffuseTextureUniform,0 ) ; glActiveTextureARB( GL_TEXTURE1 ) ; glBindTexture( normalTextureId ) ; glUniform1iARB(normalTextureUniform,0 ) ; glActiveTextureARB( GL_TEXTURE2 ) ; glBindTexture ( heightTextureId ) ; glUniform1iARB( heightTextureUniform,0 ) ;
GPU side
The role of the vertex shader is to build the matrix and rotate vectors used in Blinn - Phong model , hence :
Generate the bi-tangent with a cross- product from normal and tangent .
Assemble the three vectors to form a rotation matrix , from camera space to tangent space .
Rotate light and camera vectors .
Retrieve the normal coordinate from the normal map texture .
Convert value from [ - 1,1 ] to [ 0,1 ] .
Calculate angles , generate ambiant , diffuse and specular .
Add ambiant , diffuse and specular component .
Vertex shader
attribute vec3 tangent ; varying vec3 lightVec ; varying vec3 halfVec ; varying vec3 eyeVec ; void main ( ) { gl_TexCoord [ 0 ] = gl_MultiTexCoord0 ; // Building the matrix Eye Space -> Tangent Space vec3 n = normalize ( gl_NormalMatrix * gl_Normal ) ; vec3 t = normalize ( gl_NormalMatrix * tangent ) ; vec3 b = cross ( n , t ) ; vec3 vertexPosition = vec3(gl_ModelViewMatrix * gl_Vertex ) ; vec3 lightDir = normalize ( gl_LightSource[0].position.xyz - vertexPosition ) ; // transform light and half angle vectors by tangent basis vec3 v ; v.x = dot ( lightDir , t ) ; v.y = dot ( lightDir , b ) ; v.z = dot ( lightDir , n ) ; lightVec = normalize ( v ) ; v.x = dot ( vertexPosition , t ) ; v.y = dot ( vertexPosition , b ) ; v.z = dot ( vertexPosition , n ) ; eyeVec = normalize ( v ) ; vertexPosition = normalize ( vertexPosition ) ; /* Normalize the halfVector to pass it to the fragment shader */ //
No need to divide by two , the result is normalized anyway .
// vec3 halfVector = normalize (( vertexPosition + lightDir ) / 2.0 ) ; vec3 halfVector = normalize ( vertexPosition + lightDir ) ; v.x = dot ( halfVector , t ) ; v.y = dot ( halfVector , b ) ; v.z = dot ( halfVector , n ) ; //
No need to normalize , t , b, n and halfVector are normal vectors .
// normalize ( v ) ; halfVec = v ; gl_Position = ftransform ( ) ; }
In the fragment shader :
Fragment shader
uniform sampler2D diffuseTexture ; uniform sampler2D normalTexture ; // New bumpmapping varying vec3 lightVec ; varying vec3 halfVec ; varying vec3 eyeVec ; void main ( ) { // lookup normal from normal map , move from [ 0,1 ] to [ - 1 , 1 ] range , normalize vec3 normal = 2.0 * texture2D ( normalTexture , gl_TexCoord [ 0].st ).rgb - 1.0 ; normal = normalize ( normal ) ; // compute diffuse lighting float lamber Factor= max ( dot ( lightVec , normal ) , 0.0 ) ; vec4 diffuseMaterial = 0.0 ; vec4 diffuseLight = 0.0 ; // compute specular lighting vec4 specularMaterial ; vec4 specularLight ; float shininess ; // compute ambient vec4 ambientLight = gl_LightSource [ 0 ] . ambient ; if ( lamberFactor > 0.0 ) { diffuseMaterial = texture2D ( diffuseTexture , gl_TexCoord [ 0].st ) ; diffuseLight = gl_LightSource [ 0 ] .
diffuse ; //
In doom3 , specular value comes from a texture specularMaterial = vec4 ( 1.0 ) ; specularLight = gl_LightSource [ 0 ] . specular ; shininess = pow ( max ( dot ( halfVec , normal ) , 0.0 ) , 2.0 ) ; gl_FragColor = diffuseMaterial * diffuseLight * lamberFactor ; gl_FragColor += specularMaterial * specularLight * shininess ; } gl_FragColor += ambientLight ; }
Results
Video
Note :
The shadow component is not in the shader snippet but you can find it in the downloaded code .
The video shows a 2000 polygons Hellknight :
Raw model .
Model with 512x512 bump mapping .
Model with 512x512 bump mapping and diffuse / specular mapping .
Model with 512x512 bump mapping and diffuse / specular mapping and shadow .
The code features a C++ md5 model viewer , you can configure a lot via config.cfg and define the scene in scene.cfg .
I included the hellknight md5 so anybody can run the demo , I hope this will be tolerated as a matter of educationnal purpose .
An example of configuration for ZenFrag engine .
Downloads
April , 5 2010 : It seems the binary distribution does n't work with Windows 7 .
I 'll have to take a look at this as soon as I have some time .
Recommended reading
A few books to learn more about bump mapping and parallax mapping .
Doom3 is a great ressource to learn as well , every models are easily accessible and in plain text .
@
TEN COMMON COPYRIGHT PERMISSION MYTHS By Attorney Lloyd J. Jassin
A lthough the First Amendment may appear unconditional on its face , the right to speak and write freely has never been absolute .
Intellectual property rights often prevail over an author 's " creative license . "
The main benefit of copyright , for example , is the right to exclude others from making copies of a work ( or any part of it ) without permission .
By protecting an author 's expression , copyright guarantees that authors and other creators , derive financial benefits from their work .
If you intend to use someone 's copyrighted work , unless the use is considered a " fair use " ( which is technically a defense to copyright infringement ) , you must obtain that person 's written permission .
Under federal law , only the copyright owner or someone acting with the owner 's authority , such as a publisher , can grant that permission .
Without written permission , you expose yourself to legal risks .
While not every unauthorized use of a copyrighted work is an infringement , whenever you include another person 's words , illustrations , photographs , charts or graphs in a work you publish , you must be sensitive to the risk of infringing someone 's copyright .
What follows are some common copyright permission myths .
Though it 's human nature to try and avoid the entanglements of permissions , do n't convince yourself that any one of them is true .
1 . The work I want to use does n't have a copyright notice so I do n't need permission .
Not true .
Since March 1 , 1989 copyright notice has been optional .
Before that date , copyright notice was mandatory and a work published with no copyright notice risked loss of copyright protection if not corrected within a specified period of time .
2 . If I give credit I do n't need permission .
Giving credit means you can look at yourself in the mirror and say you are not a plagiarist .
However , merely giving credit is not a defense to copyright infringement which , unlike plagiarism , has legal , not ethical , consequences .
Copyright infringement is the unauthorized use of someone else 's copyrighted material .
By contrast , you can plagiarize material not protected by copyright simply by taking credit for it .
3 . Since I 'm only using a small portion of the original work , I do n't need permission .
While " fair use " can't be defined with mathematical precision , courts have consistently held that " you can not escape liability by showing how much of [ a ] work you did not take . "
Based on the particular facts of a given case , courts will weight the following factors to determine whether a particular use is a fair use : ( i ) the purpose of the use , including whether the use is primarily for commercial or noncommercial purposes ; ( ii ) the nature of the work ; ( iii ) the amount and importance of the portions used in relation to the whole of the original work ; and ( iv ) the effect of the use on the potential market , or value of the original .
Accordingly , even if what you copy is quantitatively small , it may be qualitatively important , and therefore an infringing use .
4 . I do n't need permission because I 'm going to adapt the original work .
Copyright law grants copyright owners the exclusive right to control modifications of their works .
If you add a new layer of copyrighted material to a previously existing work , you have created a derivative work .
If done without permission of the copyright owner you , may have violated the owner 's copyright .
5 . Since the work is in the public domain , I do n't have to clear permissions .
No necessarily .
Public domain only refers to the lack of copyright protection .
While copyright is very important , a work may be protected by other legal theories that survive after the copyright expires .
For example , public domain artwork , particularly distinctive characters ( e.g. Beatrix Potter 's " Peter Rabbit " illustration ) , can achieve protection under trademark law and function as a logo or source identifier .
Likewise , mere ideas , that are not protected under copyright law , may be protected under trade secret or contract law .
Similarly , identifiable people may have the right to control the manner in which their name or likeness is used .
6 . The material I want to reproduce was posted anonymously to an online discussion or news group .
That means the work is in the public domain .
Not true .
Neither the ease with which users can upload or download information on the Internet , nor the fact that it is anonymous , places a work in the public domain .
In fact , the Copyright Act specifically protects anonymous and pseudonymous works from unauthorized copying .
Postings and republications of protected material , if not done with the consent of the copyright owner , may constitute copyright infringement .
Of course , due to the nature of such postings , there may be implied consent to copy material received from A , in any reply B makes to such communication .
7 . I can always obtain permission later .
Later may be too late .
Copyright owners have the unfettered right not to grant you permission .
If what you need is crucial to your work , better to find out now that it is unavailable , than later .
The lack of permission can result in your work being blocked or the payment of thousands of dollars in copyright damages and attorney 's fees if you decide to use the material without permission .
8 . The material I want to quote is from a an out - of - print book .
That means the work is in the public domain .
Not necessarily .
Out - of - print does not mean out - of- copyright .
When a book goes out - of - print it is a temporary state .
The rights generally revert to the author , which means the underlying copyright remains unaffected .
9 . Since I 'm planning to use my work for nonprofit educational purposes , I do n't need permission .
Not necessarily .
The key factor is not the user , but the nature of the material , how it is being used , and whether the new use adversely affects the value of the original work .
Since even a nonprofit educational use can undermine the value of a copyrighted work , such organizations are not immune from copyright infringement suits .
10 . I do n't need permission because the work I want to use was published before 1923 and is over 75 years old .
Not necessarily .
Unpublished and unregistered works created before 1978 ( including very old works ) may still be protected under United States copyright law .
Copyright in these works -- which includes unpublished letters and manuscripts -- cannot expire until , at least , December 31 , 2002 .
If they are published before December 31 , 2002 , as a bonus , they are guaranteed at least 45 years of additional protection ( until December 31,2047 ) .
Also bear in mind , that although a work may be in the public domain in the United States , it may still be protected overseas , where the rules concerning copyright duration differ .
When in doubt err on the side of caution and obtain permission , or consult with an intellectual property attorney .
NOTICE : This article represents copyrighted material and may only be reproduced in whole for personal or classroom use .
It may not be edited , altered , or otherwise modified , except with the express permission of the author .
This article discusses general legal issues of interest and is not designed to give any specific legal advice pertaining to any specific circumstances .
It is important that professional legal advice be obtained before acting upon any of the information contained in this article .
LLOYD J. JASSIN is a New York - based publishing and entertainment attorney in private practice .
He is coauthor of the bestselling Copyright Permission and Libel Handbook : A Step - by - Step Guide for Writers , Editors and Publishers ( John Wiley & Sons , Inc. ) , available at bookstores or at www.copylaw.com.
Mr. Jassin has written extensively on negotiating contracts in the publishing and entertainment industries , and lectures frequently on contract and copyright issues affecting creators .
He is counsel to the Publishers Marketing Association and Vice Chair of the Small Press Center .
He may reached at Jassin@copylaw.com or at ( 212 ) 354-4442 .
His offices are located at 1560 Broadway , Suite 400 , New York , NY 10036 .
H/t to Korea Beat for pointing this out .
Naver ( the most popular search engine in Korea ) has a pretty good English - Korean - English dictionary full of example sentences for context for the English student , but every once in a while comes up with some pretty wacked out translations of Korean sentences the student is supposed to learn the English equivalent of .
See what happens here when you do a search for sentences containing both the words cats and mice .
Here they are :
Ah ... is that so ?
The fourth sentence in Korean actually says " cats use mice for food " .
But maybe the English translation sums up the relationship between the two a bit more succinctly .
Sounds like a photoshopped image is in order .
Thanks to Juggertha on DeviantART for getting the cat 's face just right .
Need to explain to your Korean friend what " cats fuck over mice " means ?
In Korean it would be something more like 고양이들이 쥐를 졸라 못되게 구는다 .
Illustration by Tom Bachtell
On “ Hardball ” the other night , David Frum was complaining about the Republican Party — a popular activity at MSNBC , a cable news network whose prime - time hosts are non-Republicans , including “ Hardball ” ’s Chris Matthews .
Frum , however , is a non-non-Republican , and an overdetermined one : 1980 Reagan volunteer , Federalist Society activist , Wall Street Journal editorial - page editor , George W. Bush speechwriter ( “ axis of evil ” ) , National Review contributing editor , American Enterprise Institute resident fellow .
What conservatives are saying , he told Matthews ,
is increasingly not only counterproductive economically but also politically .
We look like we do n’t care .
We look like we ’re indifferent .
We do n’t offer solutions .
We ’re talking about a spending freeze in the middle of a 1929 - 30 - style meltdown !
On ABC ’s “ This Week , ” David Brooks , the Times columnist , was even more aghast .
Brooks — whose conservative credentials ( William F. Buckley , Jr. , protégé , Wall Street Journal op - ed editor , Weekly Standard senior editor ) are n’t too shabby , either — said wonderingly , “ There are a lot of Republicans up on Capitol Hill right now who are calling for a spending freeze in the middle of a recession slash depression .
That is insane . ”
Quite a lot of Republicans , actually , and they were n’t just talking about it :
On March 6th , John Boehner , the House Republican leader , made a motion on the floor for just such a freeze .
His charges voted for it , a hundred and fifty - two to nothing .
The theory that preventing the United States government from spending more money will halt the cascading crisis of demand that threatens the world with recession slash depression is indeed crazy .
And many Republicans , even as they rail against “ government spending , ” at least understand that the government must cause more money to be spent , and that the fiscal deficit must rise in the process .
They just want the government to do the job indirectly , by cutting taxes — especially taxes paid by the well - off , such as inheritance taxes , capital - gains taxes , corporate taxes , and high - bracket income taxes — in the hope that the money left untaxed will be spent .
It is useless to point out to them that this approach was tried for eight years and found wanting , that in this economy the comfortable are less likely than the strapped to spend any extra cash that comes their way , that government spending often serves socially useful purposes , that “ wasteful spending ” is not a government monopoly ( see corporate jets , golf - course “ conferences , ” premium vodkas ) , and that the only way to insure that money is spent is , precisely , to spend it .
And yet , lurking underneath the anti-spending , pro-tax - cutting cant is one idea that might truly have merit .
Frum mentioned it on that “ Hardball ” broadcast , touching off this rather cryptic exchange :
FRUM : I ’m for a big payroll - tax holiday that would go into effect immediately .
MATTHEWS : I know about the payroll , uh — in other words , it gets money back in the hands of people who are working people , right ?
FRUM : Up to a hundred and twenty dollars per week per worker , starting last month .
MATTHEWS : But it sounds like a liberal argument .
The funny thing is , the liberals have n’t pushed it .
And I do n’t know why , because working people pay a very regressive tax when they go to work , right ?
“ Instead of mating for life , why ca n’t we just be a flock with benefits ? ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Right .
The payroll tax — a.k.a. the Social Security tax , the Social Security and Medicare tax , or the Federal Insurance Contributions Act ( FICA ) tax — skims around fifteen per cent from the payroll of every business and the paycheck of every worker , from minimum - wage burger - flippers on up , with no deductions .
No exemptions , either — except that everything above a hundred grand or so a year is untouched , which means that as salaries climb into the stratosphere the tax , as a percentage , shrinks to a speck far below .
This is one reason that Warren Buffett ’s secretary ( as her boss has unproudly noted ) pays Uncle Sam a higher share of her income than he does .
In fact , three - quarters of American households pay more in payroll tax than in income tax .
Where income taxes are concerned , even Republicans seldom argue that taxing added income over a quarter million dollars at , say , thirty - six per cent rather than thirty - three per cent is wrong because the affluent need more stuff .
They argue that making the rich richer enables them to create jobs for the non-rich .
More jobs : that ’s a big argument for capital - gains and inheritance - tax cuts , too .
But the payroll tax is a direct tax on work and workers — on jobs per se .
If the power to tax is the power to destroy , then the payroll tax is , well , insane .
Frum is not the only Republican on the case .
“ If you want a quick answer to the question what would I do , ” Mitch McConnell , the Senate Republican leader , said recently , “ I ’d have a payroll - tax holiday for a year or two .
That would put taxes in the hands of everybody who has a job , whether they pay income taxes or not . ”
Other Republican politicians and conservative publicists have made similar noises .
They have n’t made it a rallying point , though ; it would , after all , shape the over - all tax system in a progressive direction .
Anyhow , their sincerity may be doubted : when President Obama proposed a much more modest cut along similar lines — a refundable payroll - tax credit of four hundred dollars — they denounced it as a welfare giveaway .
Liberals have been reticent , too .
The payroll tax now provides a third of federal revenues .
And , because it nominally funds Social Security and Medicare , some liberals regard its continuance as essential to the survival of those programs .
That ’s almost certainly wrong .
Public pensions and medical care for the aged have become fixed , integral parts of American life .
Their political support no longer depends on analogizing them to private insurance .
Besides , the aging of the population , the collapse of defined - benefit private pensions , the volatility of 401 ( k ) s , and pricey advances in medical technology mean that , no matter what efficiencies may be achieved , Social Security and Medicare will — and should — grow .
Holding them hostage to ever - rising , job - killing payroll taxes is perverse .
If the economic crisis necessitates a second stimulus — and it probably will — then a payroll - tax holiday deserves a look .
But it ’s only half a good idea .
A whole good idea would be to make a payroll - tax holiday the first step in an orderly transition to scrapping the payroll tax altogether and replacing the lost revenue with a package of levies on things that , unlike jobs , we want less rather than more of — things like pollution , carbon emissions , oil imports , inefficient use of energy and natural resources , and excessive consumption .
The net tax burden on the economy would be unchanged , but the shift in relative price signals would nudge investment from resource - intensive enterprises toward labor - intensive ones .
This would n’t be just a tax adjustment .
It would be an environmental program , an anti-global - warming program , a youth - employment ( and anti-crime ) program , and an energy program .
Impossible ?
A politically heterogeneous little group with the unfortunately punctuated name of Get America Working !
has been quietly pushing this combination for twenty years .
In one form or another , without much fanfare , it has earned the backing of such diverse characters as Al Gore and T. Boone Pickens , the liberal economist James Galbraith and the conservative economist Irwin Stelzer , Republican heavies like C. Boyden Gray and Democratic heavies like Robert Reich .
It ’s ambitious , it jumbles ideological and partisan preconceptions , and it represents the kind of change that great crises open political space for .
Does that sound like anyone you know ? ♦
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 March 6
Crescent Moon and Venus
Credit & Copyright : Drew Sullivan ( Ancient Starlight )
Explanation : Last Friday , the Moon and Venus shared the early evening sky in a beautiful conjunction .
Separated by only about 2 degrees , they also were both in a crescent phase .
Just like our Moon , Venus can appear as a full disk or a thin crescent .
Frequently the brightest object in the post - sunset or pre-sunrise sky , Venus is so small that it usually requires binoculars or a small telescope to clearly see its phase .
This telescopic image of Friday 's conjunction shows off the similar crescent phases , with the tiny crescent Venus at the upper right .
Firemen go over to the Dark Side : New helmet makes them look like Star Wars stormtroopers
It looks like something out of Star Wars - but inside this futuristic helmet is a fireman .
Brigades across the country are buying the headgear which can stand heat of more than 1,000C , without the temperature inside going above 35C .
And in technology reminiscent of cartoon character Inspector Gadget , firemen can use a lever at the side of the helmet to pull down a gold - plated visor for extra protection .
Deja vu ?
A man models the new Gallet F1 - SF firemen 's helmet ( L ) , and a Star Wars stormtrooper ( R )
Torches are clipped to either side of the helmet , and speakers , microphones and cameras can be attached to allow firemen to stay in touch .
The £ 130 helmets are made in France by safety equipment experts MSA .
The new headgear provides protection all the way around a fireman 's head , face and neck .
The reinforced eye screen is designed to protect against flying objects , radiating heat and ' flash back ' caused by explosions .
Padded chin straps , vented netting and a combination of soft and rigid foam make the helmets more comfortable than ever before .
A side view of the Gallet F1 - SF fireman 's helmet .
The F1 has been used by the Paris Fire Brigade since August 1985
Bosses at Suffolk Fire and Rescue are the latest to buy the Gallet F1 - SF helmets in Britain .
This month they bought 850 - one for every fireman in the Suffolk brigade .
Each requires an individual fitting .
Tradition : A firefighter models the well - known yellow helmet
Assistant chief fire officer Gary Phillips said : ' We did expect some comments from members of the public , especially when attending road traffic accidents because they resemble motorcycle helmets .
' But the tinted visors tend to be used for major fires and when someone is being rescued from a fire they do n't tend to notice or care how futuristic their rescuer looks .
' Our firefighters are over the moon about the helmets .
They 're comfortable and safer than ever before , with full cranial protection .
They 're also better fitting and less likely to come off if a firefighter falls over . '
Ordinary firemen 's helmets are currently made from heat resistant plastics .
Metal helmets were phased out early last century because of the danger of electrocution presented by collapsing electric cables .
Ever since I experienced the Korean tacos of Kogi BBQ , I ’ve been a fan , but the time and locations of where their trucks are parked are n’t always convenient for me , so I had n’t been able to have much of their food , except for one time that I happened to be visiting a friend in Eagle Rock and they had a truck parked down the street from where she was .
I dragged her along and like me , she was blown away .
Periodically , I ’d hear about these specials that Chef Roy had been cooking up and they sounded so tasty , I definitely wanted to try them for myself .
Finally , I set up a special tasting menu with Kogi BBQ for my dining group down the street from the Taco Truck Depot .
How often can you say that you ’ve had a 9 course tasting menu from a taco truck on a random street in LA ?
The first 3 courses were all in one tray , which included a Short Rib Taco , a Spicy Pork Taco and an Oxtail and Kimchi taco .
I ’ve had the first two tacos in the past and they were just as good as before , but the Oxtail and Kimchi Taco was something new and wow , was it tasty .
The meat was marinated well and had a slight chew to it that I liked and I really enjoyed the slight crunch of the kimchi .
The only thing I would have changed is to have a spicier kimchi .
It needed more heat , but other than that , the Oxtail and Kimchi Taco was a hit with the entire crowd .
I think it should actually be added to their regular menu .
Fourth on the rotation was their Korean Hot Dog with a Kimchi Slaw .
I wanted to like this more , but I think it needs some adjustments .
First , the hot dog itself was just okay .
It could be a preference thing , but I would have liked it to have more of a snap when I bit it into it , plus it could have been a bit juicier .
Also , while I liked the bun ’s softness , it needed to be firmer .
When I got my hot dog , it had already fallen through the bun and while trying to eat it , the hot dog was slipping and sliding everywhere .
I did like the kimchi slaw and how it had n’t been marinated for too long , so it retained an almost green freshness about it .
Next up was their Chicken Burrito , which was almost like a Breakfast Burrito since it has eggs and sometimes even hash browns in it .
I ’ve had their burritos in the past and just as before , it still was a hit with me .
The chicken was moist and tender and the sauce that was used to saute the burrito filling was tasty .
Our sixth course was the Pork Belly topped with Dandelion Greens Kimchi on a Sesame Leaf .
I could have easily eaten a few trays of this dish .
The little bit of sweetness in sauce that was on the pork belly meshed well with the slight bitterness of the Dandelion Greens .
6 courses down and our seventh one was actually my favorite of the whole menu .
Chef Roy really knows to work the Spam because up next were the Hawaiian Spam Sliders .
A few of those could easily be a main dinner entree for me .
The sauce , the mayonaise and the sweetness of the bread really worked well with the saltiness of the fried Spam .
Overall , the sweet - salty flavors really suited my palate .
Eighth on the list was corned beef topped with diced onions and served with a slice of lime for additional tartness .
I was n’t really feeling this dish too much .
I liked the flavors , especially after I squeezed the lime and also when I ate the meat with some of the onions , but the corned beef was chewy .
It reminded me of jerky .
The marinade that was used was quite tasty , but there was something about the texture of the meat that was n’t working for me and this comes from someone who likes jerky .
After all the meat we had been consuming , it was nice to end with a vegetable , which were grilled asparagus and a sauce that kind of reminded me of Thousand Island dressing , but way , way better .
Overall , other than a couple of items that were n’t quite to my taste , Kogi BBQ delivered yet again and I look forward to sampling even more of the unique items coming out of Chef Roy ’s head and their rolling kitchen .
Check Out Kogi BBQ !
Follow Kogi BBQ on Twitter !
If you ’re into ethnic food , check out the Pleasure Palate blog for more tasty discoveries !
The number of skilled migrants allowed into Australia is being slashed in a bid to protect Australian jobs .
In a sign of the times , the permanent skilled migration program is being slashed by 18,000 over the next three months , with no foreign bricklayers , plumbers , carpenters or electricians allowed in for the foreseeable future .
And the migrant worker program is likely to be cut back further in the May Budget .
In a bid to stem local job losses , Immigration Minister Chris Evans says there will be a massive slowing in the permanent migration program .
" We 're going to cut it from 133,500 to 115,000 , so that 's about a 14 per cent cut , " he said .
The Government is under pressure to act against further job losses after figures released last week showed the unemployment rate had risen to a four - year high of 5.2 per cent .
Senator Evans took hairdressers and cooks off Australia 's critical skills shortage list last Christmas .
Now he is removing a swag of other occupations , which essentially amounts to all the building and manufacturing trades .
" That 's where we 've seen a drop off in demand , some major redundancies , " he said .
" We do n't want people coming in who are going to compete with Australians for limited jobs . "
Senator Evans says he sees little chance of a change to policy next year .
" What we 'll look to do is run a smaller program and keep the capacity to make sure we can bring in any labour we might need as the year develops , " he said .
But the Minister says he does not think there will be any need to take other occupations off the critical skills list .
" What 's left on the list is pretty well confined to quite specialist areas that have been in short supply for many years , in the health , engineering and IT areas , " he said .
" I doubt there are going to be many changes in that regard .
We 're down to a very short list now .
Employers can still apply to bring in foreign trades people by sponsoring them or using the special 457 visa category for temporary migrant workers but they must prove they cannot source labour locally .
That is becoming increasingly difficult to justify as the economy contracts .
Opposition Leader Malcolm Turnbull says the Government should act to cut further if unemployment worsens .
" We 've been calling for the Government to cut its immigration intake for months now in light of the worsening economic situation so this is a welcome move , " he said .
" It 's good that they 've finally recognised the gravity to the threats to jobs in Australia and acted to reduce the immigration intake . "
The ACTU says it is prudent to make the cuts when unemployment is on the rise .
But the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry 's Peter Anderson says even in tough times there will still be trades skills shortages .
" We would have preferred a status quo position , " he said .
" The risk is that you do n't want migration policy to move in high peaks and low troughs because that does create dislocation through the economy .
" Often in this area it is far better to allow the labour market to operate in a more natural way . "
The Master Builders Association says the cut to the migration program is warranted .
Chief executive Wil Harnisch says unemployment in building and construction is heading up at an alarming rate .
" We 're projecting at least a loss of 50,000 jobs in this industry over the next 12 months and it's likely more to come , " he said .
" The Government 's building - the - nation and jobs plans and the first homeowner grants schemes certainly will underpin conditions in the building industry but we are still seeing a significant slowdown in building activity .
That simply cannot be made up by the Government 's stimuli packages . "
Adapted from an AM story by Alexandra Kirk
Father Georgy Ryabykh / Photo : www.troitsa-horoshevo.ru
The Russian Orthodox Church has addressed the global anti-racism United Nations conference , asking it to ratify the legal notion of Christianophobia along with anti-Semitism and Islamophobia .
“ Speaking at the conference opening in Geneva on Monday , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon mentioned the problems of anti-Semitism and Islamophobia , but not a word was said about haters of Christianity , ” spokesman for the Russian Church bitterly told Interfax Tuesday .
“ For the Russian Orthodox Church it is very important that Christianophobia was included in the list of today ’s global threats and problems , as anti-Semitism and Islamophobia have been , ” Father Georgy Ryabykh of the Moscow Patriarchate said .
“ There are enough cases of violations of Christians ’ rights , insults of their feelings , public distortions of the Christian teaching , to support the international approval of the notion of Christianophobia , ” he said .
Among such insults Ryabykh named the Da Vinci Code and the Last Temptation of Christ movies , and the recent Moscow “ Attention : Religion ! ” modern art exhibition .
He said the suggestion made at the UN conference was not the first time the Russian Orthodox Church had tried to bring the global community round to its point of view , but this time he said he hoped for success .
The folks working with the fantabulous Cassini Saturn probe just released a very cool image indicating a very cool discovery : a moonlet embedded in Saturn 's G ring .
Saturn 's G ring is the second outermost ring ( one more ring , E , is outside G , but very wide and diffuse ) .
It 's about 8000 km ( 5000 miles ) wide , orbiting Saturn about 165,000 km ( 100,000 miles ) out from the planet .
It 's mostly dust , which was a mystery : there was no moon associated with it to replenish the dust , the only ring like it around Saturn without such a source .
These new images ( click to emringen ) clearly show there is a moon there indeed , though it hardly qualifies with such a grandiose name : it 's only about 500 meters ( 600 yards ) across .
These images were taken over about ten minutes , with each image being a 46 second exposure .
The camera was tracking on the ring , so the stars appear as streaks .
The moonlet can be seen to be embedded in the ring , and moving with it .
That makes it clearly part of the G ring , and the obvious long - sought source of dust .
Incidentally , the left image is in visible light , the middle in red , and the right in near - infrared .
Taking images at different wavelengths ( colors ) like that gives astronomers insight in the composition of the ring material -- ice and dust reflect light very differently , so looking at the relative brightnesses of the ring in different wavelengths can distinguish what material is in it .
This is a very cool thing : scientists predicted the moonlet was present because they had studied other rings and knew there had to be something in there making the dust particles , so they went looking for it , and bang !
They found it .
That 's science .
Observation , hypothesis , test , result .
A billion kilometers from Earth , and science still works .
That 's one of the many reasons I like it so much .
That , plus it 's simply so cool .
Credit : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute
What 's the difference between organized crime and terrorism ?
Depending on how the question is approached , the answers could range from " not much " to " everything . "
The fact that perspective has such a strong influence on the answer means that any analysis of the connections can be strongly influenced by a predisposition to look for specific answers .
All of that makes a new report that explores the connections between movie piracy and terrorism a bit suspect for one simple reason : it was funded by the Motion Picture Association .
The fact that the focus will inevitably wind up on the funding , rather than the report proper , is a bit of a shame .
The report was prepared by the RAND Corporation , a nonprofit group that has made a name for itself with thorough analysis in a variety of fields .
The report itself appears to reach some reasonable conclusions .
But the involvement of the MPA makes it impossible to read without pondering whether any passage within it might be subject to spin .
The authors seem to recognize this worry , as they state up front that " the views expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily re?ect the opinions of the MPA . "
They also argue that they knew the report would be studied for signs of bias and took steps to avoid it .
" To be sure , the MPA , like other industries a ? icted by counterfeiting , has powerful interests in the assessments presented in this report , " they write .
" Those evident stakes required that the authors be especially careful in examining evidence and framing conclusions . "
Still , it 's clear that the MPA 's involvement went beyond simply providing funding to the authors ; one of the foundations of the analysis were various case studies , and the MPA itself provided many of these .
Reading the report , it 's hard not to get the sense that large portions of it are simply stating the obvious .
Globalization has resulted in contract production that makes the creation of counterfeit goods a snap , and the ease with which digital goods can be duplicated also contributes to making piracy an appealing business option .
Not only are the profits of piracy appealing , but the downsides tend to be small .
Pirated goods are relatively cheap to produce in the first place , while legal penalties for counterfeiting often lag far behind those for alternative criminal enterprises , like the drug trade .
If piracy as a criminal enterprise looks appealing , then it will almost necessarily wind up being linked to terrorism because the border between the two endeavors is getting very fuzzy .
The same sort of failure of governmental authority that makes large criminal enterprises an option tends to also provide a safe haven for terrorist groups .
Armed insurgencies often engage in terrorism ; these insurgencies take a lot of money to run , and that cash often comes from criminal enterprises .
When it does n't , the other option tends to be wealthy benefactors , and it turns out that some of these donors have made their fortunes through trade in counterfeits .
All of that makes for a field day of case studies regarding the links between organized crime and terrorism .
For example , a major Hezbollah backer apparently has made his fortune by trafficking in counterfeit goods in South America .
Colombia 's FARC movement , while claiming some form of ideological purity , has turned to drug trafficking and kidnappings to balance its books .
The IRA , having its ideological rug pulled out from under it by peace agreements , appears to have devolved into a purely criminal gang .
So all of these groups both engage in some forms of terrorism while engaging in organized criminal piracy to keep paying the bills .
Still , the RAND authors point out that piracy may not be a major contributor to the sort of terrorism that has been keeping Western democracies up at night in recent years .
For one , these attacks have n't actually required that much cash ; the attack on the USS Cole apparently cost only $ 5,000 , while the London train bombings may have taken as little as $ 1,000 .
Although the groups associated with these attacks may spend money on recruiting and travel , an actual attack can be had on the cheap , meaning that piracy may be superfluous .
There also tends to be a bit of an ideological gap between Islamic terrorism and the raw materials of piracy .
Bootlegs of decadent Western films wo n't have much of a market if Al Qaeda succeeds .
There 's also the very basic issue that , where terrorists and organized crime both engage in piracy , there are bound to be turf battles for control of the market .
The net result is that , although some overlap between terrorism and organized piracy is inevitable , there are going to be some severe limits on the extent of that overlap .
As the authors conclude , " Overall , there is little evidence of clear and widespread ties between traditional organized - crime groups and terrorist organizations , yet connections do exist . "
Which seems pretty reasonable , regardless of who funded the study .
It is hoped the state will acquire a more friendly image Utah has eased its strict controls on public drinking by announcing the end of restrictions under which bars had to function like private clubs .
From 1
July , anyone wanting a strong drink in the largely Mormon state will no longer have to fill in a form and pay a fee in order to enter a bar .
It is hoped the move will attract more visitors to Utah , which has a tourist industry worth an annual $ 6bn ( £ 4.2bn ) .
Some bar customers said they welcomed the end to Utah 's " weird drinking law " .
Under the new law , restaurants will be able to take down partitions separating bartenders from diners , meaning bartenders will soon be able to serve drinks directly over bar counters .
' Awesome step '
The changes to the liquor laws were signed off by Utah Governor Jon Huntsman .
" We made a little bit of history today , " he said after signing the bill in The New Yorker , an upscale bar in central Salt Lake City , The Salt Lake Tribune reports .
In an article on the reform earlier this month , the New York Times noted that , under the old law , a membership card for a bar typically cost between $ 10 and $ 15 .
" One of our economic pillars is travel and tourism , " Mr Huntsman told the newspaper on that occasion .
" And if that 's going to be hampered by these jaded and old - fashioned views , then that 's going to impact the cash register and therefore our ability to fund the things that most citizens care deeply about , like our schools . "
The Salt Lake Tribune asked customers for their reaction on Monday in a Salt Lake City bar called Murphy's .
" I think it 's an awesome step in the right direction , " Chris Holt told the newspaper .
" It 's not going to be so much about Utah and its weird drinking law , " said Amy Randall .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NVIDIA Rebrands The GeForce
When we were recently invited to one of NVIDIA 's many conference calls , we were quite excited .
After the shocking mauling by ATI 's Radeon HD 4870 and its ilk , we expected NVIDIA to strike back with a new GPU or two .
Something along the lines of the Empire Strikes Back , perhaps ?
However , that hope was quickly dashed .
The big announcement ( with NDA and all ) was nothing more than a rebranding exercise , and it was a weak one at that .
If this is the best response NVIDIA can come up with , then 2009 is going to be a really painful year for them .
Do n't believe us ?
Well , see for yourselves .
We present the latest addition to the GeForce family - the NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 !
New Name For An Old Card
If the new GeForce GTS 250 card looks familiar to you , it is only because the card is nothing more than a rebranded GeForce 9800 GTX +.
As part of its rebranding exercise , NVIDIA renamed the card so that it appears to be part of the new GeForce GTX 200 family , instead of as an extension of the older GeForce 9800 family .
NVIDIA used BMW as an analogy , where the GeForce GTX cards are enthusiast - grade ( BMW 7 series ) while the GeForce GTS cards are performance - grade ( BMW 5 series ) .
Frankly , the analogy is erroneous in more ways than one .
For one thing , no car enthusiast would think of a BMW 7 series car as " enthusiast - grade " .
Neither is the BMW 5 series known as a " performance - grade " car .
The only way BMW cars could possibly equate with NVIDIA card series is in the price points - the GeForce GTX ( like the BMW 7 series ) is more expensive than the GeForce GTS ( BMW 5 series ) .
In addition , the GeForce GTS is internally quite different from its GeForce GTX brethren .
Although its new name suggests that it is based on the new NVIDIA GT 200 GPUs , it actually uses the older G92 GPU which is a generation older technologically .
If we were to use NVIDIA 's BMW analogy , the GeForce GTS 250 would be the BMW E39 while the GeForce GTX cards would be the BMW E60 .
In other words , the GeForce GTS 250 is one generation older than the GeForce GTX cards .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
DALLAS --
The police officer who pulled out his gun and threatened an NFL player with jail instead of allowing him inside a hospital where his mother - in - law was dying resigned Wednesday .
Officer Robert Powell had been placed on paid leave pending an investigation of the March 18 incident .
" I made this decision in the hope that my resignation will allow the Dallas Police Department , my fellow officers and the citizens of Dallas to better reflect on this experience , learn from the mistakes made , and move forward , " Powell said in a statement issued through his attorneys .
He had stopped Houston Texans running back Ryan Moats ' SUV outside Baylor Regional Medical Center in suburban Plano after the vehicle rolled through a red light .
The officer pulled out his gun and threatened Moats with jail as the player and his family pleaded to be allowed to go inside the hospital .
Powell continued writing Moats a ticket and lecturing him even after a fellow officer confirmed that Moats ' mother - in - law was dying .
" I can screw you over , " Powell , 25 , can be heard saying on the video .
" I 'd rather not do that .
Your attitude will dictate everything that happens . "
Jonetta Collinsworth , 45 , died of breast cancer before Powell allowed Moats to go inside the hospital .
Powell issued an apology , which Moats ' agent , Jordan Woy , said Moats and his wife have accepted .
Dallas - Fort Worth television station KTVT reported that a planned meeting between Powell and the Moatses would not happen .
Powell 's attorney Bob Gorsky , told the television station that they were told the in - person apology would have to be made publicly and with the media present .
He said they felt those terms were unacceptable .
Woy said in an e-mail Wednesday to The Associated Press that there would be no meeting .
Powell had said he wanted the meeting with the couple to " personally express my deep regret , sympathy , and to apologize for my poor judgment and unprofessional conduct . "
He also said he wanted to apologize to his fellow officers .
Dallas police said in a statement Wednesday that Powell " resigned under his own accord . "
Because he resigned while under investigation , he wo n't be eligible for rehire with the department , police said .
An internal investigation into Powell 's actions will continue , police said .
According to video from a dashboard camera inside the officer 's vehicle , Moats ' wife , Tamishia Moats , and another woman disregarded Powell 's order to get back inside their vehicle , and they rushed into the hospital .
After Powell yelled at Tamishia Moats to stay in the SUV , she said , " Excuse me , my mom is dying -- do you understand ? "
Moats , 26 , explained that he had waited until there was no traffic before continuing through the red light .
When Powell asked for proof of insurance , Moats grew more agitated and told the officer to go find it .
The bills in Congress that will industrialize of all farming and be the death of organic food are not identical , as I 'd been told .
They are each different and each bad in its own special way and they are still coming .
SB 425 , HB 875 , HB 814 , and now Dingel 's , HB 759 which I just heard may win the prize for the worst ( but the competition is stiff so who knows ) .
Four bills .
That 's an impressive steamroller Monsanto and industrial ag have got going , with small farms in its path .
So , who cares ?
It 's just food , is n't it ?
It 's " just " food .
It 's " kind of " food .
And " kind of " soil .
And " kind of " water .
And " kind of " air .
And " kind of " animals .
And " kind of " communities .
And roll it all together , and oddly enough it 's only " kind of " democracy .
" During his time as governor " Vilsack oversaw the largest proliferation of hog confinements in the states history . "
These new hog CAFOs put tens of thousands of independent family hog farmers out of business in the state .
The end result of this was a " decimation of rural Iowa " and serious degradation of the state 's drinking water .
Iowans also remember the rides on Monsanto 's corporate jet that Vilsack - the Biotech " Governor of the Year " - enjoyed during his time in office .
He repayed Monsanto by working with the Republican floor manager in the House , promising to do everything he could to get a seed bill to pass .
This bill took away county power to regulate GMOs within county borders . "
Jill Hamilton and Ronnie Cummins , head of the Organic Consumers Association .
What 's the big deal ?
Maybe none .
Decide for yourself .
Still think that if you 're innocent , you have nothing to fear from surveillance and control laws ?
Have a look at this news - video about Stephen Clarke , a man who was accused to taking pictures of sewer - gratings in Manchester and arrested .
Though the police could n't find any photos of sewer - gratings on his phone ( and even though " what a sewer grating looks like " is n't a piece of specialized terrorist intelligence ) , he was held on suspicion of planning an act of terror , imprisoned for two days while the police searched his home , his phone and his computer .
When they could n't find anything suspicious , they released him , but kept his DNA on file , as the biometric of someone who had been accused of plotting a terrorist act .
what happened to me
I joined the Socialist Party , USA in 1972 , when I was 16 .
That was seven months before the name change to Social Democrats , USA .
I was a subscriber to the Party 's publication , New America for four years by that point .
I grew up in a Catholic working class neighborhood .
Many of my neighbors read the Catholic Worker .
However , I would not meet another self described social democrat or democratic socialist who was close to my age until I completed college and entered the seminary when I was 21 .
That was not for a lack of my attempts at persuasion .
Now when I speak on behalf of the Social Democrats , I meet many people who call themselves socialists or they are considering doing so .
Two things have changed .
First , Stalinism in the Soviet Union finally and thankfully collapsed and The Peoples ' Republic of China is a transparently " state capitalist " regime .
Second , the propaganda machine that equated private ownership of productive property with democracy is spurting under onslaught of facts that indicate just the opposite .
There were two presidential elections in a row were [ sic ] the count look [ sic ] fishy and the money trail lead to the top of Republican Party .
Then the banks collapsed and it was apparent that the largest financial institutions in the world were involved in sub - prime mortgage ponzi schemes .
I am not sure whether to celebrate or lament becoming an economist and union organizer instead of a priest given the current crisis .
As my mentor , Michael Harrington , was fond of saying there are many kinds of socialism .
Stalin , Hitler , and Mao , history 's three greatest mass murderers , all called themselves socialists .
Hopefully , America is ready for a broad social democratic movement that works with trade unions and community organizations for national health care , re-industrialization , ecologically friendly mass transit , infrastructure repair , and eventually a democratization of our economy .
Building such a movement will be very hard work .
The cyber - world has many benefits , but people seemed to be convinced that social change can occur by email .
It is great shame , that it takes 8.2 % unemployment and massive economic dislocation to push people back to real time organizing and protest .
Simply that people are angry is not enough .
The Bolsheviks , Fascists , and Nazis all road [ sic ] waves of mass discontent to power .
A peoples ' movement must be militantly democratic and refuse to make common cause with even the ' mildest and friendliest totalitarians . '
A truly democratic movement for social democracy must transcend the narrow special interest group politics that has made up most of political discourse since the protests against the Vietnam War .
To transcend the current economic crisis we need a full employment economy and that means a movement concentrated on 'red letter ' social democratic issues of democratic worker and community control of industry .
We were hoping to catch up with Microsoft 's " Lauren , " a regular gal who Microsoft surprised with $ 1,000 to buy a laptop ... in a national commercial .
And it ends up she 's an LA - based , SAG - eligible actress .
UPDATE
Advertisement
Tracked down by TechFlash , " Lauren " ( who is really Lauren De Long ) says on her site " [ she ] booked what she thought was a " Market and Research " job regarding laptops .
But that 's not all she booked ... actually Lauren found out they were shooting a national commercial !
Tears , laughter and excitement greeted this new development . "
Advertisement
The Wall Street Journal reported that the Microsoft test group had been assembled from " recruited prospective computer shoppers . "
Shoppers are distinctly different from people looking for jobs .
Regardless -
Reading through De Long 's resume , you find that her " special skills " include Cheerleading , Ear Prompter , Hula Hoop , and Stage Combat .
So wait , she 's an actress AND a cheerleader AND a stage combatant , but she 's STILL not cool enough to use a Mac ?
No way .
We just do n't buy it .
We were unable to reach Lauren De Long , but we did leave her a message mentioning one of our readers ' offers to give her a free 17 - inch Apple PowerBook .
When site TechFlash called , apparently De Long said she had signed an NDA restricting her from speaking about her experiences with the HP laptop .
UPDATE : Lauren De Long just returned our call .
She said , " Thanks for tracking me down and everything ... I 'm humbled and honored by all the attention , but I 'm trying to gracefully turn down any interviews . "
She then confirmed that an NDA sealed her from talking about anything pertaining to the commercial ( which means that our own Mitch is out of luck — Lauren can't do any sort of Mac vs. HP value comparison ) .
But we have good news , Mitch .
A number of our readers wrote in letting us know that they'd be happy to take the laptop off your hands !
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
[ Lauren 's Site and Lauren 's Bio via TechFlash ]
[ WARNING : arachnophobes beware ; this list contains an image of a spider . ]
Nature provides for almost all of our needs and it is as diverse as the stars in the sky .
But there is a dark side too .
Nature also contains some of the most awful things you can imagine – worse than anything conjured up by Stephen King !
This list looks at ten of those things .
10 Honey Badger Most Vicious Animal
The honey badger is usually found in Africa and Western and Southern Asia .
For a number of years the Guinness Book of Records has named it the “ most fearless creature ” .
This animal ( which looks deceptively cute ) will attack virtually anything and it is smart enough to know its opponents weak spots .
For example , when confronted by a human male , it will attack the testicles .
This is also one of the few animals that uses tools – for example making use of logs as ladders .
The honey badger loves honey and will dive right into a beehive with no regard to its own safety – which unfortunately often leads to its death .
Honey Badgers can kill crocodiles , and are very efficient snake killers .
It takes only 15 minutes for the animal to eat a 5 foot snake .
The ferocity of these creatures is well known in nature and not even a leopard or lion will attempt to kill one .
9 Mosquito Worst Insect
There is no doubt that the mosquito has to be the worst insect in the world .
Just as summer starts , the mosquitos come out in force ready to feast upon the pasty white legs of humans that have been locked inside for winter .
At night as you lie in bed you can hear them buzzing but you ca n’t see them – and then next morning a huge welt appears on the tip of your nose because the mosquito chowed down on it .
Oh – and it also happens to be the most deadly insect in the world because it spreads malaria – in fact , it is believed that half the human population that has died through history , died because of the female mosquito bite .
God must have been pre-occupied the day he was creating the animals , because he did n’t notice Satan making the mosquito .
8 Fatal Familial Insomnia Worst Disease Symptoms
Fatal Familial Insomnia is a terrible disease found in only 28 families around the world .
The disease prevents you from sleeping and no medication available can help you .
When the disease begins , you generally have from 7 to 36 months of sleepless nights until you finally die .
Wikipedia describes the stages of the disease thus :
1 . The patient suffers increasing insomnia , resulting in panic attacks , paranoia , and phobias .
This stage lasts for about four months .
2. Hallucinations and panic attacks become noticeable , continuing for about five months .
3. Complete inability to sleep is followed by rapid loss of weight .
This lasts for about three months .
4. Dementia , where the patient becomes unresponsive or mute over the course of six months .
This is the final progression of the disease , and the patient will subsequently die .
7 Bullet Ant Most Painful Bite
The bullet ant is ranked as having the most painful sting in the world – often likened to the pain of being shot , described thus : “ waves of burning , throbbing , all - consuming pain that continues unabated for up to 24 hours ” .
The ant is found in Nicaragua south to Paraguay and , like other ants , they live in large colonies which are usually situated at the base of trees .
The ants are used in an initiation rite for boys in the Satere - Mawe tribe of Brazil .
The boys are made to wear a glove with hundreds of these ants attached – they must suffer the stings for 10 minutes and they must perform this ritual multiple times .
The boys arm is usually paralyzed temporarily from the poison and their bodies can shake for days .
You can watch the rite of passage on youtube – I do n’t recommend it for the weak of heart .
6 Salvinia Molesta Most Intrusive Weed
Also known as kariba weed , the salvinia molesta plant is an aquatic fern from Brazil .
It floats on top of water and doubles in size every few days .
This usually results in lakes that become completely covered by a mat of the plant up to 24 inches high .
The intrusive weed prevents sunlight from entering the water which , in turn , prevents animal and plant life from surviving .
To make matters worse , you ca n’t kill the plant .
If you break it into small pieces , each piece will spawn a new plant .
In the US attempts have been made to remove it using cranes , but all it takes is one tiny piece to restart the whole growing process .
It is now found around the world and causes havoc everywhere it goes .
In the image above , what appears to be a nice lawn is actually an entire lake covered with salvinia molesta .
5 Corpse Flower Smelliest Plant
The corpse flower thrives in the grasslands bordering rain forests in Sumatra ( though it is now found around the world in display gardens ) .
It grows a single enormous flower which produces a smell that is remarkably similar to a rotting corpse ( hence its name ) .
The flower grows to over 10 feet wide and its coloring is designed to mimic the look of rotting meat – to help entice the carrion eating insects that pollinate it .
The tip of the corpse flower is nearly the same temperature as the human body which probably helps to spread the stink and adds to the illusion that it is really rotten flesh .
Here is an excellent youtube clip with David Attenborough presenting the corpse flower .
4 Brazilian Wandering Spider Worst Spider
It is huge .
It has one of the most painful bites in the spider world .
It is the most deadly spider ; forget the funnel web spider – this thing is dangerous .
It has the highest human kill rate in the world .
To make things even worse , a bite from this spider causes an erection that lasts for hours .
No – this is not a subtle ad for viagra ; it really is a side - effect of a wandering spider bite .
Emergency room staff are able to immediately recognize a person suffering from a bite .
Needless to say , the venom is being studied for possible medical uses for people suffering erectile disfunction .
[ Youtube Clip ]
3 Candiru Nastiest Fish
The Candiru is a small parasitic catfish which is found mostly in the Amazon river where it is the most feared fish – even more so than piranhas .
The fish can grow to a maximum length of around six inches .
Candiru feed on the blood of their host creatures by swimming into the gills and using razor sharp spines on its head to attach itself .
It then chews its way through the host until it reaches a major artery and drinks blood until it is satiated .
The fish finds its prey by sniffing the water and this is where it starts to get nasty : the smell of human urine appeals to candirus and they can find their way to a human penis or vagina under the water and enter it .
When this happens , the fish attaches itself ( causing great pain to the poor human ) and it can generally only be removed through surgery .
This is a very unpleasant situation to be in – so be warned : do n’t pee in the Amazon river .
You can watch a youtube clip about the candiru here .
And if you are able to cope with disgusting images , check out the photo of a doctor removing a candiru from a man ’s nether - regions .
2 Man Most Damaging To Its Environment
First of all we need to get one thing clear – I am not a “ greenie ” or an “ environmentalist ” – but even a hard - hearted non-recycler like me can see how much damage man causes to nature .
We pollute our waterways and air , we tear down whole forests , we flatten mountains , and we bury nuclear waste beneath the earth .
Nature has every reason to hate us and perhaps that is in part the reason for the many plagues and pandemics that have struck our kind since time immemorial .
1 Botulinum Toxin Deadliest Thing Ever
Botulinum toxin is produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum and it is , beyond a doubt , the deadliest known protein .
If the clostridium botulinum spores find their way to food or wounds , they will begin to release the toxin which leads to poisoning if eaten .
It is so deadly that a mere two pounds ( roughly 1kg ) of the stuff is enough to kill the entire human population .
It is so deadly that it is potentially useful as a biological weapon .
This is the kind of thing we obviously want to keep right away from right ?
Well , no .
Millions of people have this deadly protein injected into their face every year ; it is present in minute quantities in Botox which is used to “ treat ” wrinkles .
Contributor : JFrater
( CNN ) -- Until recently , the Bilson household was under siege .
Thirteen - year - old daughter Marissa , who has autism , ruled the roost , screaming shrilly until she got her way and enjoying special privileges that did n't extend to her siblings , Brittany , 15 , and Brendan , 6 .
Behavioral therapist Rick Schroeder prepares Marissa for a walk through a store .
The family could n't go out in public because of Marissa 's tantrums , and they could n't take her into stores because she 'd shoplift what she wanted , or just scream until she got it .
But that was before .
Watch Marissa " before " »
Today , the Bilsons ' family life is a lot calmer and quieter .
That 's because Marissa and her parents , John and Mary , are following the rules that were made during a five - day intervention .
The intervention was provided to them free by the group Autism Partnership , or AP .
Usually this type of treatment costs about $ 20,000 a week , and it's not covered by insurance , but because CNN was allowed to videotape the entire process , AP waived the fee for the Bilsons .
The intensive , one - on - one , in - home therapy was meted out by behavioral therapist Rick Schroeder , who used a technique of behavior modification known as " applied behavior analysis " or ABA .
ABA essentially breaks down behavior patterns in order to reward good behavior and not reward bad behavior .
Essentially , it 's all about laying down the rules and sticking to them in a way that Marissa can understand .
Watch the therapist work with Marissa »
Marissa -- who before the therapy was , in Schroeder 's words , " out of control " -- now has rules to follow , something she did n't have before .
Marissa 's mother also learned some lessons about her daughter that week .
" I learned that Marissa is smart , " Mary Bilson said .
" Smarter than I thought . "
These days inside the Bilsons ' cozy house , there is a lot less screaming and more boundaries are in place .
The balance of power is tipping back into the hands of the parents and away from Marissa and her tantrums .
Did the therapy work ?
Watch life for the Bilsons " after " »
But there is still work to be done ; the only difference is that now the Bilsons -- not Schroeder -- will be in charge .
The theory remains the same : " It 's all about the teaching , " Schroeder explains .
" With a child like Marissa , we can't sit down and discuss it with her -- she 's just not going to get that .
So we have to take it in small steps .
Make them understandable and move on , one step at a time . "
That 's just what the Bilsons are doing :
One step at a time .
They have increased the amount of time that Marissa has to practice her new behavior , from a starting time of 20 minutes a day toward a goal of 60 minutes .
Learn more about raising a child with autism »
In a recent e-mail , Mary Bilson wrote that the initial rewards that Schroeder had used with Marissa have lost their appeal , and Marissa was n't interested in working for them anymore .
However , Bilson added , she has discovered other rewards the teen is eager to work toward .
As a result , said Mary Bilson , her once unruly teen has continued to follow the rules that were put in place during that weeklong intervention : Marissa no longer goes into sister Brittany 's room , she no longer monopolizes the family computer , and her once - frequent screaming fits have all but stopped .
Possibly best of all , Marissa can now go out in public without creating a scene -- a goal Mary Bilson was eager to achieve , because before , the Bilsons " could never go out together as a normal family . "
In other words , one week of intervention therapy has done more than simply give Marissa some rules to follow and the household some much needed quiet .
It has brought this once - divided family back together .
All About Autism
But ordinary people still had good reason to be terrified , just as ordinary people do today .
Midwestern 1870 's factory farms — thousand - acre spreads with 70 - horse plowing teams — quickly dominated world markets but also wiped out the much smaller grain farmers of New York .
Globalized grain markets were more volatile : good weather on the Russian steppes could ruin an American grower 's year .
Farmers found themselves caught in the coils of grain futures markets .
After the Civil War , artisanal local manufacturers usually enjoyed comfortable mini-monopolies .
But with the rapid spread of the railroads and the telegraph , new department stores and mail - order catalogs pressured local producers and middlemen with mass - produced goods , a precursor to the Wal - Mart era .
In the mid-1880 's , the Bloomingdale 's catalog promised that orders would arrive within two weeks in virtually the whole of the United States , including large swathes of territory reachable only by wagon - train a decade before .
The productivity shock was comparable to that from the Internet in our own day .
Before the Civil War , America was perhaps the most egalitarian society in the world .
But the unbridled entrepreneurialism of the 1870 's gave rise to the robber barons .
Even if ordinary people were doing better in the 1870's , the yawning gap between the very rich and everybody else fanned resentments .
Interestingly , wealth inequality in today 's America is roughly the same as in the Gilded Age .
The sharply increased social and geographic mobility of the 1870 's set people adrift from traditional sources of security in families and villages .
In our own day , the destruction of employer - employee relationships , the erosion of pension protection and employee health insurance may be creating a similar loss of moorings .
If one counts only the size of houses and cars , and the numbers of electronic gadgets stuffed into rec rooms , Americans are probably better off than ever before .
But as the 1870 's suggest , economic well - being does n't come just from piling up toys .
An economy has psychological or , if you will , spiritual , dimensions .
A conviction of fairness , a feeling of not being totally on one 's own , a sense of reasonable stability and predictability are all essential components of good economic performance .
When they were missing in the 1870's , in the midst of a boom , the populace was brought to the brink of revolt .
on •
One of the ways of starkly illustrating an aspect of the gender divide is DeBecker ’s quote :
“ At core , men are afraid women will laugh at them , while at core , women are afraid men will kill them . ”
I think there ’s a class and mothering parallel here :
Middle - class women are afraid of being mummy - tracked ; working - class women are afraid of being fired .
Valuing and supporting mothering is an essential part of reproductive justice work .
Reproductive choice does n’t just involve the right to prevent or terminate a pregnancy .
It involves the ability to continue a pregnancy , to birth in safety , and to mother without risking harassment or beating or child removal – or poverty .
The “ mommy track ” , a lowering of the glass ceiling , is n’t the only risk mothers face .
An Ohio woman was fired for “ taking unscheduled breaks ” to pump breastmilk at work .
She lost her first case against the company , and the appeal .
The Ohio Supreme Court is to begin hearing arguments on the case .
The Dayton Daily News reports that LaNisa Allen , a warehouse labourer , was fired by Totes / Isotoner Corp. for “ breaking workplace rules ” when she took her lactation break at 10 am , three hours after her 10 - minute 8 am break , to relieve her breast engorgement .
I ca n’t find any photographs or references to Allen ’s racial identification in the news , but I ’m hazarding a guess that she ’s likely to be a woman of colour , probably African - American .
The company who fired her argues that there is “ legal precedent showing that employers do n’t have to give extra breaks to breastfeeding women . ”
As Ohio has no laws [ 1 ] specifically protecting a worker ’s right to express or breastfeed at work , lawyers are taking the angle of gender discrimination :
Allen ’s attorneys say it ’s gender discrimination because she was fired to relieve discomfort due to lactation , a condition exclusive to women .
Totes , which prevailed against Allen in a 2008 trial and a subsequent appeal , argues that the company did n’t discriminate because breastfeeding does n’t legally constitute an illness or medical condition .
The company says there is legal precedent showing that employers do n’t have to give extra breaks to breastfeeding women .
So if lactation is not an illness or medical condition , as the company argues , then it ’s a normal physiological state of the female body – and they ’ve fired her for it .
They have fired her for being a woman , for having female body parts .
This analogy seems obvious ( though lactation and menstruation are not the same thing ) : firing a woman for taking care of her body ’s physiological needs with regard to lactation is akin to firing a woman for taking care of her female body ’s physiological needs with regard to menstruation .
Of course , it would n’t surprise me if companies are also forcing their low - paid female workers to not take bathroom breaks for menstrual needs – I believe I ’ve heard of this happening in the past .
Would a gender discrimination lawsuit regarding menstrual needs occasion more outcry than the lactation cases , I wonder ?
I ’m guessing that the antibreastfeeding crowd will start screaming , “ But lactation is optional ! ” .
So ’s menstruation , folks , if you want to bring it down to that .
It can be stopped with hormones , or with pregnancy , or with surgery .
The normal physical state of a postpartum woman is lactating , just as the normal physical state of a non-pregnant ciswoman in her reproductive years is cyclic menstruation .
There are ways of stopping lactation ; there are also ways of stopping menstruation , and yet opting out of menstruation is not forced upon women by the misguided desires of bosses to make more money .
Women should not be forced to drastically alter their bodily functions in order to hold down a job .
I guess it has n’t occurred to these employers that a worker in pain from engorgement is unlikely to be a productive worker .
I remember that antsy feeling very well , when my breasts were an extra hour or two overfull ; even before the pain sets in , it ’s impossible to concentrate on anything else when your body is screaming to let the milk out .
That crawling , urgent feeling is a very difficult thing to explain to someone who has never lactated .
The closest thing I can relate it to in intensity is an unslaked thirst on a hot day , though it ’s very different in quality .
Aside from the engorgement and productivity issue , a breastfeeding mother is less likely to need days off work to care for a sick child , and healthcare costs – where employees are insured !
– are reduced .
Employers have a lot to gain by actively supporting breastfeeding in their workforce .
There is a lot of lip - service paid to the panic about women of colour and women in lower socioeconomic groups not breastfeeding at the rates that middle - class white women are .
Many of the so - called “ solutions ” proposed just boil down to more “ education ” of mothers , which is flat - out useless in the face of massive societal obstacles and hostility .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” does n’t help when you have long separations and you ’re banned from expressing .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” does n’t help when the only spaces you can express in are a filthy stinky bathroom or a public eating space filled with the men who sexually harass you .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” does n’t help when you ’re forced back to work at four to six weeks postpartum , your C section wound not yet healed , because you ’ll lose your health insurance and the roof over your head if you do n’t go back .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” does n’t help when you are the only person in your extended family who has ever tried to put a baby to your breast .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” does n’t help when you ca n’t afford a lactation consultant to help you over a surmountable hurdle .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” does n’t help when you ca n’t afford the pump you need to maintain your supply while separated , and you do n’t know how to hand express ( or your hands are too painful from disability , or too exhausted from work ) .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” does n’t help when the healthcare and welfare workers you respect are pushing free formula into your exhausted hands , urging you “ This will help you , dear , it ’s full of nutrients for your baby ’s brain development ” , and you find out , too late , that the free formula does n’t last to the end of each month .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” does n’t help when you ’re kicked out of public spaces for nursing .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” when all of the lactation support services available are staffed by wealthy white women who do n’t speak your language or do n’t understand your community , or who look down on your for being the “ wrong sort ” of mother .
Knowing that “ breastfeeding is best ” does n’t help when you ’re fired .
There are other complex cultural interplays as well as the practical barriers .
In the USA and countries with similar colonialism stories , where African - American women were systematically forced into wet - nursing for their white oppressors , those resonances of breastfeeding with slavery continue to carry great power .
Where breastfeeding is seen as a sign of poverty , formula feeding can sometimes be seen as a sign of upward mobility .
Where your body is constructed as inferior , defective , less - than ; why should you trust it to produce the best food for your child ?
If we want to have a gender - equal society where mothers and children are valued as humans , we need to start valuing them , across the board .
Not just mothers who happen to be lawyers and CEOs and bank workers and movie stars — all mothers .
~~~
References and further reading :
Mocha Milk : a blog for all things related to breastfeeding and the African - American woman
Womanist Musings : “ Here Tits : The Wet Nurse and The Revival Of Mammy ” ( cross- posted at Feministe )
African - American Breastfeeding Alliance
Black Breastfeeding Blog
Mocha Moms , Inc
“ Aboriginal maternal and infant care workers : partners in caring for Aboriginal mothers and babies “ , GE Stamp et al , Rural and Remote Health 8 : 883 , 2008
Hoyden About Town : Flimsy .
Wimpy .
Weak .
The Parliamentary Breastfeeding Inquiry Report .
“ Comparison of Maternal Absenteeism and Infant Illness Rates Among Breast - feeding and Formula - feeding Women in Two Corporations “ , Rona Cohen et al , American Journal of Health Promotion , 10 ( 2 ) , 1995
ABA Breastfeeding Friendly Workplace Accreditation Programme
Costs of NOT Breastfeeding : Kaiser Permanente Study
“ Health Care Costs of Formula - feeding in the First Year of Life “ , Ball and Wright , Pediatrics 103 ( 4 ) , April 1999 , pp. 870-876
SisterSong Women of Color Reproductive Health Collective
Breastfeeding Support At The Workplace : Best Practices to Promote Health and Productivity , Rowena Bonoan , Washington Business Group on Health , Issue 2 , March 2000 .
~~~
[ 1 ]
The conjunction of “ Ohio ” and “ breastfeeding discrimination ” was ringing a bell for me .
I found out why : that ’s the state where City Kids Day Care was charging an extra $ 50 a week to feed expressed breastmilk to babies in its care .
[ Image : Do n’t Be Afraid to Nurse by Inocencio Segura , sourced from promom.org .
Do you know how hard it is to find breastfeeding art that does n’t feature white women and babies ? ]
Update :
There is more on the legal reasoning in this particular case here at the Columbus Dispatch .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Pocket
Like this : Like Loading ...
Categories : gender & feminism , health , law & order , social justice , work and family
As an efficient , inexpensive , low - tech way to treat water , Dr. James Amburgey ’s research could bring clean , safe drinking water to potentially millions upon millions of people .
Simplicity is the primary objective of the rapid sand filter system Amburgey is developing .
“ The idea is to make it as simple as possible , ” he said .
“ All that is needed is some PVC pipe , sand and inexpensive treatment chemicals .
The only way to practically deploy a system to the people of less developed countries is for it to be inexpensive and simple . ”
Amburgey , an assistant professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering , specializes in drinking and recreational water treatment .
He has done work in the past with slow sand filters , but his latest research with rapid sand filters is demonstrating the ability to clean water much more effectively and 30 to 50 times faster .
“ One significant challenge with sand filters is in removing Cryptosporidium oocysts , ” Amburgey said .
“ One ‘ crypto ’ is five microns in diameter , but the gaps between grains of sand are approximately 75 microns .
So , we have to get the crypto to stick to the sand grains . ”
To achieve this , Amburgey has developed a chemical pretreatment scheme based on ferric chloride and a pH buffer that is added to the water .
In its natural state , Cryptosporidium is negatively charged , as are sand grains , so they repel one another .
The chemical pretreatment changes the Cryptosporidium surface charge to near neutral , which eliminates the natural electrostatic repulsion and causes it to be attracted to and stick to the sand grains via van der Waals forces .
In research using a prototype of this system in his lab , Amburgey and his students have done preliminary tests on waters from local rivers , creeks and wastewater treatment plants .
Their results are typically greater than 99 percent removal for Cryptosporidium - sized particles .
“ A common problem in drinking water treatment facilities is that changing water quality requires changes in the chemical pretreatment dosages , ” Amburgey said .
“ Our tests , so far , have shown that this system utilizing only a single set of chemical pretreatment dosages is effective on all waters tested to date . ”
Another advantage of the system is that it can be adapted by using local sands or crushed rock that are indigenous to a particular region of the world .
fundraising , mobile advocacy , Mobile Fundraising
I ’m at NTEN ’s 2009 National Technology Conference .
I ’ll be live blogging this session on Mobile Advocacy and Fundraising .
I ’m starting now .
Session presenter : Matt Wilson from Mobile Commons .
Now 250 million active phones in US ( in context of a little over 300 million people in US now ! )
Technology is changing voice advocacy .
Example : AFSCME Union
1. Builds an email list .
2 . Asks them to make a phone call through an email ask .
3. Submit mobile phone number , email and zip code on a form , and an automated phone call is sent to a legislator .
How does this happen :
An API code snipped sends a call to an automated voice through mCommons – redirects the call to their legislator .
Example 2 : Human Rights Campaign
1. HRC sends a text action alert .
2 . Asks them to dial a number .
Hear a recording with audio talking points and
3. Auto -routes to legislator .
Participation industry standards :
1. Email requests return 8 to 20 % online advocacy action .
2 . But with mobile SMS , we see 20 % response rate within 20 minutes , and 40 – 50 % response rate within 24 hours .
Example 3 : Planned Parenthood
1 . Asked people to input a mobile cell number as soon as the Global Gag Rule was overtuned .
2.People received text messages that it was overturned .
Individuals were asked to text back thank - you messages to Obama .
500 people replied back with a thank you within 20 minutes .
Averaged out to 20 % reply rate .
Takeaways :
– got people used to acting differently : use mobile text for the organization
- captured mobile cell numbers for the organization
Question : what should be the length of broadcast text message to individuals ?
Limit is 160 characters .
The simpler , shorter and quicker the call to action the better .
Question :
What is basic set up cost for Mobile Advocacy ?
Some vendors will price per text – about $ .10 per text message plus setup fee .
Other will offer ongoing monthly fees plus setup fee .
Rule is about $.10 per outgoing message for simple solutions .
Question :
Are campaigns targeted differently for those people with smartphones or iPhones ?
Have n’t really seen this yet .
Not sure what we would learn yet from this type of segmentation , and do n’t have enough info yet .
Question about worldwide customers .
mCommons only works with US customers at this time .
State of Mobile Fundraising
1. Mobile Giving Foundation : ability to bill $ 5 increments to constiuents ’ wireless bills .
2. Email acquisition .
Acquire emails at live events .
3. Integrated campaigns .
Can we increase lift on online and direct mail campaign with text to reinforce donation is a big questions .
Ask people to text to pledge or fulfill plecges online .
Send them to online pages is an idea .
Mobile Giving Foundation
Any 501 ( c ) 3 can apply to be a provider .
One approved , can ask constituents to send $ 5 donations to their wireless bills on behalf of the organization .
Mobile Giving Fdn distributes funds within 60 to 90 days .
Wireless carriers pass thorugh entire donation .
Vendors have different pricing models .
Question :
Do nonprofits get all the giving info from the constituents at the end of the transaction with add - on requests at end of text giving ?
No .
Problem is that nonprofits ca n’t get that info .
The one exception is that once you get a list of email ????
Case Study : by Watershed Strategic Consultants .
Jenn Smith , presenter .
Think back to last fall and the economy taking a dive .
Tried partnering with the Humane Society of the US to try something different .
At the time HSUS had a 12,000 phone list .
Urged 12,000 to give via phone on December 30th as last - chance push for year - end giving .
A “ hey , give now , tax deductible , do it now ” type message .
Send “ Last chance email ” December 26 .
Sent last chance email again Dec. 29 .
Send text to give December 30th .
Everyone got anothe last chance email on the 31st .
The Plan :
1. Partnered with a telemarketing firm to set up an inbound call center to accept donations .
2 . Set up an internal donation form telemarketing reps could complete donations while taking calls .
3. Suppress donors on mobile list .
If gave in December , did n’t use their numbers for the mobile campaign .
4. Created a control group of people who did not receive text message .
Text message they ’d received : “ HUMANE : 24 hrs to make your tax - deductibel gift for animals .
Call 800-680-8313 from 11-8 EST or reply “ CALL ” now to give to the Humane Society . ”
What happened ?
NOTHING .
However , a few people made some test donations who were already on the team .
Silver lining : control group who did n’t get text message .
BUT the people who got text message AND then last chance to give Dec. 31st email to give donated .55 % , which is higher than average for email solicitations .
People who did not get text but only email asks donated .31 %
Increase in fundraising was .77 % .
Takeaways :
Year end using text messages to boost email response is good .
Control groups can save the day .
Keep testing .
Must build mobile strategies inot campaigns .
What went wrong with original campaign ?
Not sure but thoughts are :
1. Mobile is a a cultivated file .
Takes time for people to get used to it .
2. Mobile file had not been asked to enage that frequently .
3 . Perhaps issue with timing , people on vacation then .
What has changed for Watershed ’s clients ?
1. Creating unique strategies per channel , not just replicating them onto each channel .
So , if you want to grow a mobile program you have to build a list same as how you built your email list , and think about it as a new channel that need new strategies .
2 . Off mobile promotions are still important for mobile complementaries .
( Flyers , signs , other platforms , etc. )
Question : how about opt-out ?
Answer : every text message has a click to opt out message , within the 160 - character limit .
Question : how do people know the number really does lead to a credible organization , or is the Humane Society that texted them ?
Answer : technically , with a mobile short code people could n’t do that .
But , there are issues with people ’s comfort with mobile that this speaks to .
Always have the same handle for text message starts such as HUMANE and all broadcast messages come from the organization with the same short code telephone number .
Frequency is also important – if people sign up for a text message then send them one soon enough so that they do n’t forget .
Another example : National Gay and Lesbian Task Force hate crimes advocacy campaign .
1 . Ask people to take action .
2 . Send them to a Mobile Commons page to enter cell , zip , click “ connect me ” and they get to talk to a legislator .
Primary goal was to get people to call in .
3 . Then ask them to opt in to mobile list .
4. Facebook app to enter mobile phone number to act now against hate crimes .
( integration )
The future :
Increase partnerships with Mobile Commons .
Think beyond email .
More testing with clients .
More work with Mobile Giving Foundation .
Next presenter : Grace Markarian , from The Humane Society of the United States ( HSUS )
Mobile Program :
Launched in 2007 .
Grew list slowly .
Initally for Canadian anti-seal slaughter campaign .
Use Mobile Commons now .
Their program lives within their Online Communications team .
About 17,500 subscribers on list .
Use mobile channel to complement other channels .
Try not to bother people unless it is urgent or fun .
Also “ get out the vote ” actions .
In - house : daily 9 - minute meetings with entire External Affairs team for updates on integrated campaigns .
How we offer signups :
part of every campaign .
send welcome email after people sign up for HSUS to ask for mobile cell number .
Facebook signup and donation app .
Future mobile plans :
Twiter bundling , aggressive recruitment through email , incorporate with print media , billboards , etc .
Real campaign : Save the Canadian Seals from HSUS
1. while people are watching and documenting the seal slaughter , they text to people about what they are watching .
2 . People on list are affected by these texts and reply to Grace about it , so it works to raise awareness
3 . Ask people to reply back and begin conversations .
4 . If peole respond to text , then they get anautomated reply to act on anothe platform ( website page ) .
This was a lesson learned from being innundated by reply texts .
Question : how really engage with mobile text and reply to them ?
( my question )
Answer : I have a mobile commons inbox where it is aggregated and I can reply to their quesitons .
Also , people can go to a site or a page where they can begin discussion on a non -mobile site .
Other thoughts from Grace at HSUS : people do seem to notice paper flyers and information and act mobilely .
HSUS Learning Curve :
State of the art tools change quickly .
Developing niche content can be challenging .
Database integration is hard .
Could be a full - time job !
” This is email and web all over again ! ”
Before you start a mobile program :
1. Research audience , peers , database integration
2 . Figure out goals : reach existing members on a new channel ?
Reach new members ?
Send content ?
Etc .
3. Sketch a plan for mobile recruitment and your first campaign .
4 . Get “ buy in ” from the top of the organization .
5 . Think about how you will integrate with all your online communications .
6 . Identify core staff who will be responsible , and time they will allocate to this .
The Spanish judge who went after Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet in 1998 has now set his sights on former members of the Bush administration , arguing that they violated international law by justifying the use of torture against suspected terrorists .
Judge Baltasar Garzón of Spain , whose international reputation for going after prominent human rights violators includes issuing the warrant for Pinochet ’s arrest in Great Britain , has recommended to prosecutors that a case be brought against six U.S. officials for actions that violated the Geneva Conventions and the 1984 Convention Against Torture .
The officials named in the current case are former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ; David Addington , chief of staff for former Vice President Dick Cheney ; former undersecretary of defense Douglas Feith ; William Haynes , who was the Pentagon ’s general counsel ; and John Yoo and Jay Bybee , both former senior Justice Department legal advisers .
A similar case was brought before Germany ’s federal prosecutor in November 2006 to pursue a case against then - Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , Gonzales and other officials for abuses committed in Guantánamo Bay and Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
But the prosecutor there declined on the grounds that the issue should be investigated in the U.S .
Legal observers say the Spanish lawsuit has a better chance of moving ahead .
The high court in Spain has more leeway than the German prosecutor to seek “ universal jurisdiction . ”
Furthermore , the current lawsuit also has a direct link to Spanish citizens , six of whom who were held at Guantánamo .
If arrests warrants are issued for the former Bush administration officials , President Barack Obama will have to decide whether to comply with an extradition order to send them to Spain .
It is unlikely that Obama would agree to such a move .
But even if he does n’t agreed to extradition , the six men would have to remain in the United States , or run the risk of being arrested in another country that would turn them over to Spain .
After Garzón asked for Pinochet ’s extradition from Great Britain , the UK government detained the former Chilean dictator for more than a year and then denied the request on the grounds that Pinochet was in poor health .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Enlarge By Allison Diaz for USA TODAY Karin Vickers , 45 , bought her Homestead , Fla. , house in 2006 .
She fears issues with tainted drywall have hurt her home 's value .
Real estate agent Felix Martinez thought he'd found his dream house when he bought the 3,500 - square - foot beauty in Homestead , Fla. , two years ago .
Then , he says , his large - screen TV mysteriously failed .
Next , the air conditioner went .
His bath towels smelled like rotten eggs .
Visitors noted an odor in the house .
Martinez says he 's suffered new sinus problems and sleep apnea .
His wife and son sneeze a lot .
The walls in the home , a recently filed class - action lawsuit alleges , were built with the same kind of Chinese - made drywall that tests have shown emit sulfur gases that corrode copper coils and electrical and plumbing components .
Similar problems have been linked to hundreds of Florida homes .
Tens of thousands of homes there and in other states could be affected , say lawyers who have filed lawsuits on behalf of Florida homeowners .
The discovery has created a firestorm that 's engulfed an international building supplier , large and small home builders and dozens of subcontractors .
The issue also has revived concerns about quality - control procedures of U.S. companies that use Chinese - made products , following episodes in recent years involving contaminated toothpaste and pet - food ingredients , lead - tainted toys and defective tires imported from China .
A leading U.S. home builder , Lennar , and a Chinese drywall manufacturer , Knauf Plasterboard Tianjin , say tests show the gases given off by the drywall pose no health hazards .
Florida regulators and the federal Consumer Product Safety Commission are investigating .
Lawyers say far more testing needs to be done .
" If it can put holes in metal coils , how do we know it does n't cause problems in children or adults ? " asks attorney Jeremy Alters of Florida - based law firm Alters Boldt Brown Rash Culmo .
Alters says he has clients who developed respiratory ailments " out of the blue " after moving into allegedly affected homes .
Knauf says Chinese drywall imports started in significant amounts in 2005 as a result of a shortage driven by the booming housing market and rebuilding after Hurricanes Katrina and Wilma .
In addition to lawsuits on behalf of Florida homeowners , a class - action lawsuit was recently filed by an Alabama home builder that has made air conditioning repairs on two dozen Alabama homes , says attorney Steven Nicholas .
A class -action lawsuit has also been filed on behalf of Louisiana homeowners .
Lawyers say they 're investigating more complaints in other states and Florida .
" We know for a fact that this product is in Virginia , Louisiana and California , " says Charles LaDuca , of Washington , D.C. - based law firm Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca .
" The breadth of the problem is just unfolding . "
Investigations began in 2004
So far , Florida is ground zero .
Up to 1,000 homes in the southern part of the state may be affected , says Jack Snider , president of American Management Resources Corp . ( AMRC ) .
Working for homeowners and builders , the environmental consulting firm has tested drywall for gases and checked homes for odors and corrosion .
AMRC first began investigating odor complaints in 2004 and found drywall to be the cause .
Because most drywall does n't identify its origin , Snyder says , it took until 2006 before foreign - made drywall became the focus .
Homeowner lawsuits allege that the drywall has corroded air conditioning and refrigerator coils , microwaves , computer wiring , faucets and copper tubing .
Tests paid for by Lennar say the drywall appears to emit sulfur gases that can damage air conditioning coils , electrical plumbing components and other material .
In one test , copper pipe turned black after four weeks when placed in a sealed container with a piece of affected drywall , according to a lawsuit filed Jan. 30 by Lennar against Knauf Gips of Germany and its Chinese affiliate , Knauf Plasterboard Tianjin , and others .
The pipe then started to corrode , Lennar says .
Lennar alleges that Knauf produced " defective " drywall .
It also says subcontractors put it in homes without Lennar 's knowledge .
Lennar has said it has more than 80 affected homes in Florida and dozens more under review .
It is relocating residents while it installs new drywall in homes .
" Lennar stands alongside its homeowners as a victim , " its lawsuit says .
Plaintiffs ' attorneys say residents have suffered a host of health issues , including rashes , new allergies , asthma and sore throats .
Along with receiving compensation , they should be monitored long - term for health issues , says attorney Ervin Gonzalez of Colson Hicks Eidson .
" This has been an economic , physical and emotional problem for victims , " he says .
Based on import records , he estimates that up to 60,000 U.S. homes may be affected , with about half in Florida .
Testing air Drywall is made from gypsum , a mineral .
Manufacturers also make synthetic gypsum by processing residues produced by coal - burning power plants .
Normally , drywall does n't smell or emit sulfur gases , says Nancy Spurlock , a spokeswoman for National Gypsum .
It does n't import drywall or ingredients from China , she says .
Lennar , which refused interview requests , says it discovered the issue after noticing frequent air conditioning problems in homes .
Its consulting firm , Environ International , tested air in 79 affected Florida homes late last year and found sulfur compounds at levels well within health and safety limits or on par with outdoor air .
Knauf 's testing firm , the Center for Toxicology and Environmental Health in Arkansas , recently tested 20 Florida homes with discolored wiring .
It found results similar to Environ 's , says toxicologist Phillip Goad , who oversaw his firm 's testing .
Levels of carbonyl sulfide were in the range of salt marsh air .
Exposure to carbon disulfide were well within safety levels set by The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health .
At higher concentrations than found in the homes , carbonyl sulfide can irritate eyes and the respiratory system , and have other effects , says Goad .
Carbon disulfide can produce symptoms including irritated eyes , headaches and fatigue .
The Consumer Product Safety Commission dispatched staffers to Florida late last month to investigate and will do health hazard testing , says spokesman Joe Martyak .
The Florida Department of Health is also testing .
Its website says it has not " identified data suggesting an imminent or chronic health hazard at this time . "
In January , the state inspected 12 homes built from 2004 through 2008 to assess possible health hazards and set up more sensitive testing protocols .
Results are pending , it says .
Mine was changed in 2006 Knauf says odor complaints about its Chinese drywall surfaced in 2006 .
Its investigation determined that the drywall smelled like drywall made from natural gypsum in China .
The drywall from one China mine used by Knauf contained iron disulfide , a naturally occurring mineral .
That would account for the smell , Goad says .
Knauf says it stopped using the mine — which other manufacturers also used — in late 2006 after the issues arose .
It says it 's being " unfairly " tainted because it labels its imported drywall from China while others do not .
Knauf says it was responsible for just 20 % of the Chinese drywall that came to the U.S. in 2006 .
It also says that Lennar has identified homes with odor and copper issues that included non-Knauf drywall .
Consultant Snider , too , says that other drywall makers " have not been as noticed as Knauf . "
Lennar and Taylor Morrison , a home builder based in Arizona with a dozen affected Florida homes , say they 're absorbing the expenses of relocating residents for the several months it can take to repair affected homes .
Lennar says it used the Chinese - made drywall in a small percentage of Florida homes built from November 2005 through November 2006 .
It 's not being used in new homes , it says .
Lennar and Taylor , both of which build homes outside of Florida , say they 're not aware of homes outside of Florida being affected .
South Kendall Construction of Florida built Martinez 's home .
The company is still assessing the situation , according to its attorney , Kieran Fallon .
It has tested several dozen Florida homes and expects about 50 to have problems , he says .
Martinez says he can't afford to rent another place while South Kendall figures out what to do .
" We 're caught between a rock and a hard place , " he says .
Karin Vickers , a 45 - year - old certified public accountant , is in the same situation .
She bought her Homestead , Fla. , home across the street from Martinez , also in 2006 , for $ 485,000 .
" I love the house , " she says .
But the air conditioning did n't work properly and was just replaced .
Her TV also failed after a year .
Her wall sockets turned black , and her bathroom smells like burned matches , she says .
Even if her house is repaired , she worries that issues could crop up again .
The real estate crash has knocked her home 's value down about one - third , Vickers estimates .
" It 's dropped more now because of this , " she says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Robots that rescue folks in disaster areas or other perilous situations are n't exactly a new idea , but this bot set to go into service in Yokohama certainly takes a more unique , and slightly more terrifying approach to the matter than usual .
Apparently , the seemingly unnamed robot can not only carry a 110 kilogram person over difficult terrain with ease , but monitor the occupant 's vital signs as well , although complete details on that , and any other technical details are a bit hard to come by at the moment .
As with most such robots , however , this one 's apparently not completely autonomous , with it packing some infrared cameras to allow its operator to locate folks even in conditions with poor visability .
No word if it 'll also be offering itself up as a capsule hotel in its days off .
Somali pirates continue their attacks against international ships in and around the Gulf of Aden , despite the deterrent of stepped - up international naval escorts and patrols - and the increased failure rate of their attacks .
Under agreements with Somalia , the U.N , and each other , ships belonging to fifteen countries now patrol the area .
Somali pirates - who have won themselves nearly $ 200 million in ransom since early 2008 - are being captured more frequently now , and handed over to authorities in Kenya , Yemen and Somalia for trial .
Collected here are some recent photos of piracy off the coast of Somalia , and the international efforts to rein it in .
( 30 photos total
__1898 : __Enzo Ferrari is born in Modena , Italy .
He 'll achieve fame as the builder of racing cars and sports cars .
" An institution is the lengthened shadow of one man , " Ralph Waldo Emerson once said , and perhaps nowhere is that more true than at Ferrari , the legendary Italian auto company that perfectly reflects the passions of its founder , Enzo Ferrari .
Few loom larger in the history of motor sports than Enzo Ferrari and the company that bears his name .
In more than 100 years of motor racing , no one can match the accomplishments – or the influence – that Il Commendatore has had on racing and sports cars .
His records are legion , his legends many , his stories timeless .
He is a singular presence , a man who during his 70 years in motor sports often made even his best rivals look like talented amateurs .
Ferrari's father , Alfredo , ran a local metal - fabricating business , and young Enzo dreamed of being an opera singer .
When he realized he had no ear for music , he pursued his other great passion : auto racing .
That passion was sparked as a boy of just 10 when he saw Vincenzo Lancia battle Felice Nazarro in the 1908 Circuit di Bologna .
It burned with ever - greater intensity for the next 80 years .
His racing career started as a driver for CMC , a little - known and long - since - defunct Italian auto company , in 1919 .
He went to Alfa Romeo a year later , developing and driving its race cars until World War II .
It was n't until 1947 that the first car to bear the Ferrari name hit the track .
The company has been racing ever since .
Two salient facts stand out regarding the impact Enzo Ferrari had on racing and sports cars , which in his mind were inextricably linked .
First , Ferrari has always employed the best drivers .
Both Ascaris : Antonio the father and Alberto the son .
Giuseppe Campari .
The mercurial Achille Varzi .
The maestro , Juan Manuel Fangio .
Phil Hill .
John Surtees .
Nino Vaccarella .
Mario Andretti .
Niki Lauda .
Alain Prost .
Gilles Villeneuve .
Michael Schumacher , who won an unprecedented five consecutive Formula 1 championships for the Scuderia .
And of course , the best that ever was : Tazio Nuvolari .
They all joined Ferrari because they knew winning was the only thing that mattered there .
Ferrari sought more than victory .
He sought utter domination of the sport .
And he did so only with his own cars , designed to his exacting specifications and often , like the 250 GTO , beautiful to behold .
More often than not they had big V - 12 engines with an exhaust note that sounded like tearing silk .
Sure , Ferraris have raced – and won – with V - 10s and V - 8 s .
Even a V - 6 appeared in the Dino , but the company is most famous for its beautiful 12 - cylinder engines .
Ferrari considered engine building an art , and to race someone else 's engine – as builders like Colin Chapman and Bruce McLaren did with great success – was the ultimate heresy .
Ferrari had names for such people – Garagiste !
Assembliatore ! – and he used them like epithets .
The second fact is Ferrari is unique among car manufacturers .
Automakers go racing so they can sell more cars .
Ferrari sells cars so it can go racing .
It 's been that way since the first road - going Ferrari , the 166 Inter , was built in 1949 .
More than 36 percent of the sale price of every Ferrari that leaves a showroom goes directly to the F1 team .
It used to be 100 percent before Ferrari partnered with Fiat in 1969 .
No other automaker – not Porsche , not Lamborghini , not Jaguar or Aston Martin , and certainly not such prosaic companies like Detroit 's Big Three or the Japanese automakers – approach that level of commitment .
For Enzo Ferrari and the company he built , racing is , and always will be , the fundamental reason for its existence .
That 's not to say Ferrari does n't build sweet road cars .
One after another , they 've set benchmarks for performance and become classics sought by collectors .
The Inter .
The America and Superamerica touring with their big V - 12 engines .
The 250 Lusso , one of the most beautiful cars Pininfarina ever designed .
The California , Daytona and the exquisite Dino , named for Ferrari 's son who died of muscular dystrophy at age 24 .
The F40 , the first street - legal production car to exceed 200 mph .
More recently , we 've seen the Enzo , which is for all intents an F1 car for the street , and the technological marvel that is the F430 .
These cars perform flawlessly on the road because they were bred on the track , just as Enzo insisted .
Such performance and exclusivity is why Ferrari , even in these uncertain economic times , still sells every car it builds to customers who will happily wait months , if not years , to get one .
Enzo Ferrari died in 1988 at his home in Maranello , which sat in the infield of Fiorano , his company 's private test track .
Source : Various
A BLACK pupil walked out of school in protest after the ' racially offensive ' novel he is studying for a GCSE was read aloud in class .
Tinashe Makunike said he felt uncomfortable at the use of racist language in the classic To Kill A Mockingbird .
The novel is taught in schools across the country .
Critics regard it as an anti-racist novel which exposes prejudice in Depression - era America .
But 16 - year - old Tinashe , a prefect and the only black student in his class at Holy Family College in Heywood , near Rochdale , says reading the book in class made him feel ' inferior and undermined ' as he had experienced racist taunts at the school .
He walked out after a drama company acted out scenes from the text using the word 'n*****'.
Alternative
He had already complained about studying it and his requests to read an alternative text were refused .
Published in 1960 , the novel recounts the fictional trial of a black worker in an American small town who is wrongly accused of attacking a white woman .
Author Harper Lee won the Pulitzer Prize for the novel , which was turned into an Oscar - winning film , starring Geregory Peck as the liberal lawyer Atticus Finch .
Teachers argue that the book is highly critical of racism and the point of studying it is to challenge racism .
But Tinashe , from Heywood , said : " My mum explained to the teachers that I was n't happy about it , but I still had to sit through a drama where people were using those words .
" People speak like that in real life but we can study that in history or politics , there is no need to make up fictional stories about it .
Impact
" Books like this do nothing to alleviate or reduce racism but have contributed negatively to the school community with me getting the worst impact of its negativity .
" This type of book only creates and incites insights hate , violence and racism among races due to terms used in them , which are grossly degrading .
" Times have changed .
Racist fiction should be buried in the past . "
Tinashe said that after he complained , a pupil reading the book out in class was told to apologise to him after a character in the novel used racist language .
The teenager , who is studying eight GCSEs and some advanced exams , recently started attending lessons following a 10 - day walkout .
His class have finished To Kill A Mocking Bird , but he will still have to study it for his GCSE exam .
Disobeyed
Tinashe has been at the school for four years and until this incident had a good record .
Last Friday he was excluded following unconnected allegations that he disobeyed his teacher .
He refutes the accusation .
Tinashe 's family are backing him .
Mum Thelma said : " He asked the English teacher to say that the terms used were not right .
The teacher asked if he would like to use another word such as black .
" It was not necessary to put him in that position .
I said to the headteacher that it would n't make any difference because in literature you have to quote the words as they are and therefore if you change it , it is pointless .
" Such books should be banned .
This has affected his grades because he was getting A stars and his grades have now gone down to C and D because of pressure . "
Sensitively
Headteacher Susan Casey said her staff had approached the subject sensitively and any incidents of racism in the school had been dealt with severely .
She said : " While the student was not able to have a choice of which two books he studied because this decision was teacher - led , we did inform the student ahead of him reading To Kill A Mocking Bird of its prejudicial nature and that it did contain a racially offensive word .
" Both texts allow teachers to address issues of prejudice so our students can gain a better understanding of its historical context .
If the student felt uncomfortable at any time he had the option to approach me or his English teacher so we could discuss it .
" We are extremely concerned about the student 's education as he has not attended lessons since scenes from To Kill A Mocking Bird were staged in school by an outside theatre company .
" We have a duty to provide education to our young people , but we do have a clear attendance policy and we are concerned by the student 's absence as he is at a pivotal point in his GCSE education . "
Two places on opposite sides of Earth may hold the secret to how the moon was born .
NASA 's twin Solar Terrestrial Relations Observatory ( STEREO ) spacecraft are about to enter these zones , known as the L4 and L5 Lagrangian points , each centered about 93 million miles away along Earth 's orbit .
[ image - 50 ]
The STEREO spacecraft are entering the L4 and L5 Lagrangian point regions .
L4 and L5 are where the combined gravity of the sun and Earth balance the forces from the object 's orbital motion .
Scientists believe these places may hold small asteroids which could be leftovers from the formation of the solar system .
STEREO will be imaging these regions in an attempt to detect these asteroids .
› View video
› Download video
As rare as free parking in New York City , L4 and L5 are among the special points in our solar system around which spacecraft and other objects can loiter .
They are where the gravitational pull of a nearby planet or the sun balances the forces from the object 's orbital motion .
Such points closer to Earth are sometimes used as spaceship " parking lots " , like the L1 point a million miles away in the direction of the sun .
They are officially called Libration points or Lagrangian points after Joseph - Louis Lagrange , an Italian - French mathematician who helped discover them .
L4 and L5 are where an object 's motion can be balanced by the combined gravity of the sun and Earth .
" These places may hold small asteroids , which could be leftovers from a Mars - sized planet that formed billions of years ago , " said Michael Kaiser , Project Scientist for STEREO at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. " According to Edward Belbruno and Richard Gott at Princeton University , about 4.5 billion years ago when the planets were still growing , this hypothetical world , called Theia , may have been nudged out of L4 or L5 by the increasing gravity of the other developing planets like Venus and sent on a collision course with Earth .
The resulting impact blasted the outer layers of Theia and Earth into orbit , which eventually coalesced under their own gravity to form the moon . "
This theory is a modification of the " giant impact " theory of the moon 's origin , which has become the dominant theory because it explains some puzzling properties of the moon , such as its relatively small iron core .
According to giant impact , at the time of the collision , the two planets were large enough to be molten , so heavier elements , like iron , sank to their centers to form their cores .
The impact stripped away the outer layers of the two worlds , which contained mostly lighter elements , like silicon .
Since the moon formed from this material , it is iron - poor .
STEREO will look for asteroids with a wide - field - of - view telescope that 's part of the Sun Earth Connection Coronal and Heliospheric Investigation instrument .
Any asteroid will probably appear as just a point of light .
Like a picky person circling the mall for the perfect parking space , the asteroids orbit the L4 or L5 points .
The team will be able to tell if a dot is an asteroid because it will shift its position against stars in the background as it moves in its orbit .
The team is inviting the public to participate in the search by viewing the data and filing a report at : http://sungrazer.nrl.navy.mil
Kaiser said , " If we discover the asteroids have the same composition as the Earth and moon , it will support Belbruno and Gott 's version of the giant impact theory .
The asteroids themselves could well be left - over from the formation of the solar system .
Also , the L4/L5 regions might be the home of future Earth - impacting asteroids . "
[ image - 69 ]
Analysis of lunar rocks brought to Earth by the Apollo missions reveal that they have the same isotopes ( heavier versions of an element ) as terrestrial rocks .
Scientists believe that the sun and the worlds of our solar system formed out of a cloud of gas and dust that collapsed under its gravity .
The composition of this primordial cloud changed with temperature .
Since the temperature decreased with distance from the sun , whatever created the moon must have formed in the same orbital location as Earth in order for them to have the same isotope composition .
In a planetary version of " the rich get richer " , Earth 's gravity should have swept up most of the material in its orbit , leaving too little to create our large moon or another planet like Theia .
" However , computer models by Belbruno and Gott indicate that Theia could have grown large enough to produce the moon if it formed in the L4 or L5 regions , where the balance of forces allowed enough material to accumulate , " said Kaiser .
The STEREO spacecraft are designed to give 3D views of space weather by observing the sun from two points of view and combining the images in the same way your eyes work together to give a 3D view of the world .
STEREO " A " is moving slightly ahead of Earth and will pass through L4 , and STEREO " B " is moving slightly behind Earth and will pass through L5 .
" Taking the time to observe L4 and L5 is kind of cool because it 's free .
We 're going through there anyway -- we 're moving too fast to get stuck , " said Kaiser .
" In fact , after we pass through these regions , we will see them all the time because our instruments will be looking back through them to observe the sun – they will just happen to be in our field of view . "
Although L4 and L5 are just points mathematically , their region of influence is huge – about 50 million miles along the direction of Earth 's orbit , and 10 million miles along the direction of the sun .
It will take several months for STEREO to pass through them , with STEREO A making its closest pass to L4 in September , and STEREO B making its closest pass to L5 in October .
" L4 or L5 are excellent places to observe space weather .
With both the sun and Earth in view , we could track solar storms and watch them evolve as they move toward Earth .
Also , since we could see sides of the sun not visible from Earth , we would have a few days warning before stormy regions on the solar surface rotate to become directed at Earth , " said Kaiser .
Related Link :
› Goddard Press Release
The Zimbabwean dollar has virtually disappeared from the streets
Zimbabwe 's national currency will remain suspended for at least a year following the legalisation of foreign currencies , officials say .
" There was nothing to support the value of the Zimbabwean dollar , " Economic Planning Minister Elton Mangoma said .
Since January use of foreign currency has been allowed , to combat hyper-inflation that had left even top-value Zimbabwe dollar notes worthless .
Since the move , consumer prices have fallen for three months in a row .
Consumer prices are currently falling by 3 % month - on - month , the Central Statistical Office ( CSO ) said using figures collated in March .
In February , prices fell by 3.1 % according to the CSO .
The power - sharing government led by Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has prioritised rebuilding the devastated Zimbabwe economy since taking office in February .
State - controlled Sunday Mail newspaper said the government had decided the Zimbabwe dollar should be brought back only when industrial output returns to about 60 % capacity from the current average of 20 % .
Critics of veteran leader Robert Mugabe blame him for mismanaging the economic affairs of the country and for the collapse of its water , sanitation and health systems .
An outbreak of cholera last August has killed about 4,000 people , though the World Health Organisation says the peak of the outbreak may have been passed now .
The international community has been helping Zimbabwe cope with its cholera epidemic , but most development aid is being withheld until signs of effective power sharing are deemed apparent .
A reader writes :
After my college years , I gave up smoking pot for many reasons ; I wanted to stay healthy during my pregnancies and subsequent breast feeding of 3 children , I had a husband in the medical profession who was paranoid about getting caught , I was teaching Sunday School , singing in the church choir , and most of our friends had given it up .
We drank a whole lot of wine in those days .
Well .
Now all the kids are off at college , I have a new husband who is a good deal more fun than the last , and my circle of friends has gotten younger and more adventurous .
We keep a small box of the finest bud hidden behind the sweaters in the closet and have a smoke every now and then in the evenings .
Life is even more hilarious , and if we do n't overdo it , it ramps up our sex life in interesting ways .
When the kids come home for spring break or Christmas , after we have said goodnight and retired for the evening , my husband and I hang our heads outside the bathroom window , take a toke , use mouthwash , spray Citrus Magic , and hope the kids do n't notice .
Another writes :
My neighbor has occasional PEP ( Parents Enjoying Pot ) parties at her half - million dollar suburban home in a large Midwestern city .
Always mid-morning , so these mothers have time to clear their heads in time to go grocery shopping and pick up their kids at school by 3:00 pm .
It 's funny to see the long line of shiny SUVs parked in front of her house .
Me ?
I do n't partake in those because I work during the day , and I do n't enjoy the group vibe anyway .
But I do enjoy smoking on a Friday or Saturday night -- after the kids are in bed -- as a way to unwind after a long week at my white - collar job .
It 's not unusual for me to smoke the night before a 20 - mile run or 75 - mile bike ride that starts at 6:00 am the next day .
As an age - group endurance athlete , I 've competed in dozens of marathons and long - course triathlons .
For me , the biggest danger with the pot is that it makes me thirsty for a Jack and Coke .
Another :
I am the technical officer for a small company and also a published fiction author , so it ’s not like smoking has prevented me from accomplishing a great number of things .
I first tried marijuana when I was 23 and smoked somewhat regularly until the past year when I turned 35 .
Not because I think it ’s wrong , but because I have a 1 year old child with another on the way .
I do n’t think there ’s anything wrong with parents having a joint , but only if there ’s proper care for your children .
I do n’t want to be high if my child needs to be rushed to the hospital in the middle of the night .
I can guarantee you when our children are old enough to spend a weekend with the grandparents , my wife and I will gladly light one up .
Another :
My husband and I are both successful , responsible citizens and parents to two teenagers .
I have smoked pot occasionally since high school - always thinking on those occasions that I really should do it more often .
In the last ten years I have rarely smoked because of my guilt / paranoia that my kids would find out - because , after all , I have to disparage the evil weed for fear of them associating with an illegal substance .
Mind you I 'm not fearful of them trying it - only of them getting caught - and having it ruin their plans for the future .
Now I use alcohol to relax / wind down .
My husband , on the other hand , still enjoys a hit or two on a pretty regular basis .
Boy I can't tell you how much I reflect on the situation wherein my husband comes up from the garage relaxed , mellow and jovial and I am tired , sullen and maybe sloppy - not to mention the extra calories I 'm taking in .
Another :
I ’m a mid-20s “ young professional , ” working for the local political arm of a national non-profit organization .
My group of friends and I are no strangers to marijuana .
The dozen or so of us who spend time together regularly imbibe both alcohol and marijuana to varying degrees , and most of us have been toking up since high school .
I ’ve recently slowed down my marijuana intake , for various reasons .
I just do n’t like the high anymore  it can be overwhelming and turns me into an apathetic zombie .
But I am , quite frankly , petrified of the possible consequences .
I have a 15 - month - old son with a previous girlfriend .
We now share custody and , while we get along pretty well ( and have even toked up together in the past ) , I ’m scared as hell of the possibility that , one day , for whatever reason , my occasional marijuana habit will catch up with me in a court of law and affect my custody / visitation of my wonderful son , whom I love more than I ever thought possible .
I ’ve never used marijuana around or while in possession of my son , nor will I ever .
I ’m not into any harder drugs , nor are any of my friends , and I ’ve never had such an urge .
A big part of my intake reduction has been an increase in personal responsibility and productivity , and I ’m proud of that and take it very seriously .
But sometimes , especially after reading some other “ Marijuana Closet ” testimonies , I do n’t feel comfortable around the stuff , even if I ’m not partaking  and I ’m around it a lot .
A single random drug screening or police raid of a party could legally evaporate my relationship with my young son , even though I ’m doing everything else right and nothing else wrong .
Another :
I have been a lifelong cannabis user , on an almost daily basis since I was in high school .
I am now the managing partner of a very successful law firm in the Washington , D.C. area .
I have been in a professional law practice for almost 27 years .
I work 60 + hours a week , and all of that hard work has translated into high levels of annual income .
I still get high after work , almost every day -- but my habit does not compel me to get high before work ( I can't even imagine why anybody would do that ) .
My children had no idea that I was a pot - smoker when they started smoking themselves in high school -- by their account , they were terrified that my wife and I would find out and ground them ( or worse ) if we knew they were using drugs like pot .
Little did they know .
Cannabis , like all recreational substances , does not have the same effect on all people , and a lot of that depends on how it is used and the basic personalities of the users .
One of the biggest elephants in the closet of United States is the reality that 50 - 100 Million Americans ( or more ) smoke pot illegally .
Parents from coast to coast hide this from their children and their peers , for fear of what disclosure might lead to .
When my daughters were in their late teens , we came clean told them about our own use of cannabis with absolute honesty .
We have since smoked together , and have shared experiences ( such as visiting Holland ) that involve or relate to cannabis usage .
And as a result , I have a more honest relationship with my children than 99 % or more of the people I know .
It has led to better understanding between us than we have ever had as a family , and which gets better and better as each day passes .
Yet somehow , I suspect Family Circle , Good Housekeeping , and the evangelical right would be horrified if they heard this story , and would view me as somebody who should be punished for the behavior involved .
Their heads would literally explode at the notion of a parent - smoking pot with a child ( while at the same time feeling no remorse or ambiguity about the beer or champagne the family passed around on Junior 's 21st birthday ) .
The hypocrisy is staggering .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
In a decision that is likely to alarm file - sharers worldwide , an almost empty French National Assembly has finally voted through its " three strikes law " designed to clamp down on file - sharing and illegal downloads .
This was despite the guerilla warfare waged against these proposals over the last few months by a handful of Deputies on the right ( Lionel Tardy , Alain Suguenot ) , centre ( Jean Dionis du Séjour ) and left ( Christian Paul , Patrick Bloche , Martine Billard ) .
A clearly scandalised Jean Dionis du Séjour railed at the poor attendance for this key measure , as , he claimed , just one in forty deputies bothered to turn up for the final debate .
The provisions are included in a law on the distribution of works and the protection of rights with respect to the internet .
The law is also referred to as the loi Hadopi , because it creates a " High Authority " ( Haute autorité pour la diffusion des œuvres et la protection des droits sur Internet ) , which will in future be charged with monitoring and regulating the use of the internet in France .
The principle behind the law is simple .
Anyone suspected of illegal downloading of material on the internet will receive two letters : a first and a second warning .
The first warning will recommend that the user check to make sure that no one is surfing on the back of an unsecured Wi -Fi connection : but it will also point out that it is the subscriber ’s responsibility to make sure their net access is properly safeguarded .
Being hijacked will not be an excuse in the eyes of the law .
If the user chooses to ignore the first letter , and they are detected illegally downloading material within the next six months , a second letter may follow .
Finally , if illegal downloading occurs within the year following the second letter , the Hadopi can then decide to suspend internet access for a period of time ranging from one month to a year .
The ultimate decision rests with the Haute Autorité , which may cut off subscribers - but does not have to .
This is because the government does not wish to see businesses and institutions placed in a position where a national enterprise could suddenly find itself deprived of internet access because of the illegal activities of one or two of its managers .
This apparent double standard has already led some Deputies to express concern .
Introduction
Five and a half years ago , AMD launched its Athlon 64 processor lineup , extolling the benefits of 64 - bit computing and what it ’d mean for the future .
It did n’t take Intel long to follow suit on the desktop .
From there , the infrastructure — the operating systems and drivers — began falling into place to support more 64 - bit software .
Today , 64 - bit compatibility is almost a given .
In fact , in the business space , where 64 - bit computing has always been seen to have the most promise , applications have emerged that will only run in 64 - bit .
Even Small Business Server 2008 , a relatively entry - level operating environment for businesses with up to 75 users , is now 64 - bit - only due to its inclusion of Exchange Server 2007 .
Why did Microsoft make the executive decision to launch its latest messaging platform exclusively in 64 - bit trim ?
According to a blog post by Chris Mitchell in Microsoft ’s Exchange Performance Engineering Team , the application uses 64 - bit addressing to get its virtual hands on more system memory , preventing repeated trips back and forth to disk .
In Chris ’ example , an older version of Exchange might have access to 900 MB of a 32 - bit server ’s 4 GB ceiling .
In a 4,000 - user enterprise , that 's 225 KB of RAM per user — not nearly enough for all of the messages , rules , calendar entries , and contacts in a typical mailbox .
Moving to 64 - bit and upgrading servers to 10s of gigabytes ( Chris ’ recommendation in that same 4,000 - user business is 24 GB ) softens the load on storage .
But desktops are n’t nearly as hard - up for memory , right ?
We expected 64 - bit computing to trickle down from the enterprise , but gamers want to know : where is the benefit from this technology today ?
Going To 64 - Bit : Because You Can …
Enthusiasts running Socket AM2 / AM2 + platforms commonly go with 2 GB or 4 GB memory kits .
After all , even though DDR2 memory is cheap , 4 GB is still the enthusiast norm — 8 GB is closer to workstation - class .
But when you buy a Core i7 - based machine and step up to a triple - channel arrangement , it just does n’t make sense to slide back the other direction and populate with three 1 GB modules .
And so now you ’re looking at 6 GB and a forced move to 64 - bit computing if you want to actually use all of that memory .
… Or Because You Have To
Oh that ’s right — I almost forgot .
In case you 've been living under a rock since AMD started preaching its 64 - bit message , the fundamental limit on how much RAM a 32 - bit operating system can see is 4 GB ( 2^32 ) .
Anything more simply wo n’t show up as installed memory .
Once you factor in device addressing , the magic number actually drops below 4 GB .
That ’s why it ’s common for 32 - bit systems with 4 GB to report 3 GB plus change in the Windows Device Manager .
It ’s not a Windows problem , though .
Rather , that ’s just how x86 architecture works .
Update : A bit of clarification on the above point -- the issue of not seeing a full 4 GB of memory in Microsoft 's consumer operating systems is shared between hardware and software vendors .
The inability of a 32 - bit Windows OS like XP or Vista to use the full 4 GB stems from compatibility issues with older chipsets , as indicated in this paper from HP , preventing devices from being mapped high .
Thanks to reader nater for his feedback response on the matter .
Workarounds for reclaiming that lost memory have been introduced , of course .
Intel ’s Physical Address Extensions enabled 36 - bit physical address tables , which did help in server environments by upping maximum memory size to 64 GB .
However , according to a presentation given by Chuck Walbourn , senior software design engineer in Microsoft ’s XNA Developer Connection at Gamefest 2008 , PAE never really worked the way it should in with desktop operating systems , which would have needed to map the 4 GB virtual address space into the greater physical space .
Drivers were the main problem , he said .
They had application compatibility problems , assuming they always had 32 - bits with which to work , not 36 .
In addition to the 32 - bit physical address lines , you ’re also limited to 32 - bits of virtual address space .
Because one bit is reserved for shared kernel memory ( used by all processes and the operating system ) , individual applications only have access to a maximum of 2 GB of private address space .
Suddenly , you ’re facing limitations that just might have a more profound impact on a desktop machine .
Could taking the 64 - bit plunge today actually make a significant difference in your gaming experience ?
That ’s what we ’ve set out to explore .
Well , I guess the atheist bus ad strategy is catching on .
Though someone was definitely not thinking strategically in this case .
Not only are there now bus ads for Islam , they ’re appearing on buses in San Francisco …
Two immediate thoughts :
First of all , I better not hear of any atheist protesting those signs being allowed on the buses .
If we want our ads on buses , we need to support free speech for them , too .
Secondly , that sign is * so* ineffective .
Atheists are clearly much better at designing catchy , welcoming , pleasant bus advertising 🙂
Good for us .
Not only that , but if you go to the website in question , the gay people in San Francisco will be happily enlightened , I ’m sure :
What Does Islam Say About Homosexuality ? …
Islam teaches that homosexual acts are sinful and punishable by God .
This teaching comes not from human beings , but from the Creator of all humans .
God tells us in His own words how He punished the people of Lot for their homosexual behaviour .
Yep .
I ’m convinced .
I ’m sure the gay people are , too .
Anyone else ready to convert ?
…
What other religious advertising will we see in the near future ?
Where would be a good place ( or not - so - good place ) for that religion to advertise ?
( via Zomblog )
ATLANTA — Contrary to common stereotypes , individuals with major mental disorders are more likely to become victims of violent crimes when they are experiencing an increase in symptoms than they are to commit crime , according to a new study by Brent Teasdale , an assistant professor of criminal justice at Georgia State University .
Teasdale found that patients experiencing delusions , hallucinations and worsening symptoms generally are most likely to become victims of violence .
In addition , individuals with mental disorders are particularly vulnerable for victimization during times of homelessness and when suffering from alcohol abuse .
" They actually have higher rates of victimization than they have of violence commission , which I think is counter to the stereotype that highly symptomatic , obviously delusional , visibly mentally disordered people are dangerous , unpredictable and violent , " Teasdale said .
" There 's no one size fits all approach to these delusions , but the odds of victimization are multiplied almost by a factor of two when a person experiences these delusions . "
Teasdale analyzed data from the MacArthur Violence Risk Assessment Study , a longitudinal study of psychiatric patients released from three psychiatric hospitals in Pittsburgh , Pa. , Kansas City , Mo. , and Worchester , Mass .
During the MacArthur study , participants were interviewed every 10 weeks for one year about violence committed against them , stress , symptoms and social relationships .
When individuals with mental disorders experience increases in delusions , symptom severity and alcohol problems they may be more focused on their internal states and have fewer cognitive resources available to devote to interactions with other people , Teasdale said .
Other research suggests that victimization happens because caretakers may be driven away , leaving the disordered unprotected .
" If the stigma is that those are people we need to protect ourselves from , one of the ways in which we might do that is self defensive violence .
We might strike first and that would lead to the victimization of these folks , " Teasdale said .
" If there 's a person that could intercede before that happens , that may be one strategy for reducing victimization risk . "
The findings of the study are important for clinicians who must pay attention to warning signs of worsening disorders as potential risk markers for violent behavior committed by their client , Teasdale said .
They could also aid in the creation of assessment tools that focus on victimization risk and classes that better educate families about caring for the mentally ill .
Clinicians also could provide clients suggestions for reducing victimization risk when they notice patients exhibiting greater than usual symptoms , Teasdale said .
For instance , during these times clinicians may recommend spending less time in public spaces , increases in guardianship or mandated community treatment programs .
" Most of us know people who have mental disorders .
These are our family members and our friends and so we should care about their victimization experience , " Teasdale said .
" The stereotypes persist because people are unaware of the victimization risk to people with mental illness .
If they learned that victimization risk were higher than the violence commission rates , I think that would help alleviate some of that stigma and help people think about people with mental disorders in a different way . "
The study , " Mental Disorder and Violent Victimization , " was published in the 2009 edition of Criminal Justice and Behavior .
Source : Georgia State University
Technology.am ( Apr. 5 , 2009 ) — Google Voice is a service that gives you one number for all your phones , voicemail that is easy as email , and many enhanced calling features like call blocking and screening , voicemail transcripts , call conferencing , international calls , and more .
And lest we forget , Google Voice will be a free service .
Google Voice is available now but only for existing GrandCentral users but will be open to new users soon .
With Google Voice , you ’ll get all your voicemails in one place , saved for as long as you want .
If you do n’t answer a call to your Google number , your callers will be sent to your Google voicemail .
You can check messages by calling your Google number , by signing in to Google Voice , or by opting in to receive notifications .
Google Voice will have the following cool features :
It would be unlikely for the chief scientific adviser to the British Government to be a crackpot , one whose opinions could be dismissed as frivolous ?
You would have thought so .
And Professor Beddington was n't alone in the general tenor of his views , was he ?
No .
He was not .
Two weeks ago , four CSIRO scientists — while stressing they did not speak for the CSIRO — appeared before the Senate inquiry into carbon emissions .
Not only did they say the Australian response was inadequate , one of their number , Dr Michael Raupach , said : " Well , I think that the scientific community as a whole , including every climate scientist that I know in CSIRO , is of the view that first , climate change is a very serious problem , and second , that global strategies at the moment are inadequate . "
And so , says the voice from a future that has seen Professor Beddington 's prediction come true , what did you do ?
The answer , for most of us , is pretty much nothing .
By now , some readers of this article are screaming : what if Professor Beddington and those like him are wrong ?
They will be citing scientists supporting their own view and I can't argue with their science any more than I can argue with Professor Beddington's .
There 'll always be an expert with another view .
Does that mean I have no voice at all when ( a ) I do have a voice and ( b ) I am no less qualified than many of those already participating vigorously in the debate .
What do I know ?
I know that 25 years ago , when I came to live in Victoria , it sold itself as the Garden State .
Look at the garden state now .
In December , I went to Lake Bolac in western Victoria , passing a relatively new sign on the edge of town saying " home of aquatic sports " and other relatively new signs telling you where to back your boat in — but there was no water in the lake .
I hear voices saying that maybe the lake has been dry before .
Maybe it has .
But in the past three years , Lake Bolac has also had its highest and lowest temperatures ever recorded there , plus its first tornado , which left wheat silos lying about like crunched - up beer cans .
Driving around Victoria over the past decade , I have seen it getting drier and drier .
Then , on February 7 , we had the fires .
I have had it put to me that the Victorian bushfires of 1851 were worse .
Maybe , in some respects , they were , and there are all sorts of reasons for that .
But , more saliently , when the bushfire of 1851 occurred , was the top half of Australia inundated with record flooding rains ?
Were there reports coming in from around the world of corresponding climate abnormalities ?
This month , we have again had the debate over asylum seekers .
To date , it has seemed remarkably like the debate that swept the Howard government to a second term .
But if Professor Beddington is correct , if countries such as India and China experience significant shortages of food and water , we could , within a decade , have a world in which hundreds of millions of people are on the move .
Current political debate would also suggest that the idea of growth economics is still a political virtue .
As a reality , it may already be in the past .
The potential issues now facing us are almost unimaginable in their range and complexity .
The political problems are immense .
If you accept that the burning of fossil fuels on a massive daily scale is the principal agent of climate change , you are then confronted with the fact that this practice is intertwined with an enormous range of contemporary human activities , ranging from industry to sport , from medicine to housing .
That 's a lot of people with an interest in the status quo and , in consequence , a lot of political inertia and obfuscation .
British law is ultimately based on the notion of the reasonable man .
I think a reasonable man would conclude from the data now appearing before him from around the globe that he has serious cause for concern about the environment .
Most people , in my experience , now admit that something is " going on " with the weather .
Asked if they think dramatic changes are on the way , they say : " Maybe , but not in my lifetime . "
But what sort of an attitude is that ?
I have a granddaughter who will be 21 in 2030 .
What am I going to give her for her 21st ?
Only this , perhaps .
Before I speak on the climate change , I will remind myself that this is not a media game , that there is a high seriousness to this debate now , that I am — we all are — answerable to the future .
We may be in a recession , but according to Gordon Brown , that 's all the more reason to invest in science and maths education .
In a speech in Oxford today , Brown pledged to increase the number of students taking maths A level from the current 56,000 to 86,000 in 2014 , and to make sure that 90 % of state schools teach physics , chemistry and biology as separate subjects , also by 2014 .
The measures are meant to help ensure Britain 's future competitiveness , and ease its over - dependence on financial services , which have got us into this mess in the first place .
Some of the losers of the recession , those who have lost their jobs but have maths , science and IT degrees , are to be encouraged and supported to take up teaching , to tackle the lack of specialist teachers in these subjects .
Brown also pledged to encourage a positive public debate about science in order to improve the public 's understanding of its role in society .
Find out more with BBC News and in The Guardian articles Gordon Brown announces plan to boost school science and Brown pledges support for redundant graduates to retrain as science teachers .
( CNN ) -- Everything about Jupiter is super - sized , including its colorful , turbulent atmosphere .
But there 's fresh evidence that one of the planet 's most recognizable features , the Great Red Spot , is shrinking .
NASA 's Cassini spacecraft photographed Jupiter and its Great Red Spot , seen center near the equator , in 2000 .
The spot , which is actually an ancient monster storm that measures about three Earths across , lost 15 percent of its diameter between 1996 and 2006 , scientists at the University of California , Berkeley , have found .
It shrank by about 1 kilometer ( about 0.6 miles ) a day during that time period , said Xylar Asay - Davis , a postdoctoral researcher who was part of the study .
Astronomers have observed for years that the clouds of the Great Red Spot have been waning , but this newest research focused on the motion of the storm -- a much more reliable way to measure its size , Asay - Davis said .
He and fellow Berkeley researchers Philip Marcus , Imke de Pater , Michael Wong and Sushil Shetty developed software that tracked the movement of the spot 's cloud patterns over long periods of time .
" It 's not just the motion of the spot as a whole object .
Within it , it has a very complicated swirl to it -- sort of a thin ring on the outside and then a sort of quiet area in the center -- and that shape of it has been changing over time , " Asay - Davis said .
" What we actually look at is where the winds are the strongest in the vortex .
It 's the ring where they 're the strongest , and that ring has been shrinking over time . "
The findings have been submitted for publication in Icarus , the International Journal of Solar System Studies .
See photos of the other planets and find out what makes them stand out »
What makes it red ?
The researchers do not know why the storm is shrinking .
In fact , little is known about the Great Red Spot at all .
Even the exact cause of its distinctive color is a mystery .
" We do n't actually know what causes any of the colors on Jupiter , " said Amy Simon - Miller , chief of the Planetary Systems Lab at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center .
" One of the leading theories is that [ the storm ] is dredging up stuff from much deeper below in the atmosphere that turns red when it 's exposed to sunlight . "
The spot is n't always bright red ; sometimes it 's actually quite pale , Simon - Miller noted .
Astronomers have been tracking it since the 1870s , said Glenn Orton , a senior research scientist at NASA'S Jet Propulsion Laboratory who investigates planetary atmospheres .
It is possible that the spot may one day disappear , he added .
" It 's just a storm that , like many things , has a natural growth and disintegration rate , " Orton said .
Astronomers see a dramatic difference in the spot 's shape when comparing photos of Jupiter taken more than a century ago to recent images of the planet .
Orton joked that the Great Red Spot used to be so long that its acronym should have stood for the " Great Red Sausage . "
" I just happened to look at an old picture and said to myself , ' That looks like a breakfast sausage . '
It 's very long .
I mean , if you look at one of those pictures back from then and a picture now , you think , ' My God , this thing is going on a diet , " Orton said .
Now eye - shaped , the spot is expected to become circular by about 2040 , he added .
Chemical stew
The storm is a fascinating feature on a fascinating planet .
It has some of the characteristics of a hurricane on Earth , including a circular motion and strong winds .
They 're Jupiter - strength inside the spot , with some gusting up to 400 miles per hour , Simon - Miller said .
Unlike hurricanes on Earth , which are low - pressure systems , the Great Red Spot is a high - pressure system , so it 's more stable -- one of the reasons it has lasted so long , she added .
Another factor in its longevity is that there is no land on Jupiter to slow a storm in the way landfalls cause hurricanes to lose steam on Earth .
Jupiter 's atmosphere of colorful dots , swirls and bands may look like an impressionist painting from above , but it would quickly lose its beauty on closer approach .
The clouds visible from space consist of ammonia ice and ammonium hydrosulfide -- a sort of smoggy chemical stew -- and the conditions below are brutal , especially inside the Great Red Spot .
" The winds are so strong , everything would get pulled apart pretty quickly .
There 's no surface to stand on and look up at it , " Simon - Miller said .
Probes sent by NASA towards the interior of the planet have been crushed by the gas giant 's enormous atmospheric pressure .
Still , the images of Jupiter and its Great Red Spot mesmerize astronomers .
" The pictures are just so beautiful , and they 're different every single time we look , " Simon - Miller said .
All About Astronomy • NASA • Unmanned Space Exploration
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
HOLLYWOOD 's bible , Variety magazine , always refers to France as Gaul , a “ land of wine , baguettes and amour ” .
But America 's media industry may soon start taking France more seriously .
The French government is trying to pass a harsh new law that would cut off internet access for people who download pirated music and films .
Media bosses reckon other countries might follow suit .
France 's proposed law would create a new government agency called HADOPI to police the internet on behalf of copyright owners .
It would force internet - service providers ( ISPs ) to reveal the identities of users downloading copyrighted material , and would send them two warnings : the first by e-mail , the second by registered letter .
If users continued to download such material , the ISP would cut off their broadband access for up to a year and put them on a blacklist to stop them subscribing elsewhere .
HADOPI was due to start sending out warnings in July .
But on April 9th , in a surprise vote , the lower house of France 's parliament rejected the law .
Only 15 members of President Nicolas Sarkozy 's ruling UMP party , which wrote the bill , turned up for the final vote , which is usually just a matter of procedure — both houses of parliament had already approved the law 's main elements .
At the last moment a group of Socialist members rushed in to oppose it , resulting in a 21 - 15 defeat .
According to Libération , a French newspaper , the Socialists had hidden behind heavy curtains in the entrance to the parliamentary chamber .
Opponents of the law hope this defeat might be enough to kill it .
The low turnout by the UMP , they argue , suggests that many in Mr Sarkozy 's own party are afraid of backing a measure that is highly unpopular , particularly among young people .
Music and film companies , meanwhile , are confident that the law will eventually pass .
Mr Sarkozy is determined to push it through parliament later this month .
He first met his wife , Carla Bruni , a musician who has supported the law , at a presentation of a report on internet piracy by Denis Olivennes , former boss of Fnac , a retailer .
Mr Olivennes 's report led directly to the HADOPI law .
Even if it is adopted , argues Pierre Kosciusko - Morizet , the head of ACSEL , a group representing French internet firms , the new law will be ineffective .
Downloaders will sign up for anonymised and encrypted internet connections , he suggests , and will download content from people outside France , who are beyond the reach of the law .
Germany , worried about privacy , recently decided against adopting a similar law .
But Italy 's government has said that it might copy the French .
Britain is thought to be moving towards something similar ; last year it declared its intention to reduce illegal file - sharing by 70 - 80 % in the next two or three years .
Best keep an eye on goings - on in Gaul .
Yu Yongding , former adviser to the People ’s Bank of China , recently demanded guarantees for the value of China ’s $ 682bn of Treasury securities .
Then Luo Ping , director of the China Banking Regulatory Commission , said that China had misgivings about the US economy , but despite this it would continue to buy Treasuries .
The two statements appear designed to raise the issue non-confrontationally before new chief US diplomat Hillary Clinton ’s visit to Beijing on February 20 .
Yesterday the House Judiciary Committee today voted 15 to 12 to send the Local Law Enforcement Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009 ( H.R. 1913 ) to the floor for a vote .
The bill seeks to protect victims of hate crimes who are gay and transgender and , predictably , anti-gay bigots , primarily in the GOP , oppose it .
A similar bill passed in 2007 and Bush vetoed it .
Only 14 Democrats voted against it in the House in 2007 , all bigoted reactionaries : Marion Berry ( Blue Dog - AR ) , Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) , Chris Carney ( Blue Dog - PA ) , Bud Cramer ( Blue Dog - AL , retired but replaced by another bigot ) , Lincoln Davis ( Blue Dog - TN ) , Joe Donnelly ( Blue Dog -IN ) , Brad Ellsworth ( Blue Dog -IN ) , Bart Gordon ( Blue Dog - TN ) , Mike McIntyre ( Blue Dog-NC ) , Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog-LA ) , Collin Peterson ( Blue Dog - MN ) , Mike Ross ( Blue Dog - AR ) , Heath Schuler ( Blue Dog -NC ) , and Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) .
Keep that in mind when someone tells you Blue Dogs are just about beingconservative and not about being a hateful bigot .
Among the 80 co-sponsors there are 8 Republicans , 3 representing districts with big gay populations , Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ( Miami ) , Anh Cao ( New Orleans ) , and Mary Bono Mack ( Palm Springs ) , although none of the notorious Republican closet cases signed on -- not even David Dreier , whose closet door has been hanging loose for almost a decade and the best known anti-gay closet queens in the Senate , Miss McConnell and Lindsey Graham are both on board for the expected Republican filibuster .
It 's ironic that the bill was voted on the same week as the debut of , a film that purports to kick open Washington 's closet door .
The documentary " investigates the secret lives of closeted gay politicians , some of whom have spent years in office with only the skimpiest of scrutiny from the mainstream media . "
Among those " outed " are Florida 's current governor , Charlie Crist , who was viewed for a time as a front - runner to be John McCain 's vice - presidential pick ; David Dreier ( R - San Dimas ) , who was once a leading candidate for the House majority leader post when the Republicans still controlled Congress ; Ken Mehlman , George Bush 's campaign manager during the 2004 election and former Republican National Committee chairman ; former New York City mayor Ed Koch ; the now - retired Idaho Sen .
Larry Craig ; Jim McCrery ( R - La. ) , a ranking member on the House Ways and Means Committee who retired last year ; Ed Schrock ( R - Va. ) , who retired in 2004 ; and -- gasp -- the prominent Fox News anchor Shepard Smith .
These were all easy targets and there were no surprises -- no taps on the closet doors of the worst of the gay Republican hypocrites , like Patrick McHenry ( R-NC ) , Dana Rohrabacher ( D - CA ) , Aaron Schock ( R- IL ) , Adrian Smith ( R - NE ) or even McConnell , who I know the filmmakers were investigating and hoping to include .
I wonder if any of them will be man enough to vote for the hate crimes bill this year .
I picked up a new book the other day , Marshall Jon Fisher 's , which tells the story of the greatest tennis match ever played : the " 1937 Davis Cup match , played on the hallowed grounds of Wimbledon , was a battle of titans : the world 's number one tennis player against the number two ; America against Germany ; democracy against fascism .
For five superhuman sets , the duo ’s brilliant shotmaking kept the Centre Court crowd–and the world –spellbound . "
Three of the main characters were closeted gays .
And one , Baron Gottfried Alexander Maximilian Walter Kurt Freiherr von Cramm , was arrested by the Nazis after he embarrassed Hitler by losing and charged with being a sexual deviant .
The story is fascinating and you may want to read it but the reason I 'm bringing it up today is because after getting out of prison , Baron von Cramm was sent to the Russian front and he actually survived the war , returned to Germany and became a major tennis star again .
Except for one thing -- because the Nazi Regime had charged him with sexual deviance , he was never permitted to play -- or even enter -- the United States .
Even as the husband of Woolworth heiress Barbara Hutton , the puritanical , homophobic USA was strictlyto him for the rest of his life .
He died in 1976 .
Labels : fake Republican outrage , gay equality , gay Republicans , Von Cramm
[ / caption ]
The journey seems almost impossible and endless for the Opportunity rover , heading through the dunes of Meridiani Planum on its way to a distant crater .
But now the rover ’s Panoramic Camera has caught the first glimpse on the horizon of the uplifted rim of Endeavour Crater , providing optimism for the MER team and rover fans alike , that Opportunity can perhaps complete the journey .
“ We can now see our landfall on the horizon , ” said Steve Squyres , principal investigator for the rovers ’ science instruments .
” It ’s far away , but we can anticipate seeing it gradually look larger and larger as we get closer to Endeavour .
We had a similar experience during the early months of the mission watching the Columbia Hills get bigger in the images from Spirit as Spirit drove toward them . ”
Opportunity has been ‘ on the road ’ for six months , heading toward the huge crater , which is 22 kilometers ( 14 miles ) in diameter .
Endeavour Crater is still 12 kilometers ( 7 miles ) away from Opportunity as the crow flies , and at least 30 percent farther away on routes mapped for evading dune hazards on the plain .
Opportunity has already driven about 3.2 kilometers ( 2 miles ) since it climbed out of Victoria Crater last August after two years of studying Victoria , which is less than one - twentieth the size of Endeavour .
“ It ’s exciting to see our destination , even if we ca n’t be certain whether we ’ll ever get all the way there , ” said John Callas of NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , project manager for the twin Mars rovers , Opportunity and Spirit .
“ At the pace we ’ve made since leaving Victoria , the rest of the trek will take more than a Martian year . ”
A Martian year lasts about 23 months .
Opportunity will take a brief breather the next several days .
The rover team plans to have Opportunity use the tools on its robotic arm to examine soil and rock at an outcrop along the route the rover is taking toward Endeavour .
“ We ’re stopping to taste the terrain at intervals along our route so that we can watch for trends in the composition of the soil and bedrock , ” Squyres said .
“ It ’s part of systematic exploration . ”
The pause for using the tools on the arm also provides two other benefits .
Opportunity ’s right - front wheel has been drawing more electric current than usual , an indication of friction within the wheel .
Resting the wheel for a few days is one strategy that has in the past helped reduce the amount of current drawn by the motor .
Also , on March 7 , the rover did not complete the backwards - driving portion of its commanded drive due to unanticipated interaction between the day ’s driving commands and onboard testing of capabilities for a future drive .
The team is analyzing that interaction before it will resume use of Opportunity ’s autonomous - driving capabilities .
Opportunity ’s twin , Spirit , also has a challenging destination , and last week switched to a different route for making progress .
On March 10 , the rover team decided to end efforts to drive Spirit around the northeastern corner of a low plateau called “ Home Plate ” in the inner basin of the Columbia Hills , on the other side of Mars from Opportunity .
Spirit ’s right front wheel stopped working in 2006 , and consequently , it usually drives backwards , dragging that wheel .
So climbing steep slopes is no longer an option .
Callas said , “ After several attempts to drive up - slope in loose material to get around the northeast corner of Home Plate , the team judged that route to be impassable . ”
The new route to get toward science targets south of Home Plate is to go around the west side of the plateau .
Squyres said , “ The western route is by no means a slam dunk .
It is unexplored territory .
There are no rover tracks on that side of Home Plate like there are on the eastern side .
But that also makes it an appealing place to explore .
Every time we ’ve gone someplace new with Spirit since we got into the hills , we ’ve found surprises . ”
Source : JPL
The front page of Britain 's best - selling tabloid newspaper read " 96 Tears " on Thursday , the headline over a story about the previous day 's moving tribute to the Hillsborough dead .
Not that many people on Merseyside saw it .
The newspaper , which has a circulation of more than 3 m nationally , sold just 8,000 copies in the area on the day of the memorial service at Anfield , which was attended by more than 30,000 people .
Inside the newspaper , still known as " The Scum " in Liverpool , " lifelong fan " David Wooding , the Whitehall editor , delivered a poignant tribute to the men , women and children who lost their lives .
But for those who gathered at Anfield this week , it was far too little and far too late .
At the Albert pub , squeezed next to the ground , football scarves and Liverpool memorabilia cover the walls and ceiling .
The entrance of the pub has a poster mocking the front page of the Sun 's notorious splash , which appeared a few days after the tragedy .
The tabloid 's masthead appears to be dripping in blood .
" The truth , " it reads .
" 96 dead .
Hillsborough 15th April 1989 .
Do n't buy the Sun . "
Tommy Doran , who works at the Albert , remembers one regular reading the Sun in a corner of the pub .
" I went over to him and said : ' What 's that ? ' and he went : ' The Sun . '
I just ripped it up into pieces in front of him . "
Like many others on Merseyside , Doran will never forgive the decision of then editor Kelvin MacKenzie to lead on 19 April 1989 with a story headlined " The Truth " that was anything but .
In it , quoting unnamed police sources and a Tory MP , it claimed drunken Liverpool fans urinated on and picked the pockets of the dead , hampered rescue efforts and attacked policemen .
Lord Taylor 's subsequent report into the tragedy later made it clear that it was the decision to open a gate to ease a crush outside the ground and a failure to direct fans away from the central pen once inside that was the main cause .
The Sun 's slurs still linger and , according to some relatives of the victims , hampered a fight for justice that goes on to this day .
The hatred they feel for the paper still burns fiercely and the Sun has all but given up trying to repair relations .
Sun reporters know they will never get exclusives from former players who remember the disaster and its effect .
Current players such as Steven Gerrard , who lost a cousin in the disaster , are similarly aware of the sensitivities involved .
Some at the paper believe it became the target for the anger of fans partly because of the failure of officials to accept responsibility .
Managing editor Graham Dudman wrote two weeks ago : " Despite some members of the Hillsborough Family Support Group publicly accepting our apology , it made little difference on Merseyside where the community has to live with the knowledge that no police officer or ground official was ever convicted for the mistakes that led to the tragedy . "
For most , the time for apologies has long gone .
Tom Hughes , a Liverpool fan , said : " I would never buy it and people round here wo n't buy it again for another 20 years .
It has gone too far .
There has been the apology from Kelvin MacKenzie then he took it back saying he was forced to apologise .
What does that say to people ? "
Mackenzie admitted the story was a " fundamental mistake " before a Commons committee in 1993 .
But at a private lunch in 2006 , he suggested he had only apologised because Rupert Murdoch forced him to and was quoted as saying : " All I did wrong was tell the truth ... I was not sorry then and I 'm not sorry now . "
In 2004 , there was a concerted push by the Sun to try to move on from what it called " the most terrible mistake in its history " but many agreed with the Liverpool Echo 's condemnation of it as a " cynical and shameless " exercise .
Dudman went to Liverpool for informal talks with members of the Hillsborough Families Support Group but a formal approach to speak to the group was rejected .
" Do you forgive Hitler for what he 's done ?
Does anybody forgive Pol Pot ?
We are not God , " said Margaret Aspinall , who lost her 18 - year - old son at Hillsborough .
" I can not forgive people like that .
And that Sun newspaper , may God forgive them - not me . "
Years of regret
1989 Kelvin MacKenzie ignores the pleas of senior colleagues and plumps for a front page headline reading The Truth , with three sub - headings : " Some fans picked pockets of victims ; Some fans urinated on the brave cops ; Some fans beat up PC giving kiss of life " .
MacKenzie is persuaded by Rupert Murdoch to apologise .
1993 Appearing in front of a Commons select committee , MacKenzie said : " I regret Hillsborough .
It was a fundamental mistake .
The mistake was I believed what a ( Tory ) MP said . "
2004 After the Sun pays Wayne Rooney a six - figure sum for a series of exclusive interviews following Euro 2004 , he is criticised in his home town of Liverpool .
In response , the Sun carries a full page apology for " the most terrible mistake in its history " but also claims the campaign has been stirred up by the Trinity Mirror - owned Liverpool Echo .
2006
At a private business lunch at a Newcastle law firm MacKenzie is reported to have retracted his apology : " I was n't sorry then and I 'm not sorry now because we told the truth . "
2007 MacKenzie , appearing on Question Time , says he should n't have to apologise .
" The issue about it is that story has become so caught up in a battle ... that actually no matter what I said would resolve the issue . "
( CNN ) -- Susan Atkins is terminally ill ; Charles " Tex " Watson is an ordained minister .
They and other members of Charles Manson 's murderous " family " now shun him .
A new photo of Charles Manson shows his gray beard and the swastika tattooed into his forehead .
After three decades behind bars , Manson family members Atkins , Watson , Patricia Krenwinkel and Leslie Van Houten have repeatedly been described as model prisoners who have accepted responsibility for their crimes .
Parole boards , however , continue to reject their bids for release , and a debate rages over whether the four should ever be freed .
The release of Manson 's prison photo recently rekindled public interest in slayings of pregnant actress Sharon Tate and six others in a two - night rampage that terrorized the city of Los Angeles , California , in August 1969 .
CNN looked into the status of some of his former followers .
Atkins , California 's longest - serving female inmate , requested a " compassionate release " from the California Board of Parole Hearings in July .
She has terminal brain cancer , doctors say .
The board unanimously denied her request .
Atkins ' 18th parole suitability hearing is scheduled for May 28 , according to a Web site maintained by her husband and attorney , James Whitehouse .
The Web site says Atkins , now 60 , is paralyzed over 85 percent of her body and cannot sit up in bed or even be moved into a wheelchair .
Despite her declining condition and spotless prison record , the site says , " there is still a very real chance the Parole Board will nonetheless insist her release would be a danger to society . "
The Manson family members were initially sentenced to death , only to have their sentences commuted to life in prison when the U.S. Supreme Court struck down death penalty laws in 1972 , establishing a four - year moratorium on executions .
By her own admission , Atkins held Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , and stabbed the eight - months - pregnant woman 16 times .
In a 1993 parole board hearing , Atkins said Tate " asked me to let her baby live ... I told her I did n't have any mercy on her . "
After stabbing
Tate to death , according to historical accounts of the murders , Atkins scrawled the word " pig " in blood on the door of the home Tate shared with her husband , director Roman Polanski , who was not home at the time .
Three of Tate 's house guests were also slain , as was a teenager who was visiting the home 's caretaker in his cottage out back .
Atkins ' compassionate release was opposed by Tate 's sister , Debra , Los Angeles County prosecutors and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , among others .
However , the former prosecutor who won her conviction , Vincent Bugliosi , said he supported Atkins ' request for release .
Debra
Tate told CNN in an e-mail she does not believe any Manson family member convicted of murder should ever be set free .
She said the slayings of the victims , including some that may have not been discovered , were " so vicious , so inhumane , so depraved , that there is no turning back . "
" The ' Manson Family ' murderers are sociopaths , and from that , they can never be rehabilitated , " Debra Tate said .
" They should all stay right where they are -- in prison -- until they die .
There will never be true justice for my sister Sharon and the other victims of the ' Manson Family . '
Keeping the murderers in prison is the least we , as a society who values justice , can do . "
In a manuscript posted on her Web site , Atkins , who was known within the Manson family as Sadie Mae Glutz , wrote , " I will never be able to replace what my crime took away .
And that 's not ' neat , ' and that 's not ' cool . ' "
Known as Katie within the Manson Family , Krenwinkel killed coffee heiress Abigail Folger at the Tate home and , the following night , stabbed Rosemary LaBianca and carved the word " War " on her husband Leno LaBianca 's abdomen .
She remained faithful to Manson throughout her trial and into the first few years of her incarceration , according to a profile posted on the University of Missouri - Kansas City School of Law Web site , but she later " made strides to turn her life around . "
Now 61 , Krenwinkel is a model inmate at the California Institution for Women in Frontera , according to Lt. Robert Patterson , a prison spokesman .
She is involved in the Prison Pups program , which helps train puppies to be service dogs , he said .
" It gives you a reason to wake up every morning , and keep moving on , " Krenwinkel told Los Angeles station KABC , a CNN affiiate .
The program at that time had trained more than 100 dogs ; Krenwinkel said she was training her seventh dog .
According to the Manson Family Today Web site , which keeps tabs on all things related to the case , Krenwinkel has largely accepted the fact that she probably will never leave prison .
Her next parole hearing will be sometime before December , Patterson said .
Van Houten was convicted in the raid at the LaBianca home , where she helped hold Rosemary LaBianca down as the woman was stabbed to death .
At the time , she was 19 .
" The autopsy reports have shown that it was Tex that wielded the fatal wounds , but I contributed , and I attempted to hold her down for Pat [ Krenwinkel ] , " Van Houten said in a 2002 appearance on CNN's " Larry King Live . "
" I called to Tex because we could n't kill her .
You know , it 's -- morally , I feel as though I did . "
Her conviction was overturned in 1976 , on the grounds that a judge erred in not granting a mistrial after the disappearance of her attorney , Ronald Hughes , who later was found dead .
In Van Houten 's first retrial , the jury was unable to reach a verdict , and she was released on bond for a few months .
But in her third trial , in 1978 , she was convicted of first - degree murder .
Known as Lulu within the Manson family , Van Houten , a former high school homecoming queen , is serving her life sentence at the California Institution for Women at Frontera , the same facility as Krenwinkel and , until last year , Atkins .
Like Krenwinkel , Van Houten is involved in prison programs and is a mentor to other inmates in the facility 's college program , Patterson said .
She is also a model inmate , he added .
During her 2002 CNN appearance , Van Houten called Manson " an opportunist of the cruelest , most vicious kind . "
But she was quick to emphasize that she accepts blame for her role in the crime .
Like the others , Van Houten , 59 , has repeatedly been turned down for parole .
She is widely seen as the best candidate for parole .
But her next parole hearing probably will not be until 2010 , according to Patterson .
" Tex " Watson 's participation in the Manson murders is " a part of history that he deeply regrets , " according to a Web site dedicated to his prisoner outreach program .
Watson converted to Christianity in 1975 , several years after he was incarcerated , and became an ordained minister in 1983 , according to the site .
" He was manipulative , " Watson said of Manson in a November 2004 radio interview , the transcript of which is posted on the Web site .
" But I take full responsibility for my ignorance , lack of identity , emptiness and choices in life , which left me prey to his deceptive plan .
My actions were my own . "
Watson stabbed four people , including Tate , to death and fatally shot two others .
After the Tate murders , Watson reportedly told Manson , " Boy , it sure was helter skelter . "
However , Watson was not tried along with the others in the slayings .
A month and a half after the two - night crime spree , he said , he fled to Texas .
Watson , now 63 , writes on the site that he has no computer or Internet access in prison , but maintains contact with the site administrator through the mail and writes much of the site 's content .
Watson had been denied parole 13 times as of November 2006 , a correction spokeswoman said .
His next parole hearing is scheduled for November .
All About Charles Manson • Susan Atkins • Roman Polanski
( CNN ) --
Right - wing extremist groups may be using the recession and the election of the nation 's first African - American president to recruit members , a Department of Homeland Security report contends .
The Department of Homeland Security says membership in extremist groups like this may be increasing .
Though the nine - page report said it has " no specific information that domestic right - wing terrorists are currently planning acts of violence , " it said real - estate foreclosures , unemployment and tight credit " could create a fertile recruiting environment for right - wing extremists and even result in confrontations between such groups and government authorities similar to those in the past . "
The report , prepared in coordination with the FBI and published April 7 , was distributed to federal , state and local law enforcement officials under the title " Right - wing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment . "
It compares the current climate to the 1990s , " when right - wing extremism experienced a resurgence fueled largely by an economic recession , criticism about the outsourcing of jobs , and the perceived threat to U.S. power and sovereignty by other foreign powers . "
Watch more on the DHS assessment »
It cites proposed restrictions on weapons as likely to increase membership in extremist groups and expresses concern the groups might try to recruit veterans .
The report also cites concern about anti-Semitism , saying that some groups are blaming the loss of U.S. jobs and home foreclosures on " a deliberate conspiracy conducted by a cabal of Jewish ' financial elites ' " in an attempt to recruit members .
The election of President Obama is cited as a key recruitment tool .
" Many right - wing extremists are antagonistic toward the new presidential administration and its perceived stance on a range of issues , including immigration and citizenship , the expansion of social programs to minorities , and restrictions on firearm ownership and use , " the report said .
It said that twice in the run-up to the 2008 presidential election , " extremists appeared to be in the early planning stages of some threatening activity targeting the Democratic nominee , but law enforcement interceded . "
The report said that " lone wolves and small terrorist cells " represent the nation 's biggest terrorist threat because their low profile makes it difficult to intervene before they act .
Mark Potok , director of the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks extremist groups , agreed that Obama 's election may have boosted membership in such groups , but called any link to the economy " more questionable . "
He said his group has documented " a steady , not dramatic , " growth of extremist groups -- from 602 in 2000 to 926 in 2008 , an increase of more than 50 percent .
Though " there has been a lot of talk about the country being stolen , " it is " a little early " to conclude that Obama 's election has driven massive growth in such groups , he said .
A DHS official said the department was not trying to squelch free speech by issuing the report .
" There is no link between extremists being talked about in that report and conservative political thinkers , activists and voters , " the official said .
But conservative radio talk show host Roger Hedgecock was not persuaded .
" If the Bush administration had done this to left - wing extremists , it would be all over the press as an obvious trampling of the First Amendment rights of folks and dissent , " he told CNN .
In fact , the Obama administration in January did issue a warning about left - wing extremists .
Both reports were initiated during the administration of former President George W. Bush .
CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this story .
All About U.S. Department of Homeland Security • Barack Obama
i can't believe it !
she threw away a perfectly good half - eaten cheeseburger !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
In their new book , “ God Is Back , ” John Micklethwait , editor in chief of The Economist , and Adrian Wooldridge , that magazine ’s Washington bureau chief , argue that religion is “ returning to public life ” around the world , that “ the great forces of modernity — technology and democracy , choice and freedom — are all strengthening religion rather than undermining it , ” that these days “ religion is playing a much more important role in public and intellectual life . ”
They assert that “ religion is becoming a matter of choice , ” something that individuals themselves decide to believe in instead of something imposed upon them , and that “ the surge of religion is being driven by the same two things that have driven the success of market capitalism : competition and choice . ”
The authors made similarly sweeping generalizations in their previous book , “ The Right Nation ” ( 2004 ) , generalizations that were proven almost comically wrong by the midterm elections of 2006 and the 2008 election of Barack Obama .
In that earlier book Mr. Micklethwait and Mr. Wooldridge contended that “ the center of gravity in American politics has moved to the right , ” that the 2004 election might have represented “ something of a last chance for the Democrats , ” and that “ conservatives have succeeded in part because , in a country where only half the electorate bothers to vote , they are better organized than other sorts of Americans . ”
One of the problems with “ The Right Nation ” was that the authors selected information and examples that supported their thesis , while ignoring or diminishing data that contradicted it , and they employ a similarly flawed methodology in “ God Is Back . ”
Image John Micklethwait , left , and Adrian Wooldridge .
Credit ... Hugo Burand
In arguing that “ religion ’s power ” has “ continued to increase , ” they contradict considerable evidence to the contrary .
( The 2008 American Religious Identification Survey , released this month , found that “ the U.S. population continues to show signs of becoming less religious , with one out of every five Americans failing to indicate a religious identity in 2008 . ” )
In arguing that modernity and religion are compatible , Mr. Wooldridge and Mr. Micklethwait play down that Osama bin Laden and other radical jihadis embrace highly puritanical , backward - looking forms of Islam that stand in direct opposition to much of modernity .
( The authors also fail to grapple with the anti-progressive impulses of Christian and Jewish fundamentalism . )
And in arguing that religion is increasingly a matter of choice , they ignore the plight of people ( like women under Taliban rule ) who are forced to live by strict religious codes they themselves may not believe in .
Modern bathroom sinks and creative sink designs from all over the world .
Stone Forest Pedestal Sinks
Beautiful sinks from Stone Forest are hand carved granite sculptures which combine the simplicity of Japanese style with contemporary design .
Mystic Sink
With faucet & drain positioned at opposite ends of the sink , water cascades through the 8 - inch - wide tapered preparation / work area , much akin to a stream or river .
Splash Sink
Eclectic , unusual and creative : in a word , “ Splash ” .
X - Light Surround Basin
Designed by Jan Puylaert , the X - Light Surround basin comes with a built - in amplified speaker system for your iPod .
Quartz Sink
Luxurious quartz sinks are made from 93 % quartz that is specially processed into a composite suitable for the kitchen and bathroom .
Antilia Glass Lavatory
The raw , elemental qualities of glass provide an extraordinary showcase for the interplay of light and water in any bath or powder room .
Flo Pedestal Sink
This is something you would expect to see in a museum .
Flo is a completely free standing pedestal sink and faucet system .
Vessels Leaf Sink
Vessels lavatories allow you to choose the sense of contemporary you want to express , from pure elegance to mathematical precision to fundamental form .
Bandini Ocean Sinks
The Ocean series of modern sinks from Bandini are like interactive bathroom art for the user to explore .
So sculptural , yet entirely functional , the eye - catching organic forms bring to mind the soothing motion of ocean waves .
Glass Sink
Perfectly symmetrical gorgeous glass sink from Cogliati - Cogliati .
Vaselli Slim Travertine Basin
Ordering Vaselli is like commissioning your own piece of sculpture , each piece is truly made to order .
Texture Sink
Beautiful striped bathroom sink design from Olympia .
Omvivo Contemporary
Sinks
An elegant compromise between design and functionality , the Onda Washplane is a contemporary sink from Omvivo that pushes the boundaries of design .
Natural Stone Sinks
The sculptural qualities of the Prisma and Vela stone washbasins by Bandini can be appreciated when viewed from any angle .
Made from Moonstone , they change and interact with the lighting , setting and viewer so that your experience is intensely personal .
Dimara Sink
This beautiful sink from Ardino will look good in any bathroom .
Flowood Sink
Flowood is an entirely new concept for bathrooms .
It ’s a patented system to produce wooden washing facilities .
Flux Washbasin
The water drains , naturally , elegantly , with the force of gravity , running down the slanting sides of the washbasin .
At the bottom of the sink there is a gap that lets the water out .
Swing Sink
Modern sink design from B Dutch made from blue limestone .
Crystal Wall Sink
Beautiful glass bathroom sink designed by Urbinati for ArtCeram .
Also check out : Modern Showers and Creative Shower Heads
Myth 1 :
Chess is an idle person ’s game – it is for people who hate any form of physical efforts .
Truth :
To go up the rating scales , you need to win many tournaments and you cannot do so unless you are physically fit and mentally alert .
Mikhail
Tal in his heyday was regarded as a magician of chess , so brilliant were his combinatory skills in the middle game .
But his reign at the top ( as world champion ) was short - lived and even though he continued to win other tournaments in his relatively short life of 56 years , the results were not consistent .
All this because he had a kidney problem and could not take the strain of the long series of games required in tournaments .
The amount of physical strain undergone by top level chess players was amply illustrated when Karpov lost weight by about 10kg ( can you believe it ? ) at the end of his matches with Kasparov in 1984 - 85 .
Myth 2 :
Chess is an old man ’s game – retired people who have nothing else to do play chess to pass their time .
Truth :
There have been about 15 players who became grandmasters before they were 15 years old , the youngest ( Sergey Karjakin ) achieving it at a ripe old age of 12 years 7 months !
Kasparov became World Champion at the age of 22 .
Myth 3 :
With so many bright young players around , you cannot expect to hold ground when you are past 50 .
Truth :
Provided one remains physically and mentally active , you can give a lesson or two to many players half your age .
Victor Korchnoi was a World Championship candidate at the age of 60 ( though he did not win it ) and even at the age of 78 , remains an active grandmaster in tournament circuits .
Mikhail Botvinnik won several World Championships , the last one at the age of 50 against a player of the caliber of Mikhail Tal who was just half his age !
Myth 4 ??
The next World Champion will be a computer .
Truth ??
Till the second Deep Blue computer from IBM in 1997 won a 6 match game ( 2 wins , 1 loss , 3 draws ) against the then World Champion Gary Kasparov , no computer had prevailed against a grandmaster .
With its reported ability to analyse 200 million positions per second , the win could be considered as a result of brute force !
Besides , I feel that to gain an immense publicity , IBM did not play fair in their eagerness to win .
In all chess tournaments , records of the moves by players are kept ( you can see what Paul Morphy played in the 1850s ! ) and it is a common practice for all top players to analyze the games of their opponents to decide on their own game plan .
IBM had access to all games played by Kasparov but when Kasparov wanted to see the records of earlier games by Deep Blue , IBM refused to comply and they also declined When Kasparov wanted to have a rematch later .
All in all , it is still man over machine .
• Two gunmen behind killing in Kandahar • Legislator 's colleagues had warned her of attack
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A leading female Afghan politician was shot dead yesterday after leaving a provincial council meeting in Kandahar , southern Afghanistan , which her colleagues had begged her not to attend .
Sitara Achakzai was attacked by two gunmen as she arrived at her home in a rickshaw - a vehicle colleagues said she deliberately chose to use to avoid attracting attention .
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the murder .
The two gunmen were apparently waiting for Achakzai , a 52 - year - old women 's rights activist who had lived for many years in Germany when the Taliban were in power in Afghanistan .
Officials said she returned in 2004 to her home in Kandahar , which is also the birthplace and spiritual home of the Taliban .
One of Achakzai 's friends , speaking anonymously , said colleagues had begged her not to attend the meeting , which takes place twice a week .
" She knew the danger she was in .
Just a couple of days ago she was joking about the fact that she had a 300,000 rupee price on her head , " she said .
" Like other women she would always travel in a rickshaw rather than a big armoured Humvee because it 's less conspicuous , but it also made her easier prey . "
Achakzai's life was in danger because she was not only a women 's rights activist but also as a local politician .
Taliban militants target anyone associated with the government of Afghanistan and last month launched an audacious assault with four suicide bombers on the provincial council building in Kandahar city , killing 17 people .
There have been many other attacks on women in the province , including the assassination in 2006 of Safia Amajan , the head of the province 's women 's affairs department .
Malalai Kakar , a top policewoman in the city , was killed last September , and schoolgirls have had acid thrown in their faces as punishment for attending school .
Achakzai had put herself at the forefront of the women 's rights struggle in Kandahar , and last year organised a " prayer for peace " demonstration in one of the city 's biggest mosques on International Women 's Day .
About 1,500 women attended the event , although this year the women were banned from entering the building and instead held a meeting at the city 's human rights commission .
Ahmed Wali Karzai , head of the Kandahar provincial council and brother of Afghanistan 's president , Hamid Karzai , said he had seen Achakzai earlier in the day before she was murdered , and had granted her leave from her duties so she could visit a sick relative in Canada .
" I had just said goodbye and joked that it was a good time to leave because our offices have been totally destroyed and need to be rebuilt . "
Karzai added that Achakzai had for the past two years held the post of secretary in the provincial council , which , until her death , had four female members of the 15 - strong body .
She was married to an academic who taught at Kandahar University .
Wenny Kusama , country director of the United Nations Development Fund for Women , said the murder of Achakzai was an attack " on all freedom " .
This is the first time I ’m seeing this .
An idea so simple , yet super creative .
I do n’t think I can do something like this .
Well , I could try , but stick figures might not have the same creative effect .
=P
After looking at all of these photos , you ’d think there would be an anime version of A - Ha ’s “ Take on me . ”
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xW86DTpWWpM[/youtube]
[ source ]
Bank of England Ignites Quantitative Inflation
Economic Shock and Awe as Interest Rates are cut to 0.5 % coupled with £ 75 Billion conjured out of thin air by Mervyn King Waving his " Central Bank Magic Wand " .
The government through what should be more accurately termed as " Quantitative Inflation " than " Quantative Easing " sanctioned £ 75 billion in the initial print run which will have a multiplier effect through fractional reserve banking and leverage of anywhere from between X10 to X20 the amount depending on how it filters through the economy , therefore £ 75 billion increase in the money supply implies the supply of credit should jump by anywhere between £ 750 billion to £ 1.5 trillion , but more probably in the region of X10 at £ 750 billion over the next few months , with expectations of several more doses of " Quantitative Inflation " during 2009 that seeks to devalue the British Pound towards parity to the U.S. Dollar .
UK Interest Rates
Frankly interest rates being cut from 1 % to 0.5 % makes little if no positive difference to the economy as the problem is the lack of credit and not the level of the base interest rate , if anything it further reinforces the fact that Monetary Policy has Failed , therefore the government may have been wiser to have left interest rates at 1 % which would have sent a stronger message out to financial markets rather than look here .
We have panicked again and cut to 0.5 % ! 0.25 % Next , then what ?
The end of monetary policy that 's what !
I would be surprised if rates were cut again , but with the lack of competent decision making I am afraid it remains a distinct possibility .
In terms of the interest rate forecast for 2009 , rates are overshooting to the downside towards a target of 0.25 % as recent analysis projected towards .
Quantitative Inflation / Printing Money
The government and Bank of England talking heads call it a powerful tool to kick start the british economy .
However this is in effect the LAST RESORT , something that has not been undertaken during the 300 + years of the Bank of England because it is akin to detonating a nuclear bomb without worrying about the fallout .
As mentioned earlier the £ 75 billion will eventually result in an increase in the amount of credit in the economy of some £ 750 billion .
How does Quantative Easing Work ?
The Bank of England will go out in the money markets and firstly buy government bonds to the tune of £ 100 billion to drive down long interest rates , and secondly buy corporate bonds and therefore create a demand for corporate debt thus driving down corporate bond yields .
This allows companies to raise funds and should in theory result in greater investment and hence increase employment and corporate activity .
Will it Work ?
I cannot see how buying government bonds will work as at the moment demand exists for UK bonds .
Buying corporate bonds does increase the demand and hence the supply of corporate bonds will increase which will put cash into the corporate coffers , it all depends on what the corporations do with the cash i.e. do they do what the banks did and bolster their balance sheets or do they spend it ?
However printing money does risk igniting inflation as the supply of money goes through the roof .
Whilst it has never been tried in Britain before , not even during the last Great Depression .
But where it has been tried it has ALWAYS FAILED , as once the printing presses start the governments then find it harder to stop printing and wean the economy off the need for repetitive injections of fresh cash as happened in Germany 's Weimar republic that ended in an hyper - inflationary collapse and the most recent example of Zimbabwe which clearly illustrate what eventual outcome of quantitative easing is i.e.
total destruction of the currency .
Britain is on the SAME PATH which at this point in time suggests much higher inflation as the December inflation forecast concluded ( UK CPI Inflation , RPI Deflation Forecast 2009 ) that deflation will give way to much higher inflation with the most probable outcome of stagflation for a number of years .
In my opinion this is a doomsday event for the BRITISH CURRENCY ! ,
Their is much talk that a country cannot function without a banking system , well how is the country going to function without a currency ?
For the answer to this we just need to look at history where EVERY EXAMPLE OF PRINTING MONEY ENDED IN DISASTER - EVERY TIME !
Those pointing towards Japans experience need to remember that Japan has been in an economic depression since 1990 !
and its currency has only been maintained due to the large trade surplus which Britain does not enjoy .
Fighting Deflation With Inflation .
The government and the Bank of England are attempting to fight against the ongoing deflation as a consequence of the collapse of asset values , and the bankrupt financial institutions continuing to deleverage from as high as X60 of capital leveraged positions , which in the process requires the Government to step in and recapitalise the banks and take the toxic debts off the banks balance sheets .
My analysis of December 08 concluded that the UK is heading for real deflation during 2009 , with the RPI inflation measure expected to go negative by mid 2009 by targeting - 1.2 % .
The trend to date is ahead of expectations however the most recent data showed the CPI measure take a step towards trend by only registering a small drop by falling to 3 % from 3.1 %
The more money the government prints and the more sterling falls then the greater will be the bounce in inflation during the second half of 2009 , i.e. greater than that which was originally forecast ( as illustrated above ) this will become much clearer by the middle of 2009 , but is suggesting that investors need to increasingly gear themselves up towards much higher forward inflation .
As I pointed out in the December analysis - The fall in sterling will result in much higher high street consumer prices during 2009 as those retailers that have not gone bust seek to replenish stocks at much higher prices during 2009 .
This again suggests that the January Sales for Britons may prove to be more illusionary than real as the fall in sterling has already soaked up corporate margins , which again confirms that those UK shoppers seeking to make large purchases are probably better off to do so sooner rather than later .
This therefore sends out mixed signals for consumer prices later in 2009 .
This is now starting to be reflected in food prices as produce is being exported abroad and therefore resulting in less domestic supply , which will soon also be reflected in other goods and services as the price of imports soars and therefore confirms the view of much higher inflation during the second half of 2009 .
UK Economy Worst Since the Great Depression
The analysis of 18th Feb 08 forecast that the UK economy , is heading for its worst recession since the great depression as illustrated by the below graph in that the severe recession is expected to bottom at an annualised rate of - 4.75 % GDP in the fourth quarter of 2009 ( small quarterly gain on the 3rd quarter ) , which will be followed by a recovery as the rate of annualised GDP contraction improves as government stimulus and Quantative easing measures as well as near zero interests start to impact on the economy .
The UK economic recovery is expected to continue into the fourth quarter of 2010 i.e. after the general election .
The total recession from peak to trough is expected to see GDP contract by 6.3 % and therefore this will be the worst recession since the 1930's Great Depression .
Unfortunately for the Labour government the economic cycle is completely out of sync with the election cycle as the economy is not expected to emerge from this severe recession until AFTER the next election as 2010 1st quarter GDP is estimated to be at an annual rate of contraction of - 3.9 % ( despite a quarterly gain ) , this therefore increases the probability of Labour losing the next election as the state of the economy is nearly always the primary determining factor for the electorate .
However as we witnessed today , the Labour government is doing its utmost to battle against the recession especially as GDP data heads for an headline contraction of more than 4 % on annual basis , which means the Labour government is in the process of sacrificing the long - term growth for the short - term possibility of turning the economy around before the 2010 election .
This also suggests that the 2010 recovery may not be able to take hold and therefore sets the scene for economic weakness during 2011 - 2012 , suggesting a double dip recession that may be triggered by deep cuts in public sector spending following the next election .
Therefore the best outcome at this point from the credit crisis would be for a period of stagflation i.e. low economic growth with high inflation and interest rates .
The high inflation will be a necessary evil so as to devalue the value of the record amounts of debt that the government is ratcheting up as illustrated below .
The worst case scenario is that of hyperinflation and a collapse of the British currency / economy along the lines of where Iceland is today which has seen a collapse of some 30 % in its annual GDP .
UK Debt Liabilities
Britain 's growing liabilities as a consequence of bailing out of the bankrupt banks that already project to 300 % of GDP as the below graph illustrates as per the recent analysis - Gordon Brown Bankrupting Britain as Tax Payer Liabilities Soar - Update .
Attempting to save the bankrupt banks has already saddled the tax payer with £ 1.2 trillion of liabilities and is expected to pass above £ 2 trillion by the end of 2009 .
The eventual amount of liabilities may extend to as high as £ 5 trillion if the whole banking system 's liabilities were dumped onto the British tax payer which would trigger far more Quantative Easing as the government instructs the Bank of England to print money to buy government debt due to the increasingly skeptical financial markets which would send the currency spiraling lower and inflation spiraling higher .
Punishing the Savers
Quantitative Inflation and Zero Interest rates means that Savers are being punished by the government for being responsible instead those that were reckless in borrowing unsustainable amounts of cash are being rewarded .
The government is attempting to force savers to a .
Spend their savings and consume more as there is little incentive to save at zero interest rates , and b. to Invest their capital into more risky assets such as the stock market and corporate bonds .
Which with the stock market trading towards new bear market lows does NOT seem to be working .
The Paradox of Cutting Interest Rates towards Zero
As mentioned above , the interest rate cut to 0.5 % is a mistake which is expected to make little difference to the economy , however it does make a difference to savers who are now even less inclined to put their hard earned cash on deposit with risky banks and hence in effect today 's rate cut has the opposite effect to that which was intended as banks are likely to see less cash deposited with them as a consequence of a pittance paid in interest .
Additionally , low savings interest rates and threat of banks going bankrupt has apparently triggering a withdrawal of cash from HBOS and RBS to the tune of 10 % a piece in favour of the fully nationalised banks of Northern Rock and National Savings .
In the UK at present only the first £ 50,000 of savings is guaranteed at 100 % , whilst fully nationalised banks have the full backing of the state and hence a 100 % guarantee of all deposits .
Small Silver Lining for Savers
As mentioned earlier , the eventual outcome of Zero interest rates and Quantative easing will be much higher inflation and interest rates , therefore I do not see low interest rates staying near zero for long i.e. during the second half of 2009 interest rates should start to rise again in tandem with rising inflation .
However the loss of value in terms of sterling 's depreciation is a far greater cost to savers than a few percent gain on the rate of interest which savers will soon come to realise as the price of goods in the shops soars relative to paltry rates of interest payments .
What Will Happen to the British Pound ?
Quantitative easing sends a message to the foreign exchange markets that a flood of British Pounds is about to be unleashed onto the market that is outside the normal expected mechanisms of government debt issuance , this in effect insures that the value of all currency in circulation will be devalued and hence investors and speculators act ahead of the curve by continuing to liquidate out of sterling whilst at the same time increasing short positions against sterling i.e. betting on a continuation devaluation in favor of the worlds reserve currency the U.S. Dollar the trend for which is for continuing strength as per the US Dollar Bull Market Forecast for 2009 .
Conclusion
The governments initial print run is for £ 150 billion in two halves is expected to be followed again by another two runs of £ 150 billion each as the May 2010 election is still more than 12 months away , which is the primary focus for the Brown Government .
This will eventually lead to much higher inflation and interest rates than most expect at this time .
Therefore investors and savers need to start to look at gearing themselves towards this development i.e .
1. Falling UK government bond prices as the amount of debt the government issues continues to mushroom .
2. Continuing sterling bear market which targets parity to the U.S. Dollar as a consequence of Quantative easing and government debt .
3 . Rising commodity prices as the crackpot policy of Quantative easing is copied around the world which devalues ALL currencies .
By Nadeem Walayat
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk
Copyright © 2005-09 Marketoracle.co.uk ( Market Oracle Ltd ) .
All rights reserved .
Nadeem Walayat has over 20 years experience of trading derivatives , portfolio management and analysing the financial markets , including one of few who both anticipated and Beat the 1987 Crash .
Nadeem 's forward looking analysis specialises on the housing market and interest rates .
Nadeem is the Editor of The Market Oracle , a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
We present in - depth analysis from over 250 experienced analysts on a range of views of the probable direction of the financial markets .
Thus enabling our readers to arrive at an informed opinion on future market direction .
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any trading losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors before engaging in any trading activities .
Attention Editors and Publishers ! -
You have permission to republish THIS article .
Republished articles must include attribution to the author and links back to the http://www.marketoracle.co.uk .
Please send an email to republish@marketoracle.co.uk , to include a link to the published article .
Nadeem Walayat Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
' We were being ordered to kill our own people ' guardian .co.uk
Colonel Samir Jaja 's orders to the assembled soldiers before their dawn attack on the village were absolutely clear : " Do n't leave anybody alive .
If we leave these people in this place , they will support the rebels against the government .
The area must be emptied so the rebels can't find any help and have to leave the country . "
B Kajabier , 34 , a Sudanese army deserter , describes the scene just before Sudanese army troops stormed a village in southern Darfur , Sudan , in April 2003 .
Colonel Jaja addressed his 400 troops , most of them Arab , but some African , after they descended from their vehicles .
There were more precise commands .
" Rape the women , kill the children .
Leave nothing , " Jaja said .
Six years later Kajabier , who has now fled Sudan , has decided to speak out against the Sudanese government .
" My people are suffering , and I want the world to respond , " he said , speaking through an interpreter .
After the April attacks , Kajabier refused to take part in any more raids .
He said he was tortured for his insubordination and during the interview pulls up his trouser legs to show the scars from where molten rubber seared flesh .
" When they burned the tyre , they hung it from the tree and it was dripping , " he said .
A few days later , Kajabier and two other soldiers deserted while the troops were marching through narrow mountain roads .
" We wanted to desert because we were being ordered to kill our own people , " the former Sudanese soldier said .
He eventually joined the rebel Justice and Equality Movement ( Jem ) before fleeing the country .
In the interview , Kajabier made it clear that Sudanese armed forces committed the atrocities , as well as the Arab militia known as the Janjaweed , or devils on horseback .
Kajabier , an African from Darfur who was conscripted into the Sudanese army , said he took part in attacks on several villages in April 2003 .
He could not be specific about the number of people who were killed and raped , but said the biggest village consisted of 500 homes .
" It is difficult to give a precise number but there were many dead , " he recounted , in a matter - of - fact way .
Kajabier does not use the phrase scorched earth , but that was the clear intent : the villagers were killed , as were the livestock , and the wells were poisoned .
The villages , including Korma , Ber Tawila and Sani Koro , are still abandoned , Kajabier said .
" We would surround the villages and the Janjaweed would follow behind on camels and horseback and chase those who managed to slip through the army cordon , " Kajabier said .
" We started burning the huts one by one and started shooting .
Very few people got away . "
An estimated 200,000 people have died and 2.7 million have been displaced since fighting erupted between government troops and rebel forces in Darfur in 2003 .
Sudan 's president , Omar al - Bashir , is the first sitting head of state to face accusations of war crimes and crimes against humanity allegedly committed in Darfur .
Bashir has always insisted that the international community has exaggerated the scale of the crisis and has described the conflict in the region as a " traditional conflict over resources … coated with claims of marginalisation " .
The Sudanese government admits mobilising " self - defence militias " after rebel attacks in 2003 but denies any links to the Janjaweed , which has been accused of trying to " cleanse " black Africans from large swaths of territory .
But according to Kajabier , the Sudanese government did not just arm the Janjaweed ; it sent army troops to take part in the attacks .
According to human rights groups , Sudanese government forces and government - backed militias have committed crimes against humanity and war crimes on a massive scale in Darfur .
Human Rights
Watch says Sudanese troops and militias attacked civilian populations from land and air and carried out widespread summary execution , rape , torture and pillaging of property .
Kajabier , who still has nightmares and has to take pills to go to sleep , says the worst images are those of children being raped .
" That will always stay with me , " said Kajabier , who also described how his fellow soldiers were forced to commit rape .
After what he has witnessed , he fully supports moves by the international criminal court to arrest Bashir .
" If they arrest him today , it will be good , " he said , " The people of Sudan have suffered so much . "
* B Kajabier is an assumed name
Based on the research of Bob Riggins , Science Academy of South Texas
Genesis 1:16
Leviticus 11:13 , 11:19
Esther 6:6 , Proverbs 23:7 , Isaiah 10:7 , Matt 9:4
And Jesus knowing their thoughts said , Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts ?
Matthew 9:4
Howbeit he meaneth not so , neither doth his heart think so ; but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few
Isaiah 10:7
So Haman came in .
And the king said unto him , What shall be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour ?
Now Haman thought in his heart ,
To whom would the king delight to do honour more than to myself ?
Esther 6:6
Revelations 1:16 , 6:13 , 8:10 , 9:1 , 12:4
a
Genesis 2:7
for signs , and for seasons , and for days , and years
A list of groups in league with the anti-morality evilutionist conspiracy .
The following groups of people .
Do not read anything they write , or use any device that they have invented .
( In no particular order : ) Even before Darwin , it was geologists who began to claim that the Earth is older than 6004 years .
And modern geology stubbornly refuses to yield up its hidden proof of a universal flood , or the recent and coeval existence of all creatures , living and extinct .
Invented all sorts of laws , like decay rates of isotopes , the non-decaying speed of light , the refraction of light to produce rainbows , etc. , all of which disagree with the the Book of Genesis .
And to add insult to injury , physicists can't seem to see the truth that evolution violates the Second Law of Thermodynamics -- a fact that every good creationist knows , even without a degree in physics !
Every heard of creation scientists engaging in peer review ?
Or a creation scientist being celebrated for proving another creation scientist wrong ?
Of course not - REAL science is based on finding the facts in the bible and then looking for evidence to back it up , not finding evidence and then coming to a conclusion .
Yet the enemies of morality still claim that the " scientific method " is a legitimate lifestyle choice ....
Is completely blind to the enlightenment brought to the world by creation scientists .
Is that because creation science would overturn so many preconceived notions of the scientific establishment , with its deeply - rooted prejudice against all things Christian ?
I would like to know , quite seriously , when the last time was that ANY biblical - literalist - creationist won a Nobel prize in ANY field .
Also , has anyone ever won for any work that patently supports a major creationist principle ?
Clearly the Nobel Prize Commitee has a liberal bias !
Everyone knows that belief in evolution destroys their faith in the Bible , so naturally they have no moral guide and no fear of eternal damnation , and since they think we came from monkeys , they see ourselves as animals with no eternal souls .
So , prisons should be filled with atheists .
But they are n't - obviously the police are in on the conspiracy .
People belive in evolution in Europe , and we all know how that entire continent has collapsed into a barbarism that makes the fall of Rome look like peanuts .
South America and Africa match like perfect puzzle pieces because God thought they looked prettier like that .
This whole continents moving a few inches every year more millions of years denies the Biblican truth that the world is 6004 years old .
Creationism is about believing without question a particular interpretation of scripture .
Indeed , in a belief system of that nature , any questioning or original thought about the revealed knowledge is not only incorrect , it is sinful .
( In the anti-American world of science , on the other hand , questioning and testing of accepted or authoritative beliefs is the method - - it 's what you 're supposed to do .
No wonder scientists are known to cook and eat fetuses they pick up drive - through at Planned Parenthood clinics . )
In the Bible Pi is a neat 3 ( reflecting the trinity , no doubt ) while math teachers believe it is an ugly , messy 3.14159 .
Despite some legal attempts in some state legislatures to return it to the divine purity of 3 , pi has hardened its heart and refused to conform to the biblically prescribed norm .
Mircoscoptic creatures are never mentioned in the Bible at all , so we are forced to do a lot of rewriting of Genesis to account for their day of creation , and their presence or absence on the Ark .
They have to have occurred since the Flood , since the surface of the Earth was reworked by the Flood ( to create , for instance , the Grand Canyon practically overnight ) , which would have messed up all those marks of glaciers on the landscape .
That means mile - thick ice sheets had to advance and retreat again and again , across half the Northern Hemisphere , with the speed of freight trains , but without this miracle being recorded in the Bible .
I say it 's easier just to deny that Ice Ages ever happened .
The Bible clearly states that the sky is a solid dome , a " firmament , " which was firm enough to separate waters above it from those below on the Earth .
By Noah 's time it was still solid enough to have windows in it that had to be opened to let the rain through .
I think that false - Christians that spite on God 's face by calling it " poetic metaphor " have given in to the godless materialists !
The Bible really is literal , in the true sense of the word .
The sky was a hard firmament with windows in it - and anybody who says different is a mealy - mouthed evolution - sympathizer .
First of all , extinct creatures do n't exist in our perfect Creation , since their very extinction implies that they were not so perfect .
And there are so darn many of them , of so many different kinds .
Here are some creation - scientific explanations of what fossils are and how they got there : Dinosaurs were too big to go on the Ark , so they got buried in the mud of the Flood .
Extinct creatures were on the Ark .
They died out later . o
Fossils never were animals .
They 're a hoax by Satan and / or materialistic science .o
Fossils never were animals .
They 're a hoax by God to test your faith .
How convientent that this " science " would turn up and confirm predictions of relationships made by evolutionary theory perfectly .
And what a dirty trick to have human DNA fit right into the distribution , right next door to the chimps '!
Obviously a hoax .
According to believers in DNA , the ultimate blueprint for building entire human beings turns out to be just plain chemicals , with nothing magical or even particularly unusual that sets humans aside from other living things .
And those geneticists can even tinker with the stuff , and build new creatures .
They can replace defective genes in people , thwarting God 's will that people be crippled and die .
I 'm sure something was put into Leviticus to forbid such ungodliness , we just have n't managed to find and interpret it yet .
Old -Earthers and Multiple - Catastrophists have given in to " liberal " ( if not to say Satanic ) influences .
Some years there are multiple Ark - hunting expeditions to Turkey , and often both of them are obstructing the progress of true Bible science .
Best way to tell a real creation scientist from a false one : ask them if they 've ever read the Bible all the way through , cover - to - cover .
97 % of the time the answer will be no .
They 're sure every word is literally true , and the divine message of God , but somehow they 've never quite found the time to actually read the thing .
Are you willing to put your soul in the hands of such people ?
We know , on good authority ( by creationists , whose scientific authority is the Bible , and what could be more authoritative ? ) , that men have one less rib than women , because one of Adam 's ribs was removed to mold into Eve .
However , we generally become confused upon being asked if that means one less pair of ribs , or just one rib missing from one side .
The reason we do n't know is because liberal - bias doctors have been hiding this information from us .
In the first place , nothing even remotely like them is even remotely alluded to in either Testament .
About the only biblical disease is leprosy and the Bible does not say it was cause by any sort of so called " micro-organism " .
Egyptian cattle suffered a " murrain " -- with no cause other than a divine curse .
Then there are the " emerods " ( hemorrhoids ) with which God afflicted some folks he was miffed at Two solid creation science facts to remember : o The Devil created viruses .o
Viruses are not in the Bible because they are " imperfect .
" But the really disturbing thing about these so - called " viruses " is that they occupy the twilight zone between living and dead , a zone that does not exist in a creation in which creatures were " given life , " or have " the breath of life . "
Can they be alive if they do n't move , breathe , eat , excrete , or metabolize at all , and can even be crystallized , like other non-living chemicals ?
Can they be dead if they can self - replicate ( reproduce ) using the same basic methods as other living things , parasitize other creatures , and are made of nearly the same proteins and nucleic acids as we are ?
Sounds like a hoax to me !
These heathens claim that bugs have so many generations of nasty babies so often that in just a few years they can evolve .
Those ugly boll weevils , for instance , develop resistance to pesticides ; and those filthy peppered moths in England ( Darwin 's home -- coincidence ?
I do n't think so . ) change the shade of their camouflage .
Evolutionists want to call those piddlin ' changes " evolution " -- which just shows that they do n't even know what the term means .
So we creationists have to tell them that " evolution " means apes popping out human babies .
You'd think them evil - utionists'd have that straight by now .
Creationists investigators keep discovering human footprints in the same strata as dinosaur bones or footprints , and the liberal - bias paleontologists keep denying it .
Few things are eviler than scientists that invented all those pesky asteroid craters which are supposedly found all over the planet , throughout all geological strata .
The Bible is silent on such devastating impacts as Meteor Crater in Arizona , the Ring Lakes in Quebec , and that biggie that they claim dusted off the dinosaurs and created all my beautiful beachfront property on the Yucatan peninsula .
Scientists even clain there was a " Chicxulub event " creating a 170 km crater , which had to have caused worldwide devastation , and thus would have at least been noted in passing by some biblical patriarch or another .
In short , those " craters " are typical frauds .
Anybody notice that , rather convieniently for the gay - marryers , in the last few years astronomers , have begun to discover other planets around other suns ( over 100 supposedly located so far ) ?
And they even claim that several of those solar systems are at several of the stages of planetary - system evolution hypothesized for the evolution of our own system ?
There is not one line in the scientifically accurate Bible which acknowledge that there are other worlds .
In fact , the Bible clearly states the the moon is nothing but a " lesser light " hung in the sky . ()
If it was possible to walk on the moon , the bible would say so .
Clearly NASA was a typical waste of tax dollars , the money was obviously sent to pay black women to breed more .
Your average creation scientist has almost an entire year of college , and clearly knows more about paleontology than Bakker or Horner or Currie , knows more about the definition of evolution than Gould or Dawkins , knows more about biology than Dobzhansky or Mayr , knows more about cosmology than Hawking , Kaku , or Witten , and more about human fossils than Johanson or the Leakeys .
He knows more true geology than geologists , more physics than physicists , more astronomy than astronomers -- and more about everything than atheists like Asimov or Sagan .
Scientists deny this fact only out of pure arrogance .
True scientists ( creationists ) get their science degrees from non-accredited religious institutions rather than accredited schools and universities .
Just how useless are liberal - bias universities ?
Consider the competition : for fifty bucks and an SASE , and you 're a Ph.D. , ready and qualified to refute evolution !
Meanwhile stupid scientists spend far more time and money on a far inferior education !
Chemists , being somewhat familiar with how elements and molecules combine and recombine non-randomly , have n't risen up as a body to declare the chemical origin or subsequent evolution of life to be a flat - out impossibility .
Now why do you suppose that is ?
Obviosly because they are part of the conspiracy to marry gays and force children to view Janet Jackson 's breasts .
That means tree - ring counting .
Dendrochronologists , by matching patterns in annual growth rings , claim they can establish a sequence in living , dead , and long - dead trees in certain areas of the world .
That can be a very reliable dating technique for , say , a beam used in an ancient shelter .
But this archeological specialty is completely useless and unreliable , since in some areas ring sequences extend back through the date of the Flood , showing no evidence of same , and indeed way past the 6004 years ago when God created the world .
According to scientists those are annual layers deposited in lake beds .
In some places they are clearly distinguishable because of varying colors and compositions of materials deposited in different seasons .
They claim it 's they can see them form , over a few years , and that they know exactly what causes them and that they do , in fact , represent one year per layer .
The problem , of course , is that there are lakes in the world with many times the 6,000 annual varves that could have been laid down since the Creation .
That means the entire science is a fraud .
P.S. Annual ice layers in Greenland and elsewhere are also Satanic deceptions .
These bug - pinners claim God have a beetle fixation .
They claim there 's over 50,000 species of them , but that 's a lie because they would not have fit on the ark .
British biologist , J.B.S.
Haldane , on being asked what one could conclude as to the nature of God from a study of his creation , Haldane is said to have answered , " An inordinate fondness for beetles . "
He 's burning in hell .
Anything created by evilutionists and the scientific method is untrustworthy .
Do n't trust medical science , computers , etc. etc .
Only trust inventions invented by creation scientists , and devices that operate on laws of nature discovered by creation scientists .
Evolutionary biology manages to get it right when you want improved corn yields , or a vaccine ready for this year 's flu strain , but these things will fall apart and backfire soon enough , because the only trustworthy way to discover and invent things is creation science .
Although Genesis tells us that God created Man and Woman , there are some unfortunate folks around who are hermaphrodites or have ambiguous genitalia .
Hermaphrodites therefore are mass produced by evolutonists to confuse believers .
According to scientists , the human insulin available for diabetics today is made by genetically engineered E. coli bacteria !
What does that have to do with evolution ?
Real human genes were spliced into bacterial DNA using recombinant techniques , so the nasty germs now churn out authentic human insulin .
Kind of sounds like the stuff that makes us human and the stuff that makes germs germy is the same kind of stuff , and is almost as interchangeable as tinkertoys .
Maybe it shows that we 're closely enough related to our own intestinal bacteria that we can stick a bit of human being into them without their minding terribly .
Sounds like a fraud !
Obviously it is prayer that keep Diabetics alive , not this fraudulent " insulin " , which can be banned with no ill effects .
Millions , billions , trillions ... especially as applied to years , light - years , species , etc .
God built the universe to a comfortable human scale .
Claims of really big stretches of time , are particularily satanic .
Every dictionary I can lay my hands on defines Christian ( n. ) as " one who professes belief in Jesus as the christ " or words to the same effect .
Not a one of them defines Christian as " one who believes in the literal truth of Genesis , especially as regards the creation and flood accounts . "
( Who would have thought that the ranks of lexicographers had been so infiltrated with atheists and satanists ? )
On October 7 , 1996 , in an address to the Pontifical Academy of Sciences in Rome , he declared [ the Church 's ] acceptance of evolution as a scientific fact , and noted that there is no war between religion and science : " Consideration of the method used in diverse orders of knowledge allows for the concordance of two points of view which seem irreconcilable .
The science of observation describes with ever greater precision the multiple manifestations of life … "
SATANIST !The Bible says bats are birds . ()
Lying zoologists claim they are rodents .
The New Testement states clearly that the mind is in the heart . ()
People who claim the brain is used for thinking are plainly and simply anti-biblical .
The Book of revelations states that stars are little things which can fall to earth . ()
Astronomers made up lies about them being bigger than earth and far away .
Computer scientists claim that , in order to arrive at some good - enough solutions to some practically intractable problems teach a computer to try a bunch of random solutions .
Most will be worthless or impractical .
Some will work a little better than most others .
The best ones are allowed to produce " offspring " with random modifications .
Most of these wo n't be improvements , and many will be worse than the " parents . "
A few may be slightly better , however , and they will be allowed to reproduce for another " generation . "
Continue this for enough generations , and the end product will be a decent solution .
It probably wo n't be the theoretical best ( a quality which could n't be determined without solving the original unsolvable problem ) , but it will be workable .
This is exactly analogous to natural selection , so of course it can't possibly work since random mutations can only be harmful .
Many R & D departments are thus using natural selection to design aircraft !
Would you dare fly on one of those ?... in general .
They 're wrong about everything .
Starting at least as far back as Ptolemy , astronomers have continued to describe the heavens in terms that increasingly have nothing to do with Genesis .
Things really started to go to hell with Copernicus , Kepler , Galileo , and their ilk .
Nowadays the things astronomers teach are so foreign to the Truth and involve such hard math that they 're impossible to understand .
I mean , come on -- the Big Bang , the speed of light , " light years , " the sizes of stars , billions of years -- it makes my head hurt .
You want to know what 's in the sky ?
Read Genesis !
Especially stay away from them " professors " who directly mock biblical Truth about the skies .
People who try create new breeds of animals are attempting to engage in satanic evolutionism .
They even claim to have evolved their own breeds , like poodles , for example .
The truth is they just captured wild poodles .… like those damn Egyptians that did n't notice a world - wide Flood , though they were around at the time and had a liking for writing everything down ( they 'd write down what people wore to parties , darn it , yet they fail to note a Flood that covered the entire Earth !
Same with the Asian Indians , and the Chinese , or any of the other cultures that also possessed written histories , yet failed to note any of the cataclysmic acts of the Judaeo - Christian god .
Scientists claim that light from many stars takes more than 6000 years to get from the star to us .
That 's nonsense , of course , because that star did not exist more than 6000 years ago !
Ancient star - gazers were only a thousand or two years from the date of creation , thus the light from the stars farther away than 1000 - 2000 light years could not have been seen .
That means that all stars are closer to the Earth than 1000 light years , and that measurement techniques such as stellar parallax are just the devil 's lies .
Every time that we creationists bring up one of those impossible changes from one created kind to another ( macroevolution ) , the SRDF gets to work and plants in the rocks some fke fossils , carefully " aging " them and putting them in the " proper " strata so that paleontologists can find them in a few years .
Then they 're shoved in our faces as examples of the major transitions that we know to be impossible .
We said a hyena can't change into a whale .
The SRDF gets to work and presto !
scientists are digging up Ambulocetus , Pakicetus , Prozeuglodon , and a passle of others .
We knew that no lizard ever sprouted wings and feathers , so the SRDF made up those phony Archaeopteryx jobs that were just TOO perfect !
I mean , teeth , bony tail , claws on the fingers , along with perfect flight feathers -- come on !
Since we absolutely would n't accept such an obvious fraud , now they 're throwing in a bunch of others in various stages of birdness , like Protoavis , Sinornis , Hesperornis , and Ichthyornis .
They claimed we were all fish , then we grew legs and lungs and crawled out on land -- what rot !
Where are the transitions ?
Enter the SRDF , and now we 've got Eusthenopteron , Panderichtys , Acanthostega , and labyrynthodonts .
And of course the highest priority mission of the SRDF is to " prove " that people are just improved apes ( whereastells us clearly that we are improved dirt ) .
We keep telling them that there are " missing links " between apes and humans , and they keep finding something to fill whatever gap we point out .
After all , is n't Lucy ( Australopithecus afarensis ) just a little too convenient ?
Throw in A. ramidus and africanus and then H. habilis and erectus , and it's hard to find much of a gap anymore where a link could be missing .
The Bible so clearly teaches , all of the earth was covered by seawater for 6 months , and lying farmers claim that salt makes soil infertile .
Not only are we able to farm in places with no igneous rock today ( and thus no real way to cover up any salt - tainted land ) , but we have records of farming happening pretty soon after the Flood , not the least of which are recorded in Genesis .
Scientists claim that people who can digest cow milk are mutants !
They say that people that could handle drinking milk had that much more nutrition available to them , and through the process of natural selection they thrived [ and passed on the trait ] .
Consider AIDS , or DDT - resistant pests , or the common cold , or antibiotic - resistant superbugs : according to scientists they all evolve fast enough for us to see .
They claim that the rapid evolution of these organisms has become an important medical and economic issue .
Nonsense .
God is sending more plagues because people are becoming more sinful .
According to , the lights in the firmament are there " . "
People who make calendars claim that the solar and sidereal years are different .
A proper calendar would have a nice clean 700 - day year , so we all know when the Sabbath is - yet the calendar makers refuse to print any .
Everybody knows that evolution is the basis and justification for Marxism .
Concepts central to evolution , such as natural selection , the importance of adaptation , “ the law of the jungle , ” etc .
Are obviously Marxist concepts that have nothing to do with laissez - faire capitalism .
Economists do n't agree Economists say that command economies are unproductive , which spits on the LORD , who is commissar of all creation
A Ten Commandments monument would be erected on the Capitol grounds under a bill the Senate passed Monday .
House Bill 1330 passed 37 - 9 after nearly 25 minutes of debate .
The bill has already passed the House and heads to a conference committee for revisions .
Sen . Randy Brogdon , R - Owasso , said the Ten Commandments had historic significance and a monument would not violate provisions that require the separation of church and state .
If the bill becomes law , a private group will pay for the monument , Brogdon said .
" They ( commandments ) are the foundation of our nation ’s law , ” Brogdon said .
" It ’s a historical document .
It ’s like the Liberty Bell . ”
Sen. Judy Eason McIntyre , D - Tulsa , was among the Democrats who objected to the bill , characterizing it as a divisive issue that does nothing to address the problems the state faces .
" This is a political ploy to get you elected as governor or to try and get you elected as governor , ” Eason McIntyre said to Brogdon during debate , and accused members of the Republican Party of trying to continue to rally support for " wedge ” issues .
" If it ’s not God , if it ’s not gays , if it ’s not guns , they do n’t care , ” she said .
Opponents of the bill argued the monument would violate a provision of Oklahoma ’s constitution barring the use of public money or property to be used to further a religious belief .
Brogdon , who announced over the weekend his intentions to run for governor , pointed out the U.S. Supreme Court recently upheld the existence of a similar monument near the capitol in Austin , Texas .
Sen .
Tom Adelson , D - Tulsa , who is Jewish , said the commandments are held in high regard in the Jewish faith and should be considered a holy symbol .
" It is hard for me as a Jewish person to hear that we are turning it ( the Ten Commandments ) into a secular symbol , ” Adelson said .
" It ’s clearly religious , and I would not have it referred to in any other way . ”
International Disturbed People ’s Day
I do n’t normally pass along forwards , but when I checked my e-mail and found the following , I could n’t help but pass it along .
So , here ’s to celebrating International Disturbed People ’s Day .
And , yes …I am a disturbed person .
Here are some disturbing and crazy photos that came along with the email about Interational Disturbed People ’s Day .
( Pics )
The following is the email for the International Disturbed People ’s Day that has been sent around for the past few months :
Today is International Disturbed People ’s Day
Please send an encouraging message to a disturbed friend … just as I ’ve done .
I do n’t care if you lick windows ,
take the special bus
or occasionally pee on yourself ..
You hang in there sunshine , you ’re special
Every sixty seconds you spend angry , upset or mad , is a full minute of
happiness you ’ll never get back .
Apple Butterfly
Baby on Board
Bad Apple
Banana Dolphin
Cabbage Patch Kid
Eggshell House
Fruit Lute
Lemon juicer
Loafers
Orange ya going to help me ?
Palm bread
Take a bite out of crime
Tom the Shepard
Waterman
Watermellon
On the wrong side of the fence
Years younger
You say potato
Today ’s Message of the Day is :
Life is short ,
Break the rules ,
Forgive quickly ,
Kiss slowly ,
Love truly ,
Laugh uncontrollably ,
And never regret anything that made you smile .
Send to all the people you love and do n’t want to lose in 2009 , even me .
If you get 3 back , you are a great friend .
Life may not be the party we hoped for , but while we ’re here we should dance .
Amazon 's Kindle 2 Costs $ 185.49 to Build , iSuppli Teardown Reveals
El Segundo , Calif. , April. 22 , 2009 - Amazon.com Inc.'s new Kindle 2 eBook carries $ 185.49 in materials and manufacturing costs , according to a dissection conducted by iSuppli Corp .'s Teardown Analysis Service .
The direct material cost of the Kindle 2 , consisting of all parts used to make the product , amounts to $ 176.83 .
When adding in the conversion costs - i.e. , manufacturing expenses and the battery - the total rises by $ 8.66 to $ 185.49 .
The total materials and manufacturing costs reported in iSuppli's teardown analysis of the Kindle 2 reflect only the costs for direct materials , manufacturing and basic tests .
Not included in this analysis are costs above and beyond the material manufacturing of the core device itself - i.e. , the cost of intellectual property , royalties and licensing fees ; those not already included into the per component price - software , software loading and test , shipping , logistics marketing ; and other channel costs .
These costs are not included because teardowns cannot reveal this type of information .
The combined manufacturing and materials costs represent 51 percent of the Kindle 2's $ 359 retail price .
The attached table presents a summary of the major cost drivers for the Kindle 2 .
Black ink for E Ink
iSuppli estimates that $ 60 , or 41.5 percent of the materials cost of the Kindle 2 , is accounted for by the E Ink Corp. display module , which represents the centerpiece of the product .
" The showcase feature of the Kindle is its E - Ink display , which not only is easy on the eyes , but also employs electrophoretic bistable technology that allows it to show an image even when it's not drawing power , " said Andrew Rassweiler , director and principal analyst , teardown services , for iSuppli .
" The new version of the E Ink display in the Kindle 2 supports 16 - level grayscale images , rather than the 4 - level version used in the previous - generation hardware .
This makes the Kindle 2's display look like a printed page . "
Rassweiler noted that the bistable display for the Kindle 2 obtained by iSuppli continues to display the warning message " Critical Battery " even after the product was completely dissembled for the teardown .
With no power or electronic control to refresh the image , the display will be frozen in this state forever .
Kindle 2 takes turnkey wireless approach
After the display , the next largest cost driver in the Kindle 2 is the wireless broadband module , provided by Novatel Wireless Inc. Priced at $ 39.50 , the module accounts for 27.3 percent of the materials cost of the Kindle 2 .
The module supports the CDMA2000 1X EV - DO Rev A air standard .
In the first - generation Kindle , the wireless functionality was provided by an integrated chipset that was an integral part of the main printed circuit board .
In the second - generation Kindle , the wireless functionality has been divorced from the core design and instead uses Novatel 's turnkey module .
The use of a standard module like this makes the Kindle 2 easier to design .
Furthermore , since Novatel manufactures many different wireless modules , it buys components in high volume , which represents leverage it can use to negotiate prices down with suppliers such as Qualcomm Inc. , whose device represents the integrated circuit core of the wireless module .
Qualcomm Inc.'s MSM6801A single - chip baseband processor is priced at $ 13.18 , iSuppli estimates .
The wireless connection runs behind the scenes , providing an always - on invisible link to Amazon 's library of electronic book content .
Another key element of the Kindle is Freescale Semiconductor Inc. 's MCIMX31LVKN5C multimedia application processor , priced at $ 8.64 .
The Freescale processor is based on an ARM11 microcontroller core , which runs at a clock speed of 532M Hz .
Freescale also contributed its MC13783VK5 audio circuit and power - management IC .
We ’re all aware of the severe genetic and unpleasant physical consequences that result from reproducing with a closely related relative .
Aside from unfortunate aesthetics , inbreeding can also lead to the extinction of small organismal populations .
This decrease of reproductive success is referred to as “ inbreeding depression ” and mechanisms that cause it are still being debated by biologists .
A study led by Ken Paige at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , contributes to the understanding of the mechanisms associated with inbreeding depression , and his results are surprising .
Paige ’s study shows that two different mechanisms are responsible for reproductive decline , and even more surprisingly , alleles affected by inbreeding are not random and can be grouped into three categories of cellular function .
Furthermore , these alleles are regulated by only a few key genes .
Currently , there are two mechanisms that are considered to be responsible for inbreeding depression — loss of dominant alleles and the loss of overdominance .
The loss of dominant alleles and subsequent unmasking of recessive alleles , is generally thought to be the predominant mechanism responsible for a population ’s loss of fitness .
Recessive alleles typically do not cause the organism harm unless two identical copies are inherited .
During inbreeding , the frequency of inheriting two recessive alleles increases .
Overdominance occurs when two different alleles inherited together causes a higher level of gene expression than that of the offspring ’s parents .
Since inbreeding reduces genetic diversity , the odds of an offspring inheriting different alleles decreases .
Therefore , any advantage that is conferred by overdominance is lost .
Although scientists have known for more than a century that small inbred populations are likely to suffer from low reproductive success , biologists have long wondered which mechanisms are responsible .
Also , the impact of inbreeding on an organism ’s entire genome had not been studied .
In order to clarify these unknowns , researchers at the University of Illinois mated genetically identical fruit flies and analyzed gene expression via microarray analysis .
To start , six different lines of inbred fruit flies were created .
All six strains were genetically identical to each other except for chromosome three .
The degree of inbreeding depression observed in the six fly lines was highly variable — 24 to 59 percent when compared to non-inbred flies .
Paige ’s Conservation Biology study is the first to analyze the impact of inbreeding on an entire genome .
In oligonucleotide microarray analysis , gene expression of a whole genome can be studied all at once .
Paige and colleagues compared the different inbred lines by determining if each individual gene was either more active ( up - regulated ) or less active ( down - regulated ) .
In the fruit fly lines that suffered the greatest percentage of inbreeding depression , 567 genes were identified as up - regulated or down - regulated in comparison to lines that exhibited a lower percentage of inbreeding depression .
Only 62 percent of the 567 genes expressing differences were located on the non-genetically identical chromosome three .
This means that 38 percent of the genes differentially expressed on other chromosomes had been modified by chromosome three .
“ These results suggest that a significant amount of inbreeding depression is due to a few key genes that affect the expression of other genes , ” explains animal biology professor and department head Ken Paige .
Overall , microarray analysis showed that a relatively small amount of genes were affected by inbreeding directly , however , these genes in turn regulated the overall expression of other genes which significantly increases the total genes affected at the whole genome level .
To answer the question of which mechanisms are involved , Paige found that approximately 75 percent of the reproductive declines seen in the inbred flies could be attributed to the loss of dominant alleles while 25 percent of the declines were due to the loss of overdominance .
“ This means we have two mechanisms ongoing .
One does predominate , but the other may be important too , ” Paige said .
Furthermore , the 567 genes found to be associated with inbreeding depression can be grouped into three broad categories of cellular function ; metabolism , defense and stress .
A significant amount of metabolic genes as well as genes that fight pathogens were up - regulated in the most inbred flies .
The other group of genes that protect cells from damaging reactive molecules was down - regulated .
These changes in gene regulation divert energy away from reproduction and undermine other basic cellular functions .
“ This is a surprising finding , ” Paige said , “ because we think of inbreeding as a random process . ”
Genetic drift is the loss of genetic diversity within a population due to chance and occurs during inbreeding .
Therefore , we would expect genetic drift to cause the random fixation of different alleles within the different inbred fly lines as opposed to the same alleles affected in each fly line .
Paige further explains the significance of his findings , “ Given the number of replicate lines and the fact that the set of genes found to be differentially expressed is not a random sampling of the gene pool but primarily related to metabolism and stress resistance , we find it unlikely that genetic drift alone can explain our results . ”
Overall , the fact that a relatively large number of genes are affected by inbreeding is bad news for conservational biologists that are trying to preserve small populations of plants or animals on the brink of extinction .
Clearly there is no quick and easy fix for saving small populations and the best approach still is to maintain genetic diversity in natural populations long before the risk of extinction emerges .
According to an anonymous Inside Line source at Volvo :
The safety - conscious folks over at Volvo have been hard at work with child seat maker Britax - Romer on developing a range of next - generation infant , child , and booster seats .
And while the seats are going on sale elsewhere in the world , they apparently face an obstacle in the US : the National Higway Traffic Safety Administration .
How 's that ?
According to Inside Line , NHTSA mandates that every child seat must fit in every car , but the Volvo - branded seats have been developed to be Volvo - specific items , which means they can't be sold here – not even to Volvo owners .
According to an anonymous Inside Line source at Volvo : " NHTSA has mandated that child seats cannot be vehicle - specific ... every seat must fit every car - in our opinion , this just makes for an inferior seat .
The source goes on to say : " We have requested rule changes by NHTSA and have been ignored .
While NHTSA 's rules certainly benefit all consumers , we have a solution that is the best solution for our cars .
Volvo's new infant and convertible child seats are highly adjustable and serve kids from newborns up to age six , with the latter seat able to keep older children facing the rear – something that has n't previously been possible .
The booster seat has eleven height settings and can serve kids up to age ten .
The seats will go on sale in Europe and Asia this year , but Americans and Canadians are out of luck .
Be sure to check out the gallery below and vote in our " Is NHTSA right ? " poll after the jump ( where you can also read Volvo 's full press release ) .
Volvo's new infant and convertible child seats are highly adjustable and serve kids from newborns up to age six , with the latter seat able to keep older children facing the rear – something that has n't previously been possible .
The booster seat has eleven height settings and can serve kids up to age ten .
The seats will go on sale in Europe and Asia this year , but Americans and Canadians are out of luck .
Be sure to check out the gallery below and vote in our " Is NHTSA right ? " poll after the jump ( where you can also read Volvo 's full press release ) .
PRESS RELEASE
Volvo Cars launches three new child restraints for children of all ages
Volvo Car Corporation now launches three new child restraints , covering the range of newborn infants to children aged up to about ten .
The child restraints have been thoroughly tested and meet Volvo Cars ' exceedingly high demands on safety .
The three child restraints are comfortable , easy to use and of a smart dark design with the Volvo iron mark on the headrest .
" With our new rearward facing child restraints , children can travel rearward facing far longer than before , something that may save many lives , " says Jessika Andréasson , Product Manager at Volvo Cars .
Comfortable infant seat
The infant seat has a convenient handle and is easy to carry to and from the car .
The infant seat can be used from birth until about one year ( up to 13 kg ) .
It has deep , softly padded side wings , offering high safety in side impacts .
The headrest is adjustable in seven heights and the belt adopts automatically to fit the height of the child 's shoulders .
The child is secured using a five - point safety harness that is adjusted in the centre .
The infant seat is fitted using ISOFIX attachments or the regular safety belt .
Convertible child seat rearward facing up to age six
The convertible child seat can be used longer than before , from nine months until the child is about six years old , which is a breakthrough in safety for children in cars .
The convertible child seat is comfortable and cosy for the child to sit in as well as sleep in .
The side wings are deep and adjustable , offering particularly good protection in side impacts and ensuring that the belt is correctly positioned across the shoulder .
Centrally positioned belt adjustment means it is easy to configure for children of different height and sizes .
The car 's integrated safety belt is used to secure the seat , which features a neatly integrated support leg that is used for fitting in all the car 's passenger seats .
The child seat can be fitted facing forward when a child weighs at least 15 kg and has outgrown the rearward facing setting .
It then converts into a comfortable booster seat with backrest , and both child and seat are secured with the car 's integrated safety belt .
Volvo Cars recommends that children travel rearward facing until at least the age of three , preferably four years or older .
Clever booster seat with backrest
For children aged between about four and ten , there is a practical booster seat with backrest that ensures correct positioning of the car 's safety belt across the child 's thighs and shoulder .
The booster seat and child are secured facing forward using the car 's integrated safety belt .
The booster seat is comfortable to sit on and the deep , softly padded side wings provide maximum comfort also when the child is asleep .
The headrest is adjustable and grows with the child , offering no less than eleven height settings .
The booster seat 's width can be adjusted to one of three settings , allowing the child to continue to sit comfortably as he or she grows .
The Volvo dealer has all the expertise
The Volvo branded child restraints are available from authorised Volvo Cars ' dealers in Europe and Asia , including China , in the summer of 2009 .
Anyone transporting children in their cars is welcome in to try out the new child restraints .
The dealers have unique expertise in the field of safety and offer thorough instructions on how the child restraints should be fitted and how the children should be properly secured .
" International accident surveys show that one of the most common causes of child injuries or fatalities in traffic is that the child restraint is not properly fitted or the child is not properly secured in the seat , " relates Helena Larsson , Design Engineer at Volvo Cars .
The child restraints are supplied with all the necessary fittings such as snap hooks and other attachments to permit easier installation , as well as clear instructions on how each particular child restraint should be fitted .
Tested to meet extremely high demands
Volvo Cars works together with Britax Römer , world - renowned in child safety equipment .
" Our cooperation is a perfect synthesis whereby the manufacturer provides the expertise in the design of attractive and comfortable child seats and we add our know - how on safety for children in cars , " explains Jessika Andréasson .
The three child seats feature Volvo 's well - known iron mark , symbolising the highest levels of safety and quality .
" We have tested the child seats ' moving parts and their mechanical properties .
We have also crash tested them to verify that they meet Volvo Cars ' high safety demands , " says Helena Larsson .
All the fabrics used have been approved according to Oeko - Tex Standard 100 , which guarantees that they are free from specified allergy - forming substances .
All the covers are removable and can be machine - washed at 40 degrees Celsius .
Children should travel rearward facing for as long as possible
Volvo Cars recommends that children travel rearward facing for as long as possible , at least until the age of three or four , preferably longer .
A child 's neck is weak and it is still growing , and the head is proportionately larger than that of an adult .
When travelling rearward facing , incoming collision forces are spread across the back and head , thus reducing the load on the neck in a frontal impact , which is the most common and often the most dangerous type of collision .
For older children , it is important to continue to use a child restraint in the form of a booster seat .
The booster seat protects the child 's underdeveloped hips and the vulnerable abdomen by positioning the belt correctly across the thighs .
" Children should travel rearward facing for as long as possible , " confirms Jessika Andréasson .
" If our new child seats result in more children travelling rearward facing for longer , then we are pleased . "
Summary
- Volvo recommends that children travel rearward facing for as long as possible , preferably up to age four or more .
- Volvo Cars launches three new Volvo branded child restraints that meet exceedingly high safety demands .
- The child restraints have been developed by Britax Römer , one of the world 's leading manufacturers of child restraints .
- The child restraints are available in three models for children of different ages and sizes :
1. Infant seat , from newborn up to 13 kg , up to about one year old .
2. Convertible child seat , 9 - 25 kg , from 9 months to about age 6 .
Can be turned forward facing no earlier than age 3 , preferably age 4 , and the child must weigh at least 15 kg .
3 . Booster seat with backrest , 15 - 36 kg , from 4 to about 10 years , preferably longer .
- The child restraints have been thoroughly tested by Volvo Cars to guarantee safety and quality .
- Available from Volvo dealers in Europe and Asia , including China , in the summer of 2009 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US officials say the leaders of Israel , Egypt and the Palestinians have been invited for talks in Washington in a new push for Middle East peace .
PM Benjamin Netanyahu , President Hosni Mubarak and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas have been asked to the White House for talks likely by early June .
The peace process has been beset by conflict and adversity which President Barack Obama has pledged to address .
There is no indication the Arab and Israeli leaders will meet directly .
Mr Obama 's spokesman Robert Gibbs said the visits were likely to take place before the president 's scheduled trip to France on 6 June .
" With each of them the president will discuss ways the United States can strengthen and deepen our partnerships with them , as well as the steps all parties must take to achieve peace between Israel and the Palestinians and Israel and the Arab states , " Mr Gibbs told a news conference .
What we want to do is to step back from the abyss
President Barack Obama
He said the invitations had been extended after Mr Obama met Jordan 's King Abdullah II at the White House on Tuesday .
Mr Obama has " invited other key partners in the effort to achieve a comprehensive peace in the Middle East to the White House in the coming weeks " .
He added : " We are actively working to finalise dates for the visits . "
Mr Obama 's envoy George Mitchell has made several trips to the region , meeting Israel 's recently installed prime minister , who Arab critics have characterised as an opponent of a negotiated peace settlement .
Speaking to reporters after talks with King Abdullah II , Mr Obama said there was " profound cynicism " surrounding the peace process .
" Unfortunately , right now what we 've seen not just in Israel , but within the Palestinian territories , among the Arab states , worldwide , is a profound cynicism about the possibility of any progress being made whatsoever .
" What we want to do is to step back from the abyss , to say , as hard as it is , as difficult as it may be , the prospect of peace still exists , but it 's going to require some hard choices . "
He added that he hoped " gestures of good faith " would be made " on all sides " in the coming months , although he did not specify what those gestures would be .
The US supports a two - state solution , with Israel existing peacefully alongside a Palestinian state .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The couple had separated but were still close at the time of Mr Gilmore 's death Police have apologised to a widow for giving her the rope her husband had used to kill himself .
Angie Gerelli , 52 , who was separated from her husband , was given the rope when officers returned his possessions .
Computer trainee John Gilmore , 50 , was found dead in a park near his home in Barry , Vale of Glamorgan , in November .
Ch Insp Jay Dave of South Wales Police said : " This was a very unfortunate incident and I would like to apologise for any distress caused as a result . "
He said the officers concerned would be " spoken to " and steps would be taken to ensure it never happened again .
Mr Gilmore 's possessions were returned to his wife , who lives in Amersham , Buckinghamshire , because she was his next of kin .
Police had given
Ms Gerelli three bags containing her husband 's laptop , wallet and briefcase , but when she looked in the bags she noticed the rope .
I am appalled - it was the most insensitive thing to do
Angie Gerelli
" I saw a yellow colour and realised what I had in my hand .
I went to pieces and I just sunk to the floor , " she said .
" I dropped the rope and put my hands to my face . "
Despite being separated for four years , the couple were still close .
" I am appalled - it was the most insensitive thing to do .
I asked the officer if a gun would be given to the widow of a man who shot himself , " she said .
" He said they would n't because a gun is an illegal weapon - but as far as I 'm concerned this rope was just like an illegal weapon . "
Officers later telephoned Ms Gerelli to apologise for their insensitivity .
An inquest earlier this month determined that computer student Mr Gilmore had taken his own life in Porthkerry country park where he was discovered on the afternoon of 2 November by a dog walker .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Did you know that SQS costs a dollar per million messages ?
That ’s sent or received , so really it ’s 2 bucks a million .
Another thing with SQS : it ’s slow .
Even with 200 connections adding 10 K messages takes minutes .
[ Actual # : 10000 100 byte strings from an EC2 instance takes 200 seconds . ]
So I played with RabbitMQ .
Phil J told me about it .
Normally when he says something I just do it , but this time I wanted at least to prove to myself that he was right .
If you want to replace SQS with an AMQP like RabbitMQ , here ’s what you do .
You make a ‘ direct exchange ’ with the routing key being the queue name .
You bind the queue to the exchange with the routing key and messages sent to the exchange are forwarded to the relevant queues .
Consumers then get directly from the queue and send an “ ack ” when they are done , which pops it off the queue .
There ’s two consuming methods , one is called basic_consume which appears to block all other consumers from reading the queue ( do n’t know why ) and one is basic_get which acts like SQS in that multiple consumers can check the queue and send acks independently of the get .
Other exchange types are “ fanout ” which sends a message to everybody , and “ topic ” which lets you set a hierarchy of queue names to group clusters of workers .
I used the py - amqp library in python to get this done , it just worked .
Other good links : performance test code , queue w/ thrift , amqp description .
Adding 10000 ~100 byte json strings to Rabbit in durable mode from a low - end amzn instance ( not the rabbit instance ) takes ~5 seconds .
That ’s 40 x faster for sending than SQS .
Messages can be retrieved serially from a single thread at about 25 msgs / second ( again , more threads == same retrieval rate ) Adding 100 K messages to Rabbit took 55 seconds .
During message production @ 10 K msgs , the beam process has about 15 % CPU and 5 % RAM on the amzn instance it ’s hosted on .
During retrieval , the CPU drops to 0.5 % .
At idle RAM stays at 5 with no CPU .
I added 2 M messages to test RAM usage and RAM went up to 50 % ( 1.7 GB total on these boxes . )
Lots of talk about how to make this easier on yourself here but the overall word is to not have that many unread messages sitting around .
Costs for rabbit : $ 72 / mo for the rabbit instance if I want to keep it segregated .
Requests are free if i stay in ec2 .
Upsides : much faster adding , more flexible , slightly cheaper .
Downsides : something I have to think about , backup , image , etc , although so far it seems pretty hands - off and I can put the persistent data on an EBS w/ an hourly snapshot just in case .
Edit : Some code in Python using py - amqp follows .
All I had to do on the server was apt - get install erlang and then install the RabbitMQ . deb file and poke a hoke in the amzn security group for the AMQP port 5672 .
I did n’t do any other config on the rabbitMQ server to be able to run this code .
( Obviously for real world use you ’ll want auth & stuff )
import simplejson import amqplib.client_0_8 as amqp class Queue ( ) : " " " Base class for AMQP queue service . " " " def __init__( self , queue_name ) : self.conn = amqp.Connection ( ' HOST_HERE ' , userid= ' guest ' , password= ' guest ' , ssl= False ) self.queue_name = queue_name self.ch = self.conn.channel( ) def declare ( self ) : return self.ch.queue_declare(self.queue_name , passive = False , durable = True , exclusive = False , auto_delete= False ) def __len__( self ) : " " " Return number of messages waiting in this queue " " " _ , n_msgs , _ = self .declare ( ) return n_msgs def consumers ( self ) : " " " Return how many clients are currently listening to this queue . " " " _ , _, n_consumers = self.declare ( ) return n_consumers class QueueProducer ( Queue ) : def __init__ ( self , queue_name ) : " " " Create new queue producer ( guy that creates messages . )
Will create a queue if the given name does not already exist . " " " Queue.__init__(self , queue_name ) self.ch.access_request('/data', active=True , read=False , write=True ) self.ch.exchange_declare('sqs_exchange ' , ' direct ' , durable = True , auto_delete= False ) qname , n_msgs , n_consumers = self .declare ( ) print " Connected to %s ( %d msgs , %d consumers ) " % ( qname , n_msgs , n_consumers ) self.ch.queue_bind(self.queue_name , ' sqs_exchange ' , self.queue_name ) def delete ( self ) : " " " Delete a queue and closes the queue connection . " " " self.ch.queue_delete(self.queue_name ) self.ch.close ( ) def write ( self , message ) : " " " Write a single message to the queue .
Message can be a dict or a list or whatever . " " " m = amqp.Message(simplejson.dumps(message ) , content_type='text/x-json ' ) self.ch.basic_publish(m , ' sqs_exchange ' , self.queue_name ) class QueueConsumer ( Queue ) : def __init__ ( self , queue_name ) : " " " Create new queue consumer ( guy that listens to messages . ) " " " Queue.__init__(self , queue_name ) self.ch.access_request('/data' , active=True , read =True , write = False ) self.ch.queue_bind(self.queue_name , ' sqs_exchange ' , self.queue_name ) def ack ( self , delivery_tag ) : " " " Acknowledge receipt of the message ( which will remove it off the queue . )
Do this after you 've completed your processing of the message .
Otherwise after some amount of time ( about a minute ) it will go back on the queue .
e.g. ( object , tag ) = consumer.get ( ) if ( object is not None ) : error = doSomething WithMessage ( object ) if ( error is None ) : consumer.ack ( tag ) " " " self.ch.basic_ack(delivery_tag ) def get ( self ) : " " " Get a message .
Returns the object and a delivery tag . " " " m = self.ch.basic_get(self.queue_name ) if ( m is not None ) : try : ret = simplejson.loads ( m.body ) except ValueError : print " Problem decoding json for body " + str( m.body ) + ". deleting . " self.ack(m.delivery_tag ) return ( None , None ) return ( ret , m.delivery_tag ) else : return ( None , None )
We ’re open because of our people
Red Hatters are empowered to contribute their ideas and skills , no matter their job title .
Passionate , diverse groups of people are free to debate , collaborate , and take action .
Together , we create an environment where the best ideas thrive .
Sunday , warez site Funky Space Monkey announced the release of Crackulous 0.9 , a GUI front end to xCrack .
Crackulous , as the name suggests , removes the DRM from App Store software , allowing users to distribute pirated programs outside of App Store channels without the developers or Apple getting paid .
Crackulous was developed at Hackulo.us , a donation - supported forum dedicated to , well , stealing software .
There 's really no way to put a good spin on it .
Crackulous is the brainchild of iPhone pirate Salad Fork , who notoriously called an early leak of his software " absolutely disgusting and downright insulting . "
Back in November , Mr. Fork became outraged when his pirating software was pirated and released without his consent or control .
Today , he must be experiencing another wave of stress : the otherwise free Crackulous software has already been repirated and is being sold for ten bucks a pop in a new wave of poetic justice .
What Crackulous does
According to the Crackulous v.9 specs , the software lets you " [ c ] rack Applications from the App Store !
Share them with the community !
Crackulous can crack multiple applications at a time , with the most POWERFUL and EASIEST to use application available . "
Here 's how it works : users pay for and download a legitimate copy of each application from the App Store .
Then they apply the Crackulous crack to create a version that can be distributed and run from a jailbroken file system .
Finally they upload the cracked version to a warez site , where the software is hosted for downloads .
Once cracked , the Hackulo .us onsite FAQ strongly encourages users to upload their application to Appulous , their online repository for cracked iPhone apps .
Appulous members can then download the pirated software for free .
Like Hackulous , Appulous is presumably supported by donations to cover hosting and bandwidth costs .
A rather touching notice at the bottom of the main Appulous page mentions that " Appulo.us , its logo , website , and web application are Copyright � 2008 Appulo.us .
iPhone and iPod Touch are registered trademarks of Apple , Inc .
All other contents are copyrighted and trademarked by their respective owners . "
It 's good to see that the Appulous owners are so scrupulous about enforcing copyright .
Pirated pirating
As of today , the Hackulo .us forum mods claim they 've hosted over 20,000 legitimate downloads , for whatever value of " legitimate " they may be using .
In this case , they refer to people who have not appropriated the Crackulous software and are attempting to sell that software for profit .
Because , yes , once again Crackulous has been pirated .
The Crackulous.net site is selling Crackulous for $ 10 a pop — at least for now .
The price is due to head up to $ 20 per copy , making the current $ 10 PayPal price a Great Bargain .
Amusingly , the Crackulous. net site accuses the ( original ) free version of being malware and adds in its " Is Cracukulous illegal " FAQ : " Of course not !
Even the folks in Cupertino use Crackulous for testing iPhone applications and sharing them with their friends and family . "
Whoever developed this site surely had quite the sense of humor .
In a fit of indignant ire , the Crackulous developers are offended that the fruits of their hard work and effort are being distributed by and profited from others .
The Hackulo.us announcement notes that one such party ( by which we assume they refer to Crackulous. net ) has reported earnings of $ 40 , or 4 copies at $ 10 per copy .
They write , " We've had well over 20,000 legitimate downloads , so his 4 is n't much of a penetration -- but hey , it 's fun to virtually punch pathetic losers like this in the face . "
No , you can not make this stuff up .
Effect on App Store and developers
To date , there have been approximately 500 million App Store downloads , serving approximately 10 million iPhones .
Compared to that 10 million + number , the 20,000 users of Crackulous represent an extremely limited subset of users .
Yes , each Crackulous user can provide a copy of software that may reach thousands of users , but on the whole , Crackulous does not seem to present a serious threat to the App Store ecosystem .
Crackulous and Appulous users are limited to those who have taken the time to jailbreak their iPhones and , beyond that , to the minority who actively engage in software pirating .
The biggest cost to developers looks as if it will be to support users who have not paid for their licenses and who are using application - specific services such as Web bandwidth or tech support for products they have n't bought .
These costs are real and serious but they 're unlikely to tip a developer from being able to operate with profits into losing money .
Apple is probably not going to do more than issue a few take - down notices in order to affirmatively protect its rights .
As for developers , dealing with pirates is part of the normal status quo of the software business .
For now , there 's little that can be done .
The doctors say more and more people are wearing masks Guadalupe and Arturo are doctors working in the Mexico City area .
Guadalupe works in cardiology and her husband works in the emergency services .
They are writing a diary for the BBC News website about their experiences with swine flu and how it affects the health community .
Swine flu :
Your experiences TUESDAY , MAY 5
Over the weekend there were no reports of deaths from influenza related pneumonia .
This gives out the impression that the outbreak is diminishing .
Out in the streets , less people are using face masks .
Out in the streets , less people are using face masks
I think this is a mistake , because there is still risk of contagion and of a reactivation of the outbreak .
We do n't want this to happen .
Maybe people are feeling a bit of relief because the media is reporting a reduction in the number of new influenza cases .
But where I work , some doctors are still refusing to treat patients .
And there 's a region that is forbidding buses coming from Mexico City for fear of contagion .
This weekend , we stayed at home , with all the family .
And we continued with all the preventative measures .
FRIDAY , 1 MAY People are still taking extreme precautions and are following the advice of the health sector and the media .
You do n't see many people out on the streets .
Yesterday , not many people came for consultation with respiratory symptoms .
Only one patient was admitted during my shift .
I think this gives the feeling of a fall in the number of cases and indicates that there is now better control over the propagation of the virus .
We hope this is true , for the good of our population and the rest of the world .
We use masks , we wash our hands frequently , we clean the door knobs and the water taps
Even so , we still believe that the alert level issued by the WHO is still high , so we are still facing uncertainty .
We doctors are dealing with this outbreak by treating the seriously ill patients directly in the emergency room using personal protective equipment like N95 face masks , white coats , goggles and gloves .
We wash our hands every time we check a patient and clean the stethoscope every time .
We use anti-virals in a prophylactic [ preventative ] way .
We also take preventative measures at home .
We use masks , we wash our hands frequently , we clean the door knobs and the water taps .
We avoid going out in the streets as much as possible .
We have alerted our relatives in other regions over the phone and told them to follow all the necessary preventative measures .
They think that because there have been no cases where they live the outbreak is not true , or they minimise its importance .
WEDNESDAY , 29 APRIL Today another five cases of influenza related pneumonia were admitted during my work shift , despite the fact that fewer people went to hospital with symptoms of influenza .
In the hospital where I work there is little support from other services such as internal medicine and the intensive care unit .
There is an emergency going on in our country and we need to work as one
It is my opinion that this is wrong , because there is an emergency going on in our country and we need to work as one .
The workload lies mostly on the shoulders of the resident medical staff of the emergency room and the infectology service , with intermittent support from other services such as general surgery and the ear and throat department .
But there is support by the paramedic team , which I consider very valuable .
There are differences between the media and the health secretary about the number of deaths reported .
I think it is the media that is right , the number of deaths reported should be higher .
The government decided to close schools throughout the country and a friend of mine who is in Cancun told me that there are no tourists and the beaches are empty .
TUESDAY , 28 APRIL
People are taking the preventative measures seriously .
They are being informed about them by various media outlets .
More and more people are using masks .
Patients continue to pour in with flu symptoms .
Some have very serious pneumonia
During consultations we try to calm patients by informing them that this illness has a cure but that early detection and treatment is important to avoid complications .
We are advising patients to continue with preventative measures .
In some hospitals there are problems because certain services do not want to see these patients due to risk of infection .
In some places undergraduate interns are acting as duty doctors while other hospitals are hit by absenteeism .
There is an overwhelming feeling of uncertainty .
Having to use protective equipment , especially face masks , and above all heavy duty versions , makes our daily duties much harder , because they make it difficult to communicate with patients , and cause other problems such as skin irritation ; we desperately want to remove our masks but cannot do so due to the risks involved .
Patients continue to pour in with flu symptoms .
Some have very serious pneumonia and need to be put on ventilators .
I think the total number of deaths is far beyond the seven who have tested positive for the infection .
Even though the measures being taken are adequate , there is a lot of disorganisation .
MONDAY , 27 APRIL
We are scared of carrying it into our homes and infecting our loved ones .
One of my colleagues who was exposed chose to stay in a hotel rather than run the risk of infecting her daughters
The number of cases increases significantly every day .
The number of fatalities is also increasing .
I know of at least three doctors who are said to have died from swine flu .
There is great fear among the medical community .
We know that the situation is very serious and that we are at high risk of infection .
But we are more scared of carrying it into our homes and infecting our loved ones .
One of my colleagues who was exposed chose to stay in a hotel rather than run the risk of infecting her daughters .
These fears are getting worse as we realise that it is not possible to get anti-viral drugs from pharmacies and that in the health sector they are being delivered little by little .
The government says that it has antiviral drugs available to treat a million cases but we do not have easy access to these , even though we are part of the health sector .
In one hospital doctors were given the anti-viral rimantadine , even though there is resistance to this drug .
Also , fewer samples are being taken from severe cases , as there is a lack of means for transporting and cultivating the samples .
SUNDAY , 26 APRIL
There have been some cases of young people dying from respiratory infections but this happened before the alert and they were not reported because the necessary tests were n't done .
We doctors knew this was happening a week before the alert was issued and were told to get vaccinated .
I went to buy some anti-virals for my husband , who is also a doctor , because he had contact with a young patient who showed influenza symptoms and died .
I do n't think pharmacies stock enough anti-virals .
I understand the government does n't want to generate panic , but my personal opinion is that they issued the alert too late .
Even now , people are not getting the information they need .
We have been out in the street and some people are not wearing masks or taking any preventative measures .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
And so it begins .
The trustee trying to find money to give to Bernie Madoff 's swindled clients has finally started going after those who took money out of the Ponzi scheme in the months before it collapsed .
The legal logic is that the money these " winners " took out belonged to someone else .
WSJ : Irving Picard ... on Thursday filed a lawsuit in bankruptcy court in Manhattan against Vizcaya Partners Ltd. , a Madoff investor based in the British Virgin Islands , and the investor 's bank , Gibraltar - based Banque Jacob Safra Ltd .
The suit seeks $ 150 million in funds , which were withdrawn about six weeks before Mr. Madoff 's scheme was exposed ...
The process of grabbing money that had been paid out to investors as part of the fraud had been anticipated , but appears to be ramping up with Thursday 's lawsuit ... Vizcaya opened its Madoff account in 2001 and used the Gibraltar bank to wire a total of about $ 327 million to the Madoff firm before the October redemption .
Under the U.S. bankruptcy code , Mr. Picard can sue investors for any fictional profits as well as the principal investment that they withdrew in the past six years .
Such so - called clawback provisions are based on the logic that the redemptions were paid using other investors ' money .
It is unclear whether Mr. Picard plans to go after investors ' principal investment .
Also under the code , if investors made withdrawals in the 90 days prior to the Madoff firm 's collapse , the process for grabbing that money is easier for Mr. Picard .
It 's not clear whether Vizcaya Partners withdrew other money from Madoff before the October redemption .
If not , Vizcaya is now in the infuriating position of being down almost $ 200 million and being told it is legally obligated to be down $ 350 million .
And that $ 327 million , of course , is the money that Vizcaya actually invested , not the amount it thought it had with Madoff .
Vizcaya , therefore , does not appear to be a true Madoff " winner " -- one of the thousands of clients who took not only principal but gains out over the years .
It will be interesting to see whether Picard goes after them .
Some guy bought a new refrigerator for his house .
To get rid of his old fridge , he put it in his front yard and hung a sign on it saying :
" Free to good home .
You want it , you take it . "
For three days the fridge sat there without even one person looking twice at it .
He eventually decided that people were too un-trusting of this deal .
It looked too good to be true , so he changed the sign to read :
" Fridge for sale $ 50 . "
The next day someone stole it !
SELF -REGULATION by internet authorities and internet service providers ( ISPs ) may be having some effect in combatting the worst kinds of online crime .
Last year there were 10 % fewer websites hosting indecent images of children than in 2007 , according to the Internet Watch Foundation ( IWF ) , which deals with criminal internet content reported in Britain .
Although a worrying 1,530 sites were in operation globally , this is somewhat lower than the peak of almost 2,000 in 2006 , perhaps because of more effective co-operation from ISPs and better data sharing with international authorities .
The IWF notes that domains are often moved around every few days , making it much harder to block them .
AFP
Two balloons , two landers , and an orbiter could be sent together to Venus in a major ‘ flagship ’ mission ( Image : NASA / JPL )
An aluminium - coated balloon that could be used to explore Venus for weeks is being tested at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( Image : NASA / JPL )
Two high - altitude balloons built to hover in sulphuric acid clouds could be part of a future fleet of spacecraft sent to Venus , a NASA advisory team says .
Advertisement
The multi-billion - dollar mission concept – which is being considered for launch in the next fifteen years – could help reveal more about Venus ’s runaway greenhouse effect , any oceans it may once have had , and possible ongoing volcanic activity .
It could be the next flagship mission sent to a planet , after a planned mission to Jupiter and its moons set for launch in 2020 .
The Venus mission would cost some $ 3 billion to 4 billion and would launch between 2020 and 2025 , according to NASA , which in 2008 tasked a group of scientists and engineers to formulate goals for the mission .
The team ’s study , which will be released in April , outlines a plan to study the hazy planet , which has more in common with Earth than any other in terms of distance from the Sun , size and mass , but evolved into an inhospitable world where surface temperatures hover close to 450 °C and sulphuric acid rains from the sky .
The team ’s mission concept includes one orbiter , two balloons and two short - lived landers , all of which would launch into space on two Atlas V rockets .
“ Our understanding of Venus is so low , we really need this armada , ” says planetary scientist Mark Bullock of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colorado , one of the team leaders .
Signs of water
As an ensemble , the spacecraft could help reveal what happened to Venus ’s oceans .
Researchers believe water was once plentiful enough to have been able to cover the entire planet in a layer 100 metres deep .
But Venus ’s hothouse climate eventually dried up most of this water , a process that might have also slowed and eventually stopped plate tectonics on the planet .
The landers , which would only last a few hours in the intense heat , could look for evidence of minerals formed by water .
Since such hydrated minerals have a limited lifetime , they could help reveal how long Venus ’s oceans might have lasted , a question that could shed light on whether life might have arisen on the planet .
Long - lived balloons
The mission ’s two balloons would each carry a gondola full of scientific instruments to sniff the atmosphere at an altitude of 55 kilometres .
The last balloons to study Venus , sent by the Soviet Union , descended into the planet ’s hazy atmosphere in 1985 .
Each is thought to have lasted just a few days .
But the NASA balloons could be designed to last for a month , enough time for each to circumnavigate the planet seven times .
The mission could also help reveal more about the origin of Venus ’s current carbon dioxide atmosphere , which produces crushing surface pressures 90 times those on Earth .
Cataclysmic impact
It ’s unclear whether the planet once lost much of its atmosphere in a cataclysmic impact , like the Earth did in the impact that formed the Moon , later replenishing it with volcanic activity , or whether it has held onto its original atmosphere .
The balloons and descending landers could study this by measuring isotopes of xenon , an unreactive gas that is relatively heavy and therefore should stay put in the atmosphere , barring any violent impacts .
If lightweight isotopes of the gas are relatively abundant , that would suggest that the planet has held onto much of its original atmosphere .
The balloons would also be test particles that could be used to track Venus ’s super - fast winds , which , for reasons that are still not understood , move around the planet 60 times faster than the planet ’s surface rotates .
Active volcanism
The orbiter could reveal whether geological activity continues on the planet , by looking for bulges on the surface that could signal ongoing volcanic activity .
This activity has been hinted at by the presence of sulphuric acid in the atmosphere , but never seen .
Venus boasts the most volcanoes of any planet in the solar system , and nearly 90 % of its surface is covered by basaltic lava flows .
Finding ongoing volcanic activity in certain spots would help account for the planet ’s extreme climate .
Although such a mission is at least a decade away , preliminary work may need to begin now .
“ Because it ’s such a challenging mission , we are going to recommend NASA begin investing in the required technology right away , ” Bullock told New Scientist .
Balloon tests
At NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory , research is already being done in the hopes of eventually getting funding to launch a smaller balloon - only mission to Venus , called VALOR .
The balloon is made of high - strength polymers and coated with aluminium to deflect most of the Sun ’s radiation , which could cause the balloon to heat up and burst .
A layer of Teflon protects the balloon from sulphuric acid in Venus ’s atmosphere .
Later this year , the team is planning its first in - air deployment of the balloon .
A helicopter will be used to carry the folded - up prototype to an altitude of 2 to 3 kilometres , where it will be released and inflated with helium while dropping to Earth beneath a parachute .
The time has come for the People of Planet Earth to rise up and demand the Re-Legalization of Marijuana .
In the weeks between the election and the inauguration President Obama created the change.gov website in order to gather policy recommendation from the American People .
To Obama ’s surprise the most recommended “ change , ” from the American People was to Re-Legalize Marijuana for both medical and personal use .
And how did President Obama respond to “ We the American People ? ”
He flatly rejected the will of the American People by stating :
“ I am not going to Legalize Marijuana . ”
Next , merely days after he was inaugurated he allowed the Federal Drug Enforcement Administration to raid multiple Medical Grow Operations in California and other states where the people passed initiatives to allow the Medicinal use of Marijuana .
This was a blatant betrayal of his campaign promise to stop the DEA raids on “ Medical Grow Operations . ”
Well , President Obama , we are no longer going to tolerate your dismissive “ Yes We Can’t ” on Marijuana Re-Legalization .
It is no longer “ Yes We Can’t ” unless it serves the interests of the Global Elite whom I believe you represent .
From now on our battle cry will be “ We Demand ” that you Re- Legalize Marijuana ..
We are n’t taking “ no ” for an answer any longer .
Frankly 70 years of Marijuana Prohibition is 70 years too long .
To see how absurd the War on Marijuana has become all you have to do is look at the number of people getting busted each year .
Just in the last 20 years the number of Americans getting arrested , mainly for mere possession , has nearly tripled .
I would not be the least bit surprised if we do n’t see over 1 million Americans getting busted in the first year of your administration .
And that would be 1 million too many .
The MERP Model can be succinctly described as follows
“ The MERP model of Marijuana Re-Legalization would minimally allow non-commercial cultivation of up to 100 plants , by adults above the age of 18 , without any form of government taxation , regulation or other interference . ”
The “ moneyed ” drug reform organizations ( e.g. , those supported by Soros , Sperling and Lewis ) will have nothing to do with the MERP Model contending that this is far too radical .
The groups which they fund , such as the Marijuana Policy Project ( MPP ) and the Drug Policy Alliance ( DPA ) , are only interested in “ tax and regulate ” proposals for Marijuana reform .
It really makes you wonder how serious they are about Re-Legalizing Marijuana and also , whether they somehow how to profit from a “ tax and regulate ” model .
But the MERP Model is really not significantly different than the way we allow US citizens to produce beer and wine within our homes .
Home beer and wine production is neither taxed nor is it significantly regulated .
And many activists need to be weaned from this false notion that the government should get to tax everything .
If they do n’t tax your tomatoes or your beer , why should they be allowed to tax your Cannabis ?
It should be emphasized that the MERP Model has intrinsic advantages over all the “ tax and regulate ” models that are promoted by the “ moneyed ” organizations .
For it is only by completely taking the profit out of Marijuana that we can effectively defund both drug gangs and the Mexican Drug Cartels that have now infiltrated most major cities throughout the United States .
It is estimated that nearly 20 billion dollars in Marijuana profits are redirected back to Mexico each year from Mexican Drug Cartels alone .
Under the MERP Model that 20 Billion would remain in the United States , stimulating the US economy : producing both jobs and tax revenue .
VIDEO LINK http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NoOTGCTKks
AND http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhrmQAAFG2s
AND http://www.newagecitizen.com/MERP/RelegalizeNowObama01.htm
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
According to a national science survey commissioned by the California Academy of Sciences , very few of us retained what we learned in school .
No way , really ?
Does n't one of these polls come around every few years to make us chuckle at how stupid we are ?
Well , my fellow ignoramuses , apparently this survey has a higher purpose .
Its intent seems to be drawing attention to the widely held belief that long - term solutions to many of the world 's most pressing issues must include a transition to a more knowledge - based economy , including a focus on science , which is a major driver of innovation and industry .
In recent years , there have been a number of high - profile programs that provided laptops for all students within an education system , some of which have equipped an entire state 's student population with portable computers .
With laptop prices plunging in recent years , college students have adopted the laptop as their platform of choice at the same time that many universities have been rolling out campus - wide wireless Internet access .
Recent studies of the educational value of in - class computer use , however , are suggesting that it 's difficult for these programs to improve classroom performance , and there are some signs that a backlash may be brewing .
Mixed results in primary education
The most obvious use of laptops in the classroom has been the adoption of state - wide programs that are intended to create a 1:1 ratio of laptops to students in the classroom .
These programs are intended to do everything from improve technological literacy to raise standardized test scores , but a recent analysis of the published literature on the topic suggests that the results are mixed .
The 1:1 laptop programs do seem to help with the students ' ability to use the technology they 're exposed to , and a variety of studies show what might be an unexpected benefit : improved writing skills .
Apparently , the ease of using a word processor , along with the ability to go back and modify things that would otherwise have been committed to paper , helps students learn how to write more coherent and persuasive text .
Outside of these areas , however , the benefits of 1:1 laptop availability are mixed .
Different studies have found changes in math and science test performance that were inconsistent .
In general , the authors argue , the benefits of laptops come in cases where the larger educational program has been redesigned to incorporate their unique capabilities , and the teachers have been trained in order to better integrate laptop use into the wider educational experience .
Both of these processes are resource - intensive , and the degree of their success may vary from classroom to classroom even in a single school , which is likely to explain the wide variability in the results .
Distractions on campus
Similar things are likely to apply at the college level ; unless the use of laptops is focused on providing a relevant portion of the lesson plan , they 'll ( obviously ) wind up being irrelevant at best , and a distraction at worst .
A description of the use of laptops at the US Military Academy at West Point bears that out .
Even in an environment where the students might be expected to be disciplined , the authors describe how instructors learned to identify when students were distracted by surfing the web or engaging in online chat .
Of course , given their popularity with college students , laptops are showing up in classrooms where they have nothing to do with lesson plans at all .
The primary justification is obvious : most computer users can type faster than they can write .
As long as a class is n't too symbol - or diagram - heavy , a laptop is an efficient note - taking device .
Since many campuses now sport ubiquitous wireless access , a laptop can be helpful for looking up relevant information , a process that has the potential to enhance the academic experience .
That 's the theory .
The reality is that everything from IM chats to online shopping excursions take place over the in - class ether , distracting everyone involved : the student , his or her neighbors , and potentially the professors , who may watch their grip on the classroom slowly slipping away .
It 's not much of a surprise , then , that a backlash appears to be brewing .
The report , in the Boulder Daily Camera ( via the Chronicle of Higher Education ) , describes how even students are becoming irate about being distracted by their fellows , with one reporting that his classmates were watching movies that competed for his attention .
Some professors have instituted total bans on the use of laptops in the classroom .
Although these stories all come from one campus , the experience is clearly not unique ; in one class I helped teach , a guest lecturer ended his talk with an extended complaint about the regular laptop - notetakers , who he assumed were working on something else .
What 's to be done ?
Outright bans are unlikely to be a long - term solution as students ' reliance on digital technology is only likely to increase .
One alternative — wandering the classroom to monitor what students are doing ( used both at the University of Colorado - Boulder and West Point ) — is n't going to work in all contexts .
At CU , one professor is taking a fairly simple approach to dealing with the problem of in - class distraction .
She simply registers who the heaviest laptop users in her classroom are , and then tracks their grades .
If there are signs that it 's a distraction that 's reflected in their grades , she points that out to them , and suggests they consider changing their habits .
Our own Jacqui Cheng suggests a variation on this : make all laptop users sit in the back , so that they only distract each other , and let them figure out whether their grades are suffering on their own .
In any case , whatever solutions are found now are likely to be a temporary fix , and the shrinking of laptops and rise of smartphones are going to provide the next generation of students with a wealth of new , and harder to manage , distractions .
Carmen 1 ( in English by Ozlem ) <<  >>
Available in Latin , Brazilian Port. , Chinese , Croatian , Danish , Dutch , English , Esperanto , Finnish , French , German , Hindi , Hungarian , Italian , Korean , Polish , Rioplatense , Romanian , Scanned , Spanish , Turkish , Ukrainian , and Vercellese .
Compare two languages here .
To whom do I dedicate this charming slim volume ,
just now polished with dry pumice stone ?
For you Cornellius , for you were accustomed to think
that my scribblings were something .
When already at the same time , you alone
dared to unfold the whole age of Italians in three scrolls ,
learned , by Jupiter , and weighty !
For that reason have for yourself whatever this little book is ,
and whatever you like , oh patron maiden ,
let it last a long time , for more than one generation !
© copyright 18 - 10-2003 by Ozlem
Share this text :
A couple of weeks ago on Newsbeat we reported how men aged between 20 and 24 were just as likely to be abused by their partners as women in the same age group .
Today on 1Xtra the documentary Boys Don't Cry takes a look at male domestic abuse in more detail , including interviews with male victims and a woman who abused her partner .
This is Lucy 's story ...
1Xtra documentaries : Listen to Boys Don't Cry and have your say
It would feel like a welling up of fury , emotion , a cyclone just thrashing around , not in control at all , and the only way I felt I was being an effective communicator at the time was to lash out , whether it be with my fists or legs or biting , pinching , anything .
I would pick up food , scrunch it in my hand and throw it round the room , and then walk out and I would n't come back until it was all tidied up .
I hit my husband in the face with a boot and broke his nose .
With my last husband I threw a teapot of hot tea over him .
On the very last occasion , and I was n't even aware that I was doing it , it was only what he told me afterwards .
We were at the top of the stairs , he was going down backwards and I was pushing him , punching and kicking .
By the grace of God , he did n't miss his footing because I could have been done for murder or manslaughter .
I considered it to be the normal , run of how a row went .
I did n't consider it to be domestic violence .
It was a pattern of behaviour that I had subconsciously learnt as a child , where I used to have these eruptions where I used to run away and come back when I felt calmer and it just grew out of control when I became an adult .
At the end of a cycle of violence I was evicted and arrested .
I was charged originally but because I sought psychiatric and psychological help , the charges were dropped .
It makes me feel like I failed .
It does n't make me feel good .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The current trend in penis enlargement medicines has created a multimillion - dollar industry that reaps huge profits by exploiting men ’s preoccupation over the size of their manhood .
It ’s a known fact that worrying about the size of the penis has long been the cause of anxiety among men .
Men worry about the size of their copulation tool and how much that affects the pleasure they can give their partner in bed .
A key question regarding this preoccupation is whether it is well - founded .
Do men worry about the size of their penis because it is really smaller or is it all in their head ?
Research has indicated that the worry about penis size may well be misguided among most men .
In other words , many men underestimate the size of their penis .
So , what exactly is the normal size of the penis that a man should be content with ?
Penis Size : What ’s Standard and What ’s Not
The human penis varies in size from man to man .
This variation is majorly established by measuring the length and girth ( circumference ) of an erect penis .
While there are numerous versions of what the normal size of a penis should be , a 2015 systematic review study seems to have put the standard to record .
The study reviewed 17 studies where up to 15,521 men had their penis measured by a health professional with a standard procedure .
It revealed that the average length of a flaccid penis is 9.16 cm ( 3.6 in ) and its average girth is 9.31 cm ( 3.66 in ) .
The average length of an erect penis is 13.24 cm ( 5.21 in ) and its average girth is 11.66 cm ( 4.59 in ) .
The implication is that some men will have a longer or shorter penis when compared to the average measure .
But the question still remains :
When should a man worry that his manhood is way below the average measure ?
A medical approach to this question indicates that men with an abnormally small penis have the medical condition described as a micropenis .
Those with the condition have it already at birth .
The maximum length of an erect micropenis in an adult male is 9.3 cm ( 3.67 in ) .
But only 0.6 % of men in the world have a micropenis .
This means that 99.4 % of men have a normal size penis !
Even as men ‘ cry ’ over smaller penises , it might be worth noting that a man may be deprived of the highly sought emotional and psychological satisfaction if he has an extremely large penis .
Take for example the Mexican Roberto Esquivel Cabrera .
The current news indicates that he has the longest penis ( 18.9 in /48.00 cm ) .
But this extra length deprives him of the ability to be with a woman and has seen him registered as disabled .
Besides , he is consistently susceptible to infections due to the extra skin on his manhood .
As can be deduced from the foregoing , most men worry when their manhood is actually within the typical range for penis size .
So , why do men worry so much about the size of their ‘ within standard ’ penis ?
Reasons Men Worry About Their Penis Size
There are several reasons why men worry about the size of their penis even when their manhood is within the typical range .
Here are 3 of the most common reasons .
1. Cultural perceptions and media images
Most cultures and present - day media ideas and images equate a man ’s penis size with power and masculinity .
Considering the conditioning effect of these two systems , a lot of men worry that they do not meet the expected standards of penis size .
But this happens without solid reasons .
2. Women preferences about penis size
There is a widespread belief that men with bigger penises offer greater pleasure in bed .
However , a study in 2006 underlines that the majority of women are satisfied with the size of their partner ’s penis , which implies that men may be worrying for no reason .
Despite this , women ’s preferences for penis size affects the self - esteem of many men .
A man who feels rejected by a woman owing to the size of his manhood may suffer from erectile dysfunction that is psychologically prompted rather than the fact that he has some physical defect .
3. Performance in bed
Men who find it difficult to obtain and maintain an erection may blame it on the size of their manhood .
And while this is a misguided perception , worrying about the size of your penis can cause erectile dysfunction .
A study in 2018 found statistical significance between a self - perceived small penis and erectile dysfunction .
In a world where sex is almost idolized , a man who is worried about the size of his penis is likely to seek ways of enlarging his member so that he can fit in .
This explains the expanded growth of the penis enlargement medicine industry .
But , what exactly are penis enlargement medicines and do they work ?
Penis Enlargement Medicines and Methods : Do They Work ?
There are many ways that men who perceive their penis to be smaller than normal use to try and enlarge it .
They include the following :
Using stretching devices
Vacuum pumps
Silicone injections
Hanging weight on the penis
Surgical procedures
Penis enlargement medicine ( pills , oils , and lotions )
While the proliferation of these medicines and methods is a fact , what is not certain is whether they give the enlargement that they claim to achieve .
It seems that there is no consensus regarding this query since some say they work and others hold they do n’t .
According to a study in 2010 , surgical interventions were so far the only scientifically proven method for penis - size enhancement .
A recent systematic review in 2019 , however , reports diverging results .
The review assessed 17studies with a total of 1,192 men who had done surgical and nonsurgical treatments for penis enlargement .
The effectiveness of the treatment was assessed based on an increase in penile size , patient satisfaction , and emerging complications .
Results showed that extenders , injectables , and surgical interventions achieved increment in either length or girth of the penis but injectables and surgical interventions came with a high rate of complications .
Vacuum pumps did not report any penile - size increment .
There is little research specific to the effectiveness of penis enlargement pills .
Whereas product reviews suggest that they are effective , critics see these suggestions as mere marketing strategies .
For example , a critical review on Researchgate written in 2017 suggests that Extenze , one of the commonly used penis extension pills , is overrated in the product reviews and that some of the expressions about the pill are unfounded .
In this article ’s conclusion , Extenze does not cause any of the penile extension effects it claims to achieve .
Besides , the lack of scientific evidence on the product ’s effectiveness puts in question its safety .
Despite the uncertainty surrounding the effectiveness of penis enlargement methods and medicines , the market is currently full of penis enlargement products with reviews advocating for their use and affirming their effectiveness .
What ’s more , men continue to consume them with the hope of enlarging their coitus tool .
Read on to discover some of the commonly used penis enhancement medicines including the aforementioned Extenze .
Most Commonly Used Penis Enlargement Medicines
Penis enlargement medicines are pills , oils , and lotions intended to increase the size of the penis in its length and girth .
The pill is the most common among these and has our focus .
The following are 5 of the common penis enhancement medications in the market .
Power Horse GROWTH XX Penis Enlargement Pills
Product descriptions on the Power Horse GROWTH XX supplement indicate that it is made from natural herbs including Ginseng , Maca , L - Arginine , and Tongkat Ali .
Sold in a bottle of 60 capsules , this ayurvedic medicine for sex is said to improve testosterone production and enhance energy and muscles in the penile area .
Extenze Penis Enlargement Medicine
Sold in a packet of 30 tablets , Extenze is described as a penis enlargement medicine that is taken daily to achieve four effects : boost pleasure and performance , increase energy and vitality and enhance your sex life .
According to the manufacturer ( Leading Edge Health ) , the product is made of natural ingredients including Tribulus Terrestris , DHEA , Horny goat weed , Gamma , Ginger , Yohimbe extract , L - Arginine , and Pregnenolone .
A tablet is be taken daily for 6 - 8 weeks .
Alpha Male Enlargement Pills
Alpha Male is described in product reviews as highly effective in penis enlargement .
This happens in a few months .
Reviews also describe the product as the result of a unique blend of natural ingredients .
Those indicated on the products container include Sarsaparilla , Pumpkin seed powder , Muira Puama , and Oat straw among others .
Product descriptions suggest that Alpha Male acts by enhancing blood flow in an erect penis so that the corpora cavernosa is enlarged to the maximum .
It is also suggested that the product increases both the length and girth of the penis .
X - Tend Panis Long and Strong Medicine
This product can be bought in a bottle of 60 pills to be ingested once daily .
According to product descriptions , it is meant to increase the size of the penis , thanks to its natural ingredients including Panas Ginseng , Tongkat Ali , L - Arginine , Maca , Tribulus , and Muira Puama .
Reviews also suggest that the product has powerful anti-oxidative , antibacterial and anti-inflammatory properties .
VigRX Plus Male Enhancement Pills
VigRX Plus is sold in a pack of 60 pills .
Indicated as a male virility herbal dietary supplement that enhances erection size and performance .
According to product descriptions , VifRX Plus expands the corpora cavernosa , thereby promoting sexual energy and function .
Product descriptions indicate that VigRX is safe and effective .
The addition of Bioperine to the herbal ingredients helps in their quick absorption .
As can be seen from the description of the products , they all indicate effectiveness in lengthening the penis and improving other related functions like testosterone production and muscle building .
But do these and other penis enlargement medicines have any adverse side effects ?
Yes !
There are many disadvantages associated with these products .
The Pros and Cons of Using Penis Enlargement Medicine
From the preceding information , it is clear that the effectiveness of penis enlargement medicines propagated in product descriptions and reviews is not certain .
There is little or no research associated with the effectiveness of these medications .
What ’s more , there are negative outcomes associated with these medicines and these always outweigh the advantages .
Pros of Using Penis Enlargement Pills
The general advantage associate with penis enlargement medicines is their capacity to enlarge manhood .
This has been explained in terms of improving blood flow in the penile area , increasing testosterone production , and enhancing virility and muscle build .
The cons , however , seem to outweigh this supposed advantage .
Cons Associated With Panis Long and Strong Medicine Usage
Several disadvantages are associated with the use of penile enlargement medicines .
Below are some of these cons .
Headaches due to the blood surge that comes with ingesting the medicines .
Nausea following the impact of the change made by the pill in the stomach
Warm flushes owing to the sudden rush of blood through the body
Allergic reactions that manifest in nasal congestion , vomiting , upset stomach , hives , itching in the eyes and skin , and numbness
Agitation and anxiety attacks
Dizziness due to the temporary imbalanced that the medication causes in the body
Fast heart rate due to accelerated blood flow
Unintended reactions of the penis such as priapism ( extended erection )
Tinnitus or the ringing of the ear as the body tries to adapt to the new substance
In extreme cases , one can get a stroke , heart attack or even die if the body organs fail to adapt to the substance
Even though not necessarily related to the pill , the use of injectables and other pressure exacting penis enlargement methods has been associated with deformity to the penis , the formation of nodules and ridges , and in some cases permanent damage .
Conclusion : Does Penis Enlargement Medicines and Other Methds Work ?
A yes or no answer may be difficult to give to the question of whether penis enlargement methods work .
From the information in this article , certain details should be considered before deciding to consume penis enlargement medicine and other methods .
Research on the effectiveness and benefits of penile enlargement medicines and methods is scant .
This means that men who consume these products rely solely on product descriptions and reviews .
It ’s important to remember that product descriptions have a primary marketing intention and may not tell you the facts as they stand .
The few existing clinical tests are broad and non-specific about the ability of these medicines to enlarge the penis .
For example , a clinical trial done in 2012 on VigRX Plus reports improved scores in erectile function , orgasm , sexual desire , and overall intercourse satisfaction .
There is no mention of increased penis size , even though the product is proposed for that purpose .
Enhancement is different from enlargement .
Male enhancement products provide temporary results in having and sustaining an erection and enhancing blood flow to the penis .
The intention in penis enlargement medicines is to give a permanent effect on the length and girth of the penis .
And as already discussed , the ability of these medicines to achieve a permanently lengthened penis is debated .
Penis size is a done deal !
According to some information from doctors reported on menshealth.com , the spongy erectile tissue in the penis fills with blood when you erect .
But this tissue is fixed to the pelvic bone and cannot be altered .
It will always maintain the length achieved by the end of puberty .
Hence , a penis enlargement pill may help you have a quicker and longer erection , owing to the surge in blood flow , but will not increase the size of your member .
Therefore , men who want to use penis enlargement pills or other ways to enlarge their penis size , need to realize that their penis is within the typical size range and that there ’s nothing wrong with them unless they have the medical condition earlier referred to as micropenis .
To be on the safer side , always talk to a certified doctor before initiating the use of penis enlargement products !
A controversial stem cell treatment tested in Brazil has freed patients with type - 1 diabetes from dependence on insulin .
Since the treatment some patients have been able to stop from injecting the drug for years .
“ It ’s the first time treatment has made patients insulin - free , although I never say it ’s a cure , ” says the co-leader of the team , Richard Burt of Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago , Illinois .
“ Some patients relapsed and had to go back to using insulin , but even if they did , they did n’t require as much as they did before the treatment . ”
The treatment is designed to stop the immune systems of patients with type - 1 diabetes from mistakenly destroying the pancreatic islet cells which manufacture insulin , the hormone that keeps blood sugar levels in check .
Advertisement
Spectacular preliminary results from the trial in 2007 were dismissed by some critics who claimed the outcomes may have been down to immunosuppressive drugs used in the treatment regime , or simply due to better care of the patients because they were in a clinical trial .
Islet recovery
But the latest results , which include updates on the original 15 patients and data from a further eight , suggest the treatment may indeed work as proposed .
Demonstrating that most patients had elevated blood concentrations of C - peptide , a breakdown product of insulin production , Burt says is a clear sign that the patients were making insulin themselves .
“ The remaining islets are not being attacked , and there ’s evidence of a recovery in the islet cells [ which produce insulin ] , ” says Burt .
In some patients , the levels of C - peptide trebled , reaching a peak about two to three years after treatment compared with beforehand .
Developed mainly by Burt ’s colleague Júlio Voltarelli of the Regional Blood Center in Ribeirão Preto , Brazil , the treatment relies on extracting and storing CD34 stem cells from the blood of patients .
These stem cells can grow into all white blood cells of the immune system .
In the next step , patients receive drugs that destroy what remains of their immune systems , obliterating at the same time the components of the immune system that attack the islets .
Finally , the saved stems are returned to the patient so that they can regenerate afresh an immune system that will no longer attack islet cells .
Insulin sufficiency
The latest results appear to show that in the 20 patients benefiting from the treatment , their blood contained elevated levels of C - peptide , proving that the patients were making insulin themselves .
Twelve of the 20 remain insulin - free , one for five years , four for three years , three for two years and another for one year .
Levels of C - peptide typically peaked about 2 years after treatment , trebling in concentration compared to beforehand .
“ The remaining islets are not being attacked , ” says Burt .
Even the eight who relapsed have been on lower doses of insulin than beforehand , and still have higher levels of C - peptide , suggesting that their islet cells have benefitted from the treatment .
Two became insulin - independent again after receiving the sugar - lowering drug , sitagliptin .
But the treatment did n’t work in three patients , and nine men later suffered from low sperm counts .
Another two suffered from pneumonia .
None of the patients died .
Follow - up trial
Burt says that a larger trial is now planned to take place both in Brazil and in the US .
This time , it will randomised so that some of the patients receive placebo .
As with the existing trial , newly - diagnosed patients will be selected .
They still have most of their islet cells , and so stand to benefit more than patients whose islet cells have been destroyed .
Burt also said that the treatment is unlikely to benefit type - 2 diabetics as they still make insulin anyway .
Their diabetes results because the rest of the cells in their body stop responding to insulin as they should .
But a similar procedure developed by Burt has already shown some success in another autoimmune disease , multiple sclerosis .
Results published in January showed that many patients benefitted , again , through reprogramming of their immune systems , this time to stop it from attacking nerve and brain cells .
Other researchers remain unconvinced .
“ It would be wrong to unnecessarily raise the hopes of people living with diabetes about a new treatment for the condition on the back of the evidence provided in this study , ” says Iain Frame , director of research at the health charity , Diabetes UK .
Frame welcomed the plans to include a control group in the next , expanded phase of the programme , and urged further research by the investigators to be sure that the treatment itself is causing the improvements .
Journal reference : Journal of the American Medical Association , vol 301 , p1573
For Immediate Release
Office of the Press Secretary
Contact 202-282-8010
Washington , D.C .
Secretary Napolitano :
This is the daily briefing to bring everybody up to speed on where things are with respect to the 2009 H1N1 virus .
The three of us just returned from the Hill .
We testified — at least , [ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Interim Deputy Director for Science and Health ] RADM [ Anne ] Schuchat and I testified — before the Senate Homeland Security Committee , and then the three of us were present for a bipartisan briefing at the United States House of Representatives to make sure that the members of Congress are being kept up to speed .
And of course , I am delighted to be joined today by the Secretary of Health and Human Services , Kathleen Sebelius , because I have a feeling we 're going to be joined at the hip on this for quite a while as we move forward .
As you know , and I 'm sad today to report , that today we had our first confirmed death as a result of the H1N1 virus in the United States .
It was a 23 - month - old child , and our sympathies go out to her family out of this .
But as I said and have been saying , this is a flu , and a flu cycle .
We think we 're at the beginning of a flu cycle , which typically brings with it some severe illness and death .
Indeed , in the normal seasonal flu cycle , we will have about 36,000 deaths in the United States .
That 's a fact that surprises many .
But it is part and parcel of an influenza cycle .
So our thoughts are with those who have contracted the virus now , and of course for the family of the child who died .
We now have 10 states with confirmed incidents of H1N1 — Arizona , California , Indiana , Kansas , Massachusetts , Michigan , Nevada , New York , Ohio , and Texas .
We are likely to see more states , more cases , and some more hospitalizations over the coming days , and we are prepared for that .
Every American should know that we are aggressively responding to this outbreak .
Antiviral medications are en route to states to supplement their own stockpiles .
Indiana , New York , New York City , already have their allocations .
Several other states will receive their allocations by today .
And all states will receive theirs no later than the third of May .
Let me point out an important difference here .
There 's been some confusion between antiviral and vaccine .
A vaccine is administered to prevent the flu from occurring .
An antiviral is occurred after you get sick to mitigate the symptoms so that you feel better .
So it is the antiviral stockpile that I 'm referring to now .
We 're also actively monitoring travelers at our land , sea , and air ports .
We 're watching them for signs of illness , and we have appropriate protocols in place to deal with those who are sick .
Precautions are being taken to protect travelers and border personnel .
Anyone exhibiting symptoms is being referred to an isolation room where they can be evaluated by a public health official before proceeding to their destination * .
I know there have been some calls to close the border .
I want to address that directly .
First of all , it is important to know that we are making all of our decisions based on the science and the epidemiology as recommended to us by the Centers for Disease Control .
The CDC , the public health community , and the World Health Organization [ WHO ] all have said that closing our nation 's borders is not merited here , that the focus , the public health focus , should be on mitigating the impact of this virus .
And so we are following those recommendations now .
As I said , we continue to actively monitor those coming across the borders and at our airports , as we 've been doing all week .
And we are also distributing flyers and public health information to individuals .
As of today , Customs and Border Protection has referred a total of 49 suspected cases to the CDC or state and local officials .
All the results have been negative , except the eight that are still under study .
I know that in addition to travelers , many parents across the country are concerned about school closures , and President Obama spoke about this earlier today .
The Centers for Disease Control has recommended that schools with confirmed cases of H1N1 virus or schools with suspected cases linked to a confirmed case consider closing on a temporary basis .
Some schools have already followed that advice .
The best thing parents can do right now is to make sure you have a contingency plan in place so that you 've made arrangements to care for your child in the event of a school closure .
This is also a good reminder for businesses to think about contingency planning as well .
As I said , we 're going to be working through this for a while .
You have to anticipate what happens if you have employees who are parents .
The schools have closed .
The employees need to stay home .
How do you continue with your business operations ?
And so all of us should be dusting off our business contingency plans , looking at things such as telecommuting and the like so that operations keep on going .
And of course , we advise anyone with flu symptoms to stay home or consult a doctor if you have severe symptoms .
This is a problem that every individual can help us with by adopting common sense solutions or precautions .
Cover your mouth or nose when you sneeze .
Do n't go to work or school or go on a plane or a bus if you are sick so that you do n't communicate the disease to others .
And wash your hands often .
I know that the Secretary of Health and Human Services is going to have more to say on that topic and on others , so let me close here and ask Secretary Sebelius to come forward .
###
* corrected typo ; changed destruction to destination
