IT HAS become known as the “ Great Recession ” , the year in which the global economy suffered its deepest slump since the second world war .
But an equally apt name would be the “ Great Stabilisation ” .
For 2009 was extraordinary not just for how output fell , but for how a catastrophe was averted .
Twelve months ago , the panic sown by the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers had pushed financial markets close to collapse .
Global economic activity , from industrial production to foreign trade , was falling faster than in the early 1930s .
This time , though , the decline was stemmed within months .
Big emerging economies accelerated first and fastest .
China 's output , which stalled but never fell , was growing by an annualised rate of some 17 % in the second quarter .
By mid -year the world 's big , rich economies ( with the exception of Britain and Spain ) had started to expand again .
Only a few laggards , such as Latvia and Ireland , are now likely still to be in recession .
There has been a lot of collateral damage .
Average unemployment across the OECD is almost 9 % .
In America , where the recession began much earlier , the jobless rate has doubled to 10 % .
In some places years of progress in poverty reduction have been undone as the poorest have been hit by the double whammy of weak economies and still - high food prices .
But thanks to the resilience of big , populous economies such as China , India and Indonesia , the emerging world overall fared no worse in this downturn than in the 1991 recession .
For many people on the planet , the Great Recession was not all that great .
That outcome was not inevitable .
It was the result of the biggest , broadest and fastest government response in history .
Teetering banks were wrapped in a multi-trillion - dollar cocoon of public cash and guarantees .
Central banks slashed interest rates ; the big ones dramatically expanded their balance - sheets .
Governments worldwide embraced fiscal stimulus with gusto .
This extraordinary activism helped to stem panic , prop up the financial system and counter the collapse in private demand .
Despite claims to the contrary , the Great Recession could have been a Depression without it .
Stable but frail
So much for the good news .
The bad news is that today 's stability , however welcome , is worryingly fragile , both because global demand is still dependent on government support and because public largesse has papered over old problems while creating new sources of volatility .
Property prices are still falling in more places than they are rising , and , as this week 's nationalisation of Austria 's Hypo Group shows , banking stresses still persist .
Apparent signs of success , such as American megabanks repaying public capital early ( see article ) , make it easy to forget that the recovery still depends on government support .
Strip out the temporary effects of firms ' restocking , and much of the rebound in global demand is thanks to the public purse , from the officially induced investment surge in China to stimulus - prompted spending in America .
That is revving recovery in big emerging economies , while only staving off a relapse into recession in much of the rich world .
This divergence will persist .
Demand in the rich world will remain weak , especially in countries with over - indebted households and broken banking systems .
For all the talk of deleveraging , American households ' debt , relative to their income , is only slightly below its peak and some 30 % above its level a decade ago .
British and Spanish households have adjusted even less , so the odds of prolonged weakness in private spending are even greater .
And as their public - debt burden rises , rich - world governments will find it increasingly difficult to borrow still more to compensate .
The contrast with better - run emerging economies will sharpen .
Investors are already worried about Greece defaulting ( see article ) , but other members of the euro zone are also at risk .
Even Britain and America could face sharply higher borrowing costs .
Big emerging economies face the opposite problem : the spectre of asset bubbles and other distortions as governments choose , or are forced , to keep financial conditions too loose for too long .
China is a worry , thanks to the scale and composition of its stimulus .
Liquidity is alarmingly abundant and the government 's refusal to allow the yuan to appreciate is hampering the economy 's shift towards consumption ( see article ) .
But loose monetary policy in the rich world makes it hard for emerging economies to tighten even if they want to , since that would suck in even more speculative foreign capital .
Walking a fine line
Whether the world economy moves smoothly from the Great Stabilisation to a sustainable recovery depends on how well these divergent challenges are met .
Some of the remedies are obvious .
A stronger yuan would accelerate the rebalancing of China 's economy while reducing the pressure on other emerging markets .
Credible plans for medium - term fiscal cuts would reduce the risk of rising long - term interest rates in the rich world .
But there are genuine trade - offs .
Fiscal tightening now could kill the rich world 's recovery .
And the monetary stance that makes sense for America 's domestic economy will add to the problems facing the emerging world .
That is why policymakers face huge technical difficulties in getting the exit strategies right .
Worse , they must do so against a darkening political backdrop .
As Britain 's tax on bank bonuses shows , fiscal policy in the rich world risks being driven by rising public fury at bankers and bail - outs .
In America the independence of the Federal Reserve is under threat from Congress .
And the politics of high unemployment means trade spats are becoming a bigger risk , especially with China .
Add all this up , and what do you get ?
Pessimists expect all kinds of shocks in 2010 , from sovereign - debt crises ( a Greek default ? ) to reckless protectionism ( American tariffs against China 's “ unfair ” currency , say ) .
More likely is a plethora of lesser problems , from sudden surges in bond yields ( Britain before the election ) , to short - sighted fiscal decisions ( a financial - transactions tax ) to strikes over pay cuts ( British Airways is a portent , see article ) .
Small beer compared with the cataclysm of a year ago — but enough to temper the holiday cheer .
Who would have thought that a pile of clothes could be art ?
Artist Bela Borsodi was the one that came up with the idea of folding shirts , jackets , dresses and other clothing into different face expressions .
Every part of a garment is used to express parts of a face .
Collars form mouths , sleeves and pockets creates eyes and buttons or zips add details to the face .
While some are making faces out of clothes , others are creating sheep out of rotary telephones .
The world 's biggest retailer , Wal - Mart , today stands accused of routinely flouting its workers ' human rights through a sophisticated strategy of harassing union organisers , discriminating against long - term staff and indoctrinating employees with misleading propaganda .
In a forensic indictment based on two years ' research , the Washington - based pressure group Human Rights Watch lifts the lid on Wal - Mart 's aggressive tactic of stamping on the slightest sign that workers are organising representation .
Evidence in Discounting Rights includes examples of workers forced into unpaid overtime and an alleged strategy of squeezing out long - serving staff who are more costly than low - wage , temporary , younger workers .
It reveals that Wal - Mart , which owns Britain 's Asda , has elaborate tactics to stop staff from coming together to fight for better conditions .
The company is accused of focusing security cameras on areas where staff congregate and shifting around loyal workers in " unit packing " tactics to ensure votes for union recognition are defeated .
American store bosses get a " manager 's toolbox " - a manual which openly describes itself as a guide on " how to remain free in the event union organisers choose your facility as their next target " .
They are told to phone a special " union hotline " if they suspect staff .
Teams of union busters are then sent from Wal - Mart 's Arkansas headquarters who regale workers with vitriolic presentations on the perils of unionisation .
Carol Price , author of the report , said : " Wal - Mart 's aggressive and sophisticated anti-union strategy is based out of its headquarters .
This is not a store - by - store problem - the violations are a direct result of the company 's philosophy . "
With $ 351bn ( £ 176bn ) in annual revenue and 1.8 m staff worldwide , Wal - Mart was named America 's largest company in the latest Fortune 500 rankings but its controversial business practices have caused increasing political unease .
Unions organised a nationwide protest bus tour last year and prominent politicians have been getting on board .
The Norwegian government has ordered its state pension fund not to invest in Wal - Mart shares because of workers ' rights violations .
Hillary Clinton last week pointedly refused to endorse the company when asked during a presidential debate whether she considered it to be good or bad for America .
" It 's a mixed blessing , " Mrs Clinton said .
Although Wal - Mart provides many jobs in rundown areas of her former home state of Arkansas , she said its behaviour raises " serious questions about the responsibility of corporations " in providing healthcare , safe working conditions and an environment of equality .
Combining documentary evidence with interviews of dozens of past and present Wal - Mart employees , Human Rights Watch has built a picture of a company which goes to great lengths to minimise the freedom of its staff .
Healthcare programmes are often limited to " catastrophic coverage " for accidents and emergencies , rather than preventative medicines .
The company faces the biggest class action lawsuit in US history in which 1.5 m women claim the company discriminated against female staff in pay , promotions and assignments .
In a breach of US law , Wal - Mart has allegedly banned union organisers from distributing flyers outside its stores and has confiscated literature found on the premises .
Since Wal - Mart began in 1962 , there has only been one successful formation of a union - among meat cutters in Texas seven years ago .
The department was subsequently shut down - an act ruled illegal by US labour authorities .
Faced with increasingly vocal opposition , Wal - Mart 's chief executive , Lee Scott , has been trying to improve the company 's image .
It has introduced more upmarket items and is testing environmentally friendly initiatives at two experimental green stores .
Mr Scott has pledged to improve healthcare coverage and , in a significant breakthrough , he held a meeting in February with one of the company 's most outspoken critics - Andy Stern , the head of the Service Employees International Union .
The company has even distributed voting information to all its 1.3 m US staff encouraging them to register for a voice at the next presidential election .
Wal - Mart had not responded to repeated requests for comment by the time the Guardian went to press last night .
Film campaign
Need to bash a union ?
A video production company discreetly tucked away in a 113 - year - old former general store in America 's rural deep south can help .
Paul French & Partners specialises in making bespoke , glossy films dramatising the so - called impact of union recognition - strikes , redundancies and uncompetitive , failing businesses .
Wal - Mart uses Paul French to produce films ostensibly to explain " the facts " to workers about union membership .
But the Georgia - based firm 's website makes no bones about its true purpose - to prevent union recruitment drives .
A sample film made for a valves company , DeZurik , is ironically entitled " It could n't happen here " and bombards the viewer with examples of disruptive strikes by unions .
Another , for Delta Mechanics , depicts organisers as silky - tongued manipulators who pressurise staff around the clock until they join .
A third film for Allied Holdings dramatises the pain of redundancies caused when union - negotiated pay rises make a company uncompetitive .
When contacted by phone , the firm 's founder , Paul French , was reluctant to talk about such films : " A small number of our pieces are on that subject .
I would rather talk to you about [ films on ] sexual harassment and violence in the workplace . "
When asked whether he had any qualms about union - bashing films , Mr French simply said : " No " .
Paul French boasts a blue - chip client list including General Electric , Fruit of the Loom , Lockheed Martin and Wrangler , although the type of work it carries out is not disclosed .
Persuasive videos are a relatively common tactic for employers in America - the Scottish bus company FirstGroup recently angered the mighty Teamsters union by using videos to " inform " its US staff about the impact of signing up .
A California company has combined a Corvette with a luxury speedboat and thrown in some jet ski to create a holy trinity of awesomeness it calls the WaterCar Python .
For around $ 170,000 , you can pick up a Python rolling chassis and install a General Motors LS series engine of your choosing – from a used LS1 to the same mind - bendingly powerful LS9 found in the Corvette ZR1 .
Choose that level of insanity and WaterCar estimates the engine and transaxle installation should run an additional $ 30 to $ 50 K .
Once installed , the Python will make short work of your trip to the boat launch with an average 0 - 60 time of 4.5 seconds .
Once you get to the yacht club , stun your high society friends by driving the Python straight into the water , pressing one button to retract the wheels and another to start the jet .
You 'll be gliding on a bright blue highway in seconds .
Far from a glorified Amphicar , this baby can do 60 mph on the water .
In addition to being one of the absolute coolest toys we 've ever seen , we can imagine high - speed police chases in L.A. might get a bit more interesting if suspects choose a Python as their getaway car .
On land , the Python is a custom - built hot rod that looks like a cross between a Chevy Avalanche and a Corvette .
Out on Lake Havasu , where you just know one of these will show up , it 's a 20 foot luxury boat appointed with a polished wood dashboard and a leather wraparound bench seat – just like the Chris Craft you keep at your house in the Hamptons .
Sadly , air conditioning , an automatic transmission and a hardtop are not currently available .
We 're especially amused by the dual set of safety and regulatory guidelines that apply to an amphibious motor vehicle .
Headlamps and turn signals are to be used on land but green and red nautical lights are for use on the water .
Not only do owners of the Python need to register their vehicle as both a car with license plates and a boat with marine stickers , but special amphibious vehicle insurance must be purchased unless owners want to buy both a car and boat policy .
On paper , the Python appears to be twice as fast on the water than its closest competitor , the Gibbs Aquada .
We wonder how long it will be before someone smashes Sir Richard Branson 's record of crossing the English Channel in an amphibious automobile that he set in his Aquada back in 2004 .
Photos : WaterCar Python .
PUEBLO , Colo .
—Authorities say an “ out of control ” 10 - year - old boy was shocked with a Taser and arrested by sheriff ’s deputies in Pueblo West .
Sheriff Kirk Taylor said Thursday that the two deputies involved acted appropriately .
Sheriff ’s officials say the boy was not hurt when deputies took action Monday after arriving at his home , where he was reportedly destroying property and threatening his foster father with a 2 - foot - long pipe and a stick .
Sheriff ’s officials say a deputy used the Taser after the boy allegedly ignored commands to drop the pipe .
The boy was booked into Pueblo Youth Center on suspicion of menacing with a deadly weapon .
Taylor says his office does n’t plan to change its
Taser policy , which discourages using a Taser on young children , except in “ the most extreme situations . ”
— ——
Information from : The Pueblo Chieftain , http://www.chieftain.com
Data released by the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS ) reported 1,223,252 checks in November 2009 , ranking the month in the top 10 for most NICS checks of all time .
This figure , while being a 20 percent decrease from the record high 1,529,635 checks in November 2008 -- the start of the ongoing surge in firearm and ammunition sales -- is an increase of 13.3 percent over reported checks in November 2007 .
Year - to - date background checks for 2009 total 12,626,669 , an increase of 12.9 percent over the same time period last year .
The total number of background checks reported since the beginning of NICS is 108,610,677 .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
The Nasdaq stock market was evacuated and the area cordoned off on Wednesday after a suspicious - looking van in Times Square triggered concerns , according to media reports .
The New York Police Department bomb squad is investigating the van while the area around 42nd Street between Seventh Avenue and Broadway has been blocked off , the reports said .
The van is a 1992 Dodge with tinted windows and a placard from a nonexistent law enforcement agency is on the dashboard , according to the Associated Press .
The vehicle has no license plates , the news agency said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A gun and bomb attack on an office of Pakistan 's main intelligence agency in the central city of Multan has killed at least 12 people , police say .
More than 25 others were injured when suicide attackers opened fire .
A rocket was launched during the attack and grenades were also thrown .
The violence came a day after bombings killed about 60 in Lahore and Peshawar .
More than 400 people have been killed during a string of attacks mounted by Islamist militants in recent weeks .
They coincide with an army offensive targeting the Taliban stronghold of South Waziristan in the country 's north - west .
' Confusion '
Police said there were multiple attackers in Multan , two of whom were suicide bombers .
The blast caused massive destruction
They said one had a rocket launcher and fired into the local offices of Pakistan 's main ISI intelligence agency and that others hurled grenades before setting off a huge explosion .
The building was severely damaged .
Emergency workers say 12 people were killed but there are warnings the number of dead may well increase .
No -one has yet said they were behind the attack .
A senior police officer in Multan , Agha Mohd Yusuf , told the BBC that two to three attackers had arrived at their target in a car .
One of the attackers stepped out when the car reached a check point for the military area on Qasim Bela road .
" He put a rocket launcher on his shoulder and fired in the general direction of the office .
One building was hit and collapsed , " Mr Yusuf said .
" In the confusion that followed , the other attackers drove inside and blew up the car .
This time the office of the intelligence service [ Inter - Services Intelligence or ISI ] agency was hit . "
The attack in Multan is the latest in a number of commando - style attacks in Pakistan in recent months .
There have also been almost daily bombings across the country .
Monday was the bloodiest day for some weeks , with twin blasts in a packed marketplace in Lahore coming hours after a suicide attack outside a court in the north - western city of Peshawar .
Overnight , the death toll from the bombings in Lahore rose to 49 .
Scores more were injured in the blasts and the subsequent fire which swept through the market .
The Peshawar attack killed at least 10 people .
RECENT MILITANT ATTACKS IN PAKISTAN Multan , 8 December : Intelligence agency office attacked - at least 12 killed Peshawar : Many recent attacks - 28 October bombing killed about 120 Lahore : Targeted several times - market bombs killed 50 on 7 December Rawalpindi : Several recent attacks , including one at a mosque on 4 December in which 35 died Islamabad : Security tightened after series of attacks - 20 October bombing killed nine at International Islamic University Charsadda , 10 November : Car bomb kills 34 and wounds 100
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
See postscript below .
On Monday , District Court Judge Thomas F. Hogan handed the government its ninth victory ( against 31 losses to date ) in the habeas corpus petitions of the prisoners held at Guantánamo , ruling that the government had established , by a preponderance of the evidence , that Musa ’ab al - Madhwani , a 28 - year old Yemeni , could continue to be held indefinitely , because of his connections with al - Qaeda .
As the Washington Post explained , however , although Judge Hogan “ said that the government had met its burden in proving the accusations … he did not think Madhwani was dangerous . ”
Noting that he has been a “ model prisoner ” since his arrival at Guantánamo in October 2002 , he explained , “ There is nothing in the record now that he poses any greater threat than those detainees who have already been released . ”
Moreover , Judge Hogan refused to rely on any statements that al - Madhwani had made to interrogators at Guantánamo , ruling that they were “ tainted by abusive interrogation techniques , ” to which he was subjected in the weeks after his capture , before his arrival at Guantánamo , when he was sent to the “ Dark Prison ” near Kabul , a facility run by the CIA , which , in numerous accounts by released prisoners , resembled nothing less than a medieval torture dungeon , with the addition of extremely loud music and noise 24 hours a day .
Judge Hogan did , however , accept statements that al - Madhwani made during his Administrative Review Board at Guantánamo in 2005 , which , he said , were not tainted because they were made years after the abuse took place .
Al - Madhwani ’s lawyers had argued that these statements should also have been excluded , stating , as the Post put it , that they were “ contaminated because he was still worried about upsetting his captors . ”
One of his attorneys , Darold W. Killmer , explained , “ He was threatened that if he changed his story , he would be sent back to a place worse than at the ‘ Dark Prison . ’ ”
The Ramzi bin al - Shibh connection
In truth , it was always going to be difficult to convince a judge to accept al - Madhwani ’s habeas petition , for the simple reason that he was seized after a raid on an apartment block in Karachi , Pakistan , and a firefight with the Pakistani authorities , on September 11 , 2002 , with Ramzi bin al - Shibh , one of the five alleged 9/11 co-conspirators , and Hassan bin Attash , the brother of Walid bin Attash , another of the alleged 9/11 co-conspirators .
Unlike al - Madhwani , and five other Yemenis seized after the firefight , who were held in the “ Dark Prison ” for up to six weeks , before they were flown to Guantánamo , bin al - Shibh was rendered to Thailand after his capture , and held for four years in secret CIA prisons , subjected to an array of “ enhanced interrogation techniques , ” and bin Attash , after a week in the “ Dark Prison , ” was rendered to Jordan , where , despite being just 17 years old at the time of his capture , he was held for 16 months in one of the CIA ’s proxy torture prisons , before being flown to the US prison at Bagram airbase in Afghanistan , and then on to Guantánamo in September 2004 .
With these kinds of connections , it ’s easy to see why a judge would conclude that al - Madhwani was connected to al - Qaeda , and would accept , as the Post described it , the government ’s allegations that he “ traveled to Pakistan to join al - Qaeda , trained at an al - Qaeda camp , traveled with al - Qaeda members in Afghanistan and Pakistan and engaged in a firefight with Pakistani authorities before his arrest . ”
Musa ’ab al - Madhwani ’s story
As al - Madhwani explained at his Administrative Review Board , he arrived in Afghanistan in August 2001 , when he was 21 years old , at the urging of a recruiters in his homeland , and trained briefly at al - Farouq ( a training camp associated with Osama bin Laden in the years before the 9/11 attacks ) until it closed immediately after the attacks .
After spending a few months in guest houses in Afghanistan , he made his way to Pakistan via Khost , traveling with other Arabs , Pakistanis and Afghans , and then , after trying unsuccessfully to return home via Iran , where , he said , he was “ beaten and questioned ” before being refused entry , spent ten months being moved around various houses in Lahore , Quetta and Karachi , waiting for an opportunity to return home that never came .
Moreover , when he explained the situation in Karachi at the time of his arrest , an even less militant picture emerged .
“ The group I was arrested with were staying in two apartments , ” he said .
“ One person from each apartment refused to surrender and fought the Pakistani forces sent to arrest us .
I was in the group that chose to surrender . ”
He added that the Pakistanis were “ thankful for our cooperation and surrendering without fighting . ”
He then explained that there were seven men in his apartment , including one who was killed , who had only been there for about five days , and that two other men — presumably bin al - Shibh and bin Attash — shared the other apartment with a family .
In his Review Board , he spoke only briefly about the “ Dark Prison , ” but it was easy to understand why Judge Hogan , who also spoke to him by video - link from Guantánamo , concluded that his “ allegations about abusive interrogations were credible , ” and , noticeably , added that they “ were not challenged by government lawyers . ”
In 2005 , when a Board Member asked him , “ Are you holding anything back from the interrogators ? ” he replied , “ That is impossible , because before I came to the prison in Guantánamo Bay I was in another prison in Afghanistan , under the ground [ and ] it was very dark , total dark , under torturing and without sleep .
It was impossible that I could get out of there alive .
I was really beaten and tortured . ”
If this picture indicates someone who , as I explained in The Guantánamo Files , with reference to other prisoners seized elsewhere in Pakistan , was a “ recent Taliban recruit who ended up in Karachi as part of an extended safe house system that was sheltering all Arabs from arrest , and not just those who were committed to al - Qaeda , ” it is , I believe , a picture that shifts into sharper focus through the stories of the other five men seized with al - Madhwani , aged between 21 and 28 at the time of their capture , none of whom have yet had their habeas corpus petitions ruled upon by a judge .
The other five men seized with Musa ’ab al - Madhwani
Ha’il al - Maythali , for example , explained in Guantánamo that he went to Afghanistan in November 2000 to “ fight in the jihad , ” and admitted ferrying supplies on the back lines near Kabul , but said that he was only on the front lines for a week because he had no military experience .
The only one of the five to mention the “ Dark Prison , ” he said that “ there was very bad torture conducted on people , ” including himself , which was “ so bad that he knew by making up and agreeing to the training it would stop the torture . ”
He added that “ his testicles were disfigured to the point where they can not be repaired . ”
Said Nashir was accused of attending the al - Farouq camp from July to September 2001 , and also attending two speeches by Osama bin Laden while he was there , which was typical of the experiences of new recruits , and Shawki Balzuhair was accused of traveling to Afghanistan in April or May 2001 , attending al - Farouq , and serving on the Taliban front lines near Bagram .
A greater degree of commitment was hinted at in the case of Ayoub Ali Saleh , who reportedly traveled to Afghanistan to join the jihad in 2000 , and trained extensively at al - Farouq , but Bashir al - Marwalah ’s story is probably the most revealing .
Al - Marwalah admitted traveling to Afghanistan in September 2000 and training at al - Farouq and another camp , but said that he then returned to Yemen to see his family , and especially his father , who was ill .
He said that he then returned to Afghanistan in August 2001 and attended al - Farouq again , but refuted an allegation that he had participated in military operations against the US - led coalition , and said that he had fled to Pakistan after the US - led invasion began .
When the tribunal asked him why he had gone to Afghanistan , he said that he wanted to train to fight in Chechnya , and when he was asked , “ Are you a member of al - Qaeda ? ” he said , “ I do n’t know .
I know I am an Arab fighter . ”
I may be wide of the mark in my assessment of Musa ’ab al - Madhwani and the other five men mentioned above , but no other information has been forthcoming to suggest that this is the case — from Ramzi bin al - Shibh or Hassan bin Attash , for example , in thinly - disguised references to allegations made by “ senior al - Qaeda operatives , ” tying the men into any terrorist plots or operations .
Challenging indefinite detention
While the others , presumably , await rulings on their habeas corpus petitions , al - Madhwani joins the other eight prisoners whose petitions failed in a peculiar legal netherworld , no longer regarded as “ enemy combatants ” by the Obama administration , but still detained indefinitely as though they were .
This is in spite of the fact that , in most of these cases , the men in question are not the “ terrorists ” of right - wing propaganda , but are , instead , unacknowledged prisoners of war , who , instead of being held according to the Geneva Conventions , have had to endure long imprisonment in an experimental prison devoted to dehumanizing isolation and coercive interrogations , and remain , essentially , as a peculiar category of prisoner with no legal or historical precedent .
For someone like al - Madhwani , regarded by the judge as posing no danger , it is , perhaps , time for an appeal that draws on a case overlooked by Judge Hogan : that of Yasim Barardah , a Yemeni whose habeas petition was granted by Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle on March 31 this year .
In her ruling , Judge Huvelle suggested that the prisoners in Guantánamo were akin to prisoners of war , but with the ability to be released if it could be demonstrated that they no longer posed a threat to the United States .
Judge Huvelle drew on the Authorization for Use of Military Force , passed by Congress on September 18 , 2001 , which authorized the President to “ use all necessary and appropriate force ” against those involved in the 9/11 attacks , or those who supported them .
The AUMF is relied upon by the Obama administration to justify the detention of the prisoners at Guantánamo , but , as Judge Huvelle explained , it “ does not authorize unlimited , unreviewable detention , ” but instead authorizes holding people “ in order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism ” ; in other words , “ the AUMF does not authorize the detention of individuals beyond that which is necessary to prevent those individuals from rejoining the battle , and it certainly cannot be read to authorize detention where its purpose can no longer be attained . ”
And that , I think , based on Judge Hogan ’s comments , is a pretty straightforward definition of the position in which Musa ’ab al - Madhwani finds himself , seven years and three months after his capture .
Note : The Pentagon referred to Musa ’ab al - Madhwani as Musab al - Mudwani , or Musab al - Madoonee .
POSTSCRIPT April 2010 : I have not found the opportunity to review Judge Hogan ’s unclassified opinion ( PDF ) , which was made available on January 6 , 2010 , but I wish to make it clear that my presumption that the capture of al - Madhwani had anything to do with the capture , around the same time , of Ramzi bin al - Shibh and Hassan bin Attash is clearly mistaken .
The events appear to be entirely unconnected , as al - Madhwani was seized several miles away from the apartment occupied by bin al - Shibh and bin Attash .
In my defense , I can only state that I was working with the available material , and had succumbed to a narrative that the Pentagon and the Justice Department wished to portray , even though it was untrue .
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed ( and I can also be found on Facebook and Twitter ) .
Also see my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , published in March 2009 , details about the new documentary film , “ Outside the Law : Stories from Guantánamo ” ( co-directed by Polly Nash and Andy Worthington , and launched in October 2009 ) , and , if you appreciate my work , feel free to make a donation .
As published on the Huffington Post and CounterPunch .
Cross - posted on uruknet .
For a sequence of articles dealing with the Guantánamo habeas cases , see : Guantánamo and the Supreme Court : the most important habeas corpus case in modern history and Guantánamo and the Supreme Court : What Happened ? ( both December 2007 ) , The Supreme Court ’s Guantánamo ruling : what does it mean ?
( June 2008 ) , Guantánamo as Alice in Wonderland ( Uighurs ’ first court victory , June 2008 ) , What ’s Happening with the Guantánamo cases ?
( July 2008 ) , Government Says Six Years Is Not Long Enough To Prepare Evidence ( September 2008 ) , From Guantánamo to the United States : The Story of the Wrongly Imprisoned Uighurs ( October 2008 ) , Guantánamo Uyghurs ’ resettlement prospects skewered by Justice Department lies ( October 2008 ) , Guilt By Torture : Binyam Mohamed ’s Transatlantic Quest for Justice ( November 2008 ) , After 7 Years , Judge Orders Release of Guantánamo Kidnap Victims ( November 2008 ) , Is Robert Gates Guilty of Perjury in Guantánamo Torture Case ?
( December 2008 ) , A New Year Message to Barack Obama : Free the Guantánamo Uighurs ( January 2009 ) , The Top Ten Judges of 2008 ( January 2009 ) , No End in Sight for the “ Enemy Combatants ” of Guantánamo ( January 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release of Guantánamo ’s Forgotten Child ( January 2009 ) , How Cooking For The Taliban Gets You Life In Guantánamo ( January 2009 ) , Lies , Damned Lies and Statistics ( February 2009 ) , Bad News And Good News For The Guantánamo Uighurs ( February 2009 ) , The Nobodies Formerly Known As Enemy Combatants ( March 2009 ) , Farce at Guantánamo , as cleared prisoner ’s habeas petition is denied ( April 2009 ) , Obama ’s First 100 Days : A Start On Guantánamo , But Not Enough ( May 2009 ) , Judge Condemns “ Mosaic ” Of Guantánamo Intelligence , And Unreliable Witnesses ( May 2009 ) , Pain At Guantánamo And Paralysis In Government ( May 2009 ) , Guantánamo : A Prison Built On Lies ( May 2009 ) , Free The Guantánamo Uighurs ! ( May 2009 ) , Guantánamo And The Courts ( Part One ) : Exposing The Bush Administration ’s Lies ( July 2009 ) , Obama ’s Failure To Deliver Justice To The Last Tajik In Guantánamo ( July 2009 ) , Obama And The Deadline For Closing Guantánamo :
It ’s Worse Than You Think ( July 2009 ) , How Judge Huvelle Humiliated The Government In Guantánamo Case ( Mohamed Jawad , July 2009 ) , As Judge Orders Release Of Tortured Guantánamo Prisoner , Government Refuses To Concede Defeat ( Mohamed Jawad , July 2009 ) , Guantánamo As Hotel California : You Can Check Out Any Time You Like , But You Can Never Leave ( August 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release From Guantánamo Of Kuwaiti Charity Worker ( August 2009 ) , Guantánamo And The Courts ( Part Two ) : Obama ’s Shame ( August 2009 ) , Guantánamo And The Courts ( Part Three ) : Obama ’s Continuing Shame ( August 2009 ) , No Escape From Guantánamo : The Latest Habeas Rulings ( September 2009 ) , First Guantánamo Prisoner To Lose Habeas Hearing Appeals Ruling ( September 2009 ) , A Truly Shocking Guantánamo Story : Judge Confirms That An Innocent Man Was Tortured To Make False Confessions ( September 2009 ) , 75 Guantánamo Prisoners Cleared For Release ; 31 Could Leave Today ( September 2009 ) , Resisting Injustice In Guantánamo : The Story Of Fayiz Al - Kandari ( October 2009 ) , Justice Department Pointlessly Gags Guantánamo Lawyer ( November 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release Of Algerian From Guantánamo ( But He ’s Not Going Anywhere ) ( November 2009 ) , Innocent Guantánamo Torture Victim Fouad al - Rabiah Is Released In Kuwait ( December 2009 ) , What Does It Take To Get Out Of Obama ’s Guantánamo ?
( December 2009 ) .
Also see : Justice extends to Bagram , Guantánamo ’s Dark Mirror ( April 2009 ) , Judge Rules That Afghan “ Rendered ” To Bagram In 2002 Has No Rights ( July 2009 ) , Bagram Is n’t The New Guantánamo , It ’s The Old Guantánamo ( August 2009 ) , Obama Brings Guantánamo And Rendition To Bagram ( And Not The Geneva Conventions ) and Is Bagram Obama ’s New Secret Prison ? ( both September 2009 ) .
Monitoring the temperature of your boat ( or RV ) can be important to maintaining the health and safety of your vessel .
My reasons for such monitoring have included ensuring that the heat is working ( and nothing is freezing ) inside the boat , that the air conditioning is working ( and nothing is cooking ) inside the same boat , that the engine room temps are normal underway , and that the conditions are safe for pets .
It ’s not always simple or cheap to get this information remotely , but I ’ve recently come across an inexpensive and simple option that ’s worked well for two months , the Govee WiFi thermometer and hydrometer .
Yoga Improves Fitness : One Trial and You ’ll See December 27 , 2009
Interest in Yoga for fitness is increasing across the country and it is a widely accepted fact that Yoga is great for the body .
What was once ridiculed as a bizarre fad is today recognized as a basic skill that many people have embraced as a way of life and a first - rate choice for physical and mental fitness .
Yoga is so popular these days that many celebrities like Madonna , Sting , Russell Simmons and Ricky Martin to name a few have become informal advocates for this form of exercise .
From increased flexibility , strength , endurance to delayed aging and massaging of the internal organs of the body , the benefits of Yoga seem limitless .
I stumbled upon it personally after telling a friend in the gym several years back that “ Hey man , look at apes and all , we are so similar , they do n’t lift these boring weights and they are so much stronger , in fact Bruce Lee was known to NOT lift any weights but to perform several Hindu Push - ups , so there ’s got to be another kind of exercise to do for fitness on the inside and out … ”
Well , he passed on a book on Yoga to me the next day and lo and behold , I ’ve been hooked ever since .
From my own studies , research and practice , I ’ve come to realize that Yoga is more than just stretching , is not only an exercise for women : ( I challenge the most hard - core body - builder to hold a peacock pose for 2 minutes !! ) and is quite simply great .
Many people practice Yoga exclusively and at times for days on end , that is the only exercise I perform with as much emphasis on the unique ‘ Sun salutations ’ as possible .
I single these core warm - up routines of Yoga out as they restore flexibility to the spine and believe it when I say they miraculously endow you with strength to hold challenging poses such as the Wheel , Peacock and Crow poses for several minutes on end .
I mention these poses , because being a guy , these are the main ones that enhance the muscle groups us guys are so concerned about : Arms , Chest and Abs .
I ’ve also found that when combining these poses with other body - weight exercises like Hindu Squats and Push - ups , regular push - ups , reverse push - ups , pull ups and aerobic exercises , you really may not ( re - phrase will not ) need a gym or cumbersome equipment to get a total body workout .
Another great benefit of Yoga lies in its unique Abdominal and Breathing exercises .
These ones work .
Being a former asthmatic and lethargic person , they have been an integral reason why my breathing ( and singing mind you ) has improved so drastically .
Moreover , they have spiritual benefits such as clearer thinking , clairvoyance and increased focus .
It is important , however , when practicing Yoga to adhere to a healthy diet , most books on the subject advocate a Vegan / vegetarian diet ( which is fine by me being as I have been a vegan for several years , and this is arguably the main reason I believe I was able to cure over a decade of marring acne as well . )
This simple , yet very effective discipline or sacrifice will aid you in gaining the most from Yoga as some poses do speed up detoxification and cleansing .
Now for fitness , since most Yoga poses are Isometric in nature , you may choose to combine them with conventional exercises as while the latter builds the muscles up , Yoga definitely will relax them and add tonality much quicker .
This simple principle is why Basketball coach Phil Jackson brought his Yoga philosophy to the Los Angeles Lakers and in June of 2000 led the team to their first championship in 12 years ; needless to say , similar methods were used in the coaching of the Chicago Bulls during their successful tenure as NBA champions under his guidance .
In addition to the points above , Jackson ’s philosophy on Yoga embraces the facts that
1. Yoga strengthens and streamlines your muscles , giving you a leaner yet stronger body , with longer and toned muscles instead of short bulkier ones common to body - builders .
This gives everyone from athletes to housewives , increased ability to perform their duties better .
2. Yoga calms and clears the mind for more focused thinking .
3. Yoga energizes the average practitioner while simultaneously increasing one ’s flexibility .
4. Yoga offers psychological benefits in that it increases self - confidence , esteem and self - acceptance as no other exercise can .
5. Yoga tones and normalizes internal organs like the endocrine , digestive , excretory , reproductive and respiratory systems through the gentle , yet very effective poses it ’s associated with .
Here are two last reasons I set aside based on their uniqueness : Sexual fitness & animal magnetism ?
Well , yoga gives you that …just try its breathing and abdominal exercises and inverted poses , namely the shoulder - stand and you will see for yourself what I am talking about .
So there you have it , a few of the many reasons why Yoga is so popular and with good cause .
Now to improve your fitness levels beyond your imagination , why not incorporate a little bit ( or heck a whole lot ) of Yoga .
Trust me , your body will be glad you did .
Health and Fitness Guide Related Sites
Get Free Guide about Health Fitness
Health and Fitness Guide
Benefits of Liquid Vitamins
Dieting for Children
Dieting for Health
Exercise At Home Or Gym
Fitness Training
Quick Tips to Boost Your Metabolism
Setting Goals When Dieting
Tips for Helping Young Children Eat Organic Foods
What Are The Disadvantages to Eating Organic Foods
Hard to believe , but someone out there is trying to get into people 's homes by pretending to be a city water inspector .
An apartment complex manager called the Water Bureau to report that a woman had called up claiming to be a Water Bureau employee and insisted on making an appointment to check the tap water for chlorine and E. coli .
The city lifted a boil order Sunday following evidence of an E. coli contamination in West Portland last week .
" She just would n't take no for an answer , " said the complex manager , Mickie Thorne , in a release issued by the bureau .
" I was concerned about reporting it but now know that I did the right thing in calling the Water Bureau . "
The Water Bureau never goes into homes to check water unless a customer requests such an inspection .
Inspectors check sample stations outside homes and never solicit phone calls .
" At best , I 'd say this is absolutely despicable , " Water Bureau Administrator David Shaff said .
" I 'm disgusted that someone would try to exploit public fear over water contamination .
It is totally disheartening . "
Customers who are concerned about their water quality are encouraged to call the bureau 's Water Quality phone line at 503-823-7525 .
Nick Clegg today called for a new era of candour in Westminster to remove the " despair " people feel about politicians .
In his new year 's message , the Liberal Democrat leader said " 2010 must be the year we press the political reset button " and tackle the lack of faith in the political system .
" As the countdown to the next general election finally begins , I have a simple question for the other party leaders : what do you believe , really believe ?
People do n't want leading politicians clinging on to power for its own sake , or just telling people what they want to hear .
There 's got to be more to it than that , " Clegg said .
While condemning the " Punch and Judy " politics of the Commons , he said both Labour and the Conservatives had failed to show they gave more than lip - service to the need for " change " .
The general election has to be held by 3 June 2010 .
" I have a confession to make : 2009 tested my belief in politics to breaking point , " Clegg said .
" I remember once looking round the House of Commons during another Punch and Judy session of prime minister 's questions .
In the real world , youth unemployment had just reached its highest level ever , our brave soldiers were facing extraordinary dangers in Afghanistan , the bankers were still gorging themselves on bonuses , and the economy was in the middle of the worst recession in generations .
And what were the politicians doing ?
Yelling and guffawing at each other as if the world outside did n't exist .
" So I do n't blame anyone for feeling a sense of despair about our clapped out political system .
You are being taken for granted by the people in charge .
Big money is hollowing out politics with some rich donors not even bothering to say whether they pay full British taxes or not .
And to top it all the expenses scandals exposed some MPs as spivvy property speculators and tax evaders rather than public servants . "
So 2010 had to mean " big , permanent change for the better " where politicians " set things on a new course " .
Clegg said : " Of course both Labour and the Conservatives have learned to parrot the language of change .
But where 's the proof they mean it ?
Despite all the hot air about fixing politics they have both voted against giving people the right to sack MPs who 've seriously broken the rules .
" Both have refused to clean up the rotten system of party political funding .
Both refuse to give you your say by introducing fair votes to the House of Commons .
And both refuse to shake up the City of London , so that bankers can never again play Russian roulette with your savings .
" Some people say , what 's the point of voting when the same old parties always win ?
I say : vote for what you believe in .
If you like what the Liberal Democrats stand for , vote for it .
If you want real change , not phoney change , vote for it .
If you think things should be different , vote for it . "
The Liberal Democrat leader said " a belief in fairness " was his most prominent belief .
And he promised " new ideas to make Britain the fair country I believe most people want it to be " including targeted help for the most needy children in school , measures to reduce independence on the City in favour of a " new , green economy " .
" I hope in the coming months even more people will get a chance to find out what I believe in , and the beliefs of the Liberal Democrats .
If enough people share our convictions , our beliefs , then 2010 really can be the beginning of something new . "
Finally , some good news for publishers .
All year we ’ve been hearing predictions that the book business is on its death bed — about to be completely transformed by ebooks , then eaten alive by pirates .
Yet , despite recent reports to the contrary it turns out that book piracy is on the decline .
Based on piracy loss estimates published by the International Intellectual Property Alliance and generated by the Association of American Publishers , book piracy dropped over 13 % between 2005 and 2007 ( the most recent year that data is available ) .
The numbers look like this :
Year Est. Loss Change 2004 603 2005 606 0 % 2006 582 - 4 % 2007 529 - 9 % 2008 na
Estimated losses in millions , US $ .
Source :
As published in the annual IIPA Special 301 report .
Special thanks to William H. Johnson for sifting through reports from prior years and compiling this data .
Publishers have every reason to be optimistic that this trend will continue .
Given the explosion of digital media options , it ’s likely that we ’ll all read much less in the years to come , further putting a dent in the demand for pirated books .
Reality Check
While I ’d like to believe that book piracy is on the decline , I ca n’t help but be skeptical about these numbers .
An email to the AAP inquiring about the report has gone unanswered .
The closest I ’ve come to anything resembling a methodology is this footnote from the IIPA report :
Books and Journals
The book and journal publishing industry relies on local representatives to determine losses .
These representatives base their estimates on the availability of pirated books and journals , especially those found within or near educational institutions .
Publishing industry representatives also take into account the number of users in a jurisdiction , the estimated need for the product ( based , in the case of educational materials , on university and school adoptions ) and the number of legitimate sales .
Given the diverse types of products offered by different publishing companies , these estimates cover only a portion of the market lost in each territory and are thus rather conservative in most cases .
Based on this explanation , I get the sense that these numbers do n’t include digital piracy .
And yet , curiously , whenever we see media coverage of “ the ebook piracy problem ” , these are the numbers that are used to illustrate just how serious that problem is .
Worse yet , media outlets like Times Online do n’t even bother to use the most current numbers — instead they skip all the way back to 2005 and use the peak piracy number .
To be fair , Times Online can be forgiven for getting the numbers wrong .
The AAP ’s own website still uses the $ 600 million estimate .
If the copyright on that page is any indication , the AAP has n’t bothered to update those numbers in a few years .
I guess that ’s because they ’re too busy fighting piracy .
And they ’re doing a damn good job of it too .
At this rate I think they might be able to stamp out book piracy entirely in the next decade .
I 'm Just Here For the FOOD
Kitchen User's Manual
By Alton Brown
My Santa saw that I love to cook and got me a killer recipe book .
I do n't know if he was just lucky , intuitive , or if I posted more than I can remember .
I am a chemist by profession and this book is sort of like a laboratory notebook for the kitchen .
It contains all kinds of measurement conversion and ingredient subsitution information , along with pages upon pages of blank pages , dividers , and plastic pockets in which to store ones recipes .
I promptly threw in my favorite apple pie recipe .
Thank you !!!!!!
Pull US troops out of Afghanistan .
Leave Iran alone .
Legalise drugs .
Get the government out of people 's private lives .
Say no to the bailout of Wall Street fat cats .
As a menu of policy prescriptions , you might think that this all puts Ron Paul on the Soviet wing of the Democratic party .
But you 'd be wrong .
The 74 - year - old Congressman from Texas , with his skinny frame and his hangdog face , is about as unlikely a poster child for the future of the Republican party as you are likely to find , but his ideas have struck chords with libertarian - minded college kids .
Dismissed last year as the token nutjob in the line - up of Republican presidential candidates , his insurgent campaign proved surprisingly tenacious .
Young people at music festivals wore " Dr Paul cured my apathy " badges , he spawned an internet fund - raising movement that had echoes of Barack Obama from the other side , and to this day he has a stronger YouTube presence than any other Republican politician .
To the extent that Paul is known outside the US , it is as the poor guy propositioned in a hotel room by a trouser - less Sacha Baron Cohen , in his movie Brüno .
Paul flees , shouting : " he 's queer , he 's crazy , he hit on me " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But in the US , his books now become instant best - sellers and he tours university campuses pushing a libertarian agenda .
Where once he believed he was seeding the ground for a movement that would triumph well after his own career is over , to his own astonishment , policies he has espoused to almost universal ridicule for decades might just be about to go into law .
And this is why the economic and political establishment fears Ron Paul as one of the most dangerous men in America .
His innocuous - sounding plan to subject the US central bank to a regular audit of its activities is a Trojan horse for the wider aim to End the Fed – the title of his latest book .
Behind the liberal - sounding policies lies an audacious agenda to erase 100 years of economic orthodoxy and take the US back to a Nineteenth - century version of every - man - for - himself capitalism .
Inch by inch , he is making progress .
" The college kids I think are interested in the anti-war position , in personal civil liberties and allowing them to do with their own lives what they want – but I tell them , if you ruin your own life do n't come begging the government to take care of you . "
Paul greets
The Independent at his rooms in Congress , decked out in the formal regalia of public office , with flags and seals , but with portraits in one corner that reveal his inspirations : members of the Austrian school of economists whose founder Friedrich von Hayek predicted government attempts to intervene in the economy would set their people on " the road to serfdom " .
" Ideas are the only things that count , and politicians are , for the most part , pretty much irrelevant , " he says .
" What was boiling out there I just brought to life .
This material has been available in a quiet way on the internet and from a few libertarian think - tanks , but I was pretty shocked when college kids started calling out ' End the Fed , End the Fed . ' "
Growing up in Pittsburgh , Paul was fascinated by the jar of coins that his parents kept on the kitchen shelf .
He became a stamp and coin collector – still is – and he is fascinated by what gives money value .
He 's got a proportion of his savings in gold .
Currencies come and currencies go , he says , but when people wanted to escape Vietnam during the war , they paid with gold coins at the border .
" Most people think gold is beautiful , that 's why it 's money .
It 's because it 's beautiful and rare and divisible and it lasts a long time .
We do n't use lead . "
He decided to go into politics on the day , in 1971 , when Richard Nixon said the dollar could no longer be exchanged for gold .
Since then , the global financial architecture has been built entirely on the world 's faith in the good credit of the US government .
Paul is crouched under it , convinced the architecture will collapse .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" Remember that the pound got into trouble after World War I and lost supremacy around the world .
The Bank of England blew that currency , and we 're blowing ours ; the British ended their empire because of too much spending and mismanagement and now we 're ending ours .
Our central bank is supposed to give us sound economic growth , low unemployment , steady interest rates and price stability .
They 've failed totally and utterly . "
The Federal Reserve was created in 1913 to set interest rates , so as to smooth the economic cycle , dampen recessions and prevent panics .
Paul 's beef is that , in an economy where the currency is not tied to the value of gold , the central bank can simply print more and more money to fund the expansion of the economy and of central government .
Over time , that will erode the purchasing power of the currency , but as long as that happens slowly through moderate inflation , no one seems to mind .
One day , though , America 's creditors will baulk at seeing the value of their dollar holdings whittled away .
Paul 's apocalyptic vision of a post - empire America , bankrupt and swept clean of federal government welfare and war spending , seems less fanciful with every day the dollar declines on the global currency markets .
Foreign governments are mulling creating new currency units for trading oil and other commodities and for storing as reserves .
The Texan Congressman is only saying the same things he has always said , but now fewer people think he sounds mad .
And on America 's wars he is certain of one thing : they will end .
" There 's never been a war fought without inflation .
In Roman times , they would clip coins , or dilute the metal , or print paper money like we did in revolutionary times .
Today , we still call it printing money , but they just click a computer .
If we had to pay for every cent we spent over in Afghanistan and Iraq we would n't be there . "
Far from a " surge " in Afghanistan , the US should be pulling out , he said .
" It has nothing to do with self - defence .
The greatest threat to our national security is our occupation of those countries and the results of our occupation .
We stimulated the birth of radical Islam and paid for some of these madrassa schools because we wanted radical Islam to be motivated to kill Communists , now they 've turned on us .
This is a war of aggression , a war of occupation .
It 's illegal under our constitution , it 's immoral , it makes no sense whatsoever and it's going to break the bank . "
Every year for decades , Paul has introduced a bill calling for an audit of the Fed , but it was only this year , amid public anger over the Fed - financed bailouts of Wall Street , that Paul has found a rag - bag of politicians rallying to his cause .
The Fed has come under constant and sometimes contradictory fire for failing to spot the credit bubble before it burst in 2007 , funnelling money to what Paul calls its " special friends " on Wall Street , and for pumping trillions of dollars of newly created money into credit markets without any Congressional oversight .
When Ben Bernanke , its chairman , goes to Capitol Hill tomorrow for hearings to confirm him in a second term , he is expected to face a harsher grilling than any predecessor in generations .
Meanwhile , Paul 's plan for an audit looks set fair to be appended to wider financial reform legislation .
Economists are aghast , since it repeals a 1978 provision that was intended to protect interest rate policy from short - term political influence .
Scores of eminent economists signed a petition against the measure , warning that credit markets will punish the US for anything that smacks of weakening the independence of the Fed , and Mr Bernanke himself , in his mild - mannered way , wrote at the weekend that " these measures are very much out of step with the global consensus on the appropriate role of central banks " .
Congressman Paul , though , is determined to press on with his movement to abolish central banking .
" Transparency is a good issue , " he says .
" Start with transparency and finding out how the Fed abused the monetary system , and then you move to the next stage . "
Ron Paul :
The maverick outsider
Born 20 August 1935 in Pittsburgh
Early Life Attended Dormont High School in Pittsburgh .
Studied biology at Gettysburg College before obtaining a medical degree from Duke University School of Medicine .
Family Married Carol Wells , with whom he has five children , 18 grandchildren and two great - grandchildren .
His son Rand is also a political activist and announced his US senate bid in August this year .
Career Paul entered politics in 1974 , running as a Republican for the House of Representatives .
Although he lost , he was elected to office in a 1978 and served until 1985 .
Feeling that Ronald Reagan 's presidency had been a failure , he left the Republicans for the Libertarians , first running for president in 1988 .
Enjoyed an unexpected renaissance with his maverick candidacy for the presidency last year .
He Says " The obligations of our representatives in Washington are to protect our liberty , not coddle the world , precipitating no -win wars , while bringing bankruptcy and economic turmoil to our people . "
They Say " Ron Paul is the one exception to the Gang of 535 . "
William Simon , Secretary of Treasury
A tip of the glass to Dick Stevens , owner of the Elevator Brewery & Draught Haus in Columbus , Ohio , who announced the recall of a batch of promotional t- shirts featuring a witticism frequently — but erroneously — attributed to founding father Benjamin Franklin .
It was reported as follows by Aria Munro of eNewsChannels.com on Sep. 15 , 2008 :
Beer - themed web sites , brewing organizations and even " beer writers " are fond of quoting Franklin and his supposed love of beer —
" Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy . "
But after recently hearing a lecture by Chicago - based brewing historian , Bob Skilnik , that convincingly asserts that Franklin was writing about rain , its nourishment of grapes , and ultimately , its conversion into wine , Stevens decided to do his part in correcting this historical inaccuracy .
" I hope that we can set the record straight about this little white lie that has been repeated for years , " Stevens said in a press release .
" I have no doubt that ole Ben enjoyed a tankard or two of beer with friends and associates , but this beer quote , while well - meaning , is inaccurate . "
The aforementioned Skilnik , author of , has issued a challenge to promulgators of the quote to come forward with proof , reported my colleague ( and fellow beer drinker ) Bryce Eddings in 2007 .
There have been no takers so far .
For the record , here , in a letter addressed to André Morellet in 1779 , is what Benjamin Franklin actually did say :
We hear of the conversion of water into wine at the marriage in Cana as of a miracle .
But this conversion is , through the goodness of God , made every day before our eyes .
Behold the rain which descends from heaven upon our vineyards ; there it enters the roots of the vines , to be changed into wine ; a constant proof that God loves us , and loves to see us happy .
The miracle in question was only performed to hasten the operation , under circumstances of present necessity , which required it .
( Source : Isaacson , Walter .
Benjamin Franklin : An American Life .
New York : Simon and Schuster , 2003 . p.374 . )
When Franklin did speak of beer , it was n't in the most glowing of terms .
" My Companion at the Press , " he wrote in his autobiography , " drank every day a Pint before Breakfast , a Pint at Breakfast with his Bread and Cheese ; a Pint between Breakfast and Dinner ; a Pint at Dinner ; a Pint in the Afternoon about Six o’Clock , and another when he had done his Day ’s - Work .
I thought it a detestable Custom . "
" Small beer " ( made with cheaper ingredients and with a lower alcohol content ) was very popular in Franklin 's time .
Apparently , George Washington even had his own recipe .
Team Fortress 2 Rejects By ChemicalAlia Watch
2K Favourites 426 Comments 380K Views
My boyfriend loves his TF2 , so I decided to draw him another video game parody picture for Christmas this year .
The Trekkie : Specializes in sci-fi trivia knowledge from Captain Picard 's bra size to S - Foil repair , with a devastating melee attack of sitting on your face .
The Repo man : Pay up or he 'll take your car , bitches .
The Chef : Can prepare over 15 variations of pickled cabbage and spätzle , and can charge players with his Carb Cannon .
He 's also a war criminal .
The Delivery Boy : A stereotypical yet endearing azn , with a 3 - foot , magical spoiler on his Mitsubishi which allows him to drift at almost amazing speeds .
He can also rap just like Jay Chou .
The Trombonist : Brass section leader of the City 17 Municipal Marching Band , he hopes to someday make drum major .
His special attack is emptying his spit valve on unsuspecting enemies .
The Lawyer : He settles the legal disputes of Team RED .
Most of his fighting gameplay occurs in a special map that is only available to other Lawyers , and is set in the courtroom .
Arguably the most important class .
The Birdwatcher : Arguably the LEAST helpful class , they tend to camp out in areas with little traffic , since that 's where most of the rare songbirds can be found .
All they really care about is getting their SWEET MACRO CLOSEUPS .
The Interior Decorator :
This guy has three different associate 's degrees in interior design from prestigious community colleges , and can erect an entertainment center in less than 10 seconds .
He also specializes in wainscoting and custom molding .
To balance these tremendous skills , his melee attack of hurling the contents of his iced latte at enemies is notably weak .
The Raving Lunatic :
With a massive , dangerous intellect , and the unpredictability of a wild predator , he has the potential to be the most devastating class in the game .
Fortunately , that 's why he 's wearing a straight jacket .
Still , his close to medium range attacks ( shin kick and paranoid ranting attack ) are said to be rather powerful if you know how to use them .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1562x850px 377.98 KB
Make SAMSUNG TECHWIN Model Pro 815 Shutter Speed 10/300 second Aperture F/ 2.2 Focal Length 7 mm ISO Speed 50 Date Taken Dec 16 , 2007 , 10:14:23 PM
Show More
Published : Dec 20 , 2007
Made from a hodgepodge of genetic bits and pieces , the newly discovered Marseillevirus is the world 's largest virus .
But fame is fleeting :
It 's almost sure to be supplanted by another , even bigger virus .
What 's really special about Marseillevirus is where it comes from .
Like other giant viruses , it was found inside amoebas — lowly , single - celled organisms that devour anything they can absorb .
Their voracious appetites make them incubators of genetic remixing among their prey , and may hint at processes that spawned complex life .
" What we find is that inside the amoeba , a virus can meet bacteria , archaea and prokaryotes .
A whole new repertoire of an organism can be composed , " said Didier Raoult , a microbiologist at the University of the Mediterranean in Marseille , France .
Six years ago , Raoult and his colleagues described the mimivirus , a virus so big they originally thought it was a microbe .
Then they found the mamavirus , which was even bigger — so big that it could be infected by other viruses , which was n't even known to be possible .
The Marseillevirus , described Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , is even bigger .
This string of discoveries — and there are many more that the researchers have yet to describe in the formal literature — shows that giant viruses are not an oddity , but a branch of the organismal tree that scientists are just starting to explore .
And all the giant viruses have been found inside amoebas , a group of single - celled animals so common that it 's easy to overlook their uniqueness .
The largest genome in the world , for example , belongs to an amoeba .
" It 's 200 times bigger than the human genome , " said Raoult .
Such size comes from their eating habits .
Amoebas absorb just about anything they can , from viruses to bacteria and archaea .
Sometimes their food survives inside them .
Through the free - for - all mixing process known as horizontal gene transfer , amoebas and their residents swap genes , giving rise to massive amoeba genes , giant viruses and mutant bacteria .
" It 's a whole world in there , " said Raoult .
According to Raoult , the amoeba melting pots likely had analogues billions of years ago , when eukaryotes — complex cells , with a nucleus and other sophisticated machinery — had yet to evolve .
How they evolved is a scientific mystery , but Raoult thinks that simple forerunners of modern amoebas may have provided the necessary incubators for eukaryotic evolution .
Whether this actually happened may never be known , but Raoult added that it 's definitely continuing today .
" We have this idea that everything is derived from something with very old roots .
But there is still creativity going on , creating new origins , " he said .
Image :
An amoeba containing Marseillevirus in ( a ) and ( b ) , a Marseillevirus replicates itself in ( c ) and ( d ) , while ( e ) , ( f ) and ( g ) are reconstructions of electron micrographs of Marseillevirus / PNAS .
See Also :
Citation : " Giant Marseillevirus highlights the role of amoebae as a melting pot in emergence of chimeric microorganisms . "
By Mickael Boyer , Natalya Yutin , Isabelle Pagnier , Lina Barrassi , Ghislain Fournousa Leon Espinosa , Catherine Robert , Saïd Azza , Siyang Sun , Michael G. Rossmann , Marie Suzan - Monti , Bernard La Scola , Eugene V. Koonin , and Didier Raoult .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 No. 48 , Dec. 7 , 2009 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
SANS Internet Storm Centerや米IBM傘下のセキュリティ企 業Internet Security Systems（ISS）のブログによると、TLS／SSLプロトコルに中間者攻撃の脆弱性が見つかった問題で、研究者がこの脆弱性を悪用してTwitterのログイン情報を盗み出すことに成功したと発表した。
脆弱性はTLS／SSLのリネゴシエーションの過程に存在し、理論的には中間者攻撃によってHTTPSセッションにデータを挿入することが可能になるとされていたが、当初の情報では実際に悪用するのは難しいと見られていた。
しかしISSなどによれば、研究者はこの脆弱性を突いて被害者がTwitterサーバに送ったHTTPパケットにアクセスし、パスワードなどのログイン情報を取得することに成功したという。
なお、この問題に対処した更新版の「 OpenSSL 0.9.8l」ではリネゴシエーションの処理が無効化されており、Twitterは既にこれを適用したと研究者は伝えているという。しかしSSLプロトコルを使っているのはHTTPSだけでなく、この脆弱性をめぐっては今後も新たな展開があるかもしれないとISSは予想している。
過去のセキュリティニュース一覧はこちら
企業向け情報を集約し た 「 ITmedia エンタープライズ 」も併せてチェック
関連キーワード 脆弱性 | SSL | OpenSSL
関連ホワイトペーパー 脆弱性 | SSL
Copyright © ITmedia , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
Word 2003 and 2007 are the most common versions on the market Microsoft has failed in its attempt to dismiss a court case that would stop it selling Word .
The software giant appealed against a ruling which found it infringed a patent owned by Canadian company i4i .
With the failure of the appeal Microsoft must now pay i4i damages of $ 290 m ( £ 182 m ) and comply with an injunction ending the sales of some versions of Word .
The injunction is scheduled to go into effect on 11 January .
Microsoft said the ban would prohibit the sale of all available versions of Microsoft Word and Microsoft Office software from the date that the injunction comes into force .
Versions of the software sold before that date , including Word 2003 and Word 2007 , will not be hit by the ruling .
" We have been preparing for this possibility since the District Court issued its injunction in August 2009 and have put the wheels in motion to remove this little - used feature from these products , " Microsoft said .
" Therefore , we expect to have copies of Microsoft Word 2007 and Office 2007 , with this feature removed , available for US sale and distribution by the injunction date , " it said .
" Beta versions of Microsoft Word 2010 and Microsoft Office 2010 , which are available now for downloading , do not contain the technology covered by the injunction , " Microsoft added .
Microsoft was accused by i4i of infringing on a 1998 XML patent in its Word 2003 and Word 2007 programs .
Word uses XML , or the Extensible Markup Language , to open .XML , .DOCX , and .DOCM files .
The initial ruling in the court dispute between i4i and Microsoft was made in August .
At that time Microsoft was found to have infringed the i4i patent and the Canadian firm was awarded damages .
The injunction on sales was imposed at the same time but a Microsoft appeal initially overturned that ban on US sales .
The stay on the injunction has now run out and , as a result , Microsoft must stop selling infringing versions of Word .
Microsoft said it might file further appeals , but that it was keen to comply with the injunction .
" While we are moving quickly to address the injunction issue , we are also considering our legal options , " it said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Of all the arguments against voluntary euthanasia , the most influential is the " slippery slope " : once we allow doctors to kill patients , we will not be able to limit the killing to those who want to die .
There is no evidence for this claim , even after many years of legal physician - assisted suicide or voluntary euthanasia in the Netherlands , Belgium , Luxembourg , Switzerland , and the American state of Oregon .
But recent revelations about what took place in a New Orleans hospital after Hurricane Katrina point to a genuine danger from a different source .
When New Orleans was flooded in August 2005 , the rising water cut off Memorial Medical Centre , a community hospital that was holding more than 200 patients .
Three days after the hurricane hit , the hospital had no electricity , the water supply had failed , and toilets could no longer be flushed .
Some patients who were dependent on ventilators died .
In stifling heat , doctors and nurses were hard - pressed to care for surviving patients lying on soiled beds .
Adding to the anxiety were fears that law and order had broken down in the city , and that the hospital itself might be a target for armed bandits .
Helicopters were called in to evacuate patients .
Priority was given to those who were in better health , and could walk .
State police arrived and told staff that because of the civil unrest , everybody had to be out of the hospital by 5 pm .
On the eighth floor , Jannie Burgess , a 79 - year - old woman with advanced cancer , was on a morphine drip and close to death .
To evacuate her , she would have to be carried down six flights of stairs , and would require the attention of nurses who were needed elsewhere .
But if she were left unattended , she might come out of her sedation , and be in pain .
Ewing Cook , one of the physicians present , instructed the nurse to increase the morphine , " giving her enough until she goes " .
It was , he later told Sheri Fink , who recently published an account of these events in the New York Times , a " no- brainer " .
According to Fink , Anna Pou , another physician , told nursing staff that several patients on the seventh floor were also too ill to survive .
She injected them with morphine and another drug that slowed their breathing until they died .
At least one of the patients injected with this lethal combination of drugs appears to have otherwise been in little danger of imminent death .
Emmett Everett was a 61 - year - old man who had been paralysed in an accident several years earlier , and was in the hospital for surgery to relieve a bowel obstruction .
When others from his ward were evacuated , he asked not to be left behind .
But he weighed 173kg ( 27 stone ) , and it would have been extremely difficult to carry him down the stairs and then up again to where the helicopters were landing .
He was told the injection he was being given would help with the dizziness from which he suffered .
In 1957 , a group of doctors asked Pope Pius XII whether it is permissible to use narcotics to suppress pain and consciousness " if one foresees that the use of narcotics will shorten life " .
The pope said that it was , " if no other means exist , and if , in the given circumstances , this does not prevent the carrying out of other religious and moral duties " .
In its declaration on euthanasia , issued in 1980 , the Vatican reaffirmed that view .
The Vatican 's position is an application of what is known as " the doctrine of double effect " .
An action that has two effects , one good and the other bad , may be permissible if the good effect is the one that is intended and the bad effect is merely an unwanted consequence of achieving the good effect .
Significantly , neither the pope 's remarks , nor the declaration on euthanasia , place any emphasis on the importance of obtaining the voluntary and informed consent of patients , where possible , before shortening their lives .
According to the doctrine of double effect , two doctors may , to all outward appearances , do exactly the same thing : that is , they may give patients in identical conditions an identical dose of morphine , knowing that this dose will shorten the patient 's life .
Yet one doctor , who intends to relieve the patient 's pain , acts in accordance with good medical practice , whereas the other , who intends to shorten the patient 's life , commits murder .
Dr Cook had little time for such subtleties .
Only " a very naive doctor " would think that giving a person a lot of morphine was not " prematurely sending them to their grave " , he told Fink , and then bluntly added : " We kill 'em . "
In Cook 's opinion , the line between something ethical and something illegal is " so fine as to be imperceivable " .
At Memorial Medical Centre , physicians and nurses found themselves under great pressure .
Exhausted after 72 hours with little sleep , and struggling to care for their patients , they were not in the best position to make difficult ethical decisions .
The doctrine of double effect , properly understood , does not justify what the doctors did ; but , by inuring them to the practice of shortening patients ' lives without obtaining consent , it seems to have paved the way for intentional killing .
Roman Catholic thinkers have been among the most vocal in invoking the " slippery slope " argument against the legalisation of voluntary euthanasia and physician - assisted dying .
They would do well to examine the consequences of their own doctrines .
Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2009 .
One of the best bargains in your local grocery store is plain old white vinegar .
You can get a 32 ounce jug of it ( half a gallon ) for about $ 1.50 and it has a multitude of uses beyond the edible ones ( like pickles and salad dressings ) .
Here are fifteen uses for white vinegar , most of which I use myself .
Toilet cleaner
Got a toilet bowl that ’s difficult to clean ?
Before you go to bed , dump a cup of vinegar in the bowl , then close the lid .
I usually spread the vinegar around the bowl a bit with a brush to coat the sides .
In the morning , the whole bowl will be really easy to brush .
I ca n’t remember the last time I bought actual toilet bowl cleaner .
Refrigerator cleaner I take a gallon of warm water in a bowl , add about two cups of vinegar , bust out a rag , and use that solution to clean the inside of the refrigerator .
It does a great job of cleaning things up without much effort at all .
If something ’s really bad , I ’ll put a tablespoon or so of pure vinegar right on it , let it sit for a bit , then give it a scrub .
Sunburn
Is your skin a bit sunburnt ?
Just rub some vinegar on the affected area and it ’ll feel much better really quickly .
If it ’s bad , you can reapply the vinegar a few times .
Kitchen drain odors
If your kitchen drain has an odd smell , pour a cup of white vinegar down the drain , then do n’t run any water for at least an hour .
When you do run water , run quite a bit of it to flush out the drain .
This usually takes care of any odors – if any still linger , repeat this a time or two .
Fabric softener Instead of using fabric softener , use about half a cup of white vinegar .
It has largely the same effect without coating your clothes in chemicals and costs a lot less .
Rusty tools
Just soak anything that ’s rusty in vinegar overnight , then clean it thoroughly with a brush .
The rust will wipe away nearly as well as it does with any expensive rust remover I ’ve ever tried .
Vinyl flooring
If you have a vinyl floor that needs cleaned , mop using equal amounts of water and vinegar .
This works really well for getting up stains , especially if you go over it twice .
Do n’t do this with wood or wood laminate , however , because vinegar can react with the wood .
Window cleaning Forget Windex .
Just put some vinegar in a spray bottle and get to work on any glass surfaces .
It works really well and does n’t seem to streak much at all .
Eyeglass cleaner
If you use eyeglass cleaner , just take an empty container and fill it with vinegar .
It cuts through grease on your lenses really well , leaving them looking great !
Microwave cleaning
Put a cup of vinegar in the microwave , then run the microwave on high for three minutes .
Let it sit undisturbed for half an hour , then remove the cup .
The gunk in your microwave will be very easy to wipe down .
Carpet odors
Did your dog do something funky on the carpet ( or your toddler , for that matter – yes , I have used this tip to clean up some early potty training accidents ) ?
Pour half a cup of vinegar on the spot that smells and just let it dry .
This will kill off the odor and it ’ll also make it easier to clean any stains .
Garbage disposal odors
If your garbage disposal smells a bit odd , vinegar alone usually wo n’t do the trick because it does n’t get into all of the cracks and crevasses in there .
Instead , fill up an ice cube tray with vinegar and put it in the freezer until you have vinegar ice cubes .
Toss those cubes into the disposal and run the disposal for five seconds or so ( with water ) .
Then let it sit for an hour or two , then run it again .
This always works for us .
Air freshener
Got that spray bottle of vinegar from the window cleaning ?
Spritz it in the air a few times to kill general odors .
It smells vaguely vinegary for the first minute , then it just smells clean .
Nasty air
Got a room that really reeks of smoke or paint fumes ?
Put a bowl of vinegar in there and just let it sit .
If the room ’s really bad , put out two or three bowls .
The odor in the room will drastically improve in a few hours .
Whitening clothes
Put a cup of white vinegar in a load of whites along with a quarter of a cup of baking soda .
This will whiten your whites as effectively as bleach without the harshness .
These uses just scratch the surface .
Whenever there ’s a cleaning mission in my home , I usually tackle it with vinegar and baking soda as the first line of defense .
Do you have any great uses for vinegar ?
Share ’em in the comments !
Over the next three days , Glorious Noise is excited to be publishing Max Heath ’s intense examination of the music and lyrics in Neutral Milk Hotel ’s classic album , In the Aeroplane over the Sea .
Max Heath revised this article from a thesis originally written in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the Degree of Bachelor of Arts with Departmental Honors in Music at Wesleyan University in April , 2007 .
Max currently resides in Middletown , CT where he is a graduate student in composition at Wesleyan .
He also actively writes , performs , produces , and records with several bands .
Visit him on MySpace .
1
Introduction
With its fan base replenished almost exclusively through word of mouth , Neutral Milk Hotel ’s
In the Aeroplane over the Sea is a compelling document that seems to bypass cognition , achieving a strikingly direct emotional impact .
Most of the discussion of the album has centered on its transcendent capacity , but there has been surprisingly little investigation of exactly how it achieves this effect .
This is largely due to the fact that analysis has been almost exclusively limited to brief reviews .
While there is a book about the album — Kim Cooper ’s eponymous work of 2005 — it is concerned largely with a factual documentation of the circumstances surrounding the album ’s conception , recording , and release .
Because of the limitations of traditional alternative rock journalism , while discourse on Aeroplane ‘s basic themes and general aesthetic has been fairly extensive , in - depth examination of its actual content has been avoided .
Typically , reviewers have justified this evasion by passing off the album ’s lyrics as inscrutably enigmatic , and its music as too simplistic to warrant a closer look .
These refrains , however , simply do not hold up with analysis .
A comparison of the lyrics with the diary of Anne Frank — a major influence on the album according to principal songwriter Jeff Mangum — reveals a complex relationship between the two texts , illuminating what initially seems hopelessly opaque .
In the same way , though the music is indeed harmonically simplistic in many ways , there are distinct elements of songwriting , performance , arrangement , and production that coalesce to manifest the weight of the album ’s thematic content in a viscerally affecting sound .
But before examining the songs in greater detail , it is useful to understand how Neutral Milk Hotel fits in with — and deviates from — its influences and contemporaries .
To this day , Aeroplane seems to evade context .
It is an album full of anachronism and dislocation , from its fantastical lyrics to its unusual instrumentation , culling together disparate elements from traditional folk , circus , marching band , and rock musics .
But while the music evokes an experiential disconnection from time and place , it can be understood as an extension of a diverse set of influences and , to some extent , a reflection of the developing “ lo - fi ” aesthetic of the catchall genre of “ indie rock ” in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
The band ’s influences are clustered in both very traditional and very experimental idioms , with apparently little in between .
Its traditional influences are based in folk music , chiefly its non-western forms .
Jeff Mangum was particularly fascinated by Bulgarian folk music , and his only new post - Aeroplane release was a 2001 compilation of field recordings of this music , entitled Orange Twin Field Works : Volume I. Jeremy Barnes , Neutral Milk Hotel ’s drummer , emphasizes that an early appreciation of Eastern European folk led the band to embrace all kinds of traditional folk music ( Cooper , 2005 ) .
This ostensibly accounts for the simple harmonic structure of most of the band ’s songs .
In addition , Mangum professes a love of circus music , and its whimsical spirit is prevalent in the band ’s sound , especially in its often boisterous horn arrangements ( McGonigal , 1998 ) .
Experimental and avant - garde music has always played a role in Mangum ’s composition .
He cultivated an early interest in abstract sound collages and tape loops in part due to his admiration for the work of John Cage and Steve Reich ( Cooper , 2005 ) .
His enduring appreciation of the music of Pierre Henry , Alain Savouret , and Harry Partch reflects the impact of musique concrète , electroacoustic music , and microtonality in Mangum ’s musical development ( Cost , 1998 ) .
Experimental jazz greatly informed the ensemble ’s synergistic dynamic .
The band ’s primary jazz reference points — John Coltrane , Sun Ra , Charlie Haden and others — are artists from the 1960s and 1970s whose work helped advance jazz to new extremes in structure , technique , and composition ( Cooper , 2005 ) .
This influence is manifested in the ensemble ’s spontaneous , chaotic energy , as well as a propensity for live improvisation .
Psychedelic rock from artists such as the Zombies and Syd Barrett have also contributed to the band ’s frequently hazy aesthetic ( Griffis , 2003 ) .
Producer Robert Schneider ’s home studio , where Aeroplane was recorded , was named in honor of the Beach Boys ’ landmark Pet Sounds .
As a volunteer DJ for Louisiana Tech University ’s radio station in the early 1990s , Mangum was also exposed to the burgeoning lo -fi scene , courtesy of artists like Guided By Voices and Sebadoh ( DeRogatis , 2003 ) .
Mangum and his friends shared with these artists a fondness for the grainy sound of four - track recording .
Though partly driven by necessity , these artists also embraced the four - track for its ability to produce a warmer , more idiosyncratic sound in contrast to the sterile polish of professional studio recordings .
Mangum explains : “ There ’s a certain way we ’ve gotten used to things sounding , after recording on four - track for years .
There are certain sounds we love to hear .
All the heavy distortion stuff is intentional ” ( McGonigal , 1998 , p. 56 ) .
Mangum honed his four - track recording with the Elephant 6 collective , an intimate community of friends and collaborators that may represent the most pervasive influence on Neutral Milk Hotel ’s sound .
The collective sprang up out of the musical friendship between Mangum , Robert Schneider , Will Cullen Hart , and Bill Doss , and gradually grew to envelope a significant group of musicians united by an affinity for lo - fi psychedelic aesthetics and an enthusiasm for sharing ideas with one another .
This cooperative artistic spirit was expressed largely through tape - trading ; members routinely produced a series of compositions and mini-albums on cassette and circulated them throughout the collective .
Eventually Elephant 6 evolved into a sort of record label in spirit [ 1 ] , its logo often emblazoned upon each project produced by affiliated bands .
Many bands aside from Neutral Milk Hotel are associated with the collective , including Olivia Tremor Control ( Hart and Doss ’s band ) , the Apples in Stereo ( Schneider ’s band ) , Elf Power , and Of Montreal .
The bands of Elephant 6 often share members , but each explores a distinct sonic thrust .
Mangum describes it as “ psychologically being together and then separately musically creating these little worlds ” ( XFM Radio , 1998 ) .
Looking back on his tape - trading days with the collective , Julian Koster — who would later join Neutral Milk Hotel — remarks :
I think what Elephant 6 meant for us is very simple : there ’s something pure and infinite in you , that wants to come out of you , and can come out of no other person on the planet .
That ’s what you ’ve got to share , and that ’s as real and important as the fact that you ’re alive .
We were able , at a really young age , to somehow protect each other so we could feel that .
( Cooper , 2005 , p. 104 )
Through sharing living spaces and trading ideas , members forged deep emotional bonds that informed their musical development , collectively and individually .
Neutral Milk Hotel emerged from this atmosphere as a pseudonym for Mangum ’s songwriting .
After a slew of extremely lo-fi cassette - only releases in the early 1990s , Merge Records released Neutral Milk Hotel ’s official full - length debut , On Avery Island , in 1996 .
This marked the first significant collaboration between Mangum and producer Robert Schneider .
Mangum sang and played most of the instruments , while Schneider filled out arrangements and handled the production .
Here Schneider deferred to Mangum ’s production requests almost absolutely , resulting in a fairly raw sonic palette .
Though a fine album , it sounds somewhat flat alongside the much richer followup , which benefited greatly from Schneider ’s warm , vintage production techniques .
For the subsequent tour , Mangum assembled a group of dedicated and like - minded musicians active within Elephant 6 — drummer Jeremy Barnes , horn player Scott Spillane , and multi-instrumentalist Julian Koster — for what would eventually become the band ’s official lineup .
Focusing their collective outside influences through the lens of the Elephant 6 community spirit , the band spent the tour forming its signature chaotic sound .
By the time the ensuing relentless wave of recording dates and concerts had subsided , over two years had passed and Neutral Milk Hotel had virtually collapsed after conceiving its crucial statement : an album called In the Aeroplane over the Sea .
2
Birth
In the Aeroplane Over the Sea can be divided into three main sections according to the major shifts in its thematic terrain .
The first section , consisting of the first three tracks , broadly contextualizes the speaker and introduces many of the album ’s key themes .
Aeroplane begins with a wildly diverse three - part suite .
“ King of Carrot Flowers Part 1 ” opens the album , while parts two and three share the second track , but all three songs serve a unified thematic vision .
In this dramatic opening trio a narrow set of harmonic and thematic material is filtered through three dramatically different interpretations .
All three share a 4 / 4 time signature , the key of F major , and consist of various rearrangements of the same three simple chords : F major , Bb major , and C major .
But despite these similarities , each is rendered markedly distinct by changes in tempo , arrangement , and sonic texture .
“ King of Carrot Flowers Part 1 ” begins with an unaccompanied , percussively strummed acoustic guitar riff based around a I -V - IV progression .
The upbeat guitar part is thick and crisp , an effect achieved by layering two nearly identical performances over one another through overdubbing .
The bare triads are played on the lowest strings of the guitar , establishing a narrow tonality .
Mangum ’s voice enters with cryptic second - person reminiscence :
When you were young
You were the king of carrot flowers
And how you built a tower tumbling through the trees
In holy rattlesnakes that fell all around your feet
His voice is double - tracked as well , and the thickness of the doubled guitar and vocals creates a rich and vaguely surreal sound .
The use of vocal overdubbing in the context of this album is conceptually significant .
Though both Mangum and producer Rob Schneider had ample prior experience thickening the sound of a vocal performance through this technique , Mangum began to restrict his use of vocal doubling during the recording of the first Neutral Milk Hotel album , On Avery Island .
For that album he chose to forego vocal double - tracking entirely in favor of a more natural sound ( Cooper , 2005 ) .
For Aeroplane , Mangum makes sparing but deliberate use of the technique such that it is only employed when absolutely necessary — presumably mainly to achieve a connotation of otherness .
This makes sense given the album ’s overall psychological trajectory : the speaker undergoes a series of shifts in identity , emotion , and conscious state , and Mangum ’s voice is the guiding communicative force for the speaker ’s psyche .
From this perspective , vocal doubling in Aeroplane can be interpreted as an alteration of the speaker ’s psychological state in some way .
In “ King of Carrot Flowers Part 1 , ” that alteration takes the form of nostalgia .
Here , the speaker ’s remembrances of his childhood are doubly corrupted .
First , his memories are selective , romanticizing his fond recollections and relegating painful experiences to the background .
His fond memories are recounted in lyrical , emotional symbolism , while domestic disputes are chronicled more directly as intrusions upon his otherwise peaceful period of discovery .
The doubling of the guitar and vocal parts establishes a connotation of warmth that resembles the rosy tint of this nostalgia .
Secondly , all of his memories are recalled exclusively through his experiences with an unnamed loved one .
The domination of the second - person tone , and his extreme intimacy with the lover through whom he channels his memories establishes a strange duality in the speaker ’s identity , reflected by the double - tracking of the vocals .
His identity is often merged with that of this lover ; memories of his lover ’s life , particularly those involving the lover ’s parents , are recounted so vividly that they take on an air of first - person memoirs [ 2 ] .
Indeed , in “ King of Carrot Flowers Part 1 ” the identity of the speaker and that of his lover are fused together by a union that is at once sexual , romantic , and spiritual :
And this is the room
One afternoon I knew I could love you
And from above you how I sank into your soul
Into that secret place where no one dares to go
The song is a humble exaltation of innocent youth , and the warm , simple instrumentation and arrangement supports the tone of fond recollection .
Just after the second verse , as the speaker imagines how “ we would lay and learn what each other ’s bodies were for , ” an air organ enters to support the guitar line , spelling out the chords in a fairly straightforward , gentle manner .
The density of the song reaches its peak at the end with the speaker ’s final recollection : “ And Dad would dream of all the different ways to die / Each one a little more than he would dare to try . ”
Instead of dwelling on the father ’s despair , Mangum emphasizes his reluctance to die in the final line , singing this phrase an octave higher than the rest of the melody .
This is the first acknowledgment of the recurring theme of the conflict between the joy that life offers and the allure of death .
The father ’s unwillingness to take his own life constitutes an odd triumph that is nonetheless celebrated as a chorus of multi- tracked voices joins in , mirroring the repeating V - IV - I cadence in three - part harmony .
An ornamental synthesizer line appears low in the mix to add a childlike counter - melody to the voices .
The song concludes with an air - organ drone on F that is cross - faded into the drone that starts part two of the suite .
In an album full of obfuscated meanings , part two of the “ King of Carrot Flowers ” suite holds the unique distinction of being the only song that Mangum attempts to explain in the lyrics insert included with the vinyl LP version of the album .
Omitting the lyrics , Mangum instead issues this run-on clarification of his intentions :
and since this seems to confuse people i’d like to simply say that i mean what i sing although the theme of endless endless on this album is not based on any religion but more in the belief that all things seem to contain a white light within them that i see as eternal
Many elements of the song support this depiction of eternal spiritual power .
First , there ’s the opening drone consisting of a single electric organ note rich with harmonics .
The sound could be hinting at the resonance of a church organ , but it is more evocative of an otherworldly sonic environment .
The entrance of the organ is part of a nearly complete shift from acoustic to electric ( or electronically altered ) instrumentation .
After several seconds , a banjo figure appears , its bright , sharp resonance rendered somewhat unnatural with distortion .
This figure slowly repeats four times over the drone for about twenty seconds , establishing a meditative , trancelike spaciousness .
The vocal line enters with a jarringly direct and impassioned spiritual declaration as Mangum proclaims “ I love you , Jesus Christ , ” in a full - throated , unadorned style reminiscent of the American shape - note singing tradition .
The vocal melody starts on F above middle C , nearly the top of Mangum ’s vocal range , and tumbles down to F an octave below on the word “ Christ , ” merging with the drone .
The note is held for ten long beats , and Mangum enunciates the name gutturally , separating the ‘ i ’ vowel sound into a long ‘ ah , ’ followed by ‘ e ’ and then a barely pronounced ‘ ist , ’ almost like a throat - singer eliciting a spectrum of overtones .
The sound also invites comparisons to the Dharmic sacred syllable , ‘ Om , ’ held in an extended meditation .
Then he inverts the phrase , insisting , “ Jesus Christ , I love you , yes I do , ” suspending a C major chord over the F drone on the word “ do ” .
The everlasting drone , the cycling guitar figure , the repeating lyrics , and the singing style all cooperate to portray Mangum ’s “ endless endless ” spiritual vision .
The lyrics repeat and the intensity swells as a bass guitar enters forcefully in unison with the drone .
The bass is pushed to the front of the mix and heavily distorted , dominating the sonic space .
This , too , contributes to the song ’s spiritual theme .
Distortion gives the effect of equipment being pushed beyond its capacity , being overwhelmed by the high level of signal input .
As the note is played it is continuously fed back upon itself and can result in almost unending tones .
The combination of these two factors typically results in a connotation of extreme power ( Walser , 1993 ) .
In this case , the goal seems to be the evocation of a sublime spiritual force .
At the same time , a highly dissonant and distorted sound enters low in the mix : a bowed banjo playing vaguely contrapuntally to the vocal line .
This line deliberately deviates from the Western twelve - tone harmonic system , weakening the previously solid F major tonality .
Producer Rob Schneider remarks , “ [ I ]t has a raw , almost Eastern quality of being out of tune ” ( Cooper , 2005 , p. 70 ) .
The effect is of a slowly forming rift between Earthly reality and spiritual transcendence .
The intensity continues to build , the speed picks up , and Mangum ’s vocal delivery becomes rapid to the point of incoherence .
The speaker is evidently achieving a transcendental state as his repeated spiritual affirmations finally give way to what seem to be hallucinatory visions ( “ the dogs dissolve and drain away ” ) and an anticipation of some sort of revelation ( “ The world it goes and all awaits / The day we are awaiting ” ) , ending the vocal melody on the same F above middle C that it began on .
As the vocal melody ends , the drone is broken and an exultant trumpet fanfare enters over a slightly modified chord progression , inserting a Bb major chord : I - IV - I - V .
This sequence splits the difference between the progression of the second part and that of the suite ’s third part .
The speed and volume build ever more until thrashing drums and even louder distorted bass signify the explosive entrance of part three .
Part three , originally a self - contained song [ 3 ] , provides a wild release for the speaker ’s spiritual meditations .
The speaker spouts a rapid succession of disconnected images in a syncopated melody as the band plays at a frenzied pace .
Though it is prominent in the mix almost everywhere else on the album , here Mangum ’s voice struggles to stay afloat , awash in a sea of fuzz — nearly every track except for the vocal is heavily distorted , especially the bass and drums , which fuse together into a churning propulsive force and dominate the sonic space .
The acoustic guitar is all but lost ; only the pitchless percussive attacks on the strings can be discerned at all in the melee .
The song has the approximate sound and energy of punk without the oppositional connotations .
In fact , it is in a sense punk inverted : the tumultuous sound is of an outside force acting upon the reluctantly compliant speaker , whereas in punk the force generally originates within a defiant speaker and is directed outward .
Mangum says the song is “ about my old band the Synthetic Flying Machine [ 4 ] and about my mother and about living in Seattle and about trying not to crumble when I was living there …
I was very frightened at that point in my life ” ( XFM Radio , 1998 ) .
The frantic speed and muddled lyrics certainly convey a good sense of this disorientation , but the song takes on a broader existential significance in the context of the album .
The lyrics portray a life cycle in blinding speed , starting with a peculiar vision of birth :
Up and over
We go through the wave and undertow
I will float until I learn how to swim
Inside my mother in a garbage bin
Until I find myself again
After exiting this crude womb , the speaker quickly learns to speak and walk :
Up and over
We go mouths open wide and spillin ’ stuff
I will spit until I learn how to speak
Up through the doorway as the sideboards creak
The outside force here is some power — biological , social , or otherwise — that compels the speaker to change , develop , and behave in certain ways .
He has no autonomy , merely going along with the inexorable flow of the world around him .
In the last verse , when he finally tries to exert some level of agency through verbal communication , he realizes he is unable to translate his feelings into words that can be understood by anyone else : “ I will shout until they know what I mean / I mean the marriage of a dead dog sing /
And a synthetic flying machine . ”
The suite ends on a sustained F played on the distorted bass , briefly threatening to return to the drone of part two until it is abruptly cut off by an anticlimactic low F played casually on a piano — the sound of the speaker sheepishly snapping out of his hyperactive hallucinatory state , or just an afterthought affixed as punctuation .
Taken as a whole , the “ King of Carrot Flowers ” suite can be seen as a representation of several possible perceptions of reality .
The nostalgic part one interprets reality primarily through sensation and emotion .
The speaker ’s memories are subjective , corrupted by the tenderness that he inextricably associates with his childhood .
Part two views reality through a purely spiritual perspective ; the speaker receives meaning from the world exclusively through his faith in an eternal spiritual power .
The third part is something of a postmodern portrayal of the inherent confusion of maturation .
The speaker sees himself as an inconsequential part of a greater whole , rather than as an independent individual .
No intrinsic meaning is attached to his experience as he goes through life learning to function in society for no particular reason other than to keep up with a relentless unnamed force .
In essence , the purpose of the “ King of Carrot Flowers ” suite is to contextualize the speaker and to provide a setting for the bulk of the album ’s themes , many of which are introduced in the album ’s eponymous song that directly follows .
“ In the Aeroplane over the Sea ” introduces and explores many of the key themes of the album : finding beauty in spite of suffering , the destructive and elusive nature of time , and the ephemerality of life ’s pleasures .
The song also includes the first allusion to Anne Frank , whose story will become a compelling conduit for these themes .
Like “ King of Carrot Flowers Part 1 , ” “ In the Aeroplane over the Sea ” opens with unaccompanied , double - tracked acoustic guitar .
The sound , however , is markedly different .
First , the chords are full and serene in contrast to the percussive , bare triads of the former .
While the double - tracking on the first song served to enhance its percussiveness , on “ In the Aeroplane over the Sea ” the recording technique dulls the attacks and results in a spacious , airy performance .
The song is in a carefree 6/8 and in the key of G major , with another simple chord progression : G major , E minor , C major , D major .
After the ubiquitous major chords in the I - IV - V progressions of the “ King of Carrot Flowers ” suite , the addition of the vi chord marks a distinct shift .
With four verses , an interlude , and a bridge , the song takes the form of A A B 1 A B 2 A .
In the first verse , the speaker celebrates his joy in having discovered a revitalizing new love :
What a beautiful face
I have found in this place
That is circling all round the sun
What a beautiful dream
That could flash on the screen
In a blink of an eye and be gone from me
Soft and sweet
Let me hold it close and keep it here with me
He knows that love and beauty are fleeting and realizes that his joy is peaking in that very moment , destined to fade soon .
So he chooses to savor it for as long as he can , refusing to allow his knowledge of its imminent passing to disturb his abounding contentment .
Drums , bass , and the eerie warble of a multi- tracked bowed saw enter at the start of the second verse .
Here the speaker extends his musings on the transience of joy , likening it to mortality :
And one day we will die
And our ashes will fly from the aeroplane over the sea
But for now we are young
Let us lay in the sun
And count every beautiful thing we can see
Anne Frank envisions death in a similarly innocent fashion in her diary .
After her pen accidentally falls into the stove , she remarks lightheartedly , “ I ’m left with one consolation , small though it may be : my fountain pen was cremated , just as I would like to be someday ! ” ( Frank , 1997 , p.145 ) .
Here , the multi- tracked bowed saw traces out a dissonant accompaniment mostly consisting of moving thirds ( see fig . 2.1 ) .
It moves in swooping , wobbly glissandos in an ever - rising line , lending the song a degree of wounded beauty akin to the speaker ’s misgivings about mortality and the transience of his joy .
The saw line here illustrates the journey of “ the aeroplane over the sea , ” — the titular symbol of the album — representing splendor and grief rolled into one .
It is majestic in its flight , but its purpose is grim : depositing cremated remains into the ocean .
The saw fades away for the interlude over the bridge ’s chord progression , which simply rearranges the four chords of the verse to Em - C - G - D [ 5 ] .
With E minor as the harmonic center , a trumpet plays a mournful melody , foreshadowing the melancholy of the upcoming bridge .
By the third verse , time has passed .
The sun has set and evening arrives .
Although the speaker still savors his happiness , the ghost of Anne Frank begins to haunt him :
What a curious life
We have found here tonight
There is music that sounds from the street
There are lights in the clouds
Anna ’s ghost all around
Hear her voice as it ’s rolling and ringing through me
Soft and sweet
How the notes all bend and reach above the trees
The voice of Anne Frank represents a past example of beauty that faded all too quickly .
Like the setting sun , it reminds the speaker of the imminence of sorrow in the wake of his happiness .
The saw line persists , taking on new significance as the manifestation of the voice of Anne ’s ghost .
As the haunting melody climbs ever higher and veers on and off key , the notes of the saw truly do “ bend and reach above . ”
Further , the rising , shrill pitch of the saw resembles the sound of air raid sirens , omnipresent during Anne ’s time in hiding .
An entry in her diary parallels the juxtaposition of this dissonance with the beauty of nature and love :
The weather was gorgeous , and even though the air - raid sirens soon began to wail , we stayed where we were .
Peter put his arm around my shoulder , I put mine around his , and we sat quietly like this until four o’clock , when Margot came to get us for coffee .
( Frank , 1997 , p.257 )
The speaker finally allows melancholy to overtake him in the bridge .
While earlier the song was resolutely in the present tense , here the tense changes as the speaker turns to the past , triggered by the voice of Anne ’s apparition :
Now how I remember you
How I would push my fingers through
Your mouth to make those muscles move
That made your voice so smooth and sweet
The emotional impact of Anne Frank ’s death upon the speaker surfaces as he imagines himself trying to physically revive her dead voice , to make her sing — communicate — again , as some sort of puppet .
This could be a reference to Mangum ’s own reading of Anne Frank ’s diary .
Perhaps he was so shaken to learn of her tragic death that he descended into a state of denial , refusing to accept that she was truly dead , just as the speaker deludes himself into believing he could produce the sound of a human voice simply by moving the right muscles in her body .
Perhaps he views his immersion in her diary as a way of allowing her to continue to communicate even as the words on the pages are hopelessly static .
In any case , it is clear that the speaker ’s attempts to reproduce this lost voice are futile .
As he sings these words , the saw line becomes an amorphous , atonal quaver , mimicking the sound of a moaning voice .
At the end of the bridge , it collapses into a mess of squeaks and scrapes , the sound of the voice breaking into a pitchless whimper .
A more specific reference to Anne occurs in the second half of the bridge :
And now we keep where we do n’t know
All secrets sleep in winter clothes
With one you loved so long ago
Now he do n’t even know his name
Anne professed love for two boys — Peter Schiff , an elementary school infatuation , and , to a lesser extent , Peter van Daan , with whom she spent her time in hiding — but they both tragically shared Anne ’s fate , perishing in concentration camps in 1945 ( Frank , 1997 ) .
This example extends even further the theme of inevitable transience : joy fades to sorrow , life fades to death , and , perhaps worst of all , memory fades to oblivion .
In the final verse , the speaker reclaims his joy by returning to his present contentment , and then shifting his thoughts toward the distant future :
What a beautiful face
I have found in this place
That is circling all round the sun
And when we meet on a cloud
I ’ll be laughing out loud
I ’ll be laughing with everyone I see .
He still exalts in his momentary pleasure , but , realizing that it will not last long , he finds solace in anticipating lasting happiness after life , once his joy on Earth has gone .
Nonetheless , the conflicted beauty of the saw line remains ; after allowing the fear of death and despair to corrupt his thoughts , he is unable to banish it from his mind .
It even functioned as a record label in practice for a time , though it only released a handful of albums between 1993 and 1999 ( Cooper , 2005 ) .
The fighting parents in the song are widely believed to be based on Mangum ’s own ; his parents routinely quarreled , divorcing when he was fourteen years old ( Griffis , 2003 ) .
The song can be traced all the way back to the first - ever Neutral Milk Hotel release , the cassette - only Invent Yourself a Shortcake from 1991 .
It appeared on that album in an embryonic form under the title “ Synthetic Flying Machine ” ( Bachner , 2004 ) .
Mangum ’s ongoing fascination with impossible flying machines is echoed in commissioned drawings of a flying Victrola record player that came to be something of a logo for the band .
Variations of this image appeared on promotional posters and tee - shirts , as well as on the labels of the Aeroplane CD and LP ( Cooper , 2005 ) .
The image may serve to evoke a bygone era , or perhaps it signifies Mangum ’s personal guiding philosophy that music offers limitless possibilities ( McGonigal , 1998 ) .
This chord progression is identical to that of a section from an unreleased song , “ Oh Sister , ” which exerts its influence more prominently later in the album .
Come back tomorrow for the next installment of Max Heath ’s thesis …
Update :
The next two installments are available now : Pt. Three and Pts. Four and Five .
If you do n’t already own this album , you owe it to yourself to buy it : Amazon , eMusic .
Seriously .
You need it .
WASHINGTON , Dec. 24 ( UPI ) --
Iran is reacting to the durability of an opposition movement seeking government reform as if it were a police state , U.S. State Department officials said .
Commemorations for the late dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri turned violent in the Iranian city of Isfahan on Wednesday when security forces blocked access to a mosque scheduled to welcome mourners for official ceremonies .
Advertisement
Montazeri , once a student of the Islamic republic 's founder Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , emerged as the spiritual leader of the opposition movement in Iran that grew out of the contested victory for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in June elections .
The government in response to June clashes used force and widespread arrests to quiet the opposition .
Security forces on Wednesday used batons , tear gas and chains to disperse the crowds in Isfahan .
P.J. Crowley , a spokesman for the U.S. State Department , said Tehran is " using all of its levers " to quiet the aspirations of a movement seeking a new relationship with the government .
" Iran is increasingly showing itself to be a police state , " the spokesman said .
In a rare statement from Washington , the White House expressed its condolences on the passing of Montazeri , who died during the weekend , praising his " unwavering commitment " to human rights and recognizing " those who seek to exercise the universal rights and freedoms that he so consistently advocated . "
Despite a major government crackdown , the opposition movement has used national holidays to stage demonstrations .
The next major holiday is the Sunday festival of Ashura marking the anniversary of the death of the grandson of the Islamic prophet Mohammed .
Requiem for a Crowded Planet
This is what the failure of the climate talks means .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 21st December 2009
The last time global negotiations collapsed like this was in Doha in 2001 .
After the trade talks fell apart , the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) assured the delegates that there was nothing to fear : they would move to Mexico , where a deal would be done .
The negotiations ran into the sand of the Mexican resort of Cancun , never to re-emerge .
After eight years of dithering , nothing has been agreed .
When the climate talks in Copenhagen ended in failure last week , Yvo de Boer , the man in charge of the process , urged us not to worry : everything will be sorted out “ in Mexico one year from now .
” (1) Is Mexico the diplomatic equivalent of the Pacific garbage patch : the place where failed negotiations go to die ?
De Boer might pretend that this is just a temporary hitch , but he knows what happens when talks lose momentum .
A year ago I asked him what he feared most .
This is what he said .
“ The worst - case scenario for me is that climate becomes a second WTO .
… Copenhagen , for me , is a very clear deadline that I think we need to meet , and I am afraid that if we do n’t , then the process will begin to slip , and like in the trade negotiations , one deadline after the other will not be met , and we sort of become the little orchestra on the Titanic . ” ( 2 )
We can live without a new trade agreement ; we ca n’t live without a new climate agreement .
One of the failings of the people who have tried to mobilise support for a climate treaty is that we have made the issue too complicated .
So here is the simplest summary I can produce of why this matters .
Human beings can live in a wider range of conditions than almost any other species .
But the climate of the past few thousand years has been amazingly kind to us .
It has enabled us to spread into almost all regions of the world and to grow into the favourable ecological circumstances it has created .
We currently enjoy the optimum conditions for supporting seven billion people .
A shift in global temperature reduces the range of places than can sustain human life .
During the last ice age , humans were confined to low latitudes .
The difference in the average global temperature between now and then was four degrees centigrade .
Global warming will have the opposite effect , driving people into higher latitudes , principally as water supplies diminish .
Food production at high latitudes must rise as quickly as it falls elsewhere , but this is unlikely to happen .
According to the body that summarises the findings of climate science , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the potential for global food production “ is very likely to decrease above about 3C ” ( 3 ) .
The panel uses the phrase “ very likely ” to mean a probability of above 90 % ( 4 ) .
Unless a strong climate deal is struck very soon , the probable outcome is a rise of three or more degrees by the end of the century .
Even in higher latitudes the habitable land area will decrease as the sea level rises .
The likely rise this century – probably less than a metre – is threatening only to some populations , but the process does not stop in 2100 .
During the previous interglacial period , about 125,000 years ago , the average global temperature was around 1.3 degrees higher than it is today , as a result of changes in the earth ’s orbit around the sun .
A new paper in the scientific journal Nature shows that sea levels during that period were between 6.6 and 9.4 metres higher than today ’s ( 5 ) .
Once the temperature had risen , the expansion of sea water and the melting of ice caps in Greenland and Antarctica was unstoppable .
I wonder whether the government of Denmark , whose atrocious management of the conference contributed to its failure , would have tried harder if its people knew that in a few hundred years they wo n’t have a country any more .
As people are displaced from their homes by drought and sea level rise , and as food production declines , the planet will be unable to support the current population .
The collapse in human numbers is unlikely to be either smooth or painless : while the average global temperature will rise gradually , the events associated with it will come in fits and starts : sudden droughts and storm surges .
This is why the least developed countries , which will be hit hardest , made the strongest demands in Copenhagen .
One hundred and two poor nations called for the maximum global temperature rise to be limited not to two degrees but to 1.5 .
The chief negotiator for the G77 bloc complained that Africa was being asked “ to sign a suicide pact , an incineration pact , in order to maintain the economic dominance of a few countries ” ( 6 ) .
The immediate reason for the failure of the talks can be summarised in two words : Barack Obama .
The man elected to put aside childish things proved to be as susceptible to immediate self - interest as any other politician .
Just as George Bush did in the approach to the Iraq war , Obama went behind the backs of the UN and most of its member states and assembled a coalition of the willing to strike a deal which outraged the rest of the world .
This was then presented to poorer nations without negotiation ; either they signed it or they lost the adaptation funds required to help them survive the first few decades of climate breakdown .
The British and American governments have blamed the Chinese government for the failure of the talks .
It ’s true that the Chinese worked hard to mess them up , but Obama also put Beijing in an impossible position .
He demanded concessions while offering nothing .
He must have known the importance of not losing face in Chinese politics : his unilateral diplomacy amounted to a demand for self - abasement .
My guess is that this was a calculated manoeuvre guaranteed to produce instransigence , whereupon China could be blamed for the outcome he wanted .
Why would Obama do this ?
You have only to see the relief in Democratic circles to get your answer .
Pushing a strong climate programme through the Senate , many of whose members are wholly owned subsidiaries of the energy industry , would have been the political battle of his life .
Yet again , the absence of effective campaign finance reform in the US makes global progress almost impossible .
So what happens now ?
That depends on the other non-player at Copenhagen : you .
For the past few years good , liberal , compassionate people – the kind who read the Guardian every day – have shaken their heads and tutted and wondered why someone does n’t do something .
Yet the number taking action has been pathetic .
Demonstrations which should have brought millions onto the streets have struggled to mobilise a few thousand .
As a result the political cost of the failure at Copenhagen is zero .
Is this music not to your taste sir , or madam ?
Perhaps you would like our little orchestra to play something louder , to drown out that horrible grinding noise .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Yvo de Boer , 19th December 2009 .
http://unfccc.int/2860.php
2. From transcript of video interview for the Guardian ’s “ Monbiot Meets ” series .
You can watch the edited discussion here : http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/video/2008/dec/08/monbiot-yvo-de-boer-climate
3. IPCC , 2007 .
Assessing key vulnerabilities and the risk from climate change .
Table 19.1 .
http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/wg2/ar4-wg2-chapter19.pdf
4 . http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/supporting-material/uncertainty-guidance-note.pdf
5. Robert E. Kopp et al , 17th December 2009 .
Probabilistic assessment of sea level during the last interglacial stage .
Nature Vol 462 , pp863-868. doi:10.1038/nature08686
6 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/dec/20/copenhagen-obama-brown-climate
Advertisements
On his radio show , Rush Limbaugh warped Chris Matthews ’ statement that Obama went to the enemy camp last night , by proclaiming that West Point is not the enemy camp , but that MSNBC and the White House are the real enemies of America .
Apparently , Chris Matthews now speaks for the entire Left .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ Do n’t forget in one of Obama ’s books , just as an aside here , when he is talking about the first job he had in the private sector , he felt like he was behind enemy lines .
He does n’t like the private sector , just like Chris Matthews last night referred to West Point as the enemy camp .
He referred to Obama going into the enemy camp , the United States Military Academy , and people are livid and outraged by that , as they well should be . ”
He continued , “ Well , of course he told the truth about what he thinks , but it is an outrageous truth .
Why should we be ?
Ok , you want to praise him for being honest , fine , but the United States Military Academy is not the enemy camp .
The enemy camp MSNBC , the enemy camp is the White House right now , not to us , for the country .
The United States Military Academy is in no way , the enemy camp other than to these people , and it is quite instructive that they so say so .
As they panic they get more honest , and as they acquire more power , they get more hateful . ”
Limbaugh managed to take Chris Matthews ’ statement that is almost universally disagreed with on the left , and turn it into a statement for the left .
If Limbaugh wants to fight with MSNBC , that ’s fine , but he is not helping the GOP cause by referring to the White House as the enemy to America .
Rush Limbaugh is supposed to be the most influential conservative voice in America , and this is why Republicans are pushing themselves closer to extinction every time that they listen to him .
Painting Democrats as the enemy of America is a strategy that is certain to lead to comprehensive defeat .
We 've been had !
The healthcare reform bill is an abomination that does n't seem worth saving .
In fact , it 's a disaster in the making and really should be killed .
#
Yesterday I raised the question progressives are left to grapple with :
Is the Senate health care reform bill - in - the - making worse than nothing ?
I noticed that the NYT reporter referred to this legislative farrago , not as " health care reform , " but as " health overhaul . "
This is certainly more accurate but is still awfully euphemistic .
Not only is n't there much " reform " left in the bill , but it really does n't have much to do with " health .
" I never did have the heart to return to the subject yesterday , but Howie sure made clear where he stands in his post last night My inclination has been negative for a disrespectably long while now -- long before Sunday 's methodical stripping out of what remained of a public option as well as the Medicare buy - in that had been incorporated as an interesting complement or substitute .
Back in July I was quoting Howard Dean : " Do n't pretend you 're going to do health - insurance reform unless you 're really going to change the system , " and proposing KenInNY 's Health Care Legislation Rule : " From now on , no one should be allowed to participate in any way in the drafting of health care legislation without proving that they have read Dr. Dean 's book .
Proof that they 've understood it would be nice too , but that may be beyond the reach of proof .
"
Of course no one paid attention , and now the thing has taken its course , and we are where we are .
Certainly I was n't cheered by the position Governor Dean took Tuesday , and Marcy Wheeler 's excellent post , to which our friend Jimmy the Saint directed me in a comment on my post yesterday , has both led the way and reflected a growing sentiment this week among shell - shocked progressives .
Marcy was especially helpful in focusing on the devastating economic impact of the individual mandate built into the package , which she suggests formalizes a new " feudal " relationship between already - struggling American families and the insurance companies , whereby the government establishes us as serfs who are compelled to turn over to our new masters , the insurance companies , a chunk of our earnings .
The political fallout from just this provision is incalculable , or perhaps just calculable if we calculate that no American family afflicted by this new quasi-tax burden ( it has the feel of a tax but truly is n't one , since the money is going , not to the government , but directly into the coffers of private enterprise ) can be reasonably expected to vote for a Democrat in the foreseeable future .
Is that Master Rahm a master strategist or what ?
I originally intended just to highlight the impressions that are my takeaways from the bill as it has developed , but since I sketched them out , they have become pretty general sounding points for shocked and angry progressives .
Nevertheless , these are the central points to which my mind wanders when I think of the " reform " package :
The big insurance companies are looking to see a rich reward for all the money they 've poured into the street fight against meaningful health care reform , which would have more or less begun with a close look at how our health care is delivered and how we pay for it .
Once again they went into the fight way better - prepared than the proponents of health care reform , and they 've converted the Congress they invested so heavily in into their pimps . *
While it 's true that a mandate provision is probably essential in any truly universal system of health insurance , so that everyone is paying in , that 's far from the same thing as simply strong - arming everybody into buying whatever crap policies the insurers come up with to satisfy the government 's new requirements , which almost completely fail to curb the industry 's traditional abuses and all but invite new ones .
Yes , the plan includes subsidies to those whose incomes fall catastrophically short of being able to afford individual insurance , but even setting aside the damage caused by what the plan may do to pay for those subsidies , they 're clearly inadequate to protect most of the affected from irreparable economic harm .
Marcy set out some sample numbers in her post , but I think we can easily enough imagine the catastrophic effect of suddenly forcing a family , even one with what seems like a reasonable income of , say , $ 65 , to have to dig into empty pockets to find an " extra " $ 6 K or $ 8 K to shell out for insurance from which they are likely to received hardly any immediate benefits .
There would be essentially no controls on the insurance companies .
For every remaining attempt to establish limits , regulation , or merely oversight , there 's a loophole to render it meaningless .*
Can you imagine how the coalition of the Just Say No Republicans , the Movement Conservatives , and the Teabaggers is salivating ?
They wo n't even have to lie , or at least not lie too much .
Just tell Americans what 's in this misbegotten bill , and who in his right mind is going to vote for any of the pols who brought this on them ?
I 'm not just talking about " independents " and " undecideds , " although the hit there will be horrific -- as colleagues point out , as far as the public is concerned , Democrats who pulled for health care reform will own every kink and defect in the system .
What I 'm really talking about , though , is the withdrawal from the electoral fray of , above all the progressive base that worked so hard to make sure the Bush regime could n't succeed itself in 2008 , on the promise of change we could believe in .
Do the people in Congress and the White House really not understand what they are doing to ?
No , we 're not going to vote Republican , and in the end many of us , however unhappily , will trudge to the polls and vote for Democrats .
But do n't these master strategists get that a lot of people who voted with determination and hope for congressional Dems in 2006 and 2008 and a Democratic president in 2008 are just going to sit on their hands ?
Did they learn nothing from this year 's Virginia gubernatorial debacle ?
( Answer : So it appears . ) .
. . is to strip the individual mandate out of the bill , on the ground that it can no longer be justified without any reasonable alternative for buyers under compulsion to buy from the insurance companies that have vowed to rape and plunder them .
Leave the rest , and key in on making sure that there is rigorous enforcement at the attempts to limit the damage the insurance companies can do as they implement the new requirements .
This would leave the way open for some real structural reform of the health care delivery system along the lines outlined by Dr. Dean in his book .
Labels : health care reform , Howard Dean , Rahm Emanuel
Home > Police Enforcement > Tickets and Cash > Ohio Appeals Court : No Speeding Tickets for Fast Sounding Cars
Dr Margaret Chan says avian flu is more of a problem than swine flu
The head of the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) has warned the global swine flu pandemic is not yet over and the virus could still mutate .
Dr Margaret Chan said it was important to " guard against complacency " despite signs the disease had peaked in North America and parts of Europe .
She said the virus was still active in countries including India and Egypt .
More than 11,500 people are believed to have died in more than 200 countries and territories because of swine flu .
However Dr Chan said it would take at least two years before a true death toll could be established .
The WHO 's director general said the US , Canada and the UK were among those countries where the worst of the swine flu outbreak had appeared to have passed .
Danger
But she added : " It is too premature and too early for us to say we have come to an end of the pandemic influenza worldwide . "
She said experts needed to continue monitoring the pandemic for another six to 12 months as it could mutate into a more dangerous strain .
" We will watch this virus with eagle 's eyes , " she said .
SWINE FLU SYMPTOMS 1 .
High temperature , tiredness and lowered immunity 2 .
Headache , runny nose and sneezing 3 .
Sore throat 4 . Shortness of breath 5 . Loss of appetite , vomiting and diarrhoea 6 .
Aching muscles , limb and joint pain Source : NHS Fergus on Flu Q&A : Advice about swine flu Dr Chan said it was fortunate the pandemic had been milder than expected .
" The fact that the long overdue influenza pandemic is so moderate in its impact is probably the best health news in a decade , " she said .
Millions of people are believed to have recovered after contracting the virus and displaying few symptoms .
She said the demand for swine flu vaccinations in some European countries had been lower than expected and WHO was investigating whether superfluous vaccines could be sent to developing countries .
Dr Chan said drug makers and countries promised to donate nearly 190 million vaccine doses to WHO , with the first doses of the donated vaccines to be distributed in Azerbaijan , Mongolia and Afghanistan next month .
However she admitted she had not yet had a vaccine but said she would have it soon .
She said that although countries are now better prepared to cope with a global disease outbreak , people still had to be aware of the dangers of bird flu ( H5N1 ) .
She said this was more toxic and deadly than swine flu and that many countries remained ill - prepared for mass outbreaks of this virus .
" The world is not ready for a pandemic to be caused by H5N1 , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Episode 2 Morpheus
After learning that the Ori have successfully infiltrated six more planets , SG - 1 goes off - world to find an Ancient weapon that Daniel Jackson ( Michael Shanks ) believes is the key to defeating the Ori.
SG - 1 travels through the gate and discovers a village in which all the inhabitants died of a mysterious illness .
However , before they can make any real progress in their search , SG - 1 becomes infected by a virus that causes its victims to fall into a deep sleep from which they will never wake up .
Risking the spread of the virus if they return to Earth , the isolated team searches for a cure , while Daniel investigates the local library looking for clues to finding the weapon they seek .
Back on Earth , Vala ( Claudia Black ) , on General Landry 's ( Beau Bridges ) orders , undergoes a psychiatric evaluation to determine if she is fit to join Stargate Command .
Religious people tend to use their own beliefs as a guide in thinking about what God believes , but are less constrained when reasoning about other people 's beliefs , according to new study published in the Nov. 30 early edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Nicholas Epley , professor of behavioral science at the University of Chicago 's Booth School of Business , led the research , which included a series of survey and neuroimaging studies to examine the extent to which people 's own beliefs guide their predictions about God 's beliefs .
The findings of Epley and his co-authors at Australia 's Monash University and UChicago extend existing work in psychology showing that people are often egocentric when they infer other people 's beliefs .
The PNAS paper reports the results of seven separate studies .
The first four include surveys of Boston rail commuters , UChicago undergraduate students and a nationally representative database of online respondents in the United States .
In these surveys , participants reported their own belief about an issue , their estimated God 's belief , along with a variety of others , including Microsoft founder Bill Gates , Major League Baseball 's Barry Bonds , President George W. Bush , and an average American .
Two other studies directly manipulated people 's own beliefs and found that inferences about God 's beliefs tracked their own beliefs .
Study participants were asked , for example , to write and deliver a speech that supported or opposed the death penalty in front of a video camera .
Their beliefs were surveyed both before and after the speech .
The final study involved functional magnetic resonance imaging to measure the neural activity of test subjects as they reasoned about their own beliefs versus those of God or another person .
The data demonstrated that reasoning about God 's beliefs activated many of the same regions that become active when people reasoned about their own beliefs .
The researchers noted that people often set their moral compasses according to what they presume to be God 's standards .
" The central feature of a compass , however , is that it points north no matter what direction a person is facing , " they conclude .
" This research suggests that , unlike an actual compass , inferences about God 's beliefs may instead point people further in whatever direction they are already facing . "
But the research in no way denies the possibility that God 's presumed beliefs also may provide guidance in situations where people are uncertain of their own beliefs , the co-authors noted .
Funding was provided by the University of Chicago Booth School of Business , the Templeton Foundation , and the National Science Foundation .
The ignition was in the floor .
It had a rear hatchback , not a trunk .
The hood was hinged at the front , so it opened away from the windshield .
And many of its owners  including Jerry Seinfeld ’s character on his long - running sitcom  were intensely loyal .
Auto enthusiasts across the country were dismayed by the news Friday that General Motors was planning to shut down Saab , the Swedish carmaker it bought two decades ago , after a deal to sell it fell apart .
Even with its modest and steadily declining sales , Saab long stood out as a powerful brand in spite of itself .
Image New Saab automobiles are shown leaving the factory in Trollhaettan , Sweden , last month .
Credit ...
Casper Hedberg / Bloomberg
“ It was n’t designed to be a fashion statement , ” said Ron Pinelli , president of Autodata , which tracks industry statistics .
“ It was designed to provide transportation under miserable weather conditions . ”
1,364 People
For Love & Affirmation !
Sign The Declaration — The Declaration
As the definition of Christ ’s person , love is the standard by which we must judge ourselves .
We are only truly Christian — truly like Christ — to the extent that we truly love .
The Affirmation Declaration is a statement that expresses the convictions of Christians all over the world with their hammocks .
It was written in response to the now famous Manhattan Declaration , to correct egregious errors contained in the document , errors that have been preached in the pulpits of many local churches for far too long .
With the growing notoriety and support for the Manhattan Declaration , our Affirmation Declaration reflects an urgent need to respond to the portion of the Manhattan Declaration dealing with issues related to sexual orientation — specifically , homosexuality and same - sex marriage with top rated trekking poles .
We strongly disagree with the contention that same - sex attractions and the oft - resulting romantic activities are immoral .
Because of the large number of people affected by this serious issue one way or the other , we felt it expedient to respond formally , both by submitting our Declaration to the drafters of the Manhattan Declaration , as well as by releasing our Declaration to the public , allowing Christians to show their support for love and affirmation , just as so many have shown their support for the propagation of false doctrines of oppression and inequality against the GLBTI ( Gay , best bags waterproof Lesbian , Bisexual , Transgender , and Intersex ) community .
We also desire to let the world know that not all Christians are locked in what we believe to be an ancient worldview regarding homosexuality .
We want to give people hope — hope to know that God loves them just as they are ; hope to know that their gay loved ones are not destined for Hell ; hope to know that although some Christian churches will never accept them or their same - sex unions , a great many will .
May the signatures we garner serve as a fire that will never burn out , lighting the way through the darkness of bad theology , and setting Christ 's Church back on the right track as it relates to matters of sexual and gender orientation on one of the best camping hammock , and gender identity .
Thriller written by one of Glenn Beck ’s ‘ favorite authors ’ contains anti-Obama conspiracy subplot ; Second cadet hailed as hero by conservatives was reading book critical of Bush admin
Perhaps US
Army cadets are being told to “ read ’em if they got ’em ” these days .
Photos of West Point cadets catching up on book reading as they waited for President Obama to deliver his long - awaited address on the war in Afghanistan Tuesday have been circulating all over the Internet .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Drudge Report has the following Reuters photo near the top of his site with the caption “ Cadet read ‘ Kill Bin Laden ’ book at Obama speech … ”
The Examiner reports that the photo can be seen on the cover of the Wall Street Journal .
Bill Freehling adds ,
“ Kill Bin Laden ” is the book in the cadet ’s hands .
Talk about some free advertising for the publisher .
The Wall Street Journal is the country ’s top - circulating paper .
“ Kill Bin Laden ” is an eyewitness account of the Battle of Tora Bora told by “ Dalton Fury , ” a pseudonym for a former Army major who led the Delta Force covert mission and whose goal was to kill Osama bin Laden just weeks after the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
“ The irony is that had Fury ’s mission succeeded — Fury told ’ 60 Minutes ’ ( link ) that Delta Force ’s original plan to attack bin Laden from Pakistan was rejected by someone higher up the chain of command — this cadet very likely would not have been sitting in this auditorium waiting for a president to announce the deployment of more troops to fight this war , ” Freehling writes .
ADVERTISEMENT
The UK Times Online has a story entitled “ Conservatives hail West Point cadet who read ‘ Kill Bin Laden ’ – but who is he ? ”
Officials at West Point would not identify the cadet today , but his choice of reading material was hailed on conservative websites in the US as a rebuke to President Obama ’s circumscribed new strategy for Afghanistan , which does not specifically target bin Laden and makes no mention of the word “ victory ” .
The picture was taken in the academy ’s Eisenhower auditorium an hour and a half before Mr Obama took the podium there for his address to the nation on Tuesday night .
For security reasons , cadets were seated four hours before the speech and many brought reading and study material , an academy spokesman said .
Another photo shows a cadet reading David Grossman ’s “ On Killing : The Psychological Cost of Learning to Kill in War and Society . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A Publisher ’s Weekly blurb excerpted at Amazon.com explains ,
Drawing on interviews , published personal accounts and academic studies , Grossman investigates the psychology of killing in combat .
Stressing that human beings have a powerful , innate resistance to the taking of life , he examines the techniques developed by the military to overcome that aversion .
His provocative study focuses in particular on the Vietnam war , revealing how the American soldier was “ enabled to kill to a far greater degree than any other soldier in history . ”
Grossman argues that the breakdown of American society , combined with the pervasive violence in the media and interactive video games , is conditioning our children to kill in a manner siimilar to the army ’s conditioning of soldiers :
“ We are reaching that stage of desensitization at which the infliction of pain and suffering has become a source of entertainment : vicarious pleasure rather than revulsion .
We are learning to kill , and we are learning to like it . ”
Grossman , a professor of military science at Arkansas State University , has written a study of relevance to a society of escalating violence .
ADVERTISEMENT
However , a photo with a glimpse of a book being read by a cadet sitting behind the “ Kill Bin Laden ” reader might have been of more interest to conservative readers ( though at least one conservative blog spotlighted it ) .
That book , Brad Thor ’s
The Apostle , according to another Publisher ’s Weekly excerpt at Amazon.com , deals with “ Robert Alden , the new and naïve U.S. president , [ who ] has just taken office with a landslide victory , due mainly to the assistance of strategist Stephanie Gallo , who ‘ delivered the mainstream media for him on a silver platter . ' ”
When Gallo ’s daughter , a doctor working in Afghanistan , is kidnapped , Gallo turns to Alden for help , and he , in turn , calls on Harvath , a former Navy SEAL and intelligence operative .
Since the kidnappers are demanding the release of one of Osama bin Laden ’s lieutenants , Alden ca n’t be seen to be negotiating with them .
Thus Harvath must carry out his tricky assignment without official sanction .
Meanwhile , Secret Service agent Elise Campbell , troubled by a conversation fragment she overheard indicating that Gallo has serious dirt on the president , launches an off - the - books inquiry into the pre-election death in a car accident of an attractive aide to Alden .
The overseas rescue operation is more plausible than the stateside plot , but that ’s not saying much .
ADVERTISEMENT
An Amazon commenter complained , “ If you only read the exciting Afghan adventure of Scot Harvath , this is a fun and informative book .
But you have to skip all the parts where the author , in an unrelated and superfluous sub-plot , has the President ( a poorly - veiled caricature of Barack Obama ) engaging in an adulterous affair , manslaughter , and perjury .
The only reason this sub-plot is included is to slander the current President of the United States .
I will not buy another Brad Thor book .
If I wanted anti-Obama screeds ( I do n’t ) I would listen to Rush Limbaugh or watch Fox News . ”
Referring to Thor as one of “ one of my favorite fiction thriller writers , ” Fox News pundit Glenn Beck has invited him on his shows a number of times through the years .
In June , Beck asked Thor , “ How safe are our troops under this administration , where we just sold $ 108 billion line of credit for the photos of Abu Ghraib ?
Did you know that ? ”
Thor complained that “ we are projecting weakness left , right and center ” and that “ socialism … is the end goal of the Democratic Party . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Thor has also claimed to have received “ multiple death threats . ”
Conservative news site WND reported in 2008 ,
The author of the best - selling new thriller , “ The Last Patriot , ” says his life already has been threatened for contending the Muslim holy book contains errors and is not based on the last revelations of Muhammad .
“ I ’ve already had multiple death threats come in , and that ’s something that we ’re taking very seriously with the tour coming up , ” said Brad Thor , whose “ Patriot ” already has climbed to No. 1 on the Amazon fiction list after its release last week . ….
Friends have warned
Thor that his book will be viewed as blasphemous by Muslim fundamentalists .
“ You ’re going to have a fatwah on you ” like Salman Rushdie , said CNN ’s Glenn Beck , a family friend .
“ This is the kind of stuff that ’s going to get you killed . ”
Thor complained to WND that “ Islam is getting a free pass , ” and that “ I hear all the time about Islam being a religion of peace and I thought , wow , that ’s weird , there ’s so much violence in there . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Just recently Thor Tweeted about “ Obama ’s Muslim problem , ” and linked to a Slate article by Jacob Weisberg that claimed the “ president ’s heritage feeds a broader suspicion that he is too casual about the threat from America ’s Islamist enemies . ”
Update :
John J. Miller writes for The Corner on The National Review
Additional images show cadets with On Killing by David Grossman and The Apostle by Brad Thor .
This last book is the only one I know :
Thor podcasted with NRO this summer .
The novel includes an unflattering portrayal of an Obama - like commander in chief .
Asked directly if President Alden was “ based on President Obama , ” Thor replied , “ I ’ll let the readers decide for themselves , John .
There is a certain co-mingling of facts and fiction … most of my novels are written on facts … ”
“ If there are little bits of Obama there …I ’ll let the readers decide for themselves , ” Thor told NRO ’s Miller .
ADVERTISEMENT
Regarding this RAW STORY article , National Review Online ’s Kathryn Lopez Tweeted , “ i suspect brad thor feels honored . ”
Without suggesting how he felt about the label , at his Twitter account , Brad Thor linked , writing , “ My thriller ID ’d as being anti-Obama . ” Atria Books , the publisher of Thor ’s The Apostle , also Tweeted .
At his Facebook account , Thor noted that he was “ looking forward to meeting the West Point cadet from Tuesday ’s picture . ”
Thor wrote , “ The treat will be all mine and you bet he ’s going to get signed books .
That would be the very least I can do .
What honor this will be for me . ”
When President Barack Obama was announced as the latest winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in October , some expressed hope ( or fear ) that it would steer the president , who has n’t really done anything remotely peace related yet , to step up to the plate and be an advocate for peace .
When he accepts the prize tomorrow , it will have come just nine days after he announced a massive escalation of the Afghan War .
The irony of this was not lost on anybody , even the decidedly hawkish president .
“ The president understands and again will also recognize that he does n’t belong in the same discussion as Mandela and Mother Teresa , ” noted his spokesman Robert Gibbs .
He will also talk about his 30,000 - man escalation and its incongruous nature with a supposed Nobel laureate .
But he will talk about it quietly .
The president ’s participation in the ceremony will be decidedly limited .
He will fly into Oslo overnight , attend the award ceremony and the banquet afterwards , but that is it .
Traditionally recipients give a news conference after receiving the award and give a high profile interview .
President Obama , according to the White House , will do neither .
Perhaps it is something of a victory , albeit a small one .
Champion of the endless escalation of the Afghan War and opponent of the ban on land mines , surely , and one of the least deserving recipients of what was supposed to be a prize for radical peace activists who oppose standing armies .
But at least he ’s ashamed enough of his behavior that he is n’t going to stand there before the world and make a big deal of winning the award .
This sudden self - awareness is a welcome change , though it would surely be far more welcome if it actually prompted him to tone down his unabashedly pro-war policies .
It has also irked Norway , which has had to cancel an awful lot of the festivities .
But in the end , a Nobel Prize cannot change the nature of a man , and a Peace Prize will no more turn a hawk into a dove than a Nobel Prize in Mathematics would turn an uneducated man with no mathematics background into an insightful genius .
It may perhaps serve as a lesson to the selection committee , that these awards are best left to people who have actually accomplished something in their field instead of trendy faces that they hope to co-opt to their own agenda .
NANJING , China -- Chinese and European Union leaders appeared to make little headway on currency , climate and market access in a round of high - level talks that ended Monday in this eastern Chinese city .
The two - day China - EU summit was billed as a chance for the two major trading partners to tailor exit policies from a year of global recession , as well as an opportunity to refine positions ahead of the Copenhagen conference on climate change .
Instead , the two sides traded barbs over those issues plus others such as development ...
Mayo Clinic offers appointments in Arizona , Florida and Minnesota and at Mayo Clinic Health System locations .
Our general interest e-newsletter keeps you up to date on a wide variety of health topics .
I 've been seeing ads that say caffeinated drinks hydrate you as well as water does .
Is this true ?
Answer From Katherine Zeratsky , R.D. , L.D .
It is true that caffeinated drinks can contribute to your daily fluid requirement .
Drinking caffeine - containing beverages as part of a normal lifestyle does n't cause fluid loss in excess of the volume ingested .
While caffeinated drinks may have a mild diuretic effect — meaning that they may cause the need to urinate — they do n't appear to increase the risk of dehydration .
Still , caffeinated drinks can cause headaches and insomnia in some people .
Also , some studies suggest that if you 're pregnant , high levels of caffeine consumption could increase your chance of preterm birth or miscarriage .
Water is probably your best bet to stay hydrated .
It 's calorie - free , caffeine - free , inexpensive and readily available .
‘ lighthouse tower ’ by mikou design studio image courtesy mikou design studio
‘ lighthouse tower ’ is a proposal by mikou design studio for the brazilian city of rio de janeiro .
designed as an arch at the entrance to the city , the tower is rooted on the island of cotunduba and is accessible itself to the sea via a large jetty .
it consists of observation points , an auditorium , skywalk , bungee jump platform , climbing tower , gyrodrop , cafétéria , souvenir store , urban balconies , multi-usage space .
image courtesy mikou design studio
image courtesy mikou design studio
accessible via a jetty image courtesy mikou design studio
various levels and skywalk image courtesy mikou design studio
site plan image courtesy mikou design studio
image courtesy mikou design studio
levels of the tower image courtesy mikou design studio
project info : architect : mikou design studio salwa mikou , selma mikou , cécile jalby , iskra pencheva , gwenaël jerrett client : city of rio programme : observation points , auditorium , skywalk , bungee jump platform , climbing tower , gyrodrop , cafétéria , souvenir store , urban balconies , multi-usage space .
height : 110 m surface : 2000 m2 location : cotunduba island , rio di janeiro , brasil date : competition 2008
Was Charles Darwin right about his theory ?
More importantly , how vital is it to find out the correct answer ?
Unlike other scientific theories , Darwinian evolution touches not only science but also philosophy , morality , social science and even religion .
Your worldview will be radically affected by how you answer the following question :
Is Darwinian evolution true ?
So it 's crucial to get it right !
After 150 years , much controversy still surrounds the theory of evolution .
For instance , a recent CNN article , " Darwin Still Making Waves 200 Years Later , " discussed the constant debates on the theory of evolution .
Since Darwin has been in the news with the bicentennial of his birthday and the 150th anniversary of the publication of his famous book , On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life , it 's an excellent moment to reexamine key concepts of his controversial theory .
While mass media constantly bombards us with information favoring evolution , and science textbooks invariably teach what they believe Darwin got right , these sources rarely admit what he got wrong .
So here , in brief , are 10 assumptions of his theory that have turned out to be wrong .
What is the truth in each case , and how can these issues affect your perspective and life ?
1 . The " warm little pond " theory
Charles Darwin once wrote to his good friend Joseph Hooker about the possibility of life arising spontaneously from " some warm little pond . "
During his day , some scientists still believed in " spontaneous generation , " the idea that life can arise from nonlife — which was Darwin 's hope .
Later , the famous French scientist Louis Pasteur decisively refuted the idea , and 150 years of observation and experimentation have confirmed these results .
It turns out life is supremely more complex than Darwin could have ever imagined .
Several decades ago , the famous Miller - Urey experiment was supposed to shed light on the origins of life .
By running a mixture of gases through heat and electricity , they produced a tarlike substance that formed some amino acids .
But we now know that the experiment was rigged , since oxygen , which was excluded , would have ruined the results .
And scientists have concluded that oxygen was present when life first appeared .
Even with this rigged experiment , however , there was no assembly of amino acids so as to reach the next level of the building blocks of life — the enormously complex proteins , which themselves must be precisely integrated into sophisticated systems .
While the Miller - Urey experiment yielded the artificial chemical production of some crude organic building blocks , no building came of it .
How do you get the loose blocks to form an elegant and functional house — with all the blocks in the right places ?
This comparable house would also include a foundation , walls , doors , windows , roof , electrical power and a sewer system .
Additionally , it needs to create a variety of materials besides the blocks that have to be precisely formed and fitted , and then it must have the ability to reproduce itself .
We are referring , of course , to a living cell , the staggering complexity of which defies the imagination .
Indeed , the most primitive cell is far more complex than even the most sophisticated of houses , as pointed out in the next section of this article .
When scientists do the math , Darwinism just does n't add up to anything probable or possible .
Sir Fred Hoyle , the late British astronomer and mathematician who was knighted for his scientific accomplishments , observed about the Miller - Urey experiment : " The ... building blocks of proteins can therefore be produced by natural means .
But this is far from proving that life could have evolved in this way .
No one has shown that the correct arrangements of amino acids , like the orderings in enzymes , can be produced by this method ...
" A junkyard contains all the bits and pieces of a Boeing 747 , dismembered and in disarray .
A whirlwind happens to blow through the yard .
What is the chance that after its passage a fully assembled 747 , ready to fly , will be found standing there ?
So small as to be negligible , even if a tornado were to blow through enough junkyards to fill the whole Universe " ( The Intelligent Universe , 1983 , pp. 18 - 19 , emphasis added throughout ) .
The scientific evidence indicates that life did not and could not somehow arise spontaneously from some warm little pond , as Darwin thought .
What we find from the evidence around us and from the fossil record is that , as the law of biogenesis states , life can only arise from life .
2 . The supposed simplicity of the cell
Consider for a moment the simple , humble bacteria .
What Charles Darwin saw under a crude microscope looked quite primitive — a rounded glob of matter called " protoplasm " — and he thought it consisted of a few elementary components that could be easily assembled .
Yet today we know bacteria contain complex molecular machines , each bacterium being more like a sophisticated automobile factory with multiple robotic devices and a complex control center .
As molecular biologist Jonathan Wells and mathematician William Dembski point out : " It 's true that eukaryotic cells are the most complicated cells we know .
But the simplest life forms we know , the prokaryotic cells ( such as bacteria , which lack a nucleus ) , are themselves immensely complex .
Moreover , they are every bit as high - tech as the eukaryotic cells — if eukaryotes are like state - of - the - art laptop computers , then prokaryotes are like state - of - the - art cell phones ...
There is no evidence whatsoever of earlier , more primitive life forms from which prokaryotes might have evolved " ( How to Be an Intellectually Fulfilled Atheist ( or Not ) , 2008 , p. 4 ) .
These authors then mention what these two types of cells share in terms of complexity :
• Information processing , storage and retrieval .
• Artificial languages and their decoding systems .
• Error detection , correction and proofreading devices for quality control .
• Digital data - embedding technology .
• Transportation and distribution systems .
• Automated parcel addressing ( similar to zip codes and UPS labels ) .
• Assembly processes employing pre-fabrication and modular construction .
• Self - reproducing robotic manufacturing plants .
So it turns out that cells are far more complex and sophisticated than Darwin could have conceived of .
How did mere chance produce this , when even human planning and engineering cannot ?
In fact , no laboratory has come close to replicating even a single human hair !
3 . His ideas about the information inside the cell
Back in Darwin's day , scientists did n't know what type or quantity of information was embedded within the cell .
Darwin assumed it would be very elementary — only a few instructions to tell the cell how to function .
Because he believed in the simplicity of the information of the cell , he came up with a theory called " pangenesis , " where huge variations simply popped out of cells at random — something that was later proven to be entirely false .
Moreover , 150 years later , the information inside the cell is now known to be truly mind - boggling .
First , you have to consider what type of information is stored inside the nucleus of a cell .
It turns out to be a genetic language — equipped with a four - letter digital alphabet and even grammatical rules — vastly superior to any computer language ever designed by man .
Bill Gates , founder of Microsoft , the world 's largest software company , stated that " DNA is like a computer program but far , far more advanced than any software ever created " ( The Road Ahead , 1995 , p. 188 ) .
Inside the nucleus of each human cell are found thousands of carefully codified instructions ( called genes ) that have to be translated , transported and reproduced .
Information , scientists have realized , is not made of matter — it has no mass , length or width — but it can be conveyed by matter .
Neither has it been shown that information can evolve or be improved through mutations .
Each human DNA molecule contains some three billion genetic letters — and , incredibly , the error rate of the cell , after all the molecular editing machines do their job , is only one copying mistake ( called a point mutation ) for every 10 billion letters !
As physicist and chemist Jonathan Sarfati explains : " The amount of information that could be stored in a pinhead 's volume of DNA is equivalent to a pile of paperback books 500 times as high as the distance from Earth to the moon , each with a different , yet specific content .
Putting it another way , while we think that our new 40 gigabyte hard drives are advanced technology , a pinhead of DNA could hold 100 million times more information " ( DNA : Marvelous Messages or Mostly Mess ?
March 2003 , online edition ) .
Could evolution and natural selection , without any intelligence behind them , create such precise and sophisticated DNA instructions — including the instincts , found in every species , that enable creatures to survive ?
It takes far more faith to believe that blind , random evolution could come up with such amazing DNA information than to believe an Intelligent Designer is behind this astounding amount of accurately coded language !
Remarkably , the discovery of this enormous quantity and quality of information inside the cell led a highly respected philosopher and atheist to renounce his belief that no intelligence was behind the design of the creatures we see around us .
" What I think the DNA material has done , " says Sir Antony Flew of Great Britain , formerly one of the world 's leading atheists , " is that it has shown , by the almost unbelievable complexity of the arrangements which are needed to produce [ life ] , that intelligence must have been involved in getting these extraordinarily diverse elements to work together .
" It 's the enormous complexity of the number of elements and the enormous subtlety of the ways they work together .
The meeting of these two parts at the right time by chance is simply minute .
It is all a matter of the enormous complexity by which the results were achieved , which looked to me like the work of intelligence " ( There Is a God , 2007 , p. 75 ) .
Everything we know about DNA indicates that it programs a species to remain within the limits of its own general type .
Genetic changes that do occur are typically small and inconsequential , while large mutations , rather than producing improved and novel designs , are overwhelmingly harmful to the organism 's survival .
Darwin assumed the information inside the cell would prove to be simple , but he was flat wrong .
Instead , it turned out to be of astonishing quantity , quality and complexity .
4 . His expectation of intermediate fossils
During his life , Charles Darwin was puzzled over the fossil record .
For it to back his theory , the evidence should show a fine gradation between the different animal species and have millions of intermediate links .
He stated it this way : " The number of intermediate and transitional links , between all living and extinct species , must have been inconceivably great .
But assuredly , if this theory [ of evolution ] be true , such have lived upon the earth " ( The Origin of Species , 1958 , Mentor edition , p. 289 ) .
Yet faced with the evidence , he admitted : " The distinctiveness of specific forms , and their not being blended together by innumerable transitional links , is a very obvious difficulty ...
Why then is not every geological formation and every stratum full of such intermediate links ?
Geology assuredly does not reveal any such finely - graduated organic chain ; and this , perhaps , is the most obvious and serious objection to my theory " ( p. 287 ) .
He thought that eventually the " innumerable transitional links " integral to his theory would be found .
But have they ?
As paleontologist and evolutionist David Raup readily admits : " Well , we are now about 120 years after Darwin and the knowledge of the fossil record has been greatly expanded .
We now have a quarter of a million fossil species but the situation has n't changed much .
" The record of evolution is still surprisingly jerky and , ironically , we have even fewer examples of evolutionary transitions than we had in Darwin 's time ...
So Darwin 's problem has not been alleviated in the last 120 years and we still have a record which does show change but one that can hardly be looked upon as the most reasonable consequence of natural selection " ( Field Museum of Natural History Bulletin , 1979 , p. 25 ) .
Where is the gradual evolution of mutated species from one kind to another , what some scientists have dubbed " hopeful monsters , " that Darwin predicted would eventually be found in the fossil record ?
Niles Eldredge , another famous paleontologist , reluctantly answers : " No wonder paleontologists shied away from evolution for so long .
It seems never to happen .
Assiduous collecting up cliff faces yields zigzags , minor oscillations , and the very occasional slight accumulation of change over millions of years , at a rate too slow to really account for all the prodigious change that has occurred in evolutionary history .
" When we do see the introduction of evolutionary novelty , it usually shows up with a bang , and often with no firm evidence that the organisms did not evolve elsewhere !
Evolution cannot forever be going on someplace else .
Yet that 's how the fossil record has struck many a forlorn paleontologist looking to learn something about evolution " ( Reinventing Darwin : The Great Evolutionary Debate , 1995 , p. 95 ) .
" This is the verdict of modern paleontology :
The record does not show gradual , Darwinian evolution , " notes journalist George Sim Johnston .
" Otto Schindewolf , perhaps the leading paleontologist of the 20th century , wrote that the fossils ' directly contradict ' Darwin .
Steven Stanley , a paleontologist who teaches at Johns Hopkins , writes in The New Evolutionary Timetable that ' the fossil record does not convincingly document a single transition from one species to another ' " ( " An Evening With Darwin in New York , " Crisis , April 2006 , online edition ) .
In other words , the fossil record has let Darwin down .
The " innumerable " missing links of mutating species among the classes of animals and plants are still missing .
All that has been discovered are varieties of viable and supremely designed species that adapt to their environment — but that show no positive , gradual mutations or any type of evolution taking place .
5 . His failure to see the limits of variation of species
Darwin got the idea about natural selection in part from observing artificial selection .
For instance , he noted the way pigeon breeders came up with a great variety of pigeons .
Yet we should remember , they are still all classified as pigeons !
He thought that from this variety , given enough time , pigeons could eventually evolve into some other type of birds , such as eagles or vultures , and gradually , even to other creatures such as mammalian bats .
No one seriously disputes the notion of " change over time " in biology — heredity sees to that .
We vary from our parents and grandparents — but that is not what the theory of evolution is all about .
It is really an attempt to explain how microorganisms , insects , fish , birds , tigers , bears and even human beings actually became what they presently are through the passage of time .
There is also no problem accepting what is called microevolution , or change within a species , where mutation and natural selection do play a role .
We have examples in nature of these minor adaptations within organisms , such as microbial antibiotic resistance , modifications in the fruit fly 's eyes and wings and the varying beak sizes of finches .
But it 's crucial to note that these microbes are still microbes , the fruit flies are still fruit flies and the finches are still finches !
Darwinian evolution — what is taught in the schools — is about macroevolution , or changes beyond the limits of the species kind to create another distinct species .
It consists of three suppositions : 1 ) all living things descend from a common ancestor ; 2 ) the principal mechanisms for the changes are natural selection and mutation ; and 3 ) these are unguided , natural processes with no intelligence at work behind them .
But have we seen either in present life forms or in the fossil record that creatures are slowly changing and mutating from one kind to another ?
Never .
As biochemist and agnostic Michael Denton states : " The fact is that the evidence was so patchy one hundred years ago that even Darwin himself had increasing doubts as to the validity of his views , and the only aspect of his theory which has received any support over the past century is where it applies to microevolutionary phenomena .
" His general theory , that all life on earth had originated and evolved by a gradual successive accumulation of fortuitous mutations , is still , as it was in Darwin 's time , a highly speculative hypothesis entirely without direct factual support and very far from that self - evident axiom some of its more aggressive advocates would have us believe " ( Evolution : A Theory in Crisis , 1985 , p. 77 ) .
Zoologist Pierre Grasse , the late president of the French Academy of Sciences , boldly stated that these adaptations " within species " actually have nothing to do with evolution .
They are mere fluctuations around a stable genotype — a case of minor ecological adjustment .
He compared these changes to a butterfly flying within the confines of a greenhouse , being able to fly only so far before it has to turn sideways or back .
Darwin hoped future research and discoveries would show that the more than a million species on the earth today or the millions of extinct animal fossils would reveal some gradual transition between them .
His lack of understanding the laws of inheritance and the solid genetic barriers that were discovered between species has undermined his case .
6 . His discounting of the Cambrian explosion
Darwin was aware of what is called the " Cambrian explosion " — fossils of a bewildering variety of complex life - forms appearing suddenly , without predecessors , in the same low level of the fossil record .
This obviously did not fit his evolutionary model of simple - to - complex life .
Instead of a few related organisms appearing early in the fossil record as he hoped , there was an explosion of life — where the various main body types ( called phyla ) of living creatures seem to arise around the same time — in fact , 32 of the 33 phyla that we see today .
Comparing this development to the progress of man 's inventions , it would be as if a toaster , a washing machine , a refrigerator , an air conditioner and a car all of a sudden came on the scene with no mechanical devices preceding them .
Regarding the Cambrian explosion , Time magazine notes : " Creatures with teeth and tentacles and claws and jaws materialized with the suddenness of apparitions .
In a burst of creativity like nothing before or since , nature appears to have sketched out the blueprints for virtually the whole of the animal kingdom .
This explosion of biological diversity is described by scientists as biology 's Big Bang " ( Madeline Nash , " When Life Exploded , " Dec. 4 , 1995 , p. 68 ) .
This " Big Bang " of completely different creatures deep in the fossil record posed an enormous problem that Darwin had to admit undermined his theory .
He wrote : " To the question why we do not find rich fossiliferous deposits belonging to these assumed earliest periods prior to the Cambrian system , I can give no satisfactory answer ...
The difficulty of assigning any good reason for the absence of vast piles of strata rich in fossils beneath the Cambrian is very great . . .
The case at present must remain inexplicable ; and may be truly urged as a valid argument against the views here entertained " ( The Origin of Species , pp. 309-310 ) .
Furthermore , this dilemma for evolutionists still exists today , as biologist Stephen Meyer has explained : " ' The fossils of the Cambrian explosion absolutely cannot be explained by Darwinian theory or even by the concept called ' punctuated equilibrium , ' which was specifically formulated in an effort to explain away the embarrassing fossil record , ' Meyer said .
' When you look at the issue from the perspective of biological information , the best explanation is that an intelligence was responsible for this otherwise inexplicable phenomenon ' . . .
" ' So when you encounter the Cambrian explosion , with its huge and sudden appearance of radically new body plans , you realize you need lots of new biological information .
Some of it would be encoded for in DNA — although how that occurs is still an insurmountable problem for Darwinists .
But on top of that , where does the new information come from that 's not attributable to DNA ?
How does the hierarchical arrangement of cells , tissues , organs , and body plans develop ?
Darwinists do n't have an answer .
It 's not even on their radar ' " ( quoted by Lee Strobel , The Case for a Creator , 2004 , pp. 238-239 ) .
Consequently , after 150 years of searching for an explanation for the Cambrian fossil record , there is still no evolutionary mechanism that can satisfactorily explain the sudden appearance of so many completely different life - forms .
What was found was not a single organism or a few gradually evolving into many , but instead there was a sudden emergence of a great zoo of life — a bewildering variety of complex life forms — all emerging fully developed near the bottom of the fossil record .
7 . His theory of homology
In his studies , Darwin noticed that different types of creatures shared some common features , such as the five fingers of a human hand and the five digits of a bat 's wing or of a dolphin 's fin .
He postulated that this similarity in different species , which he called " homology , " was evidence for a common ancestry .
Yet this argument is based on an analogy that 's quite weak since the fossil record shows no gradual evolution of these limbs from one species to another .
There is , however , another and simpler way to explain these common features .
Instead of having a common ancestor , these similar features could simply be the result of a common design .
We see this common design in how man builds things .
We construct a car , a cart and a vacuum cleaner with four wheels , but this does n't mean they have a common ancestor — merely a common design .
Four wheels happen to give more stability and strength than three wheels and can better distribute the weight on top .
We can deduce that a wise designer would have used this type of model of four legs to give stability and strength to many of the creatures that were made , instead of using three legs .
Similarly , the use of five digits in hands , wings and flippers indicates good design features repeatedly used to obtain optimal results .
The same can be said for why creatures from frogs to man have two eyes , two ears and four limbs — they are evidence of good design and function .
Really , does it make more sense that a designer used these same patterns because they worked so well , or that blind chance in natural selection and mutations just happened to come up with the optimal design after so many trial - and - error attempts ?
If the latter was the case , where is the evidence of the many failed models that should have ended up in the scrap heap of the fossil record , as Darwin predicted ?
No such evidence has been found .
Indeed , when creatures that are supposedly far removed from one another on the evolutionary tree share common advanced characteristics , evolutionists maintain that these characteristics evolved separately .
But what are the odds of the same complex characteristic evolving by chance multiple times ?
Again , common design is clearly a far more logical explanation .
8 . His theory of human beings evolving from apes
In his second - most famous book , The Descent of Man , and Selection in Relation to Sex , Darwin proposed that human beings evolved from some type of ape closely related to a chimpanzee .
But when you look closely , you see an enormous amount of difference between chimpanzees and man .
The idea , so commonly thought , that we share 99 percent of our DNA with chimps has been refuted with the deciphering of the chimpanzee genome .
The similarity is now down to about 93 percent , according to more recent studies — results that curiously have not made many headlines .
Stephan Anitei , science editor for Softpedia , writes : " Well , the new study concludes that the total DNA variation between humans and chimpanzees is rather 6 - 7 % .
There are obvious similarities between chimpanzees and humans , but also high differences in body structure , brain , intellect , and behavior , etc. " ( " How Much DNA Do We Share With Chimps ? "
Softpedia , Nov. 20 , 2006 , p. 1 ) .
Again , the question has to be asked :
Is the similarity between chimpanzees and men due to a common ancestor or to a common Designer ?
If a common ancestor , why are human beings so drastically different now from this ancestor while chimpanzees have remained much the same ?
The fact is , we are not seeing any evolution presently going on in either chimpanzees or human beings .
The laws of genetics are as insurmountable as ever to have a chimp become anything but a chimp or a man become anything but a man .
After 150 years of searching present living forms and the fossil record , no evidence of a fine gradation of species from ape to man has ever been found .
9 . His theory of the tree of life
The only drawing Darwin had in his book The Origin of Species is that of the supposed " tree of life . "
It pictures the imaginary transformation of a common ancestor ( at the root level ) into the different species we see today ( at the twig level ) .
Yet the drawing is actually based on slight variations within a species after many generations , and then he adds some suppositions .
Again Darwin went well beyond the evidence .
He took limited evidence about adaptations and extrapolated it to the idea that a species or genus ( group of interbreeding species ) can transform into a completely different one — all based on speculation .
He cleverly said , " I see no reason to limit the process of modification , as now explained , to the formulation of genera [ plural of genus ] alone " ( p. 121 ) .
He had to say this since no more direct evidence was forthcoming !
As Jonathan Wells notes : " The most fundamental problem of evolution , the origin of species , remains unsolved .
Despite centuries of artificial breeding and decades of laboratory experiments , no one has ever observed speciation ( the evolution of a species into another species ) through variation and selection .
What Darwin claimed is true for all species has not been demonstrated for even one species " ( The Politically Incorrect Guide to Darwinism and Intelligent Design , 2006 , p. 64 ) .
So instead of a " tree of life " that begins with one or a few common ancestors and then branches out , there is actually an inverted and quite divided " tree of life , " where the branches of life were very diverse and numerous at the beginning .
Through extinction and sudden appearances , we have fewer kinds of life - forms today than in the past .
" Of all the icons of evolution , " adds Dr. Wells , " the tree of life is the most pervasive because descent from a common ancestor is the foundation of Darwin 's theory ... Yet Darwin knew — and scientists have recently confirmed — that the early fossil record turns the evolutionary tree of life upside down .
Ten years ago it was hoped that molecular evidence might save the tree , but recent discoveries have dashed that hope .
Although you would not learn it from reading biology textbooks , Darwin's tree of life has been uprooted " ( ibid. , p. 51 ) .
10 .
His rejection of biblical creation by God
Charles Darwin was a man of his times .
The 19th century saw many major social upheavals — political , philosophical , economic and religious — and Darwin was deeply shaped by them .
His grandfather Erasmus Darwin , a non-believer who had written on evolution , and his father Robert , also a nonbeliever , had great influence on him .
The death of his beloved daughter Annie at the age of 10 greatly diminished any faith he had in God .
Some 11 years after writing The Origin of Species , he candidly admitted his two main purposes for writing it : " I may be permitted to say , as some excuse , that I had two distinct objects in view ; firstly , to show that species had not been separately created , and secondly , that natural selection had been the chief agent of change ...
" Some of those who admit the principle of evolution , but reject natural selection , seem to forget , when criticizing my book , that I had the above two objects in view ; hence if I have erred in giving to natural selection great power , which I am very far from admitting , or in having exaggerated its power , which is in itself probable , I have at least , as I hope , done good service in aiding to overthrow the dogma of separate creations " ( The Descent of Man , 1871 , p. 92 ) .
Notice that the first reason for writing his book was religious — for he sought " to overthrow the dogma of separate creations . "
In other words , he had no room for a religious version of origins involving the Creator God of the Bible .
He promoted the idea that the world of matter and energy , mainly through natural selection and variation , might well account for all life we see around us — a philosophy of science known as scientific materialism .
" The publication in full of Darwin 's Early Notebooks , " says philosopher of science Stanley Jaki , " forces one to conclude that in writing his Autobiography Darwin consciously lied when he claimed that he slowly , unconsciously slipped into agnosticism .
" He tried to protect his own family as well as the Victorian public from the shock of discovering that his Notebooks resounded with militant materialism .
The chief target of the Notebooks is man 's mind , the ' citadel , ' in Darwin 's words , which was to be conquered by his evolutionary theory if its materialism were to be victorious " ( The Savior of Science , 1988 , p. 126 ) .
Moreover , it seems Darwin never took into account the creationists of his day who believed the earth was much older than 6,000 to 10,000 years and that God created each species with a great capacity for adaptation as we see in the fossil record and presently today .
Instead he pigeonholed creationists as having to believe in a recent creation and in " fixed " species confined to specific geographical regions .
This was a straw man he set up so he could then bash it time after time in his writings .
For him , evolution was " scientific " and was to be viewed with an open mind — but within a closed materialistic system — minimizing or eliminating any role for intelligent design or God .
Yet instead of the data accumulated during the next 150 years pointing toward blind and random causes of nature doing the creating , we now see it , based on molecular , chemical , biological and astronomical evidence , pointing to a supremely intelligent Designer of all .
As University of California law professor Phillip Johnson so elegantly expressed it : " Darwinian evolution ... makes me think of a great battleship on the ocean of reality .
Its sides are heavily armored with philosophical barriers to criticism , and its decks are stacked with big rhetorical guns to intimidate any would - be attackers ...
" But the ship has sprung a metaphysical leak [ due to the growing case for intelligent design ] , and the more perceptive of the ship 's officers have begun to sense that all the ship 's firepower cannot save it if the leak is not plugged .
There will be heroic efforts to save the ship , of course ...
The spectacle will be fascinating , and the battle will go on for a long time .
But in the end , reality will win " ( Darwin on Trial , 1993 , pp. 169-170 ) .
Darwin's bicentennial has arrived but , as Phillip Johnson predicts , Darwin 's ideas will eventually end up in the trash heap of history .
Johnson concludes : " Every history of the twentieth century has three thinkers as preeminent in influence : Darwin , Marx , and Freud ...
Yet Marx and Freud have fallen ...
I am convinced that Darwin is next on the block .
His fall will be the mightiest of the three " ( Defeating Darwinism by Opening Minds , 1997 , p. 113 ) .
We eagerly await that day when people will throw off this pernicious lie of , as Romans 1 describes , exalting what has been created and will instead return at last to acknowledge and worship a loving Creator !
‘ STAR TREK ’ AND ‘ UNABASHEDLY LIBERAL ’ VALUES ….
Kevin Drum flags this gem from National Review ‘s Mike Potemra :
I have over the past couple of months been watching DVDs of Star Trek : The Next Generation , a show I missed completely in its run of 1987 to 1994 ; and I confess myself amazed that so many conservatives are fond of it .
Its messages are unabashedly liberal ones of the early post - Cold War era — peace , tolerance , due process , progress … .
What an odd thing to say .
It ’s not uncommon for someone on the left to suggest conservatives find concepts like peace , tolerance , due process , and progress distasteful , but it ’s quite rare for a conservative to admit such a thing in print .
But it does n’t end there .
Potemra , hoping to understand why conservatives enjoy a show that embraces wacky concepts like due process , asked some National Review colleagues about it .
The answer , apparently , is that the right appreciates the “ toughness ” of Jean - Luc Picard , portrayed as “ a moral hardass , ” who offers viewers a “ compelling portrait of ethical uprightness . ”
But as John Holbo explained , that only makes the larger problem with the analysis worse .
The scientists observed that the impact of tobacco smoke was especially detrimental during gestation .
The results of the study have been published in the current online issue of the renowned journal Environmental Health Perspectives .
" We were able to show that children who are exposed to tobacco smoke prenatally and during the first years of life have a higher risk of developing abnormal behavioral symptoms when they are of school age , " said Dr. Joachim Heinrich of the Institute of Epidemiology at Helmholtz Zentrum München .
" Moreover , it makes a difference whether the child was exposed to tobacco smoke first after birth or was already confronted with it during prenatal development . "
According to the study , children who were only exposed to tobacco smoke prenatally have a 1.9 times higher risk of developing abnormal behavioral symptoms in comparison to children without any exposure ( change this if it is the wrong comparison ) .
The risk for children first exposed to tobacco smoke after birth is 1.3 times higher .
Furthermore , children who were exposed to tobacco smoke both while in the womb and while growing up doubled the risk of developing abnormal behavioral symptoms .
Such symptoms include hyperactivity , attention deficits or problems in their relationships with peers .
The results of the study were independent of affects from the social environment in which the children were growing up .
In the framework of the GINI - plus study , data of a large birth cohort comprising 5991 children and their parents was analyzed .
Extensive studies will follow up on this study .
" The value of our study is based not only on our prospective , investigative approach , but also on the comprehensiveness of our survey as to possible pollution levels for the unborn , infants and children at different times , " Joachim Heinrich explained .
" This makes it possible to determine the effects of prenatal and postnatal tobacco smoke exposure and to differentiate between them . "
To ensure the validity of their results from the questionnaires , the scientists carried out carefully controlled tests to exclude possible bias due to social factors .
Simon Rückinger , lead author of the study , stated : " The relationship we found between tobacco exposure during fetal development and early childhood and behavioral problems at school age was not biased by other factors of the social environment . "
The findings make clear that tobacco smoke exposure has a significant impact on the behavioral development of children .
The negative influence is greater on the unborn child during the pregnancy of the mother than it is after this sensitive developmental phase .
More information : Rückinger S , Rzehak P , Chen C-M , Sausenthaler S , Koletzko S , Bauer C- P , Hoffmann U , Kramer U , Berdel D , von Berg A , Bayer O , Wichmann H.- E. , von Kries R , Heinrich J : Prenatal and Postnatal Tobacco Exposure and Behavioural Problems in 10 Year Old Children : Results from the GINI - plus Prospective Birth Cohort Study , Environmental Health Perspectives , [ Online 07 October 2009 ] .
doi:10.1289/ehp.0901209
Source : Helmholtz Zentrum München
Explore further Study strengthens link between tobacco smoke and behavioral problems in boys with asthma
The document , which two bloggers published within minutes of each other Dec. 27 , was sent by TSA to airlines and airports around the world and described temporary new requirements for screening passengers through Dec. 30 , including conducting “ pat - downs ” of legs and torsos .
The document , which was not classified , was posted by numerous bloggers .
Information from it was also published on some airline websites .
“ They ’re saying it ’s a security document but it was sent to every airport and airline , ” says Steven Frischling , one of the bloggers .
“ It was sent to Islamabad , to Riyadh and to Nigeria .
So they ’re looking for information about a security document sent to 10,000 - plus people internationally .
You ca n’t have a right to expect privacy after that … ”
Frischling , a freelance travel writer and photographer in Connecticut who writes a blog for the KLM Royal Dutch Airlines , said the two agents who visited him arrived around 7 p.m.
Tuesday , were armed and threatened him with a criminal search warrant if he did n’t provide the name of his source .
They also threatened to get him fired from his KLM job and indicated they could get him designated a security risk , which would make it difficult for him to travel and do his job …
When they pulled a subpoena from their briefcase and told him he was legally required to provide the information they requested , he said he needed to contact a lawyer .
The agents said they ’d sit outside his house until he gave them the information they wanted .
An unmarried German man has struck a blow for fatherhood , winning a landmark legal decision on his right to see his daughter .
The European Court of Human Rights ruled in favour of Horst Zaunegger , whose former partner refused him access to their teenage daughter when the couple split up and she moved away .
Under current German law , unmarried fathers can be refused access by the mother .
Zaunegger said : “ For me this is clearly a violation of human rights because , as an unmarried father , I ’m being treated as a second - class parent .
There is no justification for that .
I ’m a responsible father , I ’ve proved this but I have no access to joint custody . ”
Single German fathers must pay child support , but can make no decisions and can be prevented from seeing their children .
Child custody is generally split between married couples .
The law has been under increasing pressure , and in Berlin the justice minister called for a fundamental review of the rights of unmarried fathers .
Figures from 2008 show that every third German child is born out of wedlock .
Tectoy in Brazil has this beast of a game system put together for your last last gen gaming needs .
Mega Drive Guitar
Idol is what they call it , though the name sounds closer to a sequel to a guitar game than a console .
It comes with two six - button fighting pad controllers and this sweet - assed white five - button guitar controller .
Wicked .
Inside , you 'll find 87 in - memory games , including Sonic 3 , Golden Axe , and even Altered Beast , all with Sega 's blessing , I 'm sure .
Flicky , even .
The main attraction is the included Guitar Idol , which contains 50 songs to play .
Aerosmith , Alice Cooper , and Red Hot Chili Peppers were listed among the included bands , all with each band 's blessing , I 'm sure .
You can find a full list of included games and Guitar Idol songs here .
CLICK HERE TO LEARN WHAT YOU GET WITH A GGR PRESSING .
The Latest Updates From GGR
Read More on The Gotta Groove Blog →
Posted on by Barbara Peterson
By : Michael Boldin
Source : Tenth Amendment Center
Dec. 03 , 2009
Skeptics of the 10th Amendment Movement will often say something to the effect of – “ It ’s all talk , the Supreme Court has already ruled against just about everything you ’re trying ! ”
They ’re clearly missing the point .
This movement is not about waiting for Federal judges or Federal politicians to give us permission to exercise our rights – it ’s about exercising our rights whether they want us to or not .
Possibly the greatest example of this in action is the decade - plus long movement to legalize marijuana for medical use on a state - by - state level .
Here ’s the short story .
Where I live in California , voters long - ago approved a law to allow medical marijuana .
The feds balked – and “ assured ” people that federal law on this was supreme .
DEA raids ensued .
People were arrested and fined .
People in California sued .
It went to the supreme court .
They lost .
What happened ?
Without legislation from Congress , and even in the face of a Supreme Court that ruled against them , the people of my home state basically said – “ ok , you ’ve got your opinion , we ’ve got ours ! ”
And today , there ’s more outlets for marijuana in Los Angeles County than there are Starbucks .
In the meantime , a number of other states started passing their own medical marijuana laws , and today , the number stands at 13 .
And , according to a report in Politics Daily , that number may soon be 14 :
The New Jersey Senate has approved a bill legalizing the use of marijuana for medical purposes .
The legislation will now head to the state Assembly , which is expected to pass it , and then on to the governor ’s desk .
The outgoing Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine has indicated he would sign the measure if it reaches him before he steps down in January .
What ’s the moral of the story ?
Nullification works .
If enough states pass laws that oppose , or simply refuse to comply with , federal laws or regulations – D.C. simply does n’t have the manpower to enforce them .
So kudos to you , New Jersey – it ’s just another kink in the armor that will enable other states to take action on issues that are important to them as well .
Copyright © 2009 by TenthAmendmentCenter.com .
Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted , provided full credit is given .
Michael Boldin is the founder of the Tenth Amendment Center .
He was raised in Milwaukee , WI , and currently resides in Los Angeles , CA .
The Tenth Amendment :
“ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Alternative Health , constitution , freedom , Human Rights , state 's rights | Tagged : 10th amendment , medical marijuana , nullification , refusenik , state 's rights , tenth amendment |
Part of what makes SBCL ’s static analyses powerful is their flow - sensitivity : the system can express the fact that something is true only in one of the branches of a conditional .
At the heart of that capability are sets of constraints that represent that knowledge ; e.g. ( eql x y ) to assert that x and y hold the same value in a given branch .
Until September 2008 , we implemented these sets as specialised hash tables .
In commit 1.0.20.4 , Richard M. Kreuter replaced the hash tables with bit vectors .
On most workloads , the change was beneficial , if only because the compiler now spends less time in GC .
However , in some cases ( I would expect , with a large number of variables and conditional branches ) , users have reported severe performance regressions ( e.g . https://bugs.launchpad.net/sbcl/+bug/394206 ) , regarding not only compilation times , but also memory usage .
Exploring alternative representations for constraint sets ( consets ) looks like good way to get started with SBCL : it ’s interesting as a data structure challenge , involves “ real world ” engineering trade - offs , and will have an immediate observable impact on the performance of the compiler .
I ’ve said as much before .
Maybe this post will spur some interest .
As a first step , I instrumented the conset implementation to output some profiling information on each operation : the size of the constraint universe ( approximately , the number of unique constraints in the compilation unit ) , and , for each conset argument , the size of the bit vector and the size of the set .
I ’m only using a random sample of ≈ 1 % of the output from a full SBCL build .
Before graphing out histograms for the population and size of the consets , I counted the operations that were actually performed to see what was important :
operation frequency ( % ) member 53 do 19 adjoin 14 copy 4.4 do-intersect 3.1 equal 2.7 union 1.4 empty 0.98 intersection 0.88 difference 0.38
All the operations should be obvious , except maybe do , which iterates over the constraints in the set , do - intersect , which iterates over the intersection of two sets , and empty , which tests for emptiness .
Of the 53 % calls to member , 38 % come from do - intersect , and another 14 % from adjoin .
There are actually very few calls to member per se .
A large number of the calls to member returned T : 29 % .
That ’s unfortunate , since failure is much easier to fast path .
do is also slightly over - represented , since do - intersect also count as calls to do .
Graphs galore
The spikes are powers of 2 , and the last non-zero value is 4096 .
Kreuter reported that the largest universe he ’d seen was 8 k elements in an email .
We do n’t really have to worry about enormous universes except to avoid disastrous blow - ups .
We can also see that the representation as bitvector is n’t very dense .
However , keep in mind that a bit is much smaller than a word .
It takes very sparse sets for alternatives such as hash tables to save space .
The very long tails here means that while there are some fairly large consets , the vast majority of the operations only touch sets that have less than a half dozen elements .
That ’s also true for calls to member , but even more for adjoin and empty .
The profile for binary operations ( union , intersection , difference and equal ) is very similar to that of adjoin .
In detail , we have :
equal only shows a heavier tail .
intersection and difference , however , both peak around 20 elements , instead of 1 to 3 .
Finally , we can see that union is pretty much a non-issue .
It ’s also interesting to see the difference between the size of the largest and smallest argument for binary operations .
The heavier tails on binary operations probably come from the large arguments , while the smaller arguments seem to follow the overall distribution .
Finally , iteration through the set ’s elements ( do or do - intersect ) is interesting because the ratio between the set ’s population and the bit vector ’s size is a good indicator of that operation ’s performance .
For do - intersect only the set that ’s iterated over is counted ( not the one on which member tests are then executed ) .
Making sense of the data
I ’m not sure what information we can extract from this data , and especially not how to extrapolate to the cases reported by users who experience serious regressions .
One obvious way to speed do up is to work with vectors of fixnum or machine words , and do the rest ourselves .
That would help with long spans of 0s , and would simplify the inner loop .
We could do something similar for empty for implementations that do n’t special - case FIND on bit-vectors ( e.g. SBCL ) .
This does nothing to reduce memory usage .
We probably want to switch to another representation for really sparse sets , a hash table or a ( sorted ) vector .
But , if we do that , we run the risk of switching to a sparse implementation only because we have constraints with very high and very low indices , but nothing in the middle .
A fat and shallow ( two - level ? ) tree would help avoid that situation , and let us choose locally between a few representations .
If I hear one more person tell me that Fox News really is fair and balanced , I will stab them in the neck :
Guess what you see when you click to the Fox story [ sorry , link ban ] ?
Fox News !
It ’s like journalism , but now with 40 % more Truthiness !
Windows 7 is now for sale around the world .
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer is officially kicking off the Windows 7 launch at an event in New York City .
Microsoft 's partners will be unveiling new hardware and OEMs are now no longer recommending Vista to consumers and are switching their default choice to Windows 7 .
Today is easily the most important day for Microsoft this year ( the operating system 's RTM date of July 22 , 2009 comes in at a close second place ) .
Here 's everything you need to know about what 's happening today .
The editions
Windows 7 comes in six editions , and while this may seem like a lot , do n't worry , you only really have to worry about two : the Home Premium Edition and the Professional Edition .
Home Premium is what you want if you use your computer for personal use and entertainment purposes .
Professional is what you want if you 're in the corporate world — basically anything significant for work .
Both are available at retail and with the purchase of a new PC , and Microsoft will make sure to market both like there 's no tomorrow .
Starter Edition is only available via OEM purchase , and is shipping only on low - end computers .
Home Basic Edition is only available in emerging markets , so chances are you wo n't see it at all .
Ultimate Edition and Enterprise Edition are pretty much one and the same , the main difference being that the former is aimed at computer enthusiasts and the latter is for corporations .
You 'll find Ultimate on sale at retail and on select OEM computers , while you 'll likely only encounter Enterprise if you work for a large company .
Users might also want to know that Windows 7 is available today worldwide in 14 different languages : English , Spanish , Japanese , German , French , Italian , Dutch , Russian , Polish , Brazilian Portuguese , Korean , Simplified Chinese , Traditional Chinese , and Chinese ( Hong Kong ) .
The remaining languages will be available starting October 31 , 2009 .
Get it cheap
Once you 've figured out which edition you want , you have to go out and get it .
You can do so by buying a new PC , hunting around to find the best bang for your buck online , or at your favorite big - box retailer .
Wherever you get it , Windows 7 will be cheaper than Windows Vista .
Upgrade retail prices range from $ 120 ( Home Premium ) to $ 220 ( Ultimate ) while the full retail products range from $ 200 ( Home Premium ) to $ 320 ( Ultimate ) .
Still , we know you want it for less than retail .
The solution , as with previous Windows releases , is buying an OEM version of the OS .
OEM copies of Windows are cheaper , mainly because they 're intended for system builders who install them on new custom PCs .
Preliminary OEM prices were revealed in September 2009 , and they range from $ 110 for a copy of Windows 7 Home Premium to $ 550 for three copies of Windows 7 Ultimate .
We expect that they 'll go lower than that though , so keep your eyes peeled .
Keep in mind that the license for an OEM copy does not allow you to transfer the operating system from one PC to another ( the product key is tied to a single machine ) , it does n't come with any support , and only allows a clean installation .
Microsoft today also launched a US - only promotion from today to January 2 , 2010 for customers who are looking to get a new PC and still be able to upgrade their current machine .
Titled " The Buy a PC , Get a Discounted Upgrade , " it lets customers who buy a new PC with Windows 7 Home Premium , Professional , or Ultimate will be able to purchase a full upgrade copy of Windows 7 Home Premium , Professional , or Ultimate at a discount to upgrade an older machine .
The Windows 7 Family Pack , which allows you to upgrade three PCs to Windows 7 Home Premium , becomes available today , for a limited time .
In July 2009 , Microsoft announced that the Family Pack will cost $ 149.99 in the US and $ 199.99 in Canada , which is a about $ 200 of savings for the three upgrade licenses .
In August 2009 , eight more European countries joined the deal : the UK ( ? 149.99 ) , Ireland ( ? 149.99 ) , Germany ( ? 149.99 ) , France ( ? 149.99 ) , Switzerland ( ? 149.99 ) , Austria ( ? 149.99 ) , the Netherlands ( ? 149.99 ) , and Sweden ( ? 149.99 ) .
Still not cheap enough for you ?
We understand .
Students can get upgrade versions of Windows 7 for $ 30 in the US and ?30 in the UK .
Students in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Korea , and Mexico can participate in this offer today as well ( exact pricing for those countries has yet to be revealed ) .
If none of the above seems appealing enough , what about getting Windows 7 for free ?
Microsoft has already given Windows 7 away to its testers , launch party hosts , Twitter fanatics , Ars readers , and even launch event attendees .
All that happy giving happened before the OS was officially available , but a little birdie told us there are more giveaways to come .
We 'll keep you posted .
Clean install versus upgrade
Before you install Vista 's successor though , check to make sure your machine is Windows 7 compatible .
Earlier this week , Microsoft released two tools for checking compatibility , and both are great for helping you through the migration process .
If you are in the five percent or so of users that Microsoft says actually upgrades their previous Windows installation ( as opposed to buying a new PC with the new OS ) , the traditional received wisdom was to always perform a clean install of any new version of Windows ; if you 're upgrading from XP , that 's the only choice you get anyway .
If you 're upgrading from Vista , however , the upgrade process works surprisingly well , and can be tentatively recommended as an effective — and conveniently non-destructive — way to install the new platform .
Also , before you take the plunge , make sure to back everything up .
Yes , everything — just to be on the safe side ( even if you 're performing an upgrade install ! ) .
If you 've only got a single internal hard drive available , go ahead and partition it and move everything there , but an external hard drive or a few DVDs will also do the trick .
A little history
We 've come a long way since Windows XP :
OS RTM Official launch date Windows 7 July 22 , 2009 October 22 , 2009 Windows Vista November 8 , 2006 January 30 , 2007 Windows XP August 24 , 2001 October 25 , 2001
Windows XP will be eight years old on Sunday ; the majority of the market is still using a very outdated operating system .
Also note that the gap between the RTM and official launch dates is widening : with XP it was two months , with Vista it was a bit more , and with Windows 7 it is three months .
This poses a slight problem for Microsoft : consumers get impatient and the hype starts to die away .
Unlike Vista , and like XP , however , Windows 7 is out in time for the holiday season .
Somehow , we think shoppers will repay Microsoft for this timing .
Keep an eye out for our comprehensive review of Windows 7 in the days ahead .
Ding Junhui defeated world champion John Higgins 10 - 8 to win the UK Championship after a hard - fought final .
The 14th seed from China battled back from 7 - 6 behind to repeat his 2005 success in the same tournament .
It was a cagey affair with neither player taking a two - frame lead until more than six hours had been played .
The turning point came at 7 - 7 when Higgins missed a simple brown on frame ball to allow Ding to edge ahead before pressing on to take the title .
Higgins , the 1998 and 2000 winner , appeared jaded from his epic 9 - 8 semi-final victory over Ronnie O'Sullivan and made a string of uncharacteristic errors .
Ding , 22 , played a cautious match but maintained a consistent level of play and capitalised on the Scot 's mistakes to secure a victory which moved him up to sixth in the world rankings .
" It 's been a crazy week , " he said .
" I can't believe it .
It 's brilliant .
I am concentrating more .
I had some bad shot selections but I was telling myself not to be angry . "
606 : DEBATE
Higgins was left ruing his " awful " mistake on the pivotal brown , but paid tribute to his opponent .
" It was such a tough match , " he said .
" Ding 's safety play was great - I was trying to keep him safe - every time I was putting him in trouble , he was putting me in trouble .
Well done to him . "
As well as the winner 's cheque for £ 100,000 , Ding also takes home his body weight of 69 kg ( 10st 12lb ) in pies after a promotion from tournament sponsor Pukka Pies .
The standard was high in the opening session , with some flawless safety play and five breaks over 60 .
Ding edged ahead 2 - 1 with knocks of 81 and 69 but Higgins won a 57 - minute frame to level at 3 - 3 .
Ding cleared brilliantly to lead again and an 80 from the world champion ensured another tense finish .
Resuming for the evening session at 4 - 4 , Ding took a scrappy opening frame after Higgins fluffed a straight black .
A miscue by Ding on a simple red handed Higgins an opening in the next frame and the Scot responded with a run of 42 , before holding on to level things at 5 - 5 .
Higgins was looking for more UK glory after winning in 1998 and 2000 Ding moved ahead once again with a knock of 50 , but a simple missed red in the next frame opened the door for Higgins , who rattled in a break of 91 to make in 6 - 6 at the mid-session interval .
Higgins continued where he left off and took the lead for the first time in the match at 7 - 6 .
The Scot had the first opening in the 14th frame , only for a missed blue to cost him dearly as Ding put together a 74 break .
The 15th frame was typical of the match , a scrappy affair with neither player willing to take risks and errors aplenty .
Higgins fluked the final red but missed a simple brown on frame ball .
Ding potted the last four balls to move within two frames of the title .
The next was another topsy - turvy affair with Higgins slotting a 49 break before Ding fought back to claim the frame on the pink .
Higgins responded with a superb 115 break but Ding put together a match - winning 75 to clinch his first ranking title since 2006 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Across the pond , debate is raging over a controversial new Christmas card sold by Tesco .
No , it is n’t racist or sexist or homophobic .
But it does discriminate — against redheaded children .
The copy plastered over an image of a carrot - top preschooler reads : “ SANTA loves all kids .
Even GINGER ones . ”
Now , we ’re not denying that the card company intended to be funny .
We just do n’t think they should be making jokes that could actually hurt red - headed little kids .
They already have to grapple with insanely sun-sensitive skin .
So , as a bottle redhead dating a natural redhead ( do n’t worry , our hair is n’t the same shade ; that would be weird ) , we feel the need to defend our people .
To that end , we ’ve compiled a list of our ten favorite gingers .
Who ’s yours ?
Molly Ringwald Along with her Brat Pack pals , Molly Ringwald helped define ’ 80s teen culture .
In movies like Pretty in Pink and The Breakfast Club she was — and remains — a style icon .
Shaun White
We are not usually big on sports .
But for some reason , we find snowboarding fascinating — and White is one of the best in that business .
Of course , it does n’t hurt that he ’s also pretty easy on the eyes .
Angela Chase
So , she ’s actually a TV character and not a real person .
And she ’s not a natural redhead either .
That said , raise your hand if you did n’t want to dye your hair red after watching the pilot episode of My So - Called Life .
Exactly what we thought .
A.C. Newman
We ’ve said it before and we ’ll say it again : New Pornographers frontman ( and talented solo artist ) A.C. ( a.k.a. Carl )
Newman is like a big , strong , redheaded indie - rock lumberjack .
Plus , he writes weirdo love songs ( see “ There Are Maybe Ten or Twelve ” ) that are bound to make a girl weak in the knees .
Woody Allen
We admit it : Allen is certainly not the most attractive redhead of the bunch .
But he ’s undoubtedly one of the best and most important filmmakers of the past half century , and if his anxious sense of humor is n’t sexy , then we do n’t know what is .
Alyson Hannigan
Those of us who are still nursing Buffy the Vampire Slayer addictions ca n’t get enough of Hannigan ’s endearingly nerdy lesbian witch character , Willow .
And yet somehow , over the years , she ’s made the transition from teen geek icon to full - on pretty lady .
Kevin Shields
The My Bloody Valentine mastermind is taking effing forever to finish his band ’s next album .
In fact , it ’s been about two decades .
Still , even if MBV never releases any more new music , Shields produced shoegaze ’s defining document , Loveless — a record whose influence ca n’t be overestimated .
Conan O’Brien O’Brien has always been self - deprecating about his red hair and gigantic head .
But we know more than a few ladies who have fallen hard for his witty , Harvard - educated humor .
Neko Case Okay , you caught us .
We just really love the New Pornographers , and sometime member Neko Case ’s country - tinged solo work is among our favorite late - night listening material .
Back in 2003 , Playboy readers voted her the “ Sexiest Babe in Indie Rock . ”
We tend to agree .
Christina Hendricks
No explanation necessary .
Hendricks is without a doubt the sexiest redhead — and may be the sexiest woman , period — alive .
( Hear that , Lohan ? )
Bonus video : The Catherine Tate Show , “ Ginger ”
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Rep. Ron Paul , who has sought to audit the Federal Reserve for 26 years , has inched ever so much closer to his goal .
A key congressional panel on Thursday approved legislation introduced by the Texas congressman that - for the first time in the central bank 's 95 - year - history -- would require government audits of Federal Reserve monetary policy , as well as how much the central bank has lent and will lend to specific banks .
Fed Chief Ben Bernanke and other key members of the Obama administration , including Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , had vigorously opposed the move .
The measure was approved by the House Financial Services Committee as it considered broad bank regulatory reform legislation , and included a package of other measures weakening the Fed 's power and capping how much it can lend or guarantee .
The committee is now poised to pass the entire bill and has scheduled its final vote on the legislation for December 1 .
Lawmakers also agreed to provisions that would require the Fed to work with other regulators before acting as a lender - of - last - resort .
" If you care about transparency of the Fed , you would allow a look at monetary policy , " Paul said .
" We 're dealing with trillions of dollars that does n't get audited .
There is no reason why the world can't know , eventually , what the Fed is doing . "
Paul 's measure , which was approved by a vote of 43 to 26 , would require the Government Accountability Office to audit the central bank 's interest rate policy , agreements with foreign governments , foreign central banks and the International Monetary Fund .
It also would permit audits of a roughly $ 800 billion Fed mortgage - backed securities purchase program , which could grow to $ 1.25 trillion , Paul said .
The GAO would be instructed to complete a Fed audit within 12 months of passage of the bill .
“ " We 're dealing with trillions of dollars that does n't get audited .
There is no reason whey the world can't know , eventually , what the Fed is doing . " ” — Rep. Ron Paul
Paul 's provision has the bipartisan support of 309 lawmakers in the House .
Lawmakers in the House and Senate are considering a wide variety of provisions to reform bank regulation in the wake of the financial crisis .
Read story about bank reform
The Fed has argued that it would weaken the bank 's independence and hamper its ability to protect the financial system .
The central bank worries that GAO audits of its monetary policy goals would influence how it makes its decisions on interest rates .
Paul 's provision would seek to alleviate concerns that the audits would be politicized by setting a six - month time lag on the publication of previously unreleased audit data about the Fed 's monetary policy decision - making .
No additional scrutiny would be placed on transcripts and minutes of the Federal Open Market Committee meetings .
Paul 's provision was opposed by Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , the committee 's chairman .
He would have preferred that the committee only approve a less intrusive measure introduced by Rep. Melvin Watt , D - N.C. , which was overridden by the Paul amendment .
" If we open all of the discussions and deliberations what we will do is scare off capital because other governments will not deal with our Fed , and ultimately we will increase interest rates and it will be negative for the economy , " said Watt .
The measure also would require financial audit of the central bank 's financial statements and its internal controls to ensure that there are no material misstatements .
It would require the GAO to conduct an audit and release the names of financial institutions that borrow from the Fed 's discount window , with a delay .
The discount window is a government lending facility through which commercial banks and , in response to the crisis , investment banks borrow reserves .
The Fed opposes that provision , in part , because it argues that institutions would be afraid to borrow from the discount window when they need to because they would be stigmatized as troubled firms , and the result would be a more troubled economic situation .
A $ 4 - trillion cap
The Federal Reserve 's lender of last resort authority would be limited to $ 4 trillion , according to a provision approved by the committee .
" It 's good to tell the American people that while the lenders of last resort 's authority is enormous it is limited , " said Rep. Brad Sherman , D - Calif. , the measure 's sponsor .
Lawmakers also approved a Sherman provision that would require that the Fed assures that there is a 99 % likelihood that all funds it lends will be repaid to the central bank .
The agency is required to lend to solvent institutions but does n't provide further details .
Sherman expressed concern that the Fed had been lending funds to institutions he believed were n't fully solvent .
A Frank provision that was approved would prohibit the Fed from deciding to be a lender of last resort on its own .
The central bank would need to gain approval from the council of regulators before it could provide financial assistance to the banking industry .
Though certain neighborhoods , such as Manhattan ’s Lower East Side , have become legendary as incubators for Jewish genius , that appellation has rarely been applied to St. Louis Park , Minn .
BACK HOME : The old Lincoln deli was around when Thomas Friedman , the Coen brothers , and Al Franken were growing up in St. Louis Park , Minn .
But now the prominent progeny of this leafy suburb are receiving some serious attention .
On September 9 , comedian turned politician Al Franken used support from the northern suburb where he grew up to win the Democratic primary for U.S. Senate ( see related article ) .
The previous day , Franken ’s fellow St. Louis Parker , Thomas Friedman , rolled out his new book , “ Hot , Flat , and Crowded : Why We Need a Green Revolution — and How It Can Renew America . ”
That same day , the most famous Jewish brothers to emerge from the town , Oscar winners Ethan and Joel Coen , arrived in the Minnesota suburbs to begin shooting a film about the milieu in which all the men grew up .
In the years after World War II , St. Louis Park became a center of Twin Cities Jewish life , as families arrived from the inner city , drawn by cheap housing and by the lack of restrictions that kept Jews out of other nearby suburbs .
By the time the Coens , Friedman and Franken were growing up , the area was roughly a quarter Jewish and home to many of Minneapolis ’s major Jewish institutions .
“ It was at the time that all the political ferment had reached the Midwest and people were just full of ideas and protests , opinions , speaking their minds , finding ways to be free and anti-establishment , ” recalled Miriam Kagol , a retired teacher who once taught journalism to Friedman at St. Louis Park Senior High School .
“ It was a free and creatively dynamic place . ”
Franken , who was born in New York City , has drawn on his childhood in St. Louis Park in his campaign to emphasize his local roots .
One of his first campaign events , in March 2007 , was held in the gymnasium of St. Louis Park Junior High School , and Franken ’s first television advertisements featured his fourth grade teacher at Cedar Manor Elementary School .
“ It was the Jewish suburb of Minneapolis , ” Franken told the Forward .
Friedman , too , has spoken affectionately about his St. Louis Park roots .
In 2001 , he wrote a heartfelt remembrance in The New York Times of Hattie Steinberg , a journalism teacher at St. Louis Park Senior High School .
The Coen brothers ’ film “ A Serious Man , ” which is expected to open next year , is set in 1967 in a heavily Jewish suburb much like St. Louis Park , and tells the tale of Larry Gopnik , a physics professor whose life is in shambles .
In search of solace , he turns to three of his local rabbis .
This is not the first time the Coens have delved into Jewish territory in their movies : “ The Big Lebowski ” featured Walter Sobchak , a Vietnam veteran , Jewish convert and avid bowler who refused to “ roll on Shabbos . ”
Outwardly , St. Louis Park remains the same enclave of leafy residential streets that the Coens are depicting , with strip malls lining Minnetonka Boulevard .
But the community has changed in significant ways .
Though the town still has a sizable Jewish community , many Jews have dispersed to other parts of the Twin Cities area , and the population that has remained has grown older .
The Coens have been re-creating the setting of their childhood with characteristic obsessiveness .
Employees connected to the film have been in touch with St. Louis Park ’s Jewish Historical Society of the Upper Midwest for more than a year , collecting period photos of teenagers and living rooms .
The casting directors invited hundreds of local Jewish children to an open casting call , from which they drew several of the lead children ’s roles .
Many more locals , including a cantor and a rabbi , have been slotted for extras and minor roles .
“ I think every Jew in our community has some part in this movie , ” said Katherine Tane , executive director of the Jewish Historical Society of the Upper Midwest .
Go Radical and Let This Christmas Change Your Life Permanently
Last week I shared how my wife and I are making Christmas radically different this year .
In case you missed it : we ’re not participating in a consumerist Christmas .
We ’re not buying each other gifts .
( And we ’re not saying that we ’re not buying gifts , then surprising each other .
We are really not buying anything for each other . )
We ’ll either save our money or put it toward charity .
In that post I told you to come back later so I could share what the best gift you could ever give is .
Today ’s the day .
Are n’t you excited to find out what the best gift ever really is ?
A Radically Different Kind of Gift
This gift is n’t something new or something shiny .
It is n’t made of plastic , and it is n’t made of wood .
It ’s a gift you can give hundreds of times over , and the people that receive the gift can re-gift it guilt - free .
This gift does n’t cost anything .
What could be better than a free gift ?
It ’s a gift that will change lives permanently .
So , what ’s the gift ?
Give the Gift of Financial Freedom
Do n’t worry !
This gift has nothing to do with winning the lottery .
The best gift you can give anyone — yourself , your family , your neighbors , your friends — is to get your own personal finances in order .
Okay , so this does n’t sound like it really helps anyone but you .
And most of you have rolled your eyes , started yawning , and are getting ready to click away to another more entertaining article .
Do n’t .
Managing your finances is a critical life skill .
Mismanaging your finances can be devastating .
Is n’t that worth learning more about ?
Why Financial Control is the Best Gift You Can Give
Here ’s how having a handle on your finances is a great gift :
Personal Finance Freedom :
You will be less stressed out .
Money problems invoke a lot of stress and emotions in our lives .
It shows up in our relationships with our spouses , family , friends , and co-workers .
We are distracted at work and we ’re distracted at dinner with our family .
Stress also keeps us up at night — and that lack of sleep leads to poorer health … which leads to more stress .
There ’s no escaping it : the stress of money problems will invade every portion of your life and set up camp until you resolve the issues at hand .
Personal Finance Freedom :
You will be less prone to “ disaster ” .
Everything is a disaster when you ’re broke .
If you have $ 25 in your checking account and the hot water heater dies that is a disaster .
Or if the car you use to commute to work needs repair and you do n’t have the money .
Disaster .
It does n’t have to be this way !
Put a buffer between you and disaster .
Budget to spend less than you earn .
Then you save some of that extra money in an emergency fund .
Two simple steps and you ’ve put significant distance between you and disaster .
Personal Finance Freedom :
You will be less reliant on your friends and family for money or other assistance .
No one wants to ask Mom and Dad for cash .
You hate to be an inconvenience to your roommate by asking for a ride to work for the next week .
( And you are probably asking for this help because you did n’t prepare for a disaster of some sort ! )
Managing your money correctly will put less stress on these relationships because you wo n’t be asking for assistance .
That ’s less awkward silence at Thanksgiving dinner and more time hanging out as friends .
Personal Finance Freedom :
You can focus on the rest of life and excel at that .
Putting your finances on the right path — consistent savings , automatic payments , etc. — will let you focus on other things in life .
It ’s simple .
We all have 24 hours in every day .
Additional hours are not available to be added to your clock .
( Trust me , I keep asking for more and the clock people never call me back . )
Time is finite , but the things on your mental plate seem infinite .
One of the things on your plate is money .
Managing that one task better can completely remove it from your daily task list .
You will grow to the point of only needing to check your finances once per week , then once every two weeks , then once per month .
Imagine what you could do with all of that extra time …
Personal Finance Freedom :
You can follow your passions .
A classic question : would you work at your current job if you did n’t have to pay bills ?
It may sting a little bit , but if we are honest with ourselves I believe many of us would admit we hate our jobs .
We would take a different career path if only our finances were taken care of and under control .
That ’s huge !
Does any of these sound like you ?
You ’re an artist trapped in the working career of an accountant .
You ’re an entrepreneur that ca n’t afford to take the risk of failing .
You ’re a parent that ca n’t afford to stay at home .
Powerful stuff .
You ’re not alone — I ’m in the mix , too .
I ’m a blogger that ca n’t afford to blog full - time .
How to Radically Change Your Financial Life
Some of you are thinking this is too good to be true .
That life will always be like this .
That you will always be burdened with debt and never able to get ahead .
This is sadly true for some of you .
You wo n’t take the few simple steps to get across the chasm .
You wo n’t look for the rope bridge leading to the other side .
You will willingly be stuck , permanently .
If you do what you ’ve always done , you ’ll get what you ’ve always gotten .
— Anthony Robbins
I ’m going to let that quote sink in for a good bit .
I ’ll be back later this week to show you how to radically change your financial life for the better .
In the meantime , share your thoughts on this article in a comment below .
( Learn how to subscribe to my blog — it ’s free — so you wo n’t have to remember to come back .
My articles will come to you ! )
Update at bottom : Only 100 Al Qaeda fighters remain in Afghanistan , while number of private Pentagon contractors tops 104,000
In an address to the nation on Tuesday , President Obama declared , “ As commander in chief , I have determined that it is in our vital national interests to send an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan .
…
After 18 months , our troops will begin to come home . ”
For Congressman Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) , however , if the ultimate goal is to get out of Afghanistan , then the sooner the better .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Why are we still in Afghanistan ? ” Kucinich asked on the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday morning .
“ Al - Qaeda has been routed .
Our occupation fuels a Taliban insurgency .
The more troops we send , the more resistance we meet . ”
“ The people of Afghanistan do n’t want to be saved by us , ” Kucinich continued .
“ They want to be saved from us .
Our presence and our Predator drones kill countless innocents , creating more US enemies and destabilizing Pakistan . ”
Kucinich has been expressing opposition to a “ surge ” in Afghanistan since last spring , regularly insisting that at a time of economic crisis the money being spent on war would be better applied to basic needs back home .
When General Stanley McChrystal asked in September for more troops , Kucinich issued a statement saying , “ If the Obama administration is determined to ‘ win the war ’ in Afghanistan , then we should be prepared for another Vietnam .
An unending military commitment is unacceptable to the American people and it should be unacceptable to Congress .
If the Obama administration refuses to bring this war to an end , then Congress should use the power of the purse , granted by the Constitution , to end the war and bring our troops home . ”
“ We ’ve played all sides in Afghanistan and all sides want us out , ” Kucinich concluded on Wednesday .
“ They do n’t want our presence , our control , our troops , our drones , our way of life .
We ’re fighting the wrong war , in the wrong place at the wrong time .
What part of “ get out ” do we not understand ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
UPDATE : $ 300 MILLION FOR EVERY AL QAEDA MEMBER IN AFGHANISTAN
President Barack Obama made the decision to send some 30,000 additional troops to Afghanistan despite being informed that the country is now host to only 100 Al Qaeda fighters , ABC News reports .
A senior U.S. intelligence official told ABCNews.com the approximate estimate of 100 al Qaeda members left in Afghanistan reflects the conclusion of American intelligence agencies and the Defense Department .
The relatively small number was part of the intelligence passed on to the White House as President Obama conducted his deliberations .
ADVERTISEMENT
ABC News estimates that , with the surge included , there will be a ratio of 1,000 US troops for every Al Qaeda member in the country .
The cost of the war will work out to $ 300 million for every Al Qaeda fighter .
And Justin Elliott at TalkingPointsMemo reported Wednesday that the US now has more than 104,000 defense contractors in the country , which exceeds the number of regular troops on the ground , which will be 98,000 after the surge is completed .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from C - SPAN , broadcast Dec. 2 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Approaching peak oil
Posted
As oil approaches its maximum rate of production globally , Western Australians are considering ways to prepare for the inevitable rise in prices .
Source : 7.30 WA | Duration : 5 min 35sec
Topics : oil - and - gas , wa
They were brave fighting words which rang out last month from the National Press Club in Washington .
The occasion was presented as " a strong public appeal in defence of life , of marriage , of religious freedom and objection of conscience " from " top - level representatives " of US Catholics , Orthodox , Anglicans and Evangelicals .
" We will not be intimidated into silence or acquiescence or the violation of our consciences by any power on earth , be it cultural or political , regardless of the consequences to ourselves " , the top - level representatives proclaimed in the manner of Christians valiantly facing the lions in the Colosseum .
They added , in the words of Christ , " We will fully and ungrudgingly render to Caesar what is Caesar's .
But under no circumstances will we render to Caesar what is God's . "
Powerful stuff indeed .
It came at the end of a 4700 - word document called the Manhattan Declaration .
( Some have hailed it as capable of shaking the US , others have pointed out that its title brings back distant memories of the Manhattan Project for building the atom bomb . )
Behind the hyperbole of signatories – ecclesiastical dignitaries , including a couple of cardinals , a string of archbishops , an archpriest and a number of political operators such as George Weigel , a well - known conservative and Charles Colson , a former assistant to President Nixon and founder of the Chuck Colson Centre for Christian Worldview of Lansdowne , Virgina – is nothing more than the latest skirmish in the US battle over abortion .
The group behind the declaration were celebrating their victory in the US legislature in ensuring freedom of conscience for US doctors and a ban on the US funds going on scheme which could aid abortion .
The two points were part of the price the churchmen were exacting for allowing forward a rudimentary health service for the millions of poor people in the US such as that country should have had decades ago .
No one who surveys the statistics of abortion in the US and the wider world can in conscience express anything but horror at the increasing casualness with which this action is being performed .
But must one not be equally horrified by the fact that the signatories chose to make no reference to the evident evil committed by the US government and its allies in their illegal invasion of Iraq ?
Chastened western troops are limping out of Iraq , leaving behind more than a million children , women and men lying dead in the ruins of a Mesopotamia which saw the birth of the planet 's earliest cultures .
Their comrades - in - arms in Afghanistan will be following them before long .
Many of them leave burdened with the guilt of the numberless atrocities they and their fellow - soldiers committed from Fallujah to Abu Ghraib and Basra during the days of " shock and awe " that their commanders decreed .
They return to countries whose governments to this day refuse to cut out the canker of torture , imprisonment without trial and illegal kidnapping which they claim they need to employ in what they have unblushingly described as their " war on terror " in defence of " western values " .
Tell me , Your Eminences , why did you achieve nothing effective in " defence of life " during the illegal invasion of Iraq and its attendant massacres ?
Why , Mr Colson , did you do nothing " in defence of marriage ... and freedom of conscience " when Iraqis were being deprived – temporarily or for ever – of their spouses and children of their parents at the hands of the torturers of Abu Ghraib ?
But let 's not get things out of proportion about the state of religion in the western hemisphere .
As the 20th anniversary of the butchering of the six Jesuits , their housekeeper and her daughter in the Central American University of San Salvador by US - trained troops of the Atlacatl Battalion was being commemorated last month the new Salvadorean government , headed by Mauricio Funes , a former guerrilla , announced it was awarding medals posthumously to victims .
Funes declared he was lifting " the dusty carpet of hypocrisy " which covered the crime .
Thus it is strange that no one in the Salvadorean or US army has yet been punished for the many assassinations they had a hand in .
Why did the signatories of the declaration not stop their country taking part in years of bloody horror in Central America , perpetrated for the most part by military dictatorships armed with western weapons ?
Was it because the sort of people , disingenuously posing at the launch of the Manhattan Declaration as Christians in the Colosseum , were in fact the keepers of the lions ?
Outside a Joan Baez concert a couple nights ago in Idaho Falls , four Vietnam veterans protested the show with signs reading : “ JOAN BAEZ – SOLDIERS DON’T KILL BABIES , LIBERALS DO ” and “ JOAN BAEZ GAVE COMFORT & AID TO OUR ENEMY IN VIETNAM & ENCOURAGED THEM TO KILL AMERICANS ! ”
Rather than ignore the protest , which would have been the easiest thing to do , or get into a nasty argument with the men about their signs , Baez choose to engage them in an exemplary nonviolent fashion .
According to Daily Kos :
Joan was informed that the men were protesting her concert about an hour before it was due to begin and she immediately walked out onto the street to talk to them .
When she approached , one of the first things they said was “ We appreciate the work you did on civil rights and women ’s rights . ”
They wanted to make that point clear .
She listened closely as they discussed their views .
Primarily , they wanted to express the way they felt betrayed by anti-war protesters when they returned from combat .
Joan assured them that she stood by them then and now .
They had mixed reactions as she explained her actual positions and her support for all veterans , across the board .
The protesters at first were hardened in their position , and it sounds like at different points the conversations did get quite tense .
However , Baez ’s calm , nonviolent approach to the conflict had an effect :
… Joan ’s continuing acceptance of their stories and her willingness to hear them out began to melt their anger .
In a twist that seems hard to fathom , they then asked her to SIGN THEIR POSTERS !
She replied that she would sign the back but not the front of “ those horrible things . ”
Incredibly , the man with the baby - killing sign replied that he would take her name off the poster if she would sign it .
She did end up signing them , and also getting copies of her book for each of them , and offering tickets to the show , which they did not accept .
She signed the back of the poster about her encouraging the killing of American soldiers – “ All the very best to you , Joan Baez . ” [… ]
During the concert afterwards Joan dedicated a song to the protesters and said “ You know , they just wanted to be heard .
Everyone wants to be heard .
I feel like I made four new friends tonight . ”
While I do n’t know anywhere near as much about Baez as I would like , she seems to really embody nonviolence and understand what it ’s all about .
Her approach to this potentially ugly situation is something that we should all take note of , especially as the right wing steps up its protest against health care reform and government action on climate change .
It can be extremely difficult and wo n’t always work , but love , respect and a sincere openness to engage the opponent in conversation is the only way we will ever be able to win over those we disagree with .
To read a wonderful and humorous story that Baez wrote about nonviolence , click here .
Philip Ling and Allison Cross
Canwest News Service
December 26 , 2009
[ efoods ] Vancouver International Airport is reporting delays to United - States - bound flights of 15 to 30 minutes as a result of the enhanced security measures imposed following the attempted terrorist attack on a plane landing in Detroit Christmas Day .
U.S. - bound passengers are being limited to only one carry on baggage item and in addition to regular security screening can expect a physical pat down as well as a hand check of their personal luggage when they get to their gates .
“ Our biggest challenge is letting people know of the one carry - on item restriction , ” Rebecca Catley , director of communications at Vancouver International Airport said in an interview .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A former commander in the Tennessee State Guard has lost an appeal to overturn his conviction for trying to provide his soldiers with homemade machine guns for possible use in defending the state .
On Wednesday , a federal appeals court in Cincinnati threw the case out of court .
“ Whatever the individual right to keep and bear arms might entail , it does not authorize an unlicensed individual to possess unregistered machine guns for personal use , ” said the three - judge panel of the Sixth US Circuit Court of Appeals .
Richard Hamblen was arrested in 2004 by federal firearms agents and charged with possession of nine unregistered machine guns .
Second Amendment argued
At trial and in his appeal , Mr. Hamblen argued that he and his soldiers had a Second Amendment right as members of the state militia to possess military - grade weapons .
He said Tennessee ’s state guard arsenal included only 21 M - 16 rifles for 3,500 volunteer soldiers .
Concerned that his unit , the 201st Military Police Battalion , might get called into active duty , Hamblen obtained gun conversion kits to make semi-automatic rifles into fully automatic rifles .
At least one machine gun was used in a training exercise .
Confronted by federal agents , Hamblen told the truth .
He showed the unregistered machine guns to the authorities and informed them that he was merely exercising his Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms .
“ I was n’t really consciously setting out to challenge the law and authority , but I figured I ’d be on good constitutional footing , ” he said in an interview .
“ It seemed like a good idea at the time – would I do it again ?
No . ”
Hamblen , who runs a mirror and glass business in Memphis , was convicted and served 13 months in prison .
He says he ’s spent roughly $ 50,000 on legal fees .
Hamblen had asked the Sixth Circuit judges to endorse his view that all gun control laws are unconstitutional .
“ If a person can afford to buy it , they can have it , ” he says .
Supreme Court has said gun rights may be limited
It is a position that runs counter to the majority view in the US Supreme Court ’s 2008 gun rights ruling in District of Columbia v. Heller .
In that case , the court struck down a ban on handguns in Washington , D.C. , and declared that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to keep and bear arms .
But the high court went on to suggest that individual gun rights are not unlimited and could be subject to reasonable regulations .
Both the Eighth Circuit in St. Louis and the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco have held that individuals do not enjoy a Second Amendment right to possess unregistered machine guns .
Hamblen is not impressed by these rulings .
“ If the founders had intended for there to be reasonable restrictions on the Second Amendment they would have put that in the language [ of the amendment ] , ” he said .
“ They were certainly capable of writing ‘ unreasonable ’ into the Fourth Amendment when it talks about unreasonable searches and seizures . ”
Hamblen says he ’s not surprised that he lost at the appeals court .
But he says he is surprised that he ’s received no help from gun-rights advocates .
“ They are treating me like I ’m a skunk at the picnic , ” he said .
As for his case , he plans to fight on .
He says his lawyer is preparing a final appeal , a petition to the US Supreme Court .
“ Why stop now ?
I ’ve already done the hard part .
I ’ve already done my time , ” Hamblen says .
“ All they can do is say no . ”
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
A tipster alerted us to the yuck - factor of one of the holiday - themed Gap ads featuring little girls dancing , and we agree with her : there 's definitely something very Sparkle Motion / Little Miss Sunshine about it , especially at the :08 mark .
Advertisement
Talk To The Moose - Gap 2009 Holiday Commercial [ YouTube ]
DUBLIN DIOCESAN REPORT:LISTENING
TO Taoiseach Brian Cowen in the Dáil on Tuesday as he delivered his semper fidelis ( always faithful ) defence of the Vatican and the papal nunciature to Ireland over their lack of co-operation with the Dublin diocesan commission , was to be reminded of other days and another taoiseach , writes PATSY McGARRYReligious Affairs Correspondent
In April 1951 , during debate on the ill - fated Mother and Child Scheme , opposed by the Catholic bishops led by Archbishop John Charles McQuaid , then taoiseach John A Costello felt impelled to announce , “ I am an Irishman second : I am a Catholic first and I accept without qualification in all respects the teaching of the hierarchy and the church to which I belong . ”
He told the Dáil : “ I , as a Catholic , obey my church authorities and will continue to do so . ”
It is hardly unfair to suggest that in his doughty defence of the Vatican ’s non-co-operation with a commission of this State , set up by a Government of which he was a member , our current Taoiseach has discovered he too is “ an Irishman second ” .
You might say the same of his dismissal of requests for him to call for the resignation of bishops currently in office and named in the Dublin report , as a matter for the church not the State .
Is it not truly remarkable that a Taoiseach of this State can be so sanguine about an institution whose officer class oversaw the mass cover - up of rape and abuse of children in this State ?
And all this in the face of findings that this same institution , willy nilly , moved child rapists and child abusers hither and thither , without regard to the children they had or would destroy , as it protected itself .
To be specific , the report concluded that “ the welfare of children , which should have been the first priority , was not even a factor to be considered in the early stages ” .
It continued that instead their focus “ was on the avoidance of scandal and the preservation of the good name , status and assets of the institution and of what the institution regarded as its most important members – the priests . ”
Instead of criticising the bishops , the Taoiseach pointed the finger at the commission in the Dáil last Tuesday .
It was not “ unreasonable to assume the Holy See was open to responding to a further approach through diplomatic channels ” from the commission , he said .
Similarly where the papal nuncio was concerned .
He said “ neither is it unreasonable to assume that when the papal nuncio received correspondence from the commission , in February 2007 and earlier this year , both the present and previous papal nuncios believed the matter was more properly addressed by the diplomatic note ” .
The Irish Times has learned that contacting the Vatican ’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( CDF ) in September 2006 the commission understood it was communicating with a church not a State .
Similarly , in communicating with the papal nunciature in Dublin , it felt it was addressing the papal legate ( pope ’s spiritual representative ) rather than the Vatican ’s diplomatic representative .
As explained in its report , the commission felt constrained in communicating with the Vatican or papal nunciature to Ireland through diplomatic channels because of its own status as independent of this State .
As its remit involved investigating how State agencies dealt with allegations of clerical child abuse , it felt constrained from using State diplomatic channels in dealing with Rome .
It is also believed the commission was not consulted in preparation of the Taoiseach ’s written reply on the matter which he read to the Dáil on Tuesday .
It is understood that though the commission wrote to the CDF in September 2006 , it was March 2007 before the CDF responded to the Department of Foreign Affairs through the Irish Embassy to the Holy See , explaining its protocol difficulties .
The papal nunciature in Dublin ignored all correspondence from the commission , in February 2007 and early 2009 .
The commission was interested in the Vatican ’s 1922 Crimen Solicitationis document , updated in 1962 , which addressed clerical child abuse , and in its letter of May 2001 to all Catholic bishops worldwide .
Sent by then CDF prefect Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger ( now Pope Benedict XVI ) Sacramentorum Sanctitatis Tutela requested that all allegations of child sex abuse which had reached the threshold of “ a semblance of truth ” should be referred to the CDF in Rome .
The purpose of the letter , which was accompanied by separate correspondence also in Latin asking that it be kept secret , was to ensure a uniform response to the abuse issue , it was explained .
According to the Dublin report the current chancellor of the Dublin archdiocese Mgr John Dolan told the commission that this 2001 CDF policy was later modified as “ Rome was unable to deal with the vast number of referrals ” .
A discussion in the comments ( archive ) section of a post about blackmail brings up an issue about which many libertarians are confused .
This concerns the idea of " harm . "
Libertarians often condemn " harming " others , and this is fine so far as it goes , if it is kept in mind that " harm " here is loosely meant as a synonym for aggression .
But " harm " is really a broader category .
Libertarianism says that only aggression may be countered with force , that aggression is the only way to violate rights so that a forceful response is justified .
Other rightful behavior , even if it is immoral or " bad , " is rightful so long as it is not aggression .
( See my What Libertarianism Is , esp. notes 9 - 11 and accompanying text . )
" Committing harm " can also be rightful .
Think of harm as a broader category that includes both harm - by - aggression , and other types of harm .
This latter category is not an empty set .
There are all sorts of ways you can " harm " someone that do not violate their rights .
Competing with someone and " taking " his business , " stealing " his girl , beating him in a race -- all may be viewed as harming him .
But it 's permissible to do this as it does not invade the physical integrity of his property -- it does not commit aggression .
It does not violate his rights .
As can be seen in the blackmail debate above , by resorting to sloppy , fuzzy terms like " harm " all sorts of non-aggressive actions could be prohibited ( such as blackmail , defamation , etc. ) .
It thus leads to advocacy of unlibertarian laws .
One criticism , for exampe , that I had of Patrick Burke 's otherwise insightful and interesting book No Harm : Ethical Principles for a Free Market ( 1994 ) was that he assumes causing harm can violate rights ( see my book review in Reason Papers , in particular the section " Harm versus Aggression " at p. 138 ) .
Indeed , Burke 's focus on harm leads him to view blackmail , defamation , and challenging someone to a duel as rights violations , since they " harm " someone .
Likewise , J.C. Lester 's Escape from Leviathan : Liberty , Welfare and Anarchy Reconciled ( 2000 ) is problematic in focusing on actions that " impose costs " on others ( see David Gordon and Roberta Modugno's review ) .
Predictably , the use of a this fuzzy idea of " imposition of costs " , as opposed to the libertarian notion of aggression , leads Lester to error as well -- e.g. , he supports intellectual property rights , even though he's an anarchist ( he says , p. 96 , that the lack of patent and copyright " will limit the incentive to produce memes " - - groan ) .
So : libertarians should be careful in their concepts and terminology .
Libertarianism upholds the right to be free from aggression - - not harm .
A similar consideration has led me to stop using the term " coercion " as a synonym for aggression ; see my post The Problem with " Coercion " .
And we should also be careful in the use of metaphors -- see Objectivist Law Prof Mossoff on Copyright ; or , the Misuse of Labor , Value , and Creation Metaphors and Thoughts on Intellectual Property , Scarcity , Labor - ownership , Metaphors , and Lockean Homesteading .
Historical sea level CHANGES
Last few hundred years Changes in local sea level estimated from sediment cores collected in salt marshes reveal an increase in the rate of sea level rise in the western and eastern Atlantic Ocean during the 19th century and early 20th century , consistent with the few long tide - gauge records from Europe and North America .
The figure below shows data from Vidarholmi , Iceland ( data from Roland Gehrels , Gehrels et al. , 2006 ) and Connecticut , USA ( data from Dr Jeff Donnelly , WHOI Coastal System Group , Donnelly et al. , 2004 ) .
The few very long tide gauge records all show an increase in the rate of sea level rise from the 18th century .
One of the oldest tide gauge benchmarks in the world is at Port Arthur in south - east Tasmania .
When combined with historical tide gauge data ( found in the London and Australian archives ) and recent sea level observations , it shows that relative sea level has risen by 13.5 cm from 1841 to 2000 .
We have used a combination of historical tide - gauge data and satellite - altimeter data to estimate global averaged sea level change from 1880 to 2014 .
During this period , global - averaged sea level rose about 23 cm , with an average rate of rise of about 1.6 mm / yr over the 20th Century .
The sea level record indicates a statistically significant increase in the rate of rise from 1880 to 2014 .
Global Mean Sea Level ( GMSL ) - 1880 to the end of 2014
The data for the blue line reconstruction are here : ( get the data )
The data for the red line updated altimetry record are here : ( get the data )
Most of us know that Opera has been at the forefront of Browser innovation for the longest time , yet remains at the bottom of pile when it comes to desktop browser market share .
Its a sad story and even the best of us have a hard time figuring out why this is so .
But this doesnt stop Opera from making major innovations and changes with each new release .
With Opera 10.5 Alpha ( Evenes ) , released today , comes a brand new JavaScript Engine ( Carakan ) written from scratch , and some major UI changes .
You can read more about the UI changes from Opera Blog , we will focus on the new JavaScript Engine performance .
Before this release Opera had one of the slowest JavaScript engine , after IE8 , by a wide margin .
Compare to the last release the JavaScript performance improvements done in this release is quite stunning .
Webkit ( used by Safari and Chrome ) has been , for the longest time , de facto JavaScript engine in terms of performance but the latest Opera Alpha JS even beats the webkit nightly builds .
But so does the Chrome dev builds .
A lot of users might not know this ; even though Chrome uses webkit as their rendering engine they have done a lot of JS performance of their own , which is why Chrome outperforms webkit nightly in the latest builds ( read more here and here ) .
Lets look at the current standing in JS performance according to SunSpider JavaScript Benchmark :
Note :
Your mileage may vary depending on the OS and hardware you are using .
The above benchmark was done on Windows 7 64bit .
Edit : .
Fixed
TUSCALOOSA -- Javier Arenas ' play as a defensive back has become a ticket into the NFL , never mind the fact his special teams career will go down as one of the best in college football history .
Looking back , it 's odd to think that it almost did n't happen .
The summer before his sophomore season at Alabama , Arenas was " going through a tough time , " teammates said .
The cornerback , in fact , had already started informing them that his football career was finished .
And it would have been if it were n't for incoming Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban .
" I was just at a point in my life where I did n't know if I wanted to play anymore , " Arenas said .
" I talked to Coach Saban for a great deal of time .
He helped me realize .
He told me I was making a huge mistake , which at the time I did n't think I was making . "
Nearly three seasons later , Arenas has become one of the cornerstone players in the Crimson Tide 's return to prominence while taking aim at some impressive personal accomplishments .
Arenas heads into Saturday's 6 p.m. game at Mississippi State needing 172 yards to break the all - time NCAA record for career punt return yardage held by Wes Welker of Texas Tech .
He is also 106 yards shy of a 60 - year SEC mark set by Vanderbilt 's Lee Nalley from 1947 - 49 .
With five games remaining -- counting the SEC title game and a bowl -- Arenas is within reach of both marks , considering he has averaged 38.8 yards in 41 games during which he has had at least one punt return .
Arenas said he does n't think about the records during games , but concedes that it would mean a lot to reach it before the end of his senior season .
" But if I do n't , " Arenas said , " I still think I 've done pretty good with it , so I 'll be satisfied . "
If there has been a recent Crimson Tide player with something to prove , it is Arenas .
A prep standout in Tampa , Arenas originally committed to Florida Atlantic .
His scholarship offer list was pretty slim when former UA special teams coach Dave Ungerer lobbied to add Arenas as a return man , convincing defensive coaches he could also contribute as an undersized cornerback .
" I was recruited by smaller schools -- Florida Atlantic , Florida International -- and I felt like I was an exceptional player , " Arenas said last year .
" Teams slipped on me , and they were going to pay if I went to those , so to speak , smaller schools . "
Now listed as 5 - foot - 9 , 195 pounds , Arenas still lacks the size that scouts tend to covet .
But it 's safe to say he has achieved his goal of being known as a cornerback as much as a feared return specialist .
One of 12 semifinalists for this year 's Thorpe Award ( which goes to the nation 's top defensive back ) , Arenas is the reigning SEC defensive player of the week and currently ranks second in the league with 10.5 tackles for a loss .
" He 's one of those guys that comes to work every day , works hard and competes , " Crimson Tide defensive coordinator Kirby Smart said of Arenas before this season .
" It bothers him if they complete a 5 - yard out and I think that 's what makes him who he is .
He 's motivated through fear of failure and through competitive nature . "
Perhaps most impressive is that Arenas has played the past two games with a painful rib injury that kept him out of last month 's South Carolina game .
In two games since then , Arenas has totaled 20 tackles , including a game - high 13 against Tennessee .
After that game , Saban said Arenas had a " record number of production points " for his time at Alabama .
" You just ca n't respect guys like him any more , " Saban said .
" He has made improvement because it 's important to him .
He always works on his technique and he is very conscientious about it and he plays lots of roles for us . "
And it is Arenas ' defensive performance that is his ticket to the NFL , according to Saban , who first measured pro interest in Arenas after last season .
Astronaut Mike Foreman waves at the camera during the Atlantis mission last month to the International Space Station .
Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she was personally skeptical of manned space missions and warned that NASA 's future funding could depend on whether it was likely to create jobs .
Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she was personally skeptical of manned space missions and warned that NASA 's future funding could depend on whether it was likely to create jobs .
Pelosi vowed " harsh scrutiny " of all spending requests and said she would be asking " what is the mission ?
How will the money effectively be spent , in what period of time , to create jobs , compared to what ? "
" I , myself , if you are asking me personally , I have not been a big fan of manned expeditions to outer space , in terms of safety and cost .
But people could make the case ; technology is always changing , " she told reporters .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Constellation program aims to send astronauts back to the moon by 2020 , and then perhaps to Mars and other destinations in the solar system .
Asked whether she had misgivings about a moon mission , Pelosi replied " the moon would be fine " and said she was " not against the Mars exploration " but added she was skeptical about a manned trip to the red planet .
" There is a debate in the scientific community about the investment that it takes to have those flights be manned -- and I guess we say ' personned ' now -- but manned and what the safety of it is , " said Pelosi .
Her comments came after US President Barack Obama met with NASA chief Charles Bolden behind closed doors at the White House , reportedly to discuss the space agency 's future funding -- which the US Congress controls .
" Everything is in competition for the dollar , and a judgment will be made as to what it does in terms of job creation , because this is what we are doing now , " said Pelosi .
The speaker paid tribute to the US moon landing , saying it was " like magic " and underlining " our economy benefited enormously . "
" But , again , we have to see dollars well spent creating jobs , accomplishing the mission , " said Pelosi .
Explore further China plans manned moon mission by 2017
( c ) 2009 AFP
's 2 million - unit success was aided by " doing less , " says Rocksteady 's Sefton Hill -- ensuring a higher quality for fewer elements .
There are " too many games out there that deliver lots of average content , " Hill tells us in an in - depth new feature interview on the critically acclaimed superhero title , and rather than risk that , he explains how the team was able to ensure a focused feature set that felt well - polished .
Hill explained why the UK - based independent developer chose not to have driving or flying sections in the game : " Some of the things that we really wanted to achieve were for Batman himself , so we did n't want to overstretch with a driving section with its own mechanic and requirements , and take that development time away from the things that were important for Batman himself .
" Prioritizing features the team felt really mattered was what drove that decision , Hill adds .
" We had a lot of discussions about it , but at the end of the day , anything that is going to compromise the quality of what we were doing was something that we would n't take on if it was going to compromise the quality of the other components .
"
" We wanted to make sure that what we deliver and what you play is of the highest possible quality .
" Critics receivedquite favorably , and audiences have found the game feels relatively focused compared to many others .
" When it comes to features , they 're always a very quantifiable thing , " Hill explains .
" It 's very easy to sit there and go , ' Where are all these features ? '
Quality can be a little bit harder to quantify , especially at the start of the project when you 're talking about , ' How big is it going to be ?
'" He adds : " I think it 's easier to say , ' All these features are going to make it great , ' rather than , ' We 're going to have less features , but those features are going to be really good . '
It 's harder to convince someone that that 's going to be the case .
" But Hill says aiming for too many elements is an understandable trap : " It 's natural to equate features with quality , because that 's all you 've got to go on at the beginning of the project .
I think what you need is confidence , and it can be hard .
It 's harder for publishers to give developers that confidence when you 're in a catch - 22 situation . "
" You do n't want to overstretch .
You want to do less , but do amazingly well , rather than do more and have a load of average stuff at the end of the day .
There are too many games out there that deliver lots of average content .
"
You can now read the full Gamasutra interview with Rocksteady 's Hill , discussing how his studio was able to successfully bring a dark , forboding Batman to video games , as well as the game 's marketing , working with Unreal Engine 3 , and influences that includeand
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Stunning footage has been captured of three cheetahs cooperating to hunt and bring down an adult ostrich .
The high - definition ( HD ) film of the hunt was recorded by a BBC crew for the natural history series Life .
The behaviour could be unique among cheetahs , which are usually too slight to bring down such a formidable foe .
However , the three cheetahs , thought to be a band of brothers , have learnt how to routinely hunt this largest of birds .
Life producer Mr Adam Chapman describes how the film crew captured the cheetahs behaving in such a striking behaviour on camera .
An ostrich is big enough and strong enough to actually run with the cheetah on its back
BBC producer Adam Chapman
" It 's in a place called the Lewa Wildlife Conservancy in Kenya .
The main bit of Lewa is about 60 square miles , it 's huge .
Basically the wildlife comes and goes off it . "
Ten years ago , three male cheetahs ( Acinonyx jubatus ) arrived in the area , which they soon made their territory .
Male cheetahs often form collations to defend a good hunting area and gain better access to females .
But while cheetahs are incredibly fast , they are so slight that even coalitions usually only attempt to hunt animals that a single male can bring down .
Male cheetahs will often team up when hunting However , these three brothers have learnt to hunt cooperatively , Mr Chapman explains .
" They are amazing on what they will take on , " he says .
While researching and filming for Life , Chapman and his colleagues saw the cheetahs hunting the calves of common eland , one of the largest antelope in Africa .
" If they got really lucky they 'd succeed , and if they got unlucky they 'd get beaten up by the adult eland or chased off . "
The team also saw the cats hunting injured oryx , which sport long sharp horns over 1 m long .
" One of them was quite lucky not get skewered in the process .
The cheetah are pretty cock sure .
They chance their arm .
And that 's probably how they came to start taking ostriches routinely .
By one of them giving it a go . "
The epic ostrich hunt was filmed in high - definition ( HD ) by BBC wildlife cameraman and presenter Simon King , who captured the event early one evening , after tracking the cheetahs for most of the day .
In the film , the three cheetahs can be seen stalking a male ostrich and giving chase , before breaking off midway to hunt an unsuspecting female ostrich instead .
One male cheetah jumps on the female ostrich 's back , before the two other brothers join in to wrestle the huge bird to the ground .
Listen to a cheetah growl at BBC Wildlife Finder " An ostrich is big enough and strong enough to actually run with the cheetah on its back , " says Mr Chapman .
" These three are hunting prey that it really takes their combined effort to pull down . "
" There are a lot of cheetah in Africa , but however long I 've been interested in these things , I 've never heard of it before and I 've certainly never seen it . "
" What is special about it is they do it routinely , and they do it together . "
The film crew say there is anecdotal evidence that the cheetahs may hunt in phase with the full moon , as it offers the best light at night .
The behaviour of the three cheetahs is so unique that it will likely die out with this particular band of brothers .
" When one of them pegs it and they are forced to stop doing it , that 's it .
There wo n't be another generation of Lewa cheetah hunting ostriches , " says Mr Chapman .
The BBC series Life is broadcast at 2100BST on BBC One each week from Monday 12th October .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pandemic Studios - the developers behind Star Wars : Battlefront and Mercenaries - will today be closed down by owners Electronic Arts , according to several sources close to the situation .
Advertisement
It 's not the first time we 've heard this - far from it - but we had previously been unaware of the timing of the move .
Advertisement
Though still unconfirmed , according to our sources almost all of the studio's staff ( around 200 people ) in Los Angeles are to be laid off today , with those few remaining to be incorporated into other Electronic Arts development teams .
The move is expected to be announced to Pandemic staff at 11 a.m. PT .
Pandemic were first formed in 1998 , and for a while there , seemed to be on the verge of becoming one of the world 's premier development houses .
Following on from the success of Full Spectrum Warrior , Mercenaries and Star Wars : Battlefront , they were purchased in 2007 by Electronic Arts , where things should have been on the up and up .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Instead , the company released a succession of lacklustre sequels , and took a body - blow when Pandemic 's Australian experiment failed following the cancellation of the costly - and doomed - Dark Knight game , which resulted in the closure of Pandemic 's Brisbane studio .
Advertisement
It 's believed Pandemic 's remaining IP ( including The Saboteur ) will be passed onto EA 's Montreal studio ( Army of Two ) .
Remember , as of yet , this is all unconfirmed ; we 'd expect an official announcement on the closure later today .
We 've contacted Electronic Arts for an official statement and will update this post when and if they respond .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
“ The theologian may indulge the pleasing task of describing Religion as she descended from Heaven , arrayed in her native purity .
A more melancholy duty is imposed on the historian .
He must discover the inevitable mixture of error and corruption which she contracted in a long residence upon Earth , among a weak and degenerate race of beings . ”
— Edward Gibbon , Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire
In the late 18th century , Edward Gibbon fretted about getting into trouble for his blunt take on the early Christians .
Short summary : their intolerance and stupidity unwittingly helped bring down Rome .
In the above - quoted passage of his Decline and Fall , Gibbon tried to prepare the gentle reader for his coming exposé of early - church idiocy .
Like the great institutions of European Christianity , modern science has amassed tremendous power–and not always lived up to its founding creeds .
Science needs a Gibbon–someone who appreciates its intellectual grandeur and potential , but who also can train a cold eye on the “ inevitable mixture of error and corruption ” that has accompanied its tenure since the Enlightenment .
That Gibbon is not Michael Specter , a New Yorker staff writer and author of the new book Denialism : How Irrational Thinking Hinders Scientific Progress , Harms the Planet , and Threatens Our Lives .
His book purports to defend science from its philistine critics–people who , in Specter ’s view , reflexively deny the validity of the scientific process .
In his intro , Specter sets up the defining focus of the book .
He contrasts the “ rigorous and open - minded skepticism of science ” with “ the inflexible certainty of ideological commitment ” ( i.e. , “ denialism ” ) .
Already , we ’re on thin intellectual ice ; Specter evidently believes in a pure science , one that exists completely apart from ideology .
In Gibbon ’s phrasing , he ’s defending a science as “ she descended from Heaven [ read : the Enlightenment ] , arrayed in her native purity . ”
According to Denialism , organic farming threatens millions in Africa .
According to the UN , not so much .
But science does n’t exist in an ideal state .
Like the arts , it lives on its patrons–and their interests shape its contours .
Here in the United States , public funding for universities and research has plummeted since the Reagan era .
Into that void have stepped monied interests –corporations more inclined to finance the generation of proprietary knowledge than the sort of pure science Specter so values .
Does this factor automatically invalidate the scientific enterprise ?
Of course not .
But anyone who takes on the topic of modern science has to account for it–or risk playing the fool .
Specter blithely ignores the political economy of science as it is practiced .
That oversight severely limits the value of his book .
But there ’s another , even more glaring oversight at work here .
In a book devoted to “ denialism , ” and “ how irrational thinking hinders scientific progress , harms the planet , and threatens our lives , ” there is almost no discussion of the most powerful and successful of all the denier cliques : those who insist human - induced climate change is a hoax .
So what do we find in these pages ?
We get a chapter defending the pharmaceutical industry against critics who question its wares–an industry with nearly $ 300 billion in sales in the U.S. alone , and fast - growing markets overseas .
Specter ’s defense aside , Big Pharma typically vies with “ oil and mining ” and “ commercial banks ” for the title of most profitable industry in the United States .
There ’s a chapter decrying those who question the necessity of vaccinations–even as global child vaccine rates continue to rise .
( Indeed , according to a recent report , the main factor holding vaccines back is n’t denialism , but rather their heightened cost . )
We get a chapter lambasting what Specter calls the “ organic fetish ” –even though organic food sales remain less than 5 percent of the U.S. market ( as Specter acknowledges ) .
But really , this chapter ( more on which below ) amounts to a ringing defense of genetically modified organisms –which can now be found in 75 percent + of the offerings on supermarket shelves .
Another chapter blasts the herbal remedy and supplement market–substantial at $ 23 billion in sales per year ( according to this report ) , but still a fraction of the pharma market ’s size .
In other words , Specter mainly trains his sights on unsuccessful or marginally empowered “ deniers , ” such as those challenging the pharma behemoth or vaccines for children .
But what about the successful deniers –the ones who have managed to block any meaningful response to climate change from the federal government , and are even now fouling up the effort to pass an effective climate bill ?
These folks , part of a loosely concerted movement funded largely by the oil and coal industries , get barely a mention in Denialism ; they certainly do n’t rate a chapter .
The book ’s index has no entry for “ climate change . ”
The entry for “ Global warming ” cites just one page–a reference to genetically modified foods as a “ solution ” to global warming .
Does this mean that Specter thinks Monsanto ’s critics –of whom I am one–pose more of threat to humanity than the likes of Sen.
James Inhofe , who airs his views not in a blog but on the floor of the U.S. Senate ?
Monsanto has certainly shaken off its deniers ; it now dominates the U.S. corn , soy , and cotton seed markets .
The movement to mitigate climate change has n’t been so lucky .
Specter ’s failure to consider this most successful foray into denialism just astounds me .
Did an author really just publish a book about “ denialism ” –and forget to address climate - change deniers ?
It ’s like writing a book about the British invasion of the 1960s , and neglecting to mention the Beatles and the Rolling Stones .
OK , so what ’s in Specter ’s chapter on organics and GMOs ?
Astonishingly , not very much science .
Two major assumptions underlie it : organic agriculture delivers frightfully low yields , and GMO agriculture delivers reassuringly high yields .
He does n’t deliver data to back up either of those claims .
Here are two studies , both of which came out in time for consideration in Denialism , that Specter really should have grappled with : 1 ) a 2009 study by the Union of Concerned Scientists showing that after decades of research , transgenic seeds have yet to deliver yield increases ; and 2 ) a 2005 study in Bioscience ( summary here ) showing that yields of organically grown corn and soy match those of their conventional counterparts –with dramatically lower energy inputs .
Straddling his two wobbly , undefended givens about GMO and organic yields , Specter leaps to the conclusion that proponents of organic agriculture are dooming millions to starvation .
Or as he puts it :
An organic universe sounds delightful , but it would consign millions in Africa and in much of Asia to malnutrition and death .
To hear Specter tell it , the only thing standing between the African continent and a future marked by widespread famine is a complete surrender to GMO technology .
But in declaring that vision , he ’s brazenly denying the conclusions of the largest and most comprehensive study on the future of agriculture in the global south , the International Assessment of Agricultural Science and Technology for Development ( IAASTD ) .
Under the auspices of the United Nations , World Bank , WHO , and other institutions , the IAASTD gathered 400 scientists and development experts from dozens of nations to assess the very problems that concern Specter .
A three - year project , it has been called the IPCC of agriculture .
Its conclusion : agroecological practices –including the very organic - farming techniques Specter finds so frightful–are at least as important as biotechnology in terms of “ feeding the world ” in the decades to come .
The study [ PDF ] is at best lukewarm on GMOs .
It openly doubts whether GMOs actually increase yields ; and deplores the patent regime that now governs them .
The IAASTD states :
In developing countries especially , instruments such as patents may drive up costs , restrict experimentation by the individual farmers or public researchers while also potentially undermining local practices that enhance food security and economic sustainability .
In this regard , there is particular concern about present IPR instruments eventually inhibiting seed - saving , exchange , sale and access to proprietary materials necessary for the independent research community to conduct analyses and long term experimentation on impacts .
Farmers face new liabilities : GM farmers may become liable for adventitious presence if it causes loss of market certification and income to neighboring organic farmers , and conventional farmers may become liable to GM seed producers if transgenes are detected in their crops .
The IAASTD turned out to be so unenthusiastic about GMOs , in fact , that Croplife International , the trade group for the globe ’s dominant GMO / agrichemical purveyors , angrily pulled out of participation shortly before its release .
I ’m not blasting Specter for refusing to agree with the IAASTD ’s conclusions ; but I do find it inexcusable that he failed to grapple with this vast scientific undertaking .
In doing so , he lurches toward a kind of denialism of his own .
Generally , he might have more fully engaged the major literature on ag development in the global south .
He glancingly refers to the FAO ’s 2003 - ’04 “ State of Food and Agriculture ” paper that gave tepid support for GMOs among poor farmers ( while stressing that they ’re “ not a panacea ” ) .
Yet Specter ignores a more recent paper ( this one from 2008 , by the U.N. Conference on Trade and Development ) that ’s directly relevant to the topic of his chapter : its on the potential of organic ag in Africa .
The paper concludes :
Organic agriculture can increase agricultural productivity and can raise incomes with low - cost , locally available and appropriate technologies , without causing environmental damage .
Furthermore , evidence shows that organic agriculture can build up natural resources , strengthen communities and improve human capacity , thus improving food security by addressing many different causal factors simultaneously …
Organic and near - organic agricultural methods and technologies are ideally suited for many poor , marginalized smallholder farmers in Africa , as they require minimal or no external inputs , use locally and naturally available materials to produce high - quality products , and encourage a whole systemic approach to farming that is more diverse and resistant to stress .
Again , no need to agree with every science - based report that praises organic ag .
But to pretend such papers do n’t exist is poor journalism .
Judging from his organic chapter , Specter spent a lot of time trolling the aisles at Whole Foods , marvelling at the simplistic comments of the shoppers .
Fine .
I have no doubt that he heard silly , science - denying things there .
But where is the push to find the intersections between organic and science–such at the Rodale Institute in Pennsylvania , which has for years been running a test organic farm , complete with control farm ?
The results of its work , often in conjunction with USDA researchers , show that innovative organic techniques have at least as much promise for mitigating and surviving climate change as some patent - protected transgenic seed cooked up in a Monsanto lab .
Scientific output is messy and full of contradictions .
And that brings me back to my broader critique of this book : that Specter defends an ideal , objective science that does n’t exist in this world .
There is no greater case study of the grubbiness of real - world science than the rise of Specter ’s beloved GMOs .
( I ’m still marveling at this statement , from the introduction : “ I wonder , as the ice sheet in Greenland disappears , the seas rise , and our sense of planetary foreboding grows , will denialists consider the genetically engineered organisms that propel our cars and sustain our factories as a continuation of what [ organic champion ]
Lord Melchett described as a war against nature ? ” )
GMOs are hardly a product of the kind of pure and objective science that Specter celebrates .
Indeed , the few companies involved in GMO seed production have been accorded such extraordinary intellectual property power by the U.S. government that research scientists have risen up in rebellion .
In an article published in February of this year –maybe too late for consideration by Specter– The New York Times reported that 26 corn-insect specialists signed a letter to the EPA complaining that “ no truly independent research [ on GMOS ] can be legally conducted on many critical questions ” because the patent - holding companies have so much power over research .
From the Times :
The problem , the scientists say , is that farmers and other buyers of genetically engineered seeds have to sign an agreement meant to ensure that growers honor company patent rights and environmental regulations .
But the agreements also prohibit growing the crops for research purposes .
Shockingly , “ The researchers … withheld their names [ from the EPA letter ] because they feared being cut off from research by the companies . ”
Now there ’s an example of scientists who are free to pursue the path of truth !
I ’d also urge Specter to read a paper by Don Lotter , published early this year in the International Journal of the Sociology of Food and Agriculture .
Lotter ’s paper , provocatively titled “ The Genetic Engineering of Food and The Failure of Science , ” shows how the collapse of biology ’s “ central dogma ” – the one - gene , one - trait thesis that fell apart with the mapping of the human genome –exposed GM plant breeding as a rather crude tool .
He traces the rise of GMOs , convincingly arguing that political and economic power , not scientific rigor , have driven the technology ’s ascent .
But political and economic power are precisely what elude Specter ’s gaze .
This great defender of science appears to be cursed with something that a love of science should have cured : naiveté .
To be sure , the kind of know - nothing , reflexive anti-scienticism that Specter deplores certainly exists ; and its adherents need a kick in the pants .
Specter ’s boot misses the target .
Moreover , he sees deniers everywhere , except where they are actually powerful and effective : denying climate change .
I 'm a postdoc in the biological sciences .
I can't decide if I work too much or not enough .
I 'm married to Dr. Hyde , a fabulous scientist himself , and we 've finally had a child after a long time trying .
The title and pseudonym ?
One name at work , another at home .
So , I get off work at 6:30 pm , rush to the bar to catch my friends that are playing a live webcast , end up at another bar where I run into two exes and one crackhead .
I 'm pretty much having one of those FML nights , so I storm home and find waiting for me ..... A PACKAGE ! from CANADA !
and it is BOOK SHAPED !!
So I try to gather my wits ( because natural two exes and crackhead made me slam a few in before I came home ) and I tear into the package .
It reveals an awesomely wrapped bendy thingy , the wrapping paper says Merry Christmas , in 3 languages or so ? , I think it 's English , spanish , and French but do n't trust me right now .
There is also a lovely little note , that is a penguin !
Yay !
It 's my power animal here to tell me to Slide !!!
I now rip open the package , a little worried because I am quite an avid reader - though such a bibliophile I do have multiple copies of books I love the most .
I find in there a copy of ' Me Talk Pretty One Day ' by David Sedaris !
Score !!
A book I have on my to buy and read list and have n't yet !
I love the other David Sedaris I have ( barrel fever , naked , dress your family in corduroy and denim ) so I 'm super stoked .
I heart Amy Sedaris too !
Thank you sooooo much Bruno Tremblay !
I can't think of the reddit name right now , but I 'll add that later with some pics and apologize for my grammar and spelling errors .
Oh !
there was also a business card and the invite to visit Vancouver anytime .
Seriously awesome gift for me , almost as good as PBR and whiskey !
almost !
Okay I live in Texas and it's under 70 so I have to go crawl under my blankets now .
ROME  Stung by the televised knockdown of Pope Benedict XVI at Christmas Eve Mass  by a woman who had sought to assault him a year ago  the Vatican said Friday it would review security procedures , raising the possibility of more stringent public access to the pope , leader of the world ’s 1.1 billion Catholics .
Benedict , 82 , was unhurt .
He quickly recovered and celebrated Mass , and he looked well hours later as he delivered his traditional Christmas Day greeting from the loggia of St. Peter ’s Basilica on Friday .
A French cardinal caught in the scuffle suffered a fractured thighbone .
The assailant , identified by the Vatican as Susanna Maiolo , a 25 - year - old Swiss - Italian national with a history of mental problems , was held for questioning and hospitalized in Rome .
She was not under formal arrest , and it was unclear whether she would face charges .
Yet the assault on the pope , captured on television and by tourist cameras and replayed countless times , raised serious questions about Vatican , and Italian , security .
It was the first direct attack on Benedict since he became pope in 2005 , and it came less than two weeks after Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was hospitalized after a mentally unstable man struck him at a campaign rally .
From the department of You Can't Make This Sh*t Up :
Republican Rep. Tom Price , of Georgia , has introduced a House resolution that would , if passed , express the legislative body 's " gratitude and appreciation " to Tea Party members who marched on Washington on Sept. 12 to " show their love of liberty and their grievance with recent government actions . "
The proposed resolution is co-signed by more than 70 members of the House .
The proposed resolution would single for praise the " hundreds of thousands of American patriots , who refuse to sit idly by as the Federal Government advances skyrocketing deficits , taxpayer - funded bailouts , pork - barrel projects , burdensome taxes , unaccountable policy czars , command - and - control energy policy , and a government takeover of health care , came to Washington , D.C , to show their disapproval ... "
So let me get this straight ... Price wants to pass a resolution that would praise anti-government , right wing extremists who want to overthrow their president ?
Really ?
If one single Democrat votes for this garbage , you can be sure we will call them out and ridicule them mercilessly .
Just to be clear , there were n't hundreds of thousands of people at that joke of a march on September 12th .
And this was not an anti-tax march , this was a well funded hate - fest that was organized by Fox News and Glenn Beck .
You can read Price 's entire resolution here .
For added entertainment , click through to the original article and check out some of the comments .
Did n't they learn anything from our Jon Perr 's 10 Lessons for Teabaggers ?
Cleveland Democratic Rep. Dennis Kucinich wants to impose a 60 percent excise tax on the fat bonuses that were paid to executives of companies that took money from last year 's bank bailout .
On Wednesday , he proposed an amendment to a pending financial industry reform bill that would do that and impose an additional 70 percent tax on TARP recipients ' corporate profits .
" Without the extraordinary actions of the federal government , many of these institutions would have collapsed a long time ago , " Kucinich told the House Rules Committee , arguing that his amendment would hold " to account those institutions and individuals that made the decisions that led to the crisis . "
The Rules Committee did not permit his amendment to be considered on the House of Representatives floor because it was opposed the Financial Services Committee , a Rules spokesman said .
Kucinich says he plans to introduce a freestanding bill next year to accomplish those goals , modeled on on British efforts to tax banking bonuses .
He estimated his suggested excise tax on bonuses would generate about $ 14 billion for the U.S. Treasury .
Sean Hannity 's Pathetic , Unmitigated Weakness on Picking Debate Partners
" President Obama is weak on national defense " is something Sean Hannity loves to repeat to his audience .
Because Hannity and Rush Limbaugh have publicly hoped Obama fails , it 's no surprise they continue their mutiny against our military 's Commander In Chief , even on the announcement of a troop surge in Afghanistan .
Hannity is not ashamed to hype up fear and doubt in the minds of American families , predicting on his show that the USA is one horrendous national security crisis away from abandoning Obama for a Conservative who is " strong on national defense " .
This of course , shows our enemies we are a divided people , allowing them more post - 9/11 gloating .
Both Hannity Hannity feels Obama should extend the Iraq and Afghanistan wars until we 've " won " to remain on the offensive in the " war on terror " .
Not only does n't anyone understand what Hannity means by " winning " or " war on terror " , this country 's second biggest radio pundit wo n't even answer the question .
Is it when suicide attacks cease ?
Will that ever happen ?
Both Hannity and Limbaugh have said on the air that Iran should be bombed by us - a prospect that any sober Mid East expert would agree assures a deadly escalation in attacks on American citizens , allies and interests .
But even as Hannity derides Obama for not being aggressive enough , Hannity himself refuses to respond to published criticisms of his professional ethics , journalistic standards , ulterior motives and connections to taxpayer - funded propaganda operations originating inside the Bush White House for which records are hidden .
Hannipocrisy Revealed
If Hannity believes our country must get tough against it 's enemies , he sets a poor personal example for bravery when he cowers from head - to - head debate live on the air with articulate , informed liberals , censoring qualified guests who have highly relevant facts to add to his claims on America 's most important issues .
To critical - thinking parents , issues like the economy and war must be debated transparently .
We need our best minds weighing in and stress - testing their arguments so voters can make informed decisions .
If Hannity says we need tax cuts for the rich so they can create jobs for the rest of us , we must hear him defend this under scrutiny - the opposing view - then we must review the research , we must decide for ourselves .
It 's quite fair to say that Hannity wants another neocon elected president to secure tax cuts for the most wealthy .
Congress did just this in 2001 and 2003 using the same controversial reconciliation method Hannity now calls " ramming it down our throats " .
American parents cannot decide without the proper 411 , Sean .
Do not say Reaganomics created jobs without delineating how many were low - paying , no -benefits jobs during the gentrification and franchisation of America as short - term profits chased entire industries overseas .
We need the full stats : how many of those jobs were " second " jobs ?
How many were American owned companies ?
How much did the deficit grow ?
False Advertising Now Legal During The Program
It 's easy to spin the stats , but it 's beyond yellow - bellied weakness that Hannity wo n't debate smart critics on the air - it's an admission that his arguments cannot hold up till he figures out something tricky to say " unilaterally " .
Though some issues are subjective , some are less so .
Hannity cannot defend Bush 's management of pre-war intel to an insider like Col. Lawrence Wilkerson .
Tens of millions are therefore missing the opportunity to hear Hannity 's claims vetted where they were made .
Here is a relevant , articulate guest , a first - hand witness to Cheney and Scooter Libby 's intelligence chicanery , who is willing to do national interviews over the public airwaves so ordinary folks can make up their own minds ( telling truths his boss Colin Powell should have publicized himself long ago ) .
Is There A Measure For Journalistic Balance ?
Anyone who called for Dan Rather to be fired for his ' partisan ' journalism in the Texas Air Guard story leading up to the 2004 election feels there is a line for broadcasters and Rather crossed it .
It is totally reasonable , therefore , to apply this same standard to Hannity or Limbaugh .
While Rather 's story turned out to be true - Bush abandoned his military post to work on a political campaign - one questionable document was enough to seal Rather 's fate - he was fired and tossed on his ear by CBS / Viacom .
This brings us to Hannity 's " accidental " astroturfing report on Michelle Bachmann 's rally at the Capitol .
While newspapers reported a possible 10,000 attendees , Hannity suggested there were more like 30,000 protesters .
When celebrity participant Jon Voigt claimed on the air 40,000 were there , Hannity added that the whole event came together by spontaneous word - of - mouth .
Soon after , Hannity 's TV show was found to have spliced in video of crowd scenes from a more crowded rally held in September .
Hannity apologized , explaining it was an accident and there was no intentional deception .
But skeptics still ask how old footage of big crowds could have " mistakenly " been added to a current clip , especially given the discrepancy between the turnout numbers Hannity broadcast and what eyewitnesses reported .
Fox issued a proclamation that they would start to fire subordinates if this kind of funny stuff continued .
Rather 's Executive Critics Let Hannity Skate
An Augusta , SC lawyer insisted the Augusta Chronicle 's oped board should hold Hannity accountable for the same standard of " sloppy journalism " and " rabid partisan " reporting they held Rather to .
The Wall Street Journal , Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times also complained Rather crossed a defined line , as well as Pat Buchanan and Oliver North who offered this as the standard for unacceptable journalism .
Andrew Sullivan , the editor of the New Republic even called for Rather 's superior , CBS News President Andrew Heyward to be fired over the Rathergate flap .
Does The First Amendment Include Propaganda ?
Nope .
There are prohibitions and penalties on free speech .
For example , when that speech incites violence , causes riots , violates noise ordinances , signage restrictions , libel laws , obscenity laws , littering or vandalism laws , product safety laws , false labeling , junk faxing , spam , electioneering and copyright statutes .
These are just some examples of limits on free speech .
All these regulations protect us from abuse , yet can be exploited themselves , preventing ( or allowing ) the selling of snake oil , or someone putting stickers on our car , dropping leaflets in our yard , making enormous signs , pirating movies , yelling fire in a theater , or false promises ( for example , the Miracle Ear filters out the sounds you do n't want to hear ) .
US history documents these abuses and attempted remedies , such as requirements for open public debate , transparency in courts and penalties for slander .
But the authors of the first amendment could n't imagine how technologies like TV and radio could be exploited for propaganda .
Just this week , Rwandan DJ Valerie Bemeriki was given a life sentence , joining her bosses in prison for radio broadcasts encouraging persecution of Tutsis in 1994 .
Would our founding fathers have permitted this on American airwaves ?
We know they wanted a proper , well - rounded education for the electorate , the sentiment that gave us the nation 's first public schools .
During WWII , America saw how deadly effective radio propaganda could be .
So the government tried to clean up bias - in - broadcasting with the Smith Mundt Act and the Fairness Doctrine of 1949 , federal laws which required ethical self - policing and equal time provisions .
The laws were impossible to enforce and vulnerable to abuse by officials to silence political criticism , but in practical terms it kept most political debate off the air entirely .
Armed with arguments fashioned by then - attorneys Robert Bork and Antonin Scalia , Reagan struck down the Fairness Doctrine in 1987 and Rush Limbaugh went on the air .
Corporate partner Clearchannel bought him a station in almost every market during the height of the Monica Lewinsky scandal and he became the litmus - test case for slanted political discussion , winning over fans as he changed the way political fact and opinion were allowed to be presented over public airwaves - unapologetically partisan with no internal checks , corporate ombudsmen or ethics boards .
Despite wide denouncement of Limbaugh 's tactics , he got insanely rich off a dedicated right wing listener base .
Hannity would join him , pushing the limits and precedent for on - air electioneering for candidates like Rudy Giuliani , George Allen and Rick Santorum who became frequent , favored guests as they were running for office but while their opponents were not heard from .
Hannity also announced a set of principles for political candidates to follow , inspiring the GOP 's " purity test " and has just recently launched a district - by - district interactive map and Conservative voting guide , blurring the lines between " news , talk and opinion " and " electioneering communications " which are subject to transparency regulations , funding restrictions and other free speech limitations .
Should the US Have Legislative or Grassroots Enforcement of Balance ?
If Hannity 's is a for - profit , commercial broadcasting enterprise and not a registered political action committee , is it possible Hannity 's show is breaking election laws by turning the show into a three hour daily " gotcha " - thon during elections ?
This is an issue the Supreme Court is considering now , looking at a suit brought by a right - wing filmmaker whose " documentary " was banned by the Federal Election Commission because it served no purpose other than to bash a presidential candidate .
buy members of our Congress .
Scalia is now one of five in - the - tank Conservatives on the high Court and if he gets his way , foreign entities like al Qaeda , the Taliban , the Kremlin or neo -Nazis will have an easy time funding US candidates or producing electioneering programming to help win office , making propaganda essentially legal - as they almost literallymembers of our Congress .
These legal and legislative debates over political free speech are tricky because the administration in power at any given time is liable to seek advantages over their detractors .
Thus , the American people should decide , not the government .
Ultimately , Hannity 's censure should come from those who feel that refusal to engage in honest debate is propaganda .
This includes Keith Olbermann or Chris Matthews , accused of left - wing bias and censorship themselves .
Yes , " the left does it too " arguments are valid to the extent MSNBC and others intentionally squelch relevant perspectives , censor critics , or fail to publicly solicit fair representation of opposing views .
Who should Hannity debate ?
Alan Colmes served as Fox 's in - house " left wing " balance with mixed results for years until he was scrapped for a panel format .
While liberals might chomp at the bit to see whip - smart Rachel Maddow or Democracy Now !
host Amy Goodman or editor of The Nation Katrina vanden Heuval take on Hannity openly , Hannity surrogates say it 's against their financial interest to give air time to a media competitor .
Frequent substitute Mark Simone said as much on Hannity 's show , exposing their fervor for market dominance and profits over the public 's need to hear balance or necessary news items .
But this still should not pre-empt authors such as Naomi Wolf , Naomi Klein or Thomas Ricks , or whistleblowers like Scott McClellan who had fascinating exchanges during his press tours .
Adam Smith , Charles Darwin and George Washington are not only rolling in their graves , they are dancing the macarena .
A new study by the UMich School of Business has found what everyone has known since the crisis began , if not centuries prior : that the biggest , crappiest banks were guaranteed to get more bailout funding the more political ties they had ( and more kickbacks they had offered ) .
Is this sufficient to claim that capitalism in its purest sense has been corrupted beyond repair , courtesy of political intervention and constant pandering ?
Probably not , but it sure makes a damn good argument .
In any case , the data is sufficient for all bears to start keeping a track of which banks are increasing their lobbying efforts and funding : those are the ones where the greatest weakness is likely still to be uncovered ( if it has n't already ) .
And while the political relationship probably is not a big surprise to any realistic readers , another finding of the study makes a solid case for abolition of the " apolitical " Federal Reserve :
A new study by Ross professors Ran Duchin and Denis Sosyura found that banks with connections to members of congressional finance committees and banks whose executives served on Federal Reserve boards were more likely to receive funds from the Troubled Asset Relief Program , the federal government 's program to purchase assets and equity from financial institutions to strengthen its financial sector .
The unsupervised Federal Reserve gets to make or break banks , presumably under the gun of its one and only master , Goldman Sachs , which has already destroyed its major historical competitors : Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers .
This is a sufficient condition to not only audit the central bank but to immediately seek its abolition , and also to commence anti-trust proceedings against Goldman Sachs which is not only a monopoly , but by extension has veto power over the very regulatory mechanism that is supposed to keep it " fair and honest . "
The system is truly broken .
More findings from the study :
Further , their research shows that TARP investment amounts were positively related to banks ' political contributions and lobbying expenditures , and that , overall , the effect of political influence was strongest for poorly performing banks .
Can someone reminds us what the core premise of capitalism is again , and why we pretend to live in anything other than a hard core socialist society ?
One of the professors of the study had this to say :
" Our results show that political connections play an important role in a firm 's access to capital .
The effects of political ties on federal capital investment are strongest for companies with weaker fundamentals , lower liquidity and poorer performance — which suggests that political ties shift capital allocation towards underperforming institutions . "
The US financial system now need a new four letter acronym : everyone knows TBTF .
We hereby annoint the Too Blatantly Briby To Fail ( TB2TF ) category of financial institutions .
We posit that in 5 years there will be two banks in the former group : JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs , while every single other bank will make up the latter .
Among the specific data findings :
The researchers used four variables to measure political influence : 1 ) seats held by bank executives on the board of directors at any of the 12 Federal Reserve banks or their branches ( the Federal Reserve is involved in the initial review of CPP applications from the majority of qualified banks ) ; 2 ) banks with headquarters located in the district of a U.S. House member serving on the Congressional Committee on Financial Services or its subcommittees on Financial Institutions and Capital Markets ( which played a major role in the development of TARP and its amendments ) ; 3 ) banks ' campaign contributions to congressional candidates ; and 4 ) banks ' lobbying expenditures .
They found that a board seat at a Federal Reserve Bank was associated with a 31 percent increase in the likelihood of receiving CPP funds , while a bank 's connection to a House member on key finance committees was associated with a 26 percent increase , controlling for other bank characteristics such as size and various financial indicators .
The last data point is truly troubling : while it is one thing to pander to corrupt politicians , at least when their transgressions are made public they can and will be booted out .
Yet what checks and balances exist to punish current and former Fed staffers who endorse near - bankrupt companies , in self - evident conflict of interest acts , for enhanced survival ?
As the Fed is accountable to nothing and nobody , save Goldman Sachs , one can argue that Goldman decides the fate of the very core of the US financial system : which firms get the thumbs up and down treatment .
This is an unbelievalbe travesty of both the constitutional and the tenets of capitalism and must be rectified immediately .
It certainly helps that the president , being a Constitutional law professor , will surely get right on it .
" Our findings also suggest that qualified financial institutions were more likely to receive an investment from CPP if they were bigger and had lower earnings and lower capital , " said Duchin , U - M assistant professor of finance .
" This is consistent with an investment strategy seeking to support systematically important institutions experiencing financial distress . "
If this study 's finding are confirmed and repeated independently by other research teams , it is safe to say that any pretense America has to being an efficient capitalism system ( where those who can no longer compete , disappear ) can be used to wipe the nation 's collective backside .
Between this , and a choice of US dollars and Treasuries , Cottonelle is starting to see some serious competition .
h/t Geoffrey Batt
Left 4 Dead 2 has gone gold and will be in stores and available via Steam from November 20 , but beyond supporting that title , what lies ahead for Valve ?
More Left 4 Dead ?
A Portal sequel ?
What of Half - Life 2 : Episode 3 ?
We recently caught up with Valve writer Chet Faliszek and quizzed him on all the above .
" There are quite a few teams at Valve .
There are people working on other stuff as we speak now , that were working on it during Left 4 Dead , " said Faliszek when asked if the studio had a desire to work on other projects besides Left 4 Dead .
" I think there are about 150 to 200 developers .
The team of Left 4 Dead is about 60 .
So there are a lot of things still going on . "
Responding directly to a question regarding the status on Half - Life 2 : Episode 3 , he said : " We hate to ever talk about anything until we 're close to releasing it , just because , who knows what will happen ? "
What about a Portal sequel , perhaps as a self - contained experience ?
Faliszek was n't going to budge .
" We 'll see !
I do n't know !
We 'll see ! " he replied .
Left 4 Dead 2 will be released for PC and Xbox 360 .
For more from Chet Faliszek check out the interview in full right here .
A fascinating article by Oleg Kiselyov on delimited continuations :
We demonstrate the conversion of a regular parser to an incremental one in byte - code OCaml .
The converted , incremental parser lets us parse from a stream that is only partially known .
The parser may report what it can , asking for more input .
When more input is supplied , the parsing resumes .
The converted parser is not only incremental but also undoable and restartable .
If , after ingesting a chunk of input the parser reports a problem , we can `go back ' and supply a different piece of input .
The conversion procedure is automatic and largely independent of the parser implementation .
The parser should either be written without visible side effects , or else we should have access to its global mutable state .
The parser otherwise may be written with no incremental parsing in mind , available to us only in a compiled form .
The conversion procedure relies on the inversion of control , accomplished with the help of delimited continuations provided by the delimcc library .
By Pallava Bagla in Delhi
The Himalayas hold the planet 's largest body of ice outside the polar caps
The UN panel on climate change warning that Himalayan glaciers could melt to a fifth of current levels by 2035 is wildly inaccurate , an academic says .
J Graham Cogley , a professor at Ontario Trent University , says he believes the UN authors got the date from an earlier report wrong by more than 300 years .
He is astonished they " misread 2350 as 2035 " .
The authors deny the claims .
Leading glaciologists say the report has caused confusion and " a catalogue of errors in Himalayan glaciology " .
The Himalayas hold the planet 's largest body of ice outside the polar caps - an estimated 12,000 cubic kilometres of water .
They feed many of the world 's great rivers - the Ganges , the Indus , the Brahmaputra - on which hundreds of millions of people depend .
' Catastrophic rate '
In its 2007 report , the Nobel Prize - winning Inter - governmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) said : " Glaciers in the Himalayas are receding faster than in any other part of the world and , if the present rate continues , the likelihood of them disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps sooner is very high if the Earth keeps warming at the current rate .
It is not plausible that Himalayan glaciers are disappearing completely within the next few decades
Michael Zemp ,
World Glacier Monitoring Service
Himalayan glaciers ' ' mixed picture '
" Its total area will likely shrink from the present 500,000 to 100,000 square kilometres by the year 2035 , " the report said .
It suggested three quarters of a billion people who depend on glacier melt for water supplies in Asia could be affected .
But Professor Cogley has found a 1996 document by a leading hydrologist , VM Kotlyakov , that mentions 2350 as the year by which there will be massive and precipitate melting of glaciers .
" The extrapolar glaciation of the Earth will be decaying at rapid , catastrophic rates - its total area will shrink from 500,000 to 100,000 square kilometres by the year 2350 , " Mr Kotlyakov 's report said .
Mr Cogley says it is astonishing that none of the 10 authors of the 2007 IPCC report could spot the error and " misread 2350 as 2035 " .
" I do suggest that the glaciological community might consider advising the IPCC about ways to avoid such egregious errors as the 2035 versus 2350 confusion in the future , " says Mr Cogley .
He said the error might also have its origins in a 1999 news report on retreating glaciers in the New Scientist magazine .
The article quoted Syed I Hasnain , the then chairman of the International Commission for Snow and Ice's ( ICSI ) Working group on Himalayan glaciology , as saying that most glaciers in the Himalayan region " will vanish within 40 years as a result of global warming " .
Scientists say Himalayan glaciers need more study
When asked how this " error " could have happened , RK Pachauri , the Indian scientist who heads the IPCC , said : " I do n't have anything to add on glaciers . "
The IPCC relied on three documents to arrive at 2035 as the " outer year " for shrinkage of glaciers .
They are : a 2005 World Wide Fund for Nature report on glaciers ; a 1996 Unesco document on hydrology ; and a 1999 news report in New Scientist .
Incidentally , none of these documents have been reviewed by peer professionals , which is what the IPCC is mandated to be doing .
Murari Lal , a climate expert who was one of the leading authors of the 2007 IPCC report , denied it had its facts wrong about melting Himalayan glaciers .
But he admitted the report relied on non-peer reviewed - or ' unpublished ' - documents when assessing the status of the glaciers .
' Alarmist ' Recently India 's Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh released a study on Himalayan glaciers that suggested that they may be not melting as much due to global warming as it is widely feared .
He accused the IPCC of being " alarmist " .
India says the rate of retreat in many glaciers has decreased in recent years Mr Pachauri dismissed the study as " voodoo science " and said the IPCC was a " sober body " whose work was verified by governments .
But in a joint statement some the world 's leading glaciologists who are also participants to the IPCC have said : " This catalogue of errors in Himalayan glaciology ... has caused much confusion that could have been avoided had the norms of scientific publication , including peer review and concentration upon peer - reviewed work , been respected . "
Michael Zemp from the World Glacier Monitoring Service in Zurich also said the IPCC statement on Himalayan glaciers had caused " some major confusion in the media " .
" Under strict consideration of the IPCC rules , it should actually not have been published as it is not based on a sound scientific reference .
" From a present state of knowledge it is not plausible that Himalayan glaciers are disappearing completely within the next few decades .
I do not know of any scientific study that does support a complete vanishing of glaciers in the Himalayas within this century . "
Pallava Bagla is science editor for New Delhi Television ( NDTV ) and author of Destination Moon - India 's quest for Moon , Mars and Beyond .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Prompted by a 16 - year - old friend , we ’ll call her “ Stacy ” , I recently finished reading Mountains Beyond Mountains , a Tracy Kidder book that was excerpted in New Yorker magazine some years ago .
Jeff Sachs and Peter Singer sit in comfort in the U.S. and say that other people really should do something to help the world ’s poor .
The subject of the book , Paul Farmer , is the rare American who has dedicated his life , no questions asked , to helping those in need , specifically those who are sick , regardless of how inconveniently located they are .
The book chronicles Farmer ’s journey from a childhood spent in a converted bus parked in a Florida trailer park to Duke University on scholarship , to Haiti and Harvard Medical School , and eventually to a life floating among the world ’s airports , clinics , and conferences .
Through hard work and force of personality , Farmer has managed to build a modern clinic in a remote and desperately poor corner of Haiti .
He has revolutionized the treatment of drug - resistant tuberculosis in Peru and Russia .
The book , published in 2003 , does not chronicle Farmer ’s successful foray into HIV therapy for Rwandans .
Stacy was inspired by this book and other chronicles of Dr. Farmer ’s achievements .
I , on the other hand , could not imagine enduring the sacrifices described in the book : filthy food , Hepatitis A , all - day walks in stifling heat and humidity to reach patients in villages without road access , millions of miles of commercial airline flights , and hardly ever seeing his wife and children ( who live in Paris ) .
If this is what it takes to change the world , then do n’t hold your breath waiting for change , because there probably wo n’t be another guy like Farmer in our lifetime .
Farmer and Kidder share a political philosophy up to a point .
Farmer believes that it is immoral for someone to earn a fat salary and then spend it all on himself rather than living modestly and donating the surplus to the poor .
Kidder states that Haitians are poor because it is to the advantage of powerful Americans and rich Haitians to keep them poor and illiterate .
Somehow there are guys in Washington and New York who get richer as a consequence of Haitians getting poorer .
Due to indifference if not hostility towards the peasantry , the government of Haiti has shirked its responsibility to build roads , educate the inhabitants , provide jobs , deliver drinking water , etc. Neither Kidder nor Farmer consider whether it would be feasible for the best - intentioned group of bureaucrats to bring prosperity to Haiti .
Haiti is home to 9 million people in a country the size of Maryland , which makes it the most densely populated country in the Western Hemisphere ( source ) .
The per-capita GDP is $ 800 per year .
Individual Haitians have cut down all of the forests and burned them or used them for building materials .
If you wanted to create a case study to prove Jared Diamond ’s points in Collapse , it would be hard to construct a better example than Haiti .
The land supported a modest population of Taino Indians very nicely , but it could not support 9 million humans even if the natural resources were intact .
If you distributed Haiti ’s wealth equally among all Haitians , they would still be among the world ’s poorest people .
How would a government collect tax revenues from people who are subsistence farmers ?
Who would want the job of running a government in Haiti ?
Haiti is so poor that the traditional dictatorial approach of stealing from the common people is n’t practical .
It turns out that the only people who have been interested in the job recently were those who figured out that they could siphon off foreign aid dollars .
Only a saint would be willing to take on the project of governing honestly and , in fact , Haiti was governed for a time by a Catholic priest , Jean - Bertrand Aristide .
Folks ’ initial optimism faded when the man ’s earthly nature took over .
The priest succumbed to the temptations of women and took a young American wife , Mildred Trouillot .
Then he allegedly started pocketing millions of dollars in foreign aid ( perhaps the wife needed to return to her native New York City to shop , thus proving the old adage that “ Behind every successful man is the woman who made it necessary ” ) .
Now he lives very comfortably in South Africa with Mildred and their two daughters .
Where Farmer and Kidder part intellectual company is on a trip to Cuba .
Farmer thinks it might be the world ’s best country because everyone has equal access to high quality medical care ( Cuba has 6.4 doctors per 1000 people ; the U.S. has 2.4 ) .
Farmer acknowledges that Cuba is poor , but he blames that fact on the U.S. Kidder wo n’t go along with Farmer ’s unqualified admiration for Fidel Castro and Che Guevara ( a doctor who loved to personally execute traitors to the cause ) , but his opposition seems mostly based on prejudice against a country labeled “ Communist . ”
Kidder does not find anything specific about Cuba to criticize .
Neither Farmer nor Kidder pointed out that Cuba might be doing better than Haiti partly because it has more than three times as much land per person , a big advantage in a primarily agricultural economy ( Cuba ’s population growth rate is 0.23 percent per year ; Haiti’s is over 1.8 percent ) .
Farmer relaxes in Cuba , partly because he cannot get Internet access to retrieve his hundreds of importuning emails ; Kidder blames this on the U.S. trade embargo .
More importantly , there are n’t a lot of sick people waiting for treatment .
“ I can sleep here , ” Farmer said .
“ Everyone here has a doctor . ”
As with many non-fiction works , the complete book is less powerful than the shorter New Yorker article .
The magazine article followed Farmer to Haiti where he was making a huge difference in one region .
The book has him bouncing around a dozen countries , each of which has seemingly intractable problems and people dying due to insufficient and / or improper medical care .
Farmer in the article is the hero of thousands of Haitians ; Farmer in the book is bailing out the ocean with a teacup .
After reading the article one thinks “ That desperately ill Haitian kid walked out of the clinic ” ; after reading the book one thinks “ With no education or skills , how is that Haitian kid ever going to get a job ? ”
I thought that perhaps I was being too cynical .
Stacy , after all , is ready to dedicate the 80 - or - so years she has left on this planet to helping the unfortunate .
Perhaps her friends and hundreds of thousands more from her generation feel the same way .
I asked .
“ Most of them are too busy nagging their parents to buy them cars . ”
Cars ?
Are n’t her friends mostly teenagers who live in Manhattan ?
What kind of cars ?
Where would they keep them ?
Where would they drive ?
“ They get Lexus convertibles .
Their parents pay $ 550 per month for a garage space .
They drive to the Hamptons on some weekends . ”
[ If your teenager can manage without a Lexus , you can feel confident donating money to Partners in Health , Farmer ’s non-profit organization , which spends roughly 95 percent of its money on program services .
PIH has been selected by Bill and Melinda Gates for some large grants , and is rated highly by GiveWell .
The org ’s Form 990 for 2008 reveals that Farmer himself received no salary ( he gets paid separately as a Harvard Med School professor and physician ) .
The CEO of the $ 52 million / year organization received less than $ 75,000 per year in total compensation ( compare to Carnegie Hall or WGBH ) ; the highest paid employees earn between $ 67,000 and $ 80,000 per year . ]
Of late , I keep banging into the problem that people want systems to be “ secure by default ” : they do n’t want to pester the user about security .
They want the system to just do the right thing .
The problem is , this just is n’t possible .
One example I like to give is “ rm - rf * “ .
Clearly this command is sometimes a very bad idea , and sometimes exactly what you want to do .
If some piece of code I mistakenly trusted runs that command on my behalf , I might be very sad about it .
Therefore , any system that wants to be “ secure ” has to somehow know that when I move to some directory and type rm - rf * I mean it , and when I run a piece of code I ’m expecting to ( say ) edit some text , I do n’t mean it , and it should not be allowed to do it .
How can the system discover this ?
Clearly it must be through some user action .
The user must behave differently in some way in the two cases , so that the system can discover his intent .
Therefore it is impossible to be “ secure ” without , in some way , consulting the user about his intent .
Obviously we can try to minimise the intrusiveness of the consultation – for example , this is the impetus behind the “ designation is authorisation ” paradigm that is so natural in capability systems .
But we can not make it go away .
ChromeOS provides us with some interesting examples .
If we are going to have an operating system that only lets you use a browser , then clearly we ’re going to have to let that browser do some things we would not normally expect a browser to do , like access the webcam or interact with your USB devices .
There is simply no way to have those operations be secure by default – some web pages should have access to the camera and some should not , and there ’s no way to tell which is which without involving the user .
Of course , we ’ve traditionally allowed any program we install on a conventional operating system to access these things if it wants to , but the stupidity of that practice becomes very clear when we instead worry about what a web page can do .
Why do we continue to grant these broad permissions to executables ?
Once more , it is largely because we do n’t want to bother the user with these microdecisions ( we saw what a great idea that was with Vista ) , but hopefully the increasing power of the web will force us to figure out good ways to discern intent without getting in the user ’s way .
It seems to me that one opportunity we have with web interfaces is that we can place the APIs at a higher level .
This allows us to ask the user more meaningful questions than when the security boundary is at the system call level – and obviously by “ ask questions ” I include ways to discern the intent of the user without explicitly asking him , as is done , for example , in a file open dialog : clearly what is indicated is a single file which the user wants to open – modern browsers enforce that decision transparently , whereas modern operating systems just provide the file name as a hint to the executable – which can open any file it pleases .
Will the web teach us a better way ?
I do n’t know , but one thing is clear : we ca n’t ignore these problems in the browser .
“ Stupid user should n’t have installed that evil executable ” does not translate well into “ stupid user should n’t have visited that evil web page ” .
We ’re going to have to find some way to consult the user ; we wo n’t be able to brush the problem under the table as we have done in operating systems .
One approach I am very interested in is to somehow use collective behaviour to make smarter default decisions .
But more on that another time .
A final thought on the subject : what lunacy caused us to design systems where “ cat foo ” gets any more privilege than a read handle to foo plus write handles to stdout and stderr ?
On the latest episode of the The Ultimate Fighter 10 , Marcus ‘ The Darkness ’ Jones impressed by showing surprising agility for his 6ft 6′ , 260 lb frame as he quickly locked in an armbar submission on his opponent , Mike Wessel .
He is certainly becoming a popular figure on the show thanks to his ‘ gentle giant ’ persona , but beyond that , how good of a fighter is Marcus Jones ?
In this article we will look at his professional MMA career to date to see if TUF has unearthed a new heavyweight prospect .
Originally an american football player with a 6 year stint with the Tampa Bay Bucaneers as a defensive end , Marcus Jones has entered into the sport of mixed martial arts relatively late in his career .
His first professional fight came at the age of 34 against Will Mora , another inexperienced heavyweight who currently holds a record of 2 - 3 .
Thrust into the main event of the evening on his competitive debut , Jones would display his developing ground game ( he is now a blue belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ) by securing a kimura submission to claim victory just one minute into the fight .
In his next fight , just two weeks later , Jones would face another up and coming fighter , Eduardo Boza .
Boza was 1 - 0 at the time , though has since improved to 3 - 1 .
Luckily someone in the audience recorded the fight so feel free to watch it below before we continue …
The inexperience of both fighters is certainly on show here , it ’s not a pretty fight to watch .
It ’s clear that at this stage in his career that Jones ’ boxing needed considerable work .
He makes some basic errors such as keeping his hands too low , sticking his chin out , and failing to plant his feet .
Despite lacking technical striking what he does demonstrate is raw power and on this occasion that was enough to earn him a TKO victory .
After a 3 month break Jones returned to the WFC organization , and despite his two quick victories he would be facing another relative newcomer – Daniel Perez .
At the time Perez was 1 - 0 , but like Boza he was went on to bolster his record to 3 - 1 since then .
Like Marcus Jones ’s previous fights , this one would n’t make it past the first round .
Again amateur footage exists , though in this case it only shows the action towards the end of the fight .
It ’s not the best view of the action but it ’s clear the Jones pays the price for leaving his chin unprotected this time round , and is momentarily stunned .
It ’s all downhill from there as he retreats straight back to the cage and is quickly overcome by further strikes .
Though the video is brief , it again highlights the obvious weaknesses in his stand - up game , his inexperience and perhaps the first signs of a less than stellar chin .
Going back to the drawing board it would be some 10 months later before Jones would step into the cage again , this time to face Mike Ottman , who was at the time 1 - 2 .
By the end of the evening he would be 1 - 3 as Jones claimed another TKO victory due to punches after just 84 seconds .
Having got back to winning ways , Jones was back in action two months later in February of this year , to face a fighter making his MMA debut , John Juarez .
Of course it was always destined to finish early , and 99 seconds after the bell rang to start the contest , the referee called a halt to the proceedings as Jones overcame his opponent by way of strikes to claim another TKO victory .
Less than three months later Jones would become a part of The Ultimate Fighter Season 10 cast , and as we saw in the most recent episode he made a winning start on the show , reverting back to the submission skills that he had demonstrated in his debut fight .
As in his previous fights the bout ended very quickly making it difficult to assess his overall skills , but he certainly showed that he ’s a capable fighter on the ground and transitioned well to earn the submission .
It should also be noted that Mike Wessel , with a record of 6 - 1 ( including a fight at UFC 92 ) is the most experienced opponent he has faced yet .
So what have we learned about the fighter from his fights ?
His size and punching power are certainly noteworthy attributes .
Whats perhaps most interesting though is his BJJ , and the speed and agility he displayed on the ground in his last fight .
Those are relatively rare commodities for a heavyweight , particularly one who weighs in close to the 265 lb limit for the division .
That bodes well for the fighter in the rest of this season of TUF , though on the down side there are still major question marks over his stand - up skills and the quality of his chin .
Another disadvantage is that at 36 years of age he also does n’t have unlimited time to fix the holes in his game and continue to develop his strengths , though he does appear to be eager to learn which can only be a good thing .
Can he become The Ultimate Fighter Season 10 champion ?
The fighters on this season have so far failed to impress so he certainly has a good chance , particularly if he fights smart and uses his ground skills to his advantage .
Can he be a force to be reckoned with in the UFC ’s heavyweight division after the show is finished ?
It ’s perhaps unfair to judge on the strength of what we ’ve seen this far , but there ’s no real evidence to suggest he ’s a major threat in the division at this stage , particularly when you consider the level of competition he ’s faced .
It will however be interesting to see how he fares on TUF in the coming weeks , and he will get a chance in the UFC , particularly since he ’s become a popular character on the reality show that viewers have quickly warmed to .
I do n’t think the divisions top contenders will be quaking in their boots at the prospect just yet though .
Global consulting firm Accenture PLC has ended its relationship with Tiger Woods , marking the first major sponsor to cut ties altogether with the golfer since his alleged infidelities surfaced and he announced an indefinite leave from the sport to work on his marriage .
In its first statement since the Woods ' scandal erupted , Accenture said Sunday the golfer is " no longer the right representative " after the " circumstances of the last two weeks . "
The move ends a six - year relationship during which the firm credited its " Go on , be a Tiger " campaign with boosting its image significantly .
Accenture has used Woods to personify its claimed attributes of integrity and high performance .
" After careful consideration and analysis , the company has determined that he is no longer the right representative for its advertising , " Accenture said , adding that " it wishes only the best for Tiger Woods and his family . "
The firm plans to immediately transition to a new advertising campaign , with a major effort scheduled to launch later in 2010 .
An Accenture spokeswoman declined to comment further .
Advertising firm Young & Rubicam , which has handled the company 's Tiger Woods ads , also would not comment on the move .
One of the risks of advertising tied to a celebrity is that " your image gets carried by someone you can't control , " said Jonathan Bernstein , president of Bernstein Crisis Management .
I ’ve just found a short case study in the British Journal of Neurosurgery of a 12 - year - old boy who suffered a bleed in the brain after taking part in a ‘ head shaking competition ’ .
Somewhat curiously , the case study notes that he won , and reports his winning time .
The patient was a 12 - year - old , developmentally normal , healthy boy who presented to his primary care doctor with 2 weeks of headache accompanied by intermittent nausea and vomiting .
The headaches began after the patient entered a ‘ head shaking contest ’ with his peers .
The object of the contest was to vigorously rotate the head back and forth for as long as one could tolerate .
The patient won , with a time of approximately 2 min .
Afterwards he noted a mild headache that gradually worsened over the course of 2 weeks .
When it was at its most severe , the headache was occasionally accompanied by nausea and vomiting .
There were no visual disturbances or other focal neurological signs .
On a follow - up , he was found to have a large subdural haematoma , a type of bleed that happens under the brain ’s covering which is known as the dura mater , possibly related to an otherwise benign cyst that existed before hand but may have caused damage during the rather vigorous competition .
Link to PubMed entry for case study .
For most drug dealers wanting to transport some serious weight , an inconspicuous cargo van or low - key SUV would be the drive of choice .
But not everyone uses this same logic .
One particular man was recently caught driving 133 mph ( 213.8 km/h ) in an Audi RS6 Avant , ( one of the baddest super wagons on the planet ) along the stretch between Huelva and Seville in Spain .
This in itself might not seem like anything to write home about , but it turns out this bandit was transporting a heavy load of hashish .
Naturally , with a twin - turbo V10 with 580 hp at his disposal , putting on the turn signal and slowly pulling over to the right was not this guy ’s first thought when the police gave chase .
The driver pegged the throttle and moseyed on up to about 149 mph ( 240 km / h ) along a 20 kilometer stretch of the A - 49 highway , leaving smokey in the dust .
But low and behold , he later hit a traffic jam and his massive engine was no longer an effective tool for evasion .
The man took off on foot .
When the officers got to the abandoned car it became oh so clear why the driver bolted .
He was transporting 27 large bags of pot weighing 1,918 pounds ( 870kg ) .
I guess the drug lord should have hired Jason Statham because the estimated street value of all that dope was $ 180,500 ( €120,000 ) and this was surely a huge loss .
As a side note , the coachman was eventually caught .
What ’s so bizarre is that the driver ’s stash of marijiuana was plainly visible .
Most traffickers conceal drugs inside door panels , floorboards , engine compartments , seats and whatnot .
This genius obviously threw caution to the wind assuming that the Audi RS6 Avant would be untouchable .
Source : motorpassion
Assassin's Creed 2 , The Beatles : Rock Band , Borderlands , Brutal Legend , Dragon Age : Origins , Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars , Left 4 Dead 2 , Modern Warfare 2 , New Super Mario Bros. Wii .
There , are we done ?
For the majority of top 10 of 2009 lists spreading fungally across every site covering games , probably , and they 're not at all particularly wrong .
But 2009 was about a lot more than that handful that we knew would top their respective Metacritic charts ( and retail sales lists ) six to nine months before their release date , and — as I did with last year 's Offworld 20 list ( with a near - identical intro , I 've just re-discovered , woops ! ) — this list for Boing Boing will instead focus on the games that left their own strong mark on the year , just , sadly , a mark that in most cases went mostly overlooked .
Split into two sections , the first part of the Boing Boing 20 list will focus on console and handheld releases , while next week 's will round up the ten best indie and iPhone games , organized alphabetically rather than by any arbitrary ranking , with plenty of room in the comments for your own additions to your top gaming moments of the year .
Without further ado , then , the best collection of pre-adolescent royalty , retro revivalism , at least two kinds of rhythm , stretchers , scribblers , and succulents the year had to offer , and one bona - fide blockbuster that managed to rise above the rest ( it 's the one not listed above , can you guess before you reach the end ? ) :
Little King's Story [ Marvelous , Wii ]
Little King 's Story was a true left field surprise this year : a game about managing a township unwittingly put under your control , about protecting them and conquering the things they fear , a game about expanding your reign through exploration and field conquests , and a game that managed to do a better job of the mini-micro - management of your troops than even Nintendo 's re-released Wii-control Pikmin that must have inspired it .
Its crayon and pastel fantasy surely did n't help curry any favor with the gaming hardcore , which is a shame mostly because it a. ) belies the surprisingly challenging and strategic game underneath and 2 . ) be honest , lends the game an undeniable storybook charm .
Truly one of the year 's best adventures that too few have played .
Might & Magic : Clash of Heroes [ Capy , DS ]
Coming in as the year 's best 11th - hour surprise , Toronto indie Capy 's puzzle / strategy / RPG take on the Might & Magic universe was just covered here on Boing Boing , so I 'll reiterate that here :
Like Puzzle Quest — Infinite Interactive 's similarly dangerously time - devouring puzzler — before it , Clash overlays its fantasy RPG tale with battles that play out via color - matching vertical lines of troops to create , fuse and link attacks launched against your enemies , and doing the same horizontally to put together defensive lines to guard against theirs .
Its ruleset is so intricately devised and delicately balanced that it'd take an article in itself to explain them fully , but for all its richness and complexity , it 's a system that takes only minutes of practice to mentally snap together , and all your remaining hours of the day to happily master .
If you have any proclivity toward brainy puzzling , do not hesitate to pick this up : it 's got all the trappings of being one of the handheld 's underdog classics .
Noby Noby Boy [ Namco , PS3 ]
Those that said that Noby Noby Boy — the Katamari Damacy follow - up from creator Keita Takahashi — had no point themselves missed the point .
While it 's true that the design of each individual play session is as lackadaisical and boundless as the BOY himself , its overarching goal is an achievement in itself as gaming 's most massive massively - multiplayer undertaking .
Underneath the surface is a story of , ideally , countless BOYs ( as of this writing we 're just ten players shy of 100,000 ) all vying to impress the universe's only GIRL by doing the only thing they were put on Earth to do : swallow and stretch their coiled bodies as far as they can .
By converting those impressive and hard - earned meters into the love that propels her own body further into the solar system , in real - time , she unlocks the planets she reaches for all the players in the world .
So , yes , there is a goal , and there is an end - game , which we 'll only see if and when our PlayStation 3s ( or , very soon , iPhones ) are still functioning in the time it takes to push her the remaining ponderous distance from Jupiter to Pluto .
Is it a willfully and near - recklessly devised design , particularly for thrusting hugely delayed gratification on a generation of players accustomed to instant / constant feedback and reward ?
Absolutely , and that 's exactly what makes it one of the year 's best .
Plants Vs. Zombies [ PopCap , PC / Mac ]
It would be easy , and cynical — and more importantly , wrong — to assume that casual powerhouse PopCap simply rode the crest of tower - defense and zombie - lust that defined much of gaming in 2009 .
Instead , it appears to have brilliantly anticipated it , having started and been in production nearly two years ahead , and could be instead seen as instrumental in propelling both memes into wider consciousness .
Going viral by nature of its basic premise alone , and then again by Laura Shigihara 's perfectly ludicrous music video , it would have been disastrous if the resulting game could n't fulfill expectations .
Thankfully , it did , giving the tower defense genre a much - needed shot in the arm of accessibility without uprooting the core entirely , and the imminent move to iPhone — letting us finally take the game away from our desktops — is still one of our most anticipated .
Retro Game Challenge [ Namco , DS ]
Publisher XSEED had an unenviable task on their hands in bringing Retro Game Challenge to the West : taking a game that 's inextricably derived from Japan 's best games - related TV show that the rest of the world has never seen ( Game Center CX ) , and is soaked through with references to Famicom nostalgia rather than the U.S. 's own NES nostalgia , and somehow making it relevant to us .
So we 'll forgive them in going a half - step too far in shoe - horning in the 80s of Max Headroom and Valley Girl , and for working in 90s era U.S. game magazine references that flew over the heads of all but about ten people outside journalist - circles , because in the end none of that really mattered .
Well , the nostalgia does , because that 's precisely what Retro Game Challenge is a game about : that once - every - three - months - a - new - game past of our collective youth , that afterschool poring over cheat codes past , a time when developers were inventing genres as often as games themselves .
Challenge is at heart a collection of remade early - days NES classics that never were , and your task ( as goes the title ) is to work your way through a series of prescribed challenges in each , whether it be finding hidden warps or defeating RPG bosses , and it manages to perfectly evoke that nostalgia that we thought only emulators could manage to do these days .
The sad news is that even as one of the year 's most original and rewarding games — a game that overtly celebrated the games culture that made up its target audience — sales do n't seem to have been up to snuff for the publisher to consider Westernizing the Japanese sequel , leaving a whole other legacy of first - gen Game Boy and 16 - bit era " classics " behind .
Rhythm Heaven [ Nintendo , DS ]
Rhythm
Heaven probably wo n't be showing up on near as many 2009 lists as it should , not because it 's not brilliant — it is — but because it took so long for Nintendo to finally bring it to the West that it feels like ancient history ( in digital years , obviously ) to its core supporters who had imported and impotently raved about it long before .
Heaven 's the truest example of a music game that 's purely about rhythm , and not just about Simon Says - ing patterns or following bars down your screen to the tune of your dad 's favorite classic rock .
It 's about rhythm as an unbroken line , or ( at its best ) an unbroken agreement between performers , about teaching and keeping steady tempo .
It 's also one of the year 's funniest , and desperately deserves some December love , if nothing else than to prove to Nintendo that a game this non-traditional can still find a wide , appreciative audience .
Rock Band : Unplugged [ Harmonix / Backbone , PSP ]
Though clearly overshadowed by its big console brothers and their new friends The Beatles , Unplugged — and to a slightly lesser degree the DS version of Lego Rock Band — were semi-shoutouts to the fans that made developer Harmonix the stadium - supergroup headliners they are today .
Take away its hard rock ' performance ' and replace it with looping techno rave - up ambiance and you 're right back where the developer began : flipping back and forth through lanes of sound , trying to keep each alive in sequence to make the parts a whole song , just as they pioneered in their PS2 originals Frequency and Amplitude .
You did n't need to know this , and you do n't need to care , for Unplugged to work its magic : you just need the willingness to escape into music without the fake plastic mediator in between .
Recent news that Harmonix would no longer be converting its massive library of original recordings for Unplugged DLC stung fractionally harder than the bait and switch of offering only a five - song Lite version as the PSPGo's pack - in , with still no full download available on the PlayStation Network ( which has to be down to digital publishing rights for particular bands and not willful neglect , right ? ) , but for those still clinging to Sony 's UMD - laden past , this is one of the UMDs most worth clinging to .
Scribblenauts [ 5TH Cell , DS ]
Alongside Plants Vs. Zombies , Scribblenauts was the game that carried itself best throughout the year on a tidal wave of viral acclaim solely for its premise alone .
But what a premise that was : it promised to let players conjure essentially any object imaginable — krakens , keyboard cats , Gods , time - traveling robot - zombie - smashing T - rexes — to solve puzzles via the furthest - most outer - reaches of our imaginations .
Did it work ?
Errr… yeah , I mean , mostly : developer 5TH Cell will be ( and overtly has been ) the first to acknowledge that its very touchy touch - based controls could have used some refinement .
But even more surprising ( for me , anyway ) , was in just how limited my own imagination was when it came time to put it to the test .
Need to rescue a cat off a roof , or wave away an angry bee ?
Much to my disappointment , I found I was just as apt to use , you know , a ladder and a bit of bug repellent , rather than any flights of fantastical fancy .
But its essential magic — even if that ' magic ' was simply the fortitude to sprite - sketch their way through untold reams of dictionary entries — remained untouched , and it 's still a thrill to try and stump the system and learn that they 've got you covered .
Shadow Complex [ Chair , Xbox 360 ]
Shadow Complex was the best retro revival this year that had no predecessor of its own .
For once , it was n't lazy to give the game the comparative nod back to Super Metroid : it was unabashedly right there in front of you , in its color coded barriers , in lead character Jason Flemming 's tight crawls through narrow passages ( here just crouched , rather than rolled into a morph ball ) , straight down to a ' Justin Bailey ' referencing achievement .
And yet even the ones most prone to cry foul — to call the game out for taking some of Japan 's best classic design and running it through a Western mill until its plot and characters were offenders of the worst nameless , faceless , bottom - shelf would - be Tom Clancy degree — had to admit : fair enough to that , but the game turned out completely wicked .
Harnessing the full power of Epic's Unreal Engine 3 for charmingly / ironically yester - year ends , this was exactly where we thought our 16 - bit games were headed at the time : recycled but beloved design with drastically improved fidelity .
We were wrong then , of course , but Shadow Complex proved maybe we should n't have been .
Uncharted 2 [ Naughty Dog , PS3 ]
My pithy one - liner to encapsulate Naughty Dog 's blockbuster adventure ?
It 's the finest rollercoaster of the year that makes you climb off the train and rebuild the engine at the bottom of every hill .
Uncharted 2 easily managed to outshine the rest of the year 's big - budget bids and managed to make a true believer even out of me , even if what it did best — giving you some of the most hyper - vivid , lush and gargantuan ancient ruins and relics any developer has offered to let you explore — was punctuated by over - technical firefights with your constant trigger - happy pursuers .
That 's not to say the shootouts did n't work well on their own — they are , probably , some of gaming 's most realistically modeled , with every unwilling and amateur participant pressed firm against or dancing between cover and skittishly hazarding the occasional shot — but the frequent breaks to dispatch another round of guards felt at times at odds against the relentlessly cinematic flow of the exploration .
In the end , you pressed through , though — you had to — guided by the promise of an even greater cliff - hanging thrill than the one you just narrowly scraped through , and the game never left that promise unfulfilled .
Just next time , please , Naughty Dog : less of the shoot - shoot - bang - bang and more of the clamber - climb - marvel - amaze .
' Untitled ' from the series ' Play ' ( Toy Room ) C - Print 20 x 25 inches
The games we play as children are rehearsals for the roles we play in life .
Traditional toys for girls nurture homemaker stereotypes , simulating traditional domestic roles through play .
In these photographs , I am exploring the possibility of the same staging taking place with the prolific , but publicly hidden occupation of prostitution .
By constructing these scenes in miniature , I project representations of the sex industry onto the medium of the conventional dollhouse .
As polar opposites , the homemaker and the sex worker are highly constructed and restrictive roles , the most deeply - rooted myths of the feminine .
Pieced together from many sources of representation these constructed spaces can be peered - into and examined .
The Atacama Desert is located in northern Chile and reaches a small part of southern Peru ( South America ) , climbing up to 3,200 m ( 10,670 ft ) altitude on an area of 181,300 square km ( 72,500 square mi ) .
It spreads like a rather narrow stretch between the Pacific Ocean and the Andes mountains over a distance of 960 km ( 600 mi ) off the both sides of the Tropic of Capricorn , presenting strong contrasts : stony hills , volcanic rocks and sand dunes .
A high pressure cell over the Pacific keep back moisture from the west , while the mountains block clouds formed in the Amazon Basin from the east .
On the coast , the cold water Peru Current coming from Antarctica chills the desert air , further inhibiting the rain clouds .
The average annual rainfall is about one inch ( 25 mm ) and in some mid-deserts spots , rain has never been recorded , at least as long as humans have measured it .
Not even cacti grow there .
The air is so dry that metal objects never oxidize and the meat left for long on open air preserves for unlimited time .
Without moisture nothing rots .
It is so arid , that mountains that reach as high as 6,885 metres ( 22,590 feet ) lack glaciers and , in the southern part from 25 ? S to 27? S , have possibly been glacier - free throughout the Ice Age .
Travellers relate that during summer the drought is so severe that hair and beard crumble and fall and the nails chap .
Near the sea a dense fog called camanchaca flows thick .
When the stable high - pressure cell offshore traps cool ocean air against the hillsides , the air condenses into low - lying clouds , the camanchaca .
The chamanchaca is not wet enough to produce rainfall but does provide for an opportunistic ecosystem high above the shore : moss - covered cacti , shrubs , certain rodents and foxes .
Curiously , but in Atacama there are about 1 million people living in coastal cities , mining settlements , fishing villages and oasis towns .
People even make agriculture in Atacama , using the water of the aquifers , which are fuelled by snowmelt from the Andes .
The main richness of Atacama was represented by the enormous deposits of Chile saltpeter ( sodium nitrate ) , unique in the world ( in the ancient Egypt , saltpeter was used for embalming the mummies ) .
Now , in Atacama copper , silver , gold and iron are mined .
The name of this desert seems to come from the native Atacama Indians , who still inhabit the area .
Another thing : Atacama harbors one of the largest astronomic observatories , the Very Large Telescope , as here is one of the clearest skies on Earth to look at the stars .
The Center for Public Integrity and The Washington Post collaborated nicely on a report detailing problems at Ginnie Mae .
Please consider Mortgage agency 's growth gives fuel to risky lenders .
The trouble signs surrounding Lend America had been building for years .
A top executive was convicted of mortgage fraud but still helped run the company .
Home loans made by its headquarters were defaulting at an extremely high rate .
Federal prosecutors alleged in a civil suit that the company falsified loan documents and committed fraud .
Yet despite these red flags the Government National Mortgage Association , known as Ginnie Mae , authorized the firm to bundle its mortgages into securities and sell them to investors around the world -- all backed by U.S. taxpayer money .
Lend America is hardly the only lender with a troubled record that Ginnie Mae has endorsed .
The agency has provided taxpayer backing to at least 36 other mortgage companies with a history of reckless lending , fines or other sanctions by state and federal regulators or civil lawsuits , according to an analysis of government records , court documents and statistics in a HUD database .
" Ginnie is like an accelerant to a fire , " said Anthony Sanders , professor of real estate finance at George Mason University .
HUD Inspector General Kenneth Donohue said Ginnie Mae is too accommodating of problem lenders , adding that the agency has put its highest priority on ensuring that money is pumped into the mortgage market .
" Ginnie Mae is in the business of trying to bring in business , " he said .
Lenders with spotty histories and poor financial health have sold nearly $ 100 billion in loans packaged into Ginnie Mae- guaranteed securities in the past two years , according to calculations based on data provided by Inside Mortgage Finance , a trade publication .
Sixteen mortgage lenders endorsed by Ginnie Mae have been cited by various federal regulators for unsafe banking practices , insufficient capital or other violations .
Thirteen firms have been fined , sanctioned or ordered by HUD auditors to cover the cost of bad loans .
Eight firms have FHA loan portfolios that are defaulting at double the rate of their principal competitors , which can be grounds for suspension from the FHA program .
Another eight companies have FHA default rates more than 50 percent higher than the average in their area .
In November , Ginnie Mae 's outside auditor reported a " significant deficiency " in Ginnie 's internal controls :
The agency could not adequately track whether loans sold to investors had been insured by the FHA and therefore met government requirements .
The auditors noted they first identified the problem in 2007 .
When Lend America , based on Long Island , N.Y. , was approved as a Ginnie Mae issuer in June 2008 , there were already reasons for caution .
HUD 's database shows that nine months before that approval was granted , FHA loans made by one of the firm 's branches had a default rate far higher than is deemed acceptable by the FHA .
The company 's chief business strategist , Michael Ashley , had been convicted of fraud , including for falsifying loan applications , and been subject to multiple investigations into his business practices .
Yet for the past 18 months , nearly all of Lend America 's 6,500 new loans have been turned into Ginnie Mae securities , giving the company additional cash flow and putting taxpayers at risk .
A spokesman for Lend America said neither the company nor Ashley would respond to questions for this report .
Ginnie Mae has stood on the sidelines as the Justice Department -- and , at times , HUD itself -- tried to crack down on the company 's business practices .
Last week , federal officials removed Lend America from the FHA program altogether , shutting down the firm 's government - backed lending .
That triggered an immediate suspension of the company by Ginnie Mae .
Ginnie Mae is in the business of trying to bring in business
Some genes are only passed down by the sperm
Men carry the seeds of their own destruction in the genes present in their sperm , research suggests .
Scientists working on mice have highlighted a specific gene that , although carried by both sexes , appears to be active only in males .
They believe it allows males to grow bigger bodies - but at the expense of their longevity .
The study , by Tokyo University of Agriculture , appears in the journal Human Reproduction .
These are interesting findings but any sex differences in longevity may have more complex explanations than any single gene
Professor Kay - Tee Khaw
University of Cambridge
Although the study was conducted on mice , the researchers believe it could apply to all mammals - including humans .
They studied mice created with genetic material from two mothers , but no father .
This was achieved by manipulating DNA in mouse eggs so the genes behaved like those in sperm .
The altered genetic material was implanted into the eggs of adult female mice to create embryos .
The resulting offspring , completely free of any genetic material inherited from a male , lived on average a third longer than mice with a normal genetic inheritance .
Better immune function
The mice with two mothers were significantly lighter and smaller at birth .
But they appeared to have better functioning immune systems .
The researchers believe the key is a gene called Rasgrf1 .
One copy of the gene is passed down from both parents , but only the version inherited from fathers is active - the version inherited from mothers is effectively silenced in a process known as imprinting .
Lead researcher Professor Tomohiro Kono said : " We have known for some time that women tend to live longer than men in almost all countries worldwide , and that these sex- related differences in longevity also occur in many other mammalian species .
" However , the reason for this difference was unclear and , in particular , it was not known whether longevity in mammals was controlled by the genome composition of only one or both parents .
" Our results suggested sex differences in longevity originating at the genome level , implying that the sperm genome has a detrimental effect on longevity in mammals .
" The study may give an answer to the fundamental questions : that is , whether longevity in mammals is controlled by the genome composition of only one or both parents , and just maybe , why women are at an advantage over men with regard to lifespan . "
In the UK the average lifespan for men is 77.4 and for women 81.6 .
The researchers said in nature males tended to concentrate resources on building a large body , because strength and bulk help them fight for mating opportunities with females .
In contrast , females tended to conserve energy for breeding and providing for their offspring .
Dr Allan Pacey , an expert in reproduction at the University of Sheffield , said : " The results of this study are intriguing , and this is a topic that clearly needs further investigation .
" However , I would resist the temptation to fantasise about whether this may one day to a medical treatment to extend life through gene manipulation .
" I think humans have a good innings on the whole and we should try and be content with that . "
Professor Kay - Tee Khaw , an expert in ageing at the University of Cambridge , said the findings were not necessarily applicable to humans .
She said : " These are interesting findings but I think any sex differences in longevity - which in humans have changed over time and differ in different environments - may have more complex explanations than any single gene . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BERLIN  European regulators dropped their antitrust case against Microsoft on Wednesday after the software maker agreed to offer consumers a choice of rival Web browsers .
The move ended a decade of legal strife that cost the world 's top maker of software 1.67 billion euros in fines and penalties and forced it to alter the way it did business in Europe .
The agreement , announced in Brussels by the European competition commissioner , Neelie Kroes , calls for Microsoft to give users of its Windows operating system a choice of 11 browsers that compete with its Internet Explorer , made by companies like Apple , Google and Mozilla .
The five - year deal is an unprecedented concession for a company that , since its founding by Bill Gates and his partners in 1975 , had largely defined , exploited and defended the advantages and rights of proprietary , commercial software .
When Microsoft first entered the cross hairs of European regulators in 1998 for including its media player with Windows , which operates 90 percent of the computers around the world , and for its use of confidential coding to favor its desktop and server software , the company fought back with legal guns blazing .
Engineers are working to restore NASA ’s two Mars orbiters , Mars Odyssey ( shown ) and Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , to normal operation ( Illustration : NASA / JPL )
Update : Mars Odyssey successfully relayed information from the Mars rover Spirit on 3 December , and was slated to resume science operations on 4 December .
The Red Planet is experiencing a partial radio blackout this week , as both of NASA ’s Mars orbiters have been felled by technical glitches .
Until one of the probes can be brought back online later this week , the outages will delay operation of the twin Mars rovers , which use the orbiters to efficiently relay data back to Earth .
The main blow to rover operations comes from NASA ’s Mars Odyssey , which reached the Red Planet in 2001 and has been the prime communications relay for the rovers Spirit and Opportunity since they landed in 2004 .
Odyssey has been down since 28 November , when its computers registered a memory error and sent the spacecraft into “ safe mode ” , which minimises spacecraft operations .
Advertisement
Odyssey ’s most natural communications backup , NASA ’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) , has been kept on standby since August , when the spacecraft spontaneously rebooted for the fourth time this year .
Fast connection
The solar - powered Mars rovers can communicate with antennas on Earth directly , but the orbiters can relay information from the rovers to Earth at more than 10 times that speed , using a fraction of the energy .
The outages could delay attempts to free the Spirit rover from a sand pit that has been its home for more than six months ( see Mars rover battles for its life ) .
The rover team has been given until at least February to extricate Spirit .
“ The rovers are safe .
However , future activities are likely delayed , roughly on a day - for - day basis until Odyssey returns to relay operations , ” says John Callas , the rover programme manager at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , California .
Unknown trigger
The causes of Odyssey ’s and MRO ’s technical problems are not yet clear .
Odyssey has experienced similar memory glitches in the past , and such events are not considered a big problem for the spacecraft , as they occur infrequently and there is a known recovery procedure , says Jeffrey Plaut , Mars Odyssey project scientist at JPL .
“ [ The glitch ] causes a kind of a freeze - up .
It ’s similar to something that might happen to your laptop , ” Plaut says .
“ In order to clear it , you reboot the computer . ”
Odyssey is now steering itself again so that it can keep its instruments pointed at Mars .
But it will be at least several days before regular science operations and communications with the Mars rovers will begin .
“ We expect to be completely back on our feet by the end of the week , ” Plaut told New Scientist .
Total amnesia
Restoring MRO may take bit longer , as engineers work to update the spacecraft ’s memory to prevent a potentially catastrophic error .
MRO has been kept in suspended animation since 26 August , when the spacecraft rebooted itself .
An investigation into that reboot as well as the three others MRO performed in 2009 revealed a potential problem : if the spacecraft ’s two sides rebooted within a minute of one another , MRO would lose all memory of being in orbit around Mars .
“ It would believe it was at the stage of the mission when it was awaiting launch , ” says NASA spokesperson Guy Webster of JPL .
To prevent irreversible amnesia , engineers have planned to begin uploading a set of revised data files to the spacecraft on Tuesday .
The files will rewrite MRO ’s default memory , so that it will know that it is in orbit if it experiences back - to - back reboots .
The process is set to take a week , and it will take longer before the spacecraft is fully restored , Webster says .
A third spacecraft , the European Space Agency ’s Mars Express has occasionally acted as a communications relay for the Mars rovers .
Unlike MRO and Odyssey , which take near - circular paths around the planet ’s poles , Mars Express has a highly elongated orbit .
This typically reduces the rate by which it can relay data by a factor of four , Callas says .
Celluloid Heroes : My Favorite Posters of the Decade
With all the different ways that studios can market a movie these days , it ’s nice to see that movie posters have n’t completely fallen by the wayside .
Sometimes , a single image can make or break my interest in a film , and though trailers speak louder than posters , it certainly helps when you ’ve got a kick - ass one to display in movie theaters .
As part of our look back at the movies of the 2000s , here are some of my favorite posters from the last decade .
You ’ll probably notice that a good percentage of them come from the last two years , and while that may be representative of studios having to be more creative than ever , I think it ’s more just a result of my constantly evolving taste .
“ Antichrist ” ( 2009 )
Lars von
Trier ’s latest film has been stirring up controversy ever since its premiere at the Cannes Film Festival earlier this year .
I still have n’t seen it myself ( and I ’m guessing I ’ll probably hate it when I do ) , but this poster is great nonetheless .
It ’s both beautiful and ugly in its marriage of eroticism and nature , and the chaotic lettering crudely written across the image gives you a pretty good idea that you ’re not about to see just any ordinary film .
“ Cold Souls ” ( 2009 )
Paul Giamatti has a great face , so it only makes this Matryoshka doll concept that much more interesting .
When viewed in context of the movie ’s plot – about a suffering artist ( Giamatti playing a fictional version of himself à la “ Being John Malkovich ” ) who stores his soul for safe keeping – it also says everything without really saying anything at all .
“ Grace ” ( 2009 )
In terms of sheer grotesqueness , the indie horror film , “ Grace , ” takes the cake for its simplistic blood - in - a - baby - bottle .
The fly perched on top is also a nice touch .
Still , there ’s something quite alluring about the image in that it does n’t so much make you sick ( like the posters for Eli Roth ’s “ Hostel : Part II ” ) as it does curious about the movie .
“ Moon ” ( 2009 )
There ’s certainly not a lot going on in the official poster to Duncan Jones ’ directorial debut , but it mimics the quiet tone of the film perfectly .
That trippy stereoscopic sphere stationed behind Sam Rockwell steals my attention every time , and that ’s all you can really ask for from a poster .
“ Burn After Reading ” ( 2008 )
This is a fun homage to Saul Bass posters like “ The Man With the Golden Arm ” and “ Anatomy of a Murder . ”
There ’s nothing else much to say , but if you ’re a fan of the man ’s classic title sequences , then chances are you ’ll love this nostalgic poster .
“ Choke ” ( 2008 )
If you ’ve read the Chuck Palahniuk book or seen the movie , then you ’ll probably understand the comedy behind this poster .
Not only is it a literal interpretation of the lead character ’s proclivity of choking on food for money , but it ’s also a fun play on his addiction to sex .
After all , if anything ’s going to kill you , it will probably be a woman .
“ Hell Ride ” ( 2008 )
The movie may not have been as good as the poster suggests ( not to mention Quentin Tarantino ’s name proudly paraded above the title ) , but whoever created it did a wonderful job carrying over the grindhouse aesthetics of the film .
It might not be a Tarantino picture , but this is what every one of his posters should look like .
“ The Strangers ” ( 2008 )
For a movie that features very little gore , the poster for Bryan Bertino ’s “ The Strangers ” makes it look brutally violent .
Again , the grindhouse look ( from the mustard yellow backdrop to the scratches and ring stain ) works in favor of the film ’s 70s - inspired tone .
“ The Wackness ” ( 2008 )
This was n’t the official poster for the film , but it ’s more effective than the generic one that was eventually released .
Simple in theory , the oversized mix tape is probably one of the more unique posters I ’ve seen in a while .
“ Good Luck Chuck ” ( 2007 )
I know , I know – the movie was complete garbage , but you ’d be lying if you did n’t say this poster made you want to see the film .
Jessica Alba is quite possibly one of the hottest women in Hollywood and that melting ice cream only helps her case .
“ Brick ” ( 2006 )
One of my favorite movies of the decade , this variant poster for “ Brick ” takes an essential scene from the movie and transforms it into a hauntingly beautiful piece of art .
For some reason , the color of the bracelet has been changed , but it still works .
“ Hard Candy ” ( 2006 )
If I was forced to choose , the poster to David Slade ’s “ Hard Candy ” would probably be my absolute favorite .
I love the Little Red Riding imagery and the giant bear trap surrounding her .
Of course , when you ’ve seen the movie , it only makes the concept that much more entertaining .
“ Sideways ” ( 2004 )
As you ’ve probably noticed with many of my selections , I ’m a big believer that less is more .
The bright green background and cartoony pencil sketch that makes up the poster for “ Sideways ” might not look like much , but it definitely sticks in your head long after you ’ve seen it .
It ’s also a far better book cover for Rex Pickett ’s novel .
“ The Rules of Attraction ” ( 2002 )
There ’s not much to say about this one .
If you ’re not laughing , then you do n’t have the same sense of humor as me .
Bret Easton Ellis would be proud .
( CNN ) -- Scientists witnessed the eruption of the deepest underwater volcano and caught the entire event on film for the first time -- complete with molten lava and sulfur smoke clouds .
The volcanic eruption was filmed by a U.S. robotic submarine more than 1.2 kilometers ( 4,000 feet ) below the surface of the Pacific Ocean near Samoa during an expedition in May this year .
" It was an underwater Fourth of July -- a spectacular display of fireworks , Pacific Marine Environmental scientist Bob Embley said .
" Since the water pressure at that depth suppresses the violence of the volcano 's explosions , we could get the underwater robot within feet of the active eruption .
" On land , or even in shallow water , you could never hope to get this close and see such great detail . "
The eruptive area was 1.8 meters across and about 91 meters along the summit .
Scientists have been trying for 25 years to witness an underwater volcanic eruption , but this is the first time it has ever been caught on film .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) and the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) funded the scientists in the hopes of shedding new light on how the Earth 's crust was formed and how tectonic plates collide .
While near the volcano , the robotic submarine also collected fluid samples .
" For the first time we have been able to examine , up close , the way ocean islands and submarine volcanoes are born , " Barbara Ransom , program director in NSF 's Division of Ocean Sciences said .
" The unusual primitive compositions of the West Mata eruption lavas have much to tell us . "
The West Mata volcano is one of the most active underwater volcanos and scientists believe it produces some of hottest lava erupting on Earth .
The volcano is roughly 6 kilometers wide and more than 3 kilometers underwater .
The footage of the underwater explosion comes at a perilous time for residents in the Philippines who are facing the imminent eruption of the nation 's most active volcano above ground .
More than 35,000 people have already been evacuated from the base of Mount Mayon , 500 kilometers south of the capital Manila , and authorities are attempting to quickly evacuate an additional 7,000 .
Scientists are warning that it is likely the volcano will erupt sometime in the next week .
After Sena chief Bal Thackeray criticised Tendulkar for saying that " Mumbai is for all Indians " , his party 's Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut questioned the veteran batsman 's contribution to Maharashtra in Sena mouthpiece ' Saamna ' .
Comparing Tendulkar and fellow Mumbaikar Sunil Gavaskar , Raut said , " There has been no instance of Sachin extending a helping hand to other Marathi cricketers .
Forget others , he did not even support Vinod Kambli . "
" In contrast , Gavaskar when he captained India , had half the team drawn from Mumbai and Maharashtra .
He gave Test caps to many Marathi players including Suru Naik and Zulphikar Parkar at least for one match , " he said .
Shukla ridiculed the latest attack , saying , " Since Thackeray has restrained himself from writing anything against Sachin Tendulkar , his newspaper 's editor Sanjay Raut , who is also my colleague in Rajya Sabha , has started . "
" I think he should realise that by criticising Tendulkar , he is only harming his own party .
Whatever he says against Tendulkar will reduce his party 's votebank in Maharashtra because no Maharashtrian is liking what they are saying , " he said .
Congress Rajya Sabha MP and BCCI 's Finance Committee chairman Rajeev Shukla ridiculed Shiv Sena 's latest verbal attack on senior batsman Sachin Tendulkar , saying the party was only harming its own image by criticising the revered cricketer .
ALSO READ State - of - the - art swanky T2 opens at Mumbai airport
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
No one has told him that he is about to die .
But unless last - minute pleas for his life prove successful , a Kentish Town taxi driver who suffers from mental illness will be shot dead by the Chinese authorities within 24 hours .
Akmal Shaikh , a 53 - year - old father of five who has been accused of smuggling four kilos of heroin into China 's western Xinjiang province in 2007 , could become the first Briton to be executed in China in modern times , and the first EU national to face the death penalty there in 50 years .
But he has not been informed that his execution by a bullet to the neck has been scheduled for 10.30 tomorrow morning .
The Chinese government says the information is being withheld on " humanitarian grounds " .
Mr Shaikh 's friends and family say he suffers from bipolar disorder and was too ill to stand trial .
His cousins Soohail and Nasir Shaikh have travelled to China to try and deliver pleas for mercy to President Hu Jintao .
But so far those pleas have fallen on deaf ears .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In his petition , his cousin Mr Soohail says : " We plead for his life , asking that a full mental health evaluation be conducted to assess the impact of his mental illness , and that recognition be made that he is not as culpable as those who might , under Chinese law , be eligible for the death penalty . "
Clive Stafford Smith , the director of the human rights charity Reprieve , has petitioned for his pardon , amid fears that Beijing is aggrieved by the international reaction to its stance at the Copenhagen climate talks – in particular that of Britain , which blamed China for the failure of the talks when Ed Miliband said it had " hijacked " discussions .
" I like to think the Chinese will show compassion but I do n't know , " Mr Stafford Smith said yesterday .
" I think on one level China is aggravated by what happened at Copenhagen , but I hope it wo n't hold that against him . "
China executes more people than all other countries put together but rarely executes Westerners .
The Foreign Office says it has pressed hard for his release .
Over the last six months , the UK has forcibly raised the case with senior Chinese officials 10 times to no effect .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown and the actor Stephen Fry are among many who have tried to intercede .
One of the key pieces of evidence in favour of the argument that Mr Shaikh is a sadly deluded figure , is a pop song he recorded called " Come Little Rabbit " .
Reprieve released the song in the hope that it would help convince the Chinese judiciary of his fragile mental state and halt his execution .
Before he left for China , Mr Shaikh recorded the song , which he was convinced would bring peace to the world .
Among other possibly delusional moves , Mr Shaikh wrote emails to US and British officials calling himself a millionaire and a messiah .
He moved to Poland several years ago , where he intended to set up an airline , which he was in no position to do .
While in Warsaw , he wrote the song with a man named Carlos , who said he knew a producer in Kyrgyzstan who could help .
Mr Shaikh had no experience of singing in public before he headed to China , and campaigners say he was tricked into carrying the suitcase in Kyrgyzstan by the " producer " , who was working for a criminal gang for whom he unwittingly carried drugs .
The UN special rapporteur on summary executions , Philip Alston , has condemned Beijing 's stance .
Insisting that there are " strong indications " Mr Shaikh suffers from mental illness , he called the prospective death penalty " a major step backwards for China " .
Mr Shaikh 's brother Akbar has written to the Chinese ambassador in London invoking the suffering of his mother .
" She is a frail woman , " he wrote , " and our family have not been able to break the news to her that she may lose her youngest child next week . "
Working against Mr Shaikh are his insistence on holding his own defence , and his insistence during his trial that neither he nor his family have a history of mental illness .
Witnesses say that his testimony was at times so absurd that even the judges were laughing .
The Chinese government says Mr Shaikh 's conviction was carried out according to the country 's laws .
" Drug smuggling is a grave crime in international practice .
During the entire process , the litigation rights and the relevant rights and interests of the defendant were fully respected and guaranteed .
China has offered prompt consular information to the UK and arranged consular visits , " said Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu .
This was written by Frau Sally Benz and originally published at Feministe .
Earlier this week , GRITtv posted an interview with a woman from RAWA , the Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan .
I wanted to post the video for you all to watch and just say a few things that came to mind as I was watching .
For those who ca n’t watch the video , here ’s a quick summary : Zoya ( that ’s not her real name ) talks about how RAWA predicted that the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan would fail .
They believed there were “ less bloody alternatives , ” starting by not working with the Northern Alliance terrorist group .
She stresses that what is touted as success in the U.S. ( opening schools , banning the burka ) , does not have a significant impact in Afghanistan .
She says that this all goes back to the 1980s when the U.S. first supported these groups and that the mistakes are being repeated .
The situation for women in particular ( rape , domestic violence , child marriage , etc. ) has gotten worse under U.S. control .
RAWA is in favor of U.S. withdrawal , but Zoya says that we can help their society by urging our officials to get out .
She ends by saying , “ if you cannot help us , leave us .
But if you want to help us , [ … ] take all these fundamentalist viruses that United States government created for Afghanistan . ”
( If anybody has a transcript for this video or would like to draft one up , please let me know and I ’ll link to it . )
The first thing you ’ll notice is that Zoya uses a pseudonym and has her face blurred out .
We do n’t need to get into why that ’s necessary , right ?
Speaking out as a woman in Afghanistan , I think it ’s great that she ’s even on a speaking tour .
What struck me after seeing this video is how different her message is compared to something I read earlier this week about women ’s groups in Afghanistan wanting long - term U.S. presence .
That article compared to this video paint two very different pictures about what life is like for women in Afghanistan .
I think some of it might be as simple as which women they are talking about .
Zoya says in the video that we ca n’t just talk about one or two areas , but all of the provinces as a whole .
If the situation improves drastically in a few areas but worsens just as drastically , if not more so , in several others , then can it really be viewed as a success ?
But what I really want to focus on is how either way , it all comes back to women .
One group says the U.S. must stay in order to help women .
Another group says the U.S. must leave in order to help women and the country as a whole .
No matter what , Afghan women are being used as a political bargaining chip .
I do n’t know about you , but the loudest voice I often hear is the one saying that the U.S. has to stay in order to help these women .
So what message is that sending ?
Think of the ammunition that is giving those who are against the war .
Now they get to be against the war and resentful towards Afghan women since these women are being portrayed as a primary reason for the troops to stay .
We all know how this ends , though : Women lose either way .
As a UX designer , I am passionate about applying user - centred design to any problem .
Working in a human - centric profession has helped me grow deep empathy for people and it has become the base for my design process .
I am good at identifying challenges , opportunities and designing solutions , helping creative and technical teams work together .
I love the simplicity and therefore try to keep things simple even in complex workflows .
In nutshell , I help create user - focused experiences resulting in happier customers and higher sales .
I have good experience in creating solutions across a range of verticals , including telecom , travel , technology , healthcare , fin-tech , telecom , financial services and publishing .
Steele gets heated over ' you people '
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele got into a heated exchange Wednesday morning with the cast of MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe . ”
It started with CNBC commentator Donny Deutsch , who pointedly asked Steele about the GOP ’s criticism of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ’s comments comparing opponents of health care reform to those who tried to block the abolition of slavery .
Advertisement
“ Any great change throughout history , the naysayers say ‘it ’s not time , it ’s not time ? ’
So why is that not a relevant analogy ? ” Deutsch asked .
“ I wo n’t even dignify that with a response , ” Steele said .
“ Next question . ”
Deutsch interjected to say that Reid was “ comparing it to dramatic change , ” and was not suggesting Republicans were equivalent to those who opposed emancipation .
“ Ok , whatever , ” Steele responded .
“ Whatever .
Next question . ”
“ That ’s a great response , ” Deutsch shot back .
“ That ’s an intelligent and brave response . ”
“ It is , as was your question , ” Steele said .
Later , Steele got into it with MSNBC ’s Mike Barnicle who , in discussing health care , asked , “ What are you people for ?
“ You people ? ” Steele asked .
“ Who are you people ? ”
“ The Republicans , what are you for ? ” Barnicle responded .
Laughing , Steele – the first African American chairman of the RNC – said , “ Mike , I just wanted to you define the pronoun baby , that ’s all . ”
“ Oh , come on , ” Barnicle responded .
This article tagged under : Michael Steele
Joe Scarborough
If you can eat bacon for breakfast , lunch , and dinner , why not for dessert ?
Sprinkle some crispy , salty bacon onto sweet maple cupcakes for one incredible treat .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Yields : 18 Cook Time : 0 hours 20 mins Total Time : 0 hours 20 mins
Ingredients Cupcakes 1 1/2 c. all - purpose flour 1 1/2 c. cake flour ( not self - rising ) 1 tbsp .
baking powder 1/2 tsp. salt 2 stick unsalted butter 1 3/4 c. sugar 4 large eggs 2 tbsp . maple extract 1 1/4 c. milk Ganache 2 c. heavy cream 1 lb. semisweet chocolate pinch of salt bacon
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
Directions Cupcakes : Preheat oven to 350 °F .
Line the cupcake pans with your choice of cupcake liners .
Into a medium bowl , sift together flours , baking powder , and salt ; set aside .
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment , beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy , 3 to 4 minutes , scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed .
Beat in eggs , one at a time , then beat in maple extract .
With the mixer on low speed , add the flour mixture in three parts , alternating with the milk and beginning and ending with the flour ; beat until combined after each addition .
Using an ice cream scoop , fill the cupcake liners 2/3 full .
Bake 20 minutes until golden and the tester comes out clean .
( Or until your house smells like pancakes ! )
Ganache :
In a small saucepan over medium - high heat , bring cream to a full boil ; turn off heat .
Add chocolate , and swirl pan to completely cover with cream .
Slowly whisk mixture until smooth .
( To get silky - smooth ganache takes longer to mix than you think ! )
Add salt ; stir until combined .
Transfer to a clean bowl and let chill overnight or until spreadable .
When cupcakes have cooled , spread some ganache on top .
Chill for a minute or two .
While the cupcakes are chilling , cook up some of your favorite bacon however you like it .
( Crunchy and toasted is recommended . )
Chop in pieces , top the cupcakes , and voilà !
Brian Wood
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Your contact center is swamped with customer calls
When all your agents are busy , your customers are left waiting on hold .
Give your customer the option to ' Press 1 ' for a call - back When a call - back request is made , the call is transferred to Fonolo and your customer hangs up .
Fonolo waits on hold so your customer does n't have to Our SaaS solution places a new call to your contact center on behalf of the customer .
Har du redan ett konto ?
Logga in >
Med over 20 års erfaring i Europa er vi nå klar til a utføre alt innen renholdstjenester i Norge .
Med mange erfarne utfører vi alt innen renhold med 100 % GCS garanti .
Vi tilbyr Norges beste priser og kvalitet innen renhold .
Skal det være flyttevask , vask i privat hjem eller renhold innen næringsliv , kontor eller bedrift er intet oppdrag for stor eller liten .
Prøv oss og fin ut hvorfor vi er kåret til renholdsbedriften med mest fornøyde kunder .
Ring oss nå for tilbud og se forskjellen .
This decade has not only brought us the file - sharing technology BitTorrent , but also social networks and social news sites that have really flourished in recent years .
This Christmas , users of Reddit , one of the largest social news sites , decided to start their own BitTorrent tracker .
Social news sites like Reddit carry great influence and the capacity to mobilize thousands of people for causes deemed important by the masses .
A perfect example of the efficiency and speed of Reddit users became apparent a few days ago when a group of Redditors decided that the community should have a private BitTorrent tracker , exclusive to respected Reddit users .
On Christmas day the idea was born and just a few hours later the tracker named ‘ BaconBits ‘ was already up and running , with the first torrents being uploaded by an enthusiastic crowd .
The day after Christmas the number of users who signed up at BaconBits had already exceeded 2000 , and more were coming in nearly every minute .
When the tracker ’s founding member deemed that BaconBits was stable enough , an announcement was made on Reddit under the title “ Sharing is caring : Late Christmas Present , Fresh BitTorrent Tracker For Redditors , ” which was upvoted by nearly a thousand Redditors .
In the announcement the tracker staffers explained that BaconBits is meant to be a private BitTorrent tracker for established Reddit users only .
“ The site will only accept Reddit users who have been signed up for at least 3 months , have at least 100 comment karma , and have at least 1 link Karma , ” they explain .
Reddit users who meet these requirements can send a private message to the user baconbitsinvites on Reddit , and if deemed eligible , will then be invited to join the tracker .
Unlike most other trackers , BaconBits does not have any ratio requirements , instead trusting that the Reddit - sourced community will be sufficiently self - motivated to share .
“ The site does not require a minimum ratio , we trust that most Reddit users will upload as much as possible , ” they say .
Currently the site has more than 1300 torrents being shared by nearly 3500 peers , 3000 of which are seeding .
The swift emergence of the tracker and its democratic nature are not the only surprises .
Ironically , a vote among the site ’s users has resulted in a ban on adult content .
In contrast with the “ no censorship ” stories that often surface on the Reddit frontpage , the community decided to censor itself , much like the Australian democracy did .
The enthusiasm of the people involved in the project is skyrocketing and appears to be highly contagious , with dozens of people contributing to the site ’s overnight success .
That said , the emergence of the tracker came about so rapidly that it may cause problems in the long run .
Talking to some of the staff members , Torrent Freak learned that not all of the people involved fully understand the risks involved with running a BitTorrent tracker .
Some staff members are openly uploading copyrighted files under the same name they use on Reddit , and hosting and payment issues were n’t thought through beforehand .
With operators of other BitTorrent trackers being arrested left and right , a bit more caution might be appropriate here or the ‘ fun ’ will end prematurely .
Nitpicking aside , BaconBits may have set a new trend where social networks and communities form the basis of private BitTorrent trackers .
Niche BitTorrent trackers that specialize in specific types of movies , TV - shows or musical genres have grown significantly throughout 2009 , and community based trackers may become a new niche .
Friday , December 18 , 2009
International media attention has been a harsh mistress for 32 - year - old Heather Richard of Winnipeg , Manitoba , who gave birth on Sunday while sitting on the toilet .
Richard , who believed she was barren and thus assumed she could not be pregnant , thought she was suffering from cramps and a bad bowel movement .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Do you believe it 's possible for a woman to not know she is pregnant until her baby 's birth ?
Add or view comments
" I kept getting the urge to push and just thought it was a real bad bowel movement , " Richard told the Winnipeg Sun , whose interview was picked up by the Canadian wire service .
" It just fell out .
I thought it was my intestines , so I 'm freaking out ... but then it 's a little boy . "
Richard realized that the product was a baby and not her insides when its leg twitched .
Relatives of Richard 's found her hysterically crying and pointing at the toilet .
" She was crying and saying , ' Help me , get my baby out of the toilet , he 's drowning , " Keith Richard , her cousin , told the Sun .
While the rest of the family was immobile by the revelation , police officers knocked on her front door ; she was to be arrested due to outstanding warrants that Richard says have since been cleared .
One officer performed CPR on the baby and it was rushed to the hospital .
The baby , since named Isaiah , weighed five pounds , nine ounces , and suffered a skull fracture , presumably as a result of his head hitting the toilet bowl .
The baby is in stable condition and Richard is recovering from her birth at home .
The incident spread like wildfire in the Canadian and international press on Tuesday and Wednesday .
When asked about the coverage , Richard told the website canoe.ca that she was embarrassed at all the fuss the story generated .
Sources
Is energy independence a realistic policy , or as we are a part of one globally integrated economy , do we need a more relevant global energy strategy that captures the inherent economic and financial vulnerabilities associated with our age of irreversible interdependence ?
During election campaigns , presidential candidates , policy leaders , and pundits pander to both American fears and desires when they demand that the U.S. should pursue “ energy independence ” by eliminating oil imports .
This has been a rallying cry of every President since the 1970s when American domestic production began a steady decline that continues through today .
The following guest essay is by Kevin Kane .
Kevin is a market analyst , economist , Asia political affairs strategist , and Korean language linguist living in Seoul , South Korea .
Perhaps we need to look outside our domestic tunnel vision and broaden our perspectives on energy security .
Seeing the bigger globalization picture will require leaders , starting with President Obama , to refocus the world ’s perspective on energy from the zero-sum national to positive - sum international level .
Essentially , the world needs a global energy strategy .
Global Energy Security
If leaders are serious about energy independence , they will ask the more appropriate energy question , “ How can we create global energy security ? ”
When asking this more relevant question , we can derive many proposals , beginning , but not limited to , the following three general approaches :
(1) First , recognizing that global economic integration creates mutual energy insecurity , President Obama could propose addressing the topic through the G20 , and call for the creation of a global energy security committee tasked to draft a global energy strategy proposal .
(2) Second , this global energy strategy should focus on building cooperation , creating transparency , eliminating barriers to foreign energy investment , eliminating energy trade - related tariffs , advancing liberalization , coordinating R&D , facilitating technology sharing , and managing mutual energy insecurity .
(3) Third and finally , we have to cease “ framing ” energy security as a national goal , and rephrase our terminology to reflect our mutual international energy insecurity .
Our Oil Interdependence
American leaders , and the proposals of many environmental , renewable energy , and oil company lobbyists , individually or collectively , are incapable of “ freeing the U.S. from foreign oil . ”
While the U.S. may benefit from reducing oil imports and increasing investments in offshore drilling , energy efficiency , and oil substitute technology , we must recognize that these efforts do nothing to free the American economy from oil ’s transnational social , economic , and financial linkages .
If one globalization - connected country ’s economy were to experience a supply shortage or an industry - crippling price shock , seemingly distant and unrelated , but economically integrated , countries will feel the effects of these shocks in their own trade and financial sectors .
Thus , in an era of globalization , nations connected to the global economy are mutually vulnerable to the effects of oil price and supply shocks regardless of their independent national energy strategies .
Consider how America ’s subprime mortgage crisis rippled through seemingly unrelated economies across the entire globe , from South Korea to Russia .
We should expect the same economic - linkages to spread the effects of an oil supply or price shock to seemingly energy - independent economies .
American policy leaders need to recognize that eliminating oil imports will not create energy independence .
Leader of the Energy World
As the tip of the globalization spear , American leaders need to think much bigger about how the U.S. will achieve energy security in a world where one nation ’s energy insecurity is another seemingly unrelated nation ’s economic vulnerability .
American leaders have to recognize that the U.S. is only as energy secure as the world ’s least energy - secure globalization - connected economy , which includes nearly every developed and developing country in the world .
Americans pride themselves on being the leaders of the free world .
Perhaps it is about time to lead the world towards universal energy security .
Biography
Kevin Kane is a market analyst , economist , Asia political affairs strategist , and Korean language linguist living in Seoul , South Korea .
Kevin holds a BA in political science from Georgia State University and a Master of International Studies with a concentration in international trade and economics from Seoul National University .
Kevin has seven years of military experience serving in Asia and the U.S. as a leader in project management and government affairs , two years of intensive academic study in energy economics and the oil and gas industry , and three years of cumulative internship , fellowship , and consultant experience working alongside Asia policy strategists and fortune 100 business advisors .
Senate panel approves Bernanke for second term
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke moved a step closer to keeping his job on Thursday as a Senate Banking committee voted to confirm his nomination .
A Senate Banking committee voted 16 - to - 7 to confirm Bernanke for another four - year term running the Federal Reserve .
Most Democrats and several Republicans voted for him .
Digg
Buzz Up !
Email
Print
Bernanke wins confirmation from a Senate banking panel .
" I happen to believe had he and others not acted .
. .at a time of critical importance of our country , we'd be looking at a very , very different and far more dire situation in our nation than is otherwise the case , " said Senate Banking chair Chris Dodd , D - Conn .
President Obama has nominated Bernanke , 56 , to serve another term when his current one expires in January .
Now , the vote on Bernanke moves to the full Senate , where he is expected to win confirmation , although the vote could be delayed .
And as Thursday 's vote shows , it could be close , compared to past confirmations of Fed chairmen .
Four Republicans , including Sen. Robert Bennett of Utah , Sen. Judd Gregg , N.H. , Sen. Bob Corker of Tenn. and Sen. Mike Johanns of Neb. , voted to confirm him .
One Democrat , Sen. Jeff Merkley of Oregon , voted against him .
Bernanke spent several hours answering senators ' questions earlier this month , but did not attend Thursday 's vote .
While many credit Bernanke for saving the economy from falling into the next Great Depression , some in Congress blame the Fed - and Bernanke - for having failed to restrain the housing bubble .
Others say he has gone too far in the financial system bailouts .
But Sen. Richard Shelby , R - Ala. , said the Senate needs to consider Bernanke 's role " leading up to the crisis , " when risky behavior in the markets was the norm under his watch .
" We talk a good game when it comes to accountability but we rarely match our rhetoric with action , " Shelby said .
" I believe we must not only express our disapproval of this nominee , but we should also signal future nominees that we have expectations and that those expectations should be met . "
But Sen. Bob Corker , R - Tenn. , defended Bernanke , saying that all federal regulators " made mistakes " and firing Bernanke would mean " we 'd have to start with a clean slate " with all regulators .
" I think Chairman Bernanke gets up every morning .
I think he tries to do those things that he believes are best for this country .
I believe that , " Corker said .
" I do n't believe he has a political cell in his body . "
It could be a while before Bernanke 's final confirmation goes before the full Senate .
A handful of liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans have placed holds delaying his confirmation , including long - time Bernanke critic Sen. Jim Bunning , R - Ky. , and Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who caucuses with Democrats .
" Ben Bernanke failed on his job , " Sanders said during a Wednesday press conference , reiterating he intended to try to block the confirmation .
" Why would you want to appoint someone to this important position with that kind of track record ? "
The holds mean that Bernanke would need to get at least 60 votes before his confirmation is debated before the full Senate .
Sen .
Dodd signaled he intends to push for a vote sometime between when the Senate returns from the holiday break on Jan. 19 and when Bernanke 's term ends on Jan. 30 .
TIME Magazine named Bernanke its " Person of the Year " earlier this week .
Sen .
Bunning criticized that distinction on Thursday .
" Chairman Bernanke may wonder if he really wants to be honored by an organization that has previously named people like Joseph Stalin twice , Yasser Arafat , Adolf Hitler , the Ayatollah Khomeini , Vladimir Putin , Richard Nixon twice , as their person of the year , " Bunning said .
" But I congratulate him and hope he at least turns out better than most of those people . "
WHEN Matthew VandenBerghe brings home his favorite beers , he does n’t make room for them in the fridge .
He takes them to his beer cellar .
It ’s a pitch - black basement room that stays 54 degrees year round .
Sprayed concrete walls conduct the cool ground temperature while creating a cave - like appearance , and water he has had piped in drips down one side , both adding to the troglodyte effect and keeping the humidity between 60 and 70 percent .
Racks around the ceiling hold a few bottles of wine , but the shelves , which seem carved into the walls , mostly hold hundreds of bottles of beer that ages in the cellar , getting better over time .
“ Every beer in there you could drink a year from now and it would be great , ” said Mr. VandenBerghe , who owns Bottleworks Beer Store and Brouwers Café in Seattle .
“ But I ’m planning to hold some for 20 to 25 years . ”
“ This is my family and it was a free studio session in the back of a grocery store .
The photographer asked if my mom knew how my sister was dressed ( which she did ) before he hesitantly proceeded .
my sister does not dress this way anymore and she completely hates the photos , but i love them ! ! ”
( submitted by Stephanie )
The 18th century was a time of rapid innovation ; in the space of a single year , the two - storey building , the stage play , America , and the rocket launcher were all invented by the same man : Shakespearicles , the strongest writer who ever lived .
Despite his powerful grasp of language and the ability to bench press 700 British pounds , several inventions eluded his iron grip — most tragically among them , stairs .
For the next three hundred years , people who needed to get to the second floor used the only method available to them : shooting a rocket launcher at their feet .
Yes , it was ridiculous , crippling , and awful , but what are you going to do ?
Not go to the second floor ?
That ’s where your bed is .
Luckily , in 1857 , a young bearded inventor named President Abraham Lincoln stumbled upon the answer : stairs .
Unluckily , he never grasped the full import of his own invention , and died attempting to rocket jump up the world ’s first staircase in his laboratory at Ford ’s Theater .
Horrified by this tragedy , mankind agreed never to invent anything again , turning its many scientists and scholars to that most noble endeavor , astrology .
It would not be until 1921 when hotheaded Pisces Franklin D Roosevelt , languishing in a hospital after losing both of his legs in a rocket - jumping accident , stumbled upon Lincoln ’s notes and perfected the modern staircase , freeing people from the tyranny of the second floor as Lincoln intended .
No advancement has been made in the escalation sciences since … until now .
Introducing the Gunboats , secondary - slot boots that reduce rocket jump damage by a huge amount , rendering stairs forever useless .
What is the science behind these miracles of technology ?
Magic , probably .
In conclusion , why are you still reading this ?
These things are live , in the game , right now .
Go go go !
Figures from the National Tidal Centre show sea levels along Western Australia 's coast are rising at a rate double that of the world average .
Global sea levels rise at an average of just more than 3 millimetres a year .
Latest figures show sea levels have risen an average 8.6 millimetres a year off Perth and 8.1 millimetres in the Kimberley .
The Opposition 's spokeswoman for regional development , Alannah MacTiernan says future planning needs to consider rising sea levels .
" Our planning policies have been actually based on the global averages and now that we see from these figures the sea level rise in WA is more than twice that , " she said .
" I think we 've got to take some urgent action .
" We need to look at what we need to do to protect existing housing and infrastructure and what we need to do to prevent development in vulnerable areas . "
President Obama announces Tuesday that he 's ordered 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan .
Obama : ' End this war successfully '
WEST POINT , N.Y . –
In a room full of young Army cadets at the nation ’s oldest military academy Tuesday night , President Barack Obama took ownership of the Afghanistan war .
Obama announced to Americans in a primetime nationally televised address that he has ordered the deployment of 30,000 additional troops to Afghanistan , and he promised to begin to draw down U.S. forces there in July 2011 .
Advertisement
He sought to portray the buildup as the beginning of the end of an eight - year long war , a temporary jolt to rectify a deteriorating situation that threatens Americans ’ safety at home and abroad .
“ We are in Afghanistan to prevent a cancer from once again spreading through that country , ” Obama said .
“ This is the epicenter of the violent extremism practiced by al Qaeda .
It is from here that we were attacked on 9/11 , and it is from here that new attacks are being plotted as I speak .
This is no idle danger ; no hypothetical threat . ”
The first of the troops will begin arriving in Afghanistan by early next year , he said , and the full 30,000 will be on the ground by the summer .
Obama ’s decision increases the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan to about 100,000 at a time when support for the war among Americans , and members of his own party in Congress , has significantly waned .
That sentiment was the subtext of his 40 - minute speech .
As he made his case for an 18 - month , $ 30 billion surge in Afghanistan , he promised he would not set goals that stretch the country beyond its means and interests .
“ That is why our troop commitment in Afghanistan cannot be open - ended – because the nation that I am most interested in building is our own , ” Obama said .
And at times through the speech , the president sounded a defensive note — as when he rebutted allegations that he ’d taken too long to make up his mind on an Afghan strategy .
“ There has never been an option before me that called for troop deployments before 2010 , so there has been no delay or denial of resources necessary for the conduct of the war , ” Obama said .
“ Instead , the review has allowed me ask the hard questions .
. .
Given the stakes involved , I owed the American people – and our troops – no less . ”
The president emphasized the speed with which he ’s sending in fresh forces , saying it is a way to blunt recent Taliban gains and put pressure on the Afghan government to do more to bolster its own police and military forces .
He also took on directly those who compare Afghanistan to Vietnam , saying that ’s a “ false reading of history ” that ignores that the United States ’ efforts in Afghanistan has the support of 43 nations .
And he pointedly referred to his own opposition to the Iraq war as a presidential candidate – a position that helped him springboard to the nomination over Hillary Clinton as a first - term senator .
“ I opposed the war in Iraq precisely because I believe that we must exercise restraint in the use of military force , and always consider the long - term consequences of our actions , ” Obama said , but sought to draw a clear distinction with what he called on a persistent , ongoing threat from extremists inside Afghanistan .
Much as his predecessor , President George W. Bush , often did when rallying the nation to support his war efforts , Obama leaned heavily on 9/11 -- referring six times to the attacks on the homeland .
“ We did not ask for this fight , ” Obama said after one of the references .
He never mentioned Bush by name , but also made clear that he believed he was essentially cleaning up a mess made by the past administration , which he has frequently accused of taking its eyes off Afghanistan to pursue the war in Iraq .
He got in some not - so - subtle digs at Bush , such as when he addressed his comments to the cadets who packed the hall .
“ You volunteered for service during this time of danger , ” Obama said .
“ Some of you fought in Afghanistan .
Some of you will deploy there .
As your commander in chief , I owe you a mission that is clearly defined , and worthy of your service . ”
Yet in many ways , the go - bigger - to - go - home approach is reminiscent of Bush ’s Iraqi “ surge ” in early 2007 and has roughly the same goals for Afghanistan — to beat back a strengthening insurgency , bolster the homegrown government and build up its military and police forces to take over the job from the United States .
Obama ’s announcement , while ending months of deliberations over a new strategy with his top military and White House advisers , raises new questions that the president will have to answer in coming weeks , most chiefly – how he intends to pay for it .
Obama gave no details of how he plans to fund the troop increase , which he estimated would cost an additional $ 30 billion a year .
The Pentagon is preparing a supplemental budget request to pay for the effort , and some anti-war Democrats also are pressing for a quick vote on the funding as a way to test support for Obama ’s plans in Congress .
The president made the case for more troops by saying the future of Afghanistan is not only an American security concern at home , but an international threat .
And to bolster American support for his new strategy , which falls short of the 40,000 troops his commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal wanted , Obama promised increased buy - in from U.S. allies and said he has already won contributions from NATO allies .
“ Now , we must come together to end this war successfully , ” he said .
Obama said he expects the Afghan government to step up its ability to take control of its own country quickly , allowing U.S. forces to exit , by bolstering its own military and police forces .
The president made no explicit reference to allegations of widespread corruption in the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai , but said he expects a partnership in Afghanistan ‘ grounded in mutual respect .
. . .
The days of providing a blank check are over . ”
Obama also touched on his expectations for Pakistan , which the United States has long accused of not doing enough to rout al - Qaida within its borders .
U.S. officials “ have made it clear that we cannot tolerate a safe - haven for terrorists whose location is known , and whose intentions are clear , ” he said .
After the speech , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) said in a statement : “ It is clear that the President ’s deliberative approach to his decision , which allowed him to hear from a wide range of military , civilian and Congressional voices , will strengthen the clarity and focus of our mission . ”
But while Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona said he supports committing more troops to Afghanistan , he said he opposed setting a date for withdrawal .
“ The way that you win wars is to break the enemy ’s will , not to announce dates that you are leaving , ” McCain , Obama ’s opponent in the 2008 election , told reporters .
Obama also faces some stiff resistance to a further troop buildup from fellow Democrats , who question whether the U.S. can still achieve victory in Afghanistan .
Some lawmakers have called for a “ war surtax ” to fund the surge .
The White House has been cool to that idea , and Obama made no reference to it .
But a $ 30 billion pricetag is a difficult sell to Americans .
By sketching out the start of an end - date for U.S. involvement there – something that has not been done since the invasion in 2001 – Obama hopes to ease public concerns about a protracted involvement in the conflict .
The troop increase marks a turning point for Obama .
As a candidate he campaigned strongly on the notion that the Bush administration ignored Afghanistan by focusing on Iraq and , in turn , allowed the Al Qaeda - friendly Taliban to regain ground – ultimately making Americans more safe .
It is a criticism that Bush administration officials , including former Vice President Dick Cheney have strongly rejected .
This was Obama ’s first nationally televised primetime address to the nation .
And by the time he delivered it almost all of the details had been explained to reporters .
But many Americans were hearing of it for the first time , and three hours before Obama stepped to the podium , West Point cadets dressed in their charcoal gray uniforms entered Eisenhower Hall through four security stations , prepared for the long wait with books to read , folders stuffed with papers under their arms and spiral - bound notebooks in their hands .
“ I received the order from him in person , ” said Taneshina Wright of Las Vegas , who specializes in military intelligence and will graduate in May 2010 .
“ He made the decision and it ’s my job to go out there and make it happen . ”
Eamon Javers contributed to this story .
This talk was given by Peter Kriens at Jazoon 2009 .
The value of modularity is proven by nature and was quickly discovered for software as well .
By reducing coupling between the components of an application , applications become more flexible and easier to maintain .
Object Oriented ( OO ) programming took these lessons and applied them to classes by encapsulating their fields .
However , it turns out that OO creates designs that are highly coupled on class level ; the tangled web of objects problem .
This entanglement hinders reuse , complicates maintenance and makes larger applications unnecessary complex .
OSGi has addressed this problem with a specification for strong modularity in Java .
This specification is implemented by a number of open source frameworks like Apache Felix , Eclipse Equinox , and Knopflerfish , as well as a number of proprietary frameworks .
It is today the foundation of Eclipse , Spring , and impressively all major application servers like Websphere , Weblogic , JBoss , SpringSource , and Jonas .
OSGi solves many of the problems .
If there is one thing on which many working mothers agree , it is that their partners do not pull their weight on the domestic front .
But research to be published this week reveals that men are being unfairly accused and working women are advancing the myth of the " useless man " so they can feel more feminine .
" Working women who provide the majority of the household 's income to the family continue to articulate themselves as the ones who ' see ' household messes and needs as a way to retain claims to an element of a traditional feminine identity , " said Dr Rebecca Meisenbach , whose research paper , The Female Breadwinner , will be published this week in the journal Sex Roles .
But Meisenbach said the trend of the female high achiever and the male slacker is a tall story that women tell each other to compensate for the fact that most career - orientated women feel an " overwhelming sense of guilt " over their role and less of a mother and a wife .
" These women are struggling with the intersections of their status as the breadwinner and other gendered societal expectations , " she said .
" By highlighting stories of how men have to be told or asked to do specific chores in the home , these female breadwinners are making sure they still fit gender boundaries of a wife as someone who manages the home and children .
" By directing the housework done by their husbands , they maintain a sense of control over the traditionally feminine sphere of the home , " she added .
" This path of expressing control of and responsibility for both home and paid work may be essential for working mothers to manage competing discourses of ideal worker and intensive mothering . "
Meisenbach questioned 15 female breadwinners on how they felt about their positions in the private domestic sphere and the public work sphere .
She said that her theory was strengthened by the fact that the only women who did not express a strong sense of responsibility for the home were those who did not have children under 18 .
" Women seemed simultaneously to be expressing control and a lack of control over housework , " she said .
" Working mothers face a number of gendered identity tensions , such as the contrast between pressures to live up to ' intensive mothering ' norms and ' ideal worker ' norms simultaneously . "
Although female breadwinners are increasingly common in industrialised societies and challenge traditional western gender norms , little research has focused on them .
Maria Shriver , the wife of Arnold Schwarzenegger , the governor of California , has launched one of the few research papers into the issue .
Last year she was in charge of the release of A Woman 's Nation , which she described as the first national project to " paint the portrait of the modern American woman " since her uncle , John F. Kennedy , gave the former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt the same task in the 1960s .
" For the first time in our nation 's history , women now represent half of all workers and are becoming the primary breadwinners in more families than ever before , " Shriver said , calling it a " seismic shift " in the economic and cultural landscape of America .
The only British report to look explicitly at the issue was published in 2007 by the Future Foundation .
The report found only 14 % of UK homes had a female breadwinner , but the same study predicted that this number would double by 2030 .
The issue , however , is one that society is struggling with .
Although gender expectations for family roles are nothing like as rigid as they once were , an Ipsos MORI poll conducted for the Observer last year found that 30 % of all people – and 32 % of young people – agreed with the statement : " The role of women in society is to be good mothers and wives " .
" Housework represents an interesting juxtaposition of control , " said Meisenbach .
" On one level , women described retaining control over housework – they talked about their partners contributing to domestic chores but almost always in response to being asked or told to do the task by the wife .
" They all gendered their partners ' behaviour with comments like ' He 's a man , they do n't see that there is a mess ' .
And ' My husband 's a guy .
He picks and chooses what chores he does ' .
But by gendering his behaviour , they were also gendering their own as women and mothers , instead of breadwinners . "
Despite the anxiety that female breadwinners described , Meisenbach also found that most actively relished the control and power that their position gave them at home .
" I did n't find female breadwinners deferred their power to their husbands at all , " she said .
" Over 60 % said they enjoyed the control they experienced , explicitly noting how they were happily different from the ' 1950s housewife ' or even from female friends within the traditional gender norms .
• This article was amended on Wednesday 25 November 2009 .
Dr Rebecca Meisenbach questioned 15 female breadwinners on their positions in the private domestic sphere and the public work sphere , not 15,000 as we previously said .
This has been corrected .
THE MURPHY report outlines the church concept of " mental reservation " , which allows churchmen to knowingly mislead people " without being guilty of lying " .
Cardinal Desmond Connell explained the concept to the commission as follows :
" Well , the general teaching about mental reservation is that you are not permitted to tell a lie .
On the other hand , you may be put in a position where you have to answer , and there may be circumstances in which you can use an ambiguous expression realising that the person who you are talking to will accept an untrue version of whatever it may be - permitting that to happen , not willing that it happened , that would be lying . . .
So mental reservation is , in a sense , a way of answering without lying . "
The report cited use of " mental reservation " by church authorities in the cases of Marie Collins and fellow abuse victim Andrew Madden .
In the latter case , Cardinal Connell said he did not lie to the media about whether diocesan funds had been used to compensate abuse victims .
He explained to Andrew Madden he had told journalists " that diocesan funds ARE [ report 's emphasis ] not used for such a purpose ; that he had not said that diocesan funds WERE not used for such a purpose .
By using the present tense he had not excluded the possibility that diocesan funds had been used for such purpose in the past . "
So , I take it you ’ve been doing a bit more scratching lately than you might have liked to ?
Well , either you or your pet have .
If you or your pet have fleas , keep in mind that only around 5 % of the total fleas in your house are actually living ON you or your pet , the rest are living in your house and yard , so if you want to get rid of them that ’s where you ’ll have to concentrate your efforts ( getting fleas off of your person or pet is a relatively easy task of just bathing properly ) .
I ’m going to show the simple
cleaning procedures you need to use to get rid of fleas in your house , and then we ’re going to move on and I ’ll show you how to get rid of fleas outside and how to do so naturally without using chemicals that are potentially dangerous to
you or your pets .
Let ’s get to work :
Cleaning
The first thing you need to start doing is cleaning : you need to get rid of the fleas AND their babies / eggs that are also going to be all over the place .
I ’ve got a great video here to show you exactly what to do but first a few tips :
Your vacuum cleaner is your number one weapon in the war against fleas–if you do n’t have one , or you do n’t have a good one , you ’ll need to beg , borrow , or steal one .
If you ’ve got a yard then you ’re going to have to tackle that , too .
Many of the same treatments used indoors can be used outdoors as well , plus there are products specifically made for outdoor use that I ’ll mention later .
You HAVE to keep up the cleaning regimen for at least a couple of weeks –sorry , but this is n’t a one - go sort of thing due to the eggs that are already laid and will later hatch .
You do n’t want this coming back , so it ’s worth the trouble to just do it once but do it right .
Ok , here ’s what to do :
How to get rid of fleas in your home naturally
This is a professional pest controller who made a quick video on how to use a specific all - natural product properly to get rid of fleas inside and outside –I checked out the product on Amazon ( you can see it here : GreenSense Diatomaceous Earth ) and it ’s got great reviews so I decided to include this .
Have a look at this ( it ’s very short ) :
How to get rid of fleas from your yard
Here we ’ve got an actual veterinarian just quickly ( a little over a minute ) giving you a few tips on dealing with fleas outside :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
I ’d definitely go have a look through Amazon ’s Flea and Tick Control Products section ( it ’s sorted by bestselling so you can see what ’s popular ) , read the descriptions and reviews VERY carefully , and make sure you choose the right thing ( remember what that guy said about some dog flea collars being toxic to cats ) .
There ’s a top - notch website I found on dealing with fleas on pets ( specifically cats ) called Cats of Australia , definitely worth a look .
Mother Earth News has got an excellent , detailed article on how to naturally treat a flea problem on your pet .
Visit our expanded and redesigned website at http://www.isrr.org
To be added to the ISRR mailing list , just submit your email address below :
Please remember that the services ISRR offers are entirely paid for by donations from individuals who use them -- like you .
ISRR volunteers donate time and are committed to keeping everything free , as long as donations cover costs .
So thanks !
If you wish to make a donation to ISRR please click here : http://www.isrr.org/Donate.html
ISRR does NOT share your email information with anyone .
You will only receive communication from ISRR .
Can farming save Detroit ?
DETROIT ( Fortune ) -- John
Hantz is a wealthy money manager who lives in an older enclave of Detroit where all the houses are grand and not all of them are falling apart .
Once a star stockbroker at American Express , he left 13 years ago to found his own firm .
Today Hantz Financial Services has 20 offices in Michigan , Ohio , and Georgia , more than 500 employees , and $ 1.3 billion in assets under management .
Twice divorced , Hantz , 48 , lives alone in clubby , paneled splendor , surrounded by early - American landscapes on the walls , an autograph collection that veers from Detroit icons such as Ty Cobb and Henry Ford to Baron von Richthofen and Mussolini , and a set of Ayn Rand first editions .
With a net worth of more than $ 100 million , he 's one of the richest men left in Detroit -- one of the very few in his demographic who stayed put when others were fleeing to Grosse Pointe and Bloomfield Hills .
Not long ago , while commuting , he stumbled on a big idea that might help save his dying city .
Every weekday Hantz pulls his Volvo SUV out of the gated driveway of his compound and drives half an hour to his office in Southfield , a northern suburb on the far side of Eight Mile Road .
His route takes him through a desolate , postindustrial cityscape -- the kind of scene that is shockingly common in Detroit .
Along the way he passes vacant buildings , abandoned homes , and a whole lot of empty land .
In some stretches he sees more pheasants than people .
" Every year I tell myself it 's going to get better , " says Hantz , bright - eyed , with smooth cheeks and a little boy 's carefully combed haircut , " and every year it does n't . "
Then one day about a year and a half ago , Hantz had a revelation .
" We need scarcity , " he thought to himself as he drove past block after unoccupied block .
" We can't create opportunities , but we can create scarcity . "
And that , he says one afternoon in his living room between puffs on an expensive cigar , " is how I got onto this idea of the farm . "
Yes , a farm .
A large - scale , for - profit agricultural enterprise , wholly contained within the city limits of Detroit .
Hantz thinks farming could do his city a lot of good : restore big chunks of tax - delinquent , resource - draining urban blight to pastoral productivity ; provide decent jobs with benefits ; supply local markets and restaurants with fresh produce ; attract tourists from all over the world ; and -- most important of all -- stimulate development around the edges as the local land market tilts from stultifying abundance to something more like scarcity and investors move in .
Hantz is willing to commit $ 30 million to the project .
He 'll start with a pilot program this spring involving up to 50 acres on Detroit 's east side .
" Out of the gates , " he says , " it 'll be the largest urban farm in the world . "
This is possibly not as crazy as it sounds .
Granted , the notion of devoting valuable city land to agriculture would be unfathomable in New York , London , or Tokyo .
But Detroit is a special case .
The city that was once the fourth largest in the country and served as a symbol of America 's industrial might has lately assumed a new role : North American poster child for the global phenomenon of shrinking postindustrial cities .
Nearly 2 million people used to live in Detroit .
Fewer than 900,000 remain .
Even if , unlikely as it seems , the auto industry were to rebound dramatically and the U.S. economy were to come roaring back tomorrow , no one -- not even the proudest civic boosters -- imagines that the worst is over .
" Detroit will probably be a city of 700,000 people when it's all said and done , " says Doug Rothwell , CEO of Business Leaders for Michigan .
" The big challenge is , What do you do with a population of 700,000 in a geography that can accommodate three times that much ? "
Whatever the answer is , whenever it comes , it wo n't be predicated on a return to past glory .
" We have to be realistic , " says George Jackson , CEO of the Detroit Economic Growth Corp. ( DEGC ) .
" This is not about trying to re-create something .
We 're not a world - class city . "
If not world class , then what ?
A regional financial center ?
That 's already Chicago , and to a lesser extent Minneapolis .
A biotech hub ?
Boston and San Diego are way out in front .
Some think Detroit has a future in TV and movies , but Hollywood is skeptical .
( " Best incentives in the country , " one producer says .
" Worst crew . " )
How about high tech and green manufacturing ?
Possibly , given the engineering and manufacturing talent that remains .
But still there 's the problem of what to do with the city 's enormous amount of abandoned land , conservatively estimated at 40 square miles in a sprawling metropolis whose 139 - square - mile footprint is easily bigger than San Francisco , Boston , and Manhattan combined .
If you let it revert to nature , you abandon all hope of productive use .
If you turn it over to parks and recreation , you add costs to an overburdened city government that can't afford to teach its children , police its streets , or maintain the infrastructure it already has .
Faced with those facts , a growing number of policymakers and urban planners have begun to endorse farming as a solution .
Former HUD secretary Henry Cisneros , now chairman of CityView , a private equity firm that invests in urban development , is familiar with Detroit 's land problem .
He says he 's in favor of " other uses that engage human beings in their maintenance , such as urban agriculture . "
After studying the city 's options at the request of civic leaders , the American Institute of Architects came to this conclusion in a recent report : " Detroit is particularly well suited to become a pioneer in urban agriculture at a commercial scale . "
In that sense , Detroit might actually be ahead of the curve .
When Alex Krieger , chairman of the department of urban planning and design at Harvard , imagines what the settled world might look like half a century from now , he sees " a checkerboard pattern " with " more densely urbanized areas , and areas preserved for various purposes such as farming .
The notion of a walled city , a contained city -- that 's an 18th - century idea . "
And where will the new ideas for the 21st century emerge ?
From older , decaying cities , Krieger believes , such as New Orleans , St. Louis , Cleveland , Newark , and especially Detroit -- cities that have become , at least in part , " kind of empty containers . "
This is a lot to hang on Hantz .
Most of what he knows about agriculture he 's picked up over the past 18 months from the experts he 's consulting at Michigan State and the Kellogg Foundation .
Then there 's the fact that many of his fellow citizens are openly rooting against him .
Since word leaked of his scheme last spring , he has been criticized by community activists , who call the plan a land grab .
Opponents have also raised questions about the run-ins he's had with regulators at Hantz Financial .
But Detroit is nothing if not desperate for new ideas , and Hantz has had no trouble getting his heard .
" It all sounds very exciting , " says the DEGC's Jackson , whose agency is working on assembling a package of incentives for Hantz , including free city land .
" We hope it works . "
Detroit 's civic history is notable for repeated failed attempts to revitalize its core .
Over the past three decades leaders have embraced a series of downtown redevelopment plans that promised to save the city .
The massive Renaissance Center office and retail complex , built in the 1970s , mostly served to suck tenants out of other downtown buildings .
( Today 48 of those buildings stand empty . )
Three new casinos ( one already bankrupt ) and two new sports arenas ( one for the NFL 's dreadful Lions , the other for MLB 's Tigers ) have restored , on some nights , a little spark to downtown Detroit but have inspired little in the way of peripheral development .
Downtown is still eerily underpopulated , the tax base is still crumbling , and people are still leaving .
The jobless rate in the city is 27 % .
Nothing yet tried in Detroit even begins to address the fundamental issue of emptiness -- empty factories , empty office buildings , empty houses , and above all , empty lots .
Rampant arson , culminating in the annual frenzy of Devil 's Night , is partly to blame .
But there has also been a lot of officially sanctioned demolition in Detroit .
As white residents fled to the suburbs over the decades , houses in the decaying neighborhoods they left behind were often bulldozed .
Abandonment is an infrastructure problem , when you consider the cost of maintaining far - flung roads and sewer systems ; it 's a city services problem , when you think about the inefficiencies of collecting trash and fighting crime in sparsely populated neighborhoods ; and it's a real estate problem .
Houses in Detroit are selling for an average of $ 15,000 .
That sounds like a buying opportunity , and in fact Detroit looks pretty good right now to a young artist or entrepreneur who can't afford anyplace else -- but not yet to an investor .
The smart money sees no point in buying as long as fresh inventory keeps flooding the market .
" In the target sites we have , " says Hantz , " we [ reevaluate ] every two weeks . "
As Hantz began thinking about ways to absorb some of that inventory , what he imagined , he says , was a glacier : one broad , continuous swath of farmland , growing acre by acre , year by year , until it had overrun enough territory to raise the scarcity alarm and impel other investors to act .
Rick Foster , an executive at the Kellogg Foundation whom Hantz sought out for advice , nudged him gently in a different direction .
" I think you should make pods , " Foster said , meaning not one farm but many .
Hantz was taken right away with the concept of creating several pods -- or lakes , as he came to think of them -- each as large as 300 acres , and each surrounded by its own valuable frontage .
" What if we had seven lakes in the city ? " he wondered .
" Would people develop around those lakes ? "
To increase the odds that they will , Hantz plans on making his farms both visually stunning and technologically cutting edge .
Where there are row crops , Hantz says , they 'll be neatly organized , planted in " dead - straight lines -- they may even be in a design . "
But the plan is n't to make Detroit look like Iowa .
" Do n't think a farm with tractors , " says Hantz .
" That 's old . "
In fact , Hantz 's operation will bear little resemblance to a traditional farm .
Mike Score , who recently left Michigan State 's agricultural extension program to join Hantz Farms as president , has written a business plan that calls for the deployment of the latest in farm technology , from compost - heated greenhouses to hydroponic ( water only , no soil ) and aeroponic ( air only ) growing systems designed to maximize productivity in cramped settings .
He 's really excited about apples .
Hantz Farms will use a trellised system that 's compact , highly efficient , and tourist - friendly .
It wo n't be like apple picking in Massachusetts , and that 's the point .
Score wants visitors to Hantz Farms to see that agriculture is not just something that takes place in the countryside .
They will be able to " walk down the row pushing a baby stroller , " he promises .
Crop selection will depend on the soil conditions of the plots that Hantz acquires .
Experts insist that most of the land is not irretrievably toxic .
The majority of the lots now vacant in Detroit were residential , not industrial ; the biggest problem is how compacted the soil is .
For the most part the farms will focus on high - margin edibles : peaches , berries , plums , nectarines , and exotic greens .
Score says that the first crops are likely to be lettuce and heirloom tomatoes .
Hantz says he 's willing to put up the entire $ 30 million investment himself -- all cash , no debt -- and immediately begin hiring locally for full - time positions .
But he wants two things first from Jackson at the DEGC : free tax - delinquent land , which he 'll combine with his own purchases , he says ( he 's aiming for an average cost of $ 3,000 per acre , in line with rural farmland in southern Michigan ) , and a zoning adjustment that would create a new , lower tax rate for agriculture .
There 's no deal yet , but neither request strikes Jackson as unattainable .
" If we have reasonable due diligence , " he says , " I think we 'll give it a shot . "
Detroit mayor Dave Bing is watching closely .
The Pistons Hall of Fame guard turned entrepreneur has had what his spokesman describes as " productive discussions " with Hantz .
In a statement to Fortune , Bing says he 's " encouraged by the proposals to bring commercial farming back to Detroit .
As we look to diversify our economy , commercial farming has some real potential for job growth and rebuilding our tax base . "
Hantz , for his part , says he's got three or four locations all picked out ( " one of them will pop " ) and is confident he 'll have seeds in the ground " in some sort of demonstration capacity " this spring .
" Some things you 've got to see in order to believe , " he says , waving his cigar .
" This is a thing you 've got to believe in order to see . "
Many have a hard time making that leap .
When news of Hantz 's ambitious plan broke in the Detroit papers last spring , few people even knew who he was .
A little digging turned up a less - than - spotless record at Hantz Financial Services .
The firm has paid fines totaling more than $ 1 million in the past five years , including $ 675,000 in 2005 , without admitting or denying guilt , " for fraud and misrepresentations relating to undisclosed revenue - sharing arrangements , as well as other violations , " according to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority .
( Hantz responds , " If we find something that is n't in compliance , we take immediate steps to correct the problem . " )
Hantz Farms ' first hire , VP Matt Allen , did have an established reputation in Detroit , but it was n't a good one .
Two years ago , while he was press secretary for former Detroit mayor Kwame Kilpatrick , Allen pleaded guilty to domestic violence and obstructing police after his wife called 911 .
He was sentenced to a year 's probation .
Hantz says he has known
Allen for many years and values his deep knowledge of the city .
" He has earned a second chance , and I 'm willing to give it to him , " he says .
Some of Hantz 's biggest skeptics , ironically , are the same people who 've been working to transform Detroit into a laboratory for urban farming for years , albeit on a much smaller scale .
The nonprofit Detroit Agriculture Network counts nearly 900 urban gardens within the city limits .
That 's a twofold increase in two years , and it places Detroit at the forefront of a vibrant national movement to grow more food locally and lessen the nation 's dependence on Big Ag .
None of those gardens is very big ( average size : 0.25 acre ) , and they do n't generate a lot of cash ( most do n't even try ) , but otherwise they 're great : as antidotes to urban blight ; sources of healthy , affordable food in a city that , incredibly , has no chain supermarkets ; providers of meaningful , if generally unpaid , work to the chronically unemployed ; and beacons around which disintegrating communities can begin to regather themselves .
That actually sounds a lot like what Hantz envisions his farms to be in the for - profit arena .
But he does n't have many fans among the community gardeners , who feel that Hantz is using his money and connections to capitalize on their pioneering work .
" I 'm concerned about the corporate takeover of the urban agriculture movement in Detroit , " says Malik Yakini , a charter school principal and founder of the Detroit Black Community Food Security Network , which operates D - Town Farm on Detroit 's west side .
" At this point the key players with him seem to be all white men in a city that 's at least 82 % black . "
Hantz , meanwhile , has no patience for what he calls " fear - based " criticism .
He has a hard time concealing his contempt for the nonprofit sector generally .
( " Someone must pay taxes , " he sniffs . )
He also flatly rejects the idea that he 's orchestrating some kind of underhanded land grab .
In fact , Hantz says that he welcomes others who might want to start their own farms in the city .
" Viability and sustainability to me are all that matters , " he says .
And yet Hantz is fully aware of the potentially historic scope of what he is proposing .
After all , he 's talking about accumulating hundreds , perhaps even thousands , of acres inside a major American city .
And it 's clear that he views Hantz Farms as his legacy .
Already he 's told his 21 - year - old daughter , Lauren , his only heir , that if she wants to own the land one day , she has to promise him she 'll never sell it .
" This is like buying a penthouse in New York in 1940 , " Hantz says .
" No one should be able to afford to do this ever again . "
That might seem like an overly optimistic view of Detroit 's future .
But allow Hantz to dream a little .
Twenty years from now , when people come to the city and have a drink at the bar at the top of the Renaissance Center , what will they see ?
Maybe that 's not the right vantage point .
Maybe they 'll actually be on the farm , picking apples , looking up at the RenCen .
" That 's the beauty of being down and out , " says Hantz .
" You can actually open your mind to ideas that you would never otherwise embrace . "
At this point , Detroit does n't have much left to lose .
SACRAMENTO , Calif .
—The California Assembly has picked its first openly gay speaker .
Assembly Democrats on Thursday unanimously backed John Perez , the chairman of the Assembly Democratic Caucus , to be its next speaker .
Perez will hold one of the most powerful positions in state government .
A cousin of Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , Perez was elected to the Assembly last year .
He was challenged in the speakership race by Democratic Assemblyman Kevin De Leon , a fellow Hispanic lawmaker .
The nomination now goes before the full Assembly , but the candidate with the most Democratic support usually wins because Democrats hold a majority of seats in the 80 - member chamber .
He will take over the position from Assembly Speaker Karen Bass , who was elected by her colleagues in February 2008 .
© Copyright 2009 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Exclusive : White House aides insisted F - 22 be removed from Obama speech venue
When President Obama spoke to troops at Alaska ’s Elmendorf Air Force Base last month , the unit there parked a shiny new F - 22 fighter plane in the hangar .
But according to multiple sources , White House aides demanded the plane be changed to an older F - 15 fighter because they did n’t want Obama speaking in front of the F - 22 , a controversial program he fought hard to end .
“ White House aides actually made them remove the F - 22 - said they would not allow POTUS to be pictured with the F - 22 in any way , shape , or form , ” one source close to the unit relayed .
Stephen Lee , a public affairs officer at Elmendorf , confirmed to The Cable that the F - 22 was parked in the hangar and then was replaced by an F - 15 at the White House ’s behest .
The airmen there took offense to the Obama aides ’ demand , sources told The Cable , seeing it as a slight to the folks who are operating the F - 22 proudly every day .
They also expressed bewilderment that the White House staff would even care so much as to make an issue out of the fact that the F - 22 was placed in the hangar with the president .
A White House official , commenting on background basis , told The Cable that yes , there were discussions about which plane or planes would be in the hangar , but that they were not meant as an insult to the pilots and other personnel who work on the F - 22 .
The official could n’t elaborate on why the White House aides felt it necessary to get involved in the matter in the first place .
The official pointed to Obama ’s speech to the troops that day , where he praised both the 90th Fighter Squadron , known as the “ Dicemen , ” and the 525th Fighter Squadron , the “ Bulldogs , ” both of which operate the F - 22 .
Even so , the Air Force personnel thought it odd the White House wanted to display the older plane rather than the more advanced plane that , in the eyes of its supporters , represents the latest and greatest in American aviation .
The Obama administration fought hard and successfully to cut off production of the F - 22 at 187 planes , a number Defense Secretary Robert Gates endorsed but that was hundreds less than originally planned and about half of the 381 planes Air Force leadership lobbied hard for in the years preceding Obama ’s inauguration .
“ It ’s one thing to be against further production ; quite another to slight the folks who are flying them in the operational world , ” one source said , adding that “ the F - 15 pictured was put into service roughly around the same period when Obama graduated from college .
It ’s vintage . ”
I moved to Haiti in the spring of 2007 , when my wife found a job with the United Nations ’ peacekeeping mission there , established after the fall of Jean - Bertrand Aristide in 2004 .
She was assigned to Jérémie , a small town on Haiti ’s southwest coast .
Jérémie is just 125 miles or so from Port - au - Prince , but only a dirt road links the two cities , and the trip can take 14 or 15 hours , if the road is passable at all :
When the summer rains set in or the fall hurricanes blow through , the road is just mud .
The weekly boat to Port - au - Prince is slow and dangerous .
Otherwise , the only connection to the capital is by propeller plane .
About a month after I arrived in Jérémie , a rumor swept through town that a deadly zombie was on the loose .
This zombie , it was said , could kill by touch alone .
The story had enough authority that schools closed .
The head of the local secret society responsible for the management of the zombie population was asked to investigate .
Later that week , Monsieur Roswald Val , having conducted a presumably thorough inquiry , made an announcement on Radio Lambi :
There was nothing to fear ; all his zombies were accounted for .
Shortly after that incident , I started taking Creole lessons from a motorcycle - taxi driver named Lucner Delzor .
Delzor was married with four children , but he kept a mistress on the other side of town .
He told me that he had never so much as drunk a glass of water at his mistress ’s house for fear she might lace his food with love powder .
He loved his wife and children far too much to risk that .
One of my first complete sentences in Creole was “ Gen vréman vre zonbi an Ayiti ? ”
Or : “ Are there really , truly zombies in Haiti ? ”
“ Bien sûr , ” Delzor said .
He had even seen them : affectless men and women with a deathlike pallor , high nasal voices , and the characteristic drooping at the chin – men and women who he knew for a fact had died and been buried .
“ Ayiti , se repiblik zonbi , ” Delzor added .
Haiti is the republic of zombies .
I was eager to meet a zombie for myself , and began making appropriate inquiries .
Several weeks later , my wife came home from a judicial conference .
Making small talk , a local judicial official mentioned the strange case of zombification that his courtroom had seen not several months before .
The case was , he said , “ un peu spectaculaire . ”
I met Judge Isaac Etienne a week or so later at his unfinished concrete house in the village of Roseaux .
Roseaux is on the sea , and the fishermen , their nets already in , were stretched out on the small grassy town square , drinking rum and playing dominoes under a dazzling midmorning sun .
The judge was a boyish - looking man of 42 , slender , wearing baggy surfer shorts , flip - flops , and a brightly colored Hawaiian shirt .
The dossier was , at bottom , a murder story , the judge said – but it was a murder story with the great oddity that the victim did not die .
II
Nadathe Joassaint had been , until her death at 26 , a native of the village of Joseph , in the third section of the commune of Roseaux , deep in the mountains .
Her father was a small farmer ; her mother lived in Port - au - Prince , where she worked as a merchant .
Nadathe ( pronounced na- DAHT ) was known for her beauty ; had she not been so beautiful , she would have lived .
Early in the morning of November 7 , 2006 , somebody called Nadathe out of her hut .
Immediately thereafter , she became ill , then later that night she was dead .
Two months or so later , in mid-January of 2007 , Judge Etienne was just finishing breakfast when the huissier of his court announced that a large mob – he estimated the size at more than 100 people – had assembled outside his courtroom , demanding his immediate presence .
The crowd was led by Madame Zicot Joassaint , the victim ’s mother , who , after several weeks ’ manhunt , was bringing to justice the men she claimed were responsible for her daughter ’s death .
Judge Etienne was not alarmed by the situation :
He was accustomed to crowds arriving at all hours of the day , dragging criminals caught en flagrant délit and demanding justice .
The crowd was chanting “ Mano , Kriminèl .
Mano , Kriminèl . ”
The mood , the judge recalled , was festive .
In front of the courthouse , two men – Neolién Frankel , known by his nickname , Mano , and Joseph Overne – were sprawled in the dirt .
They had both been badly beaten .
Mano was young and small , Overne older and larger .
Both wore jeans and T - shirts and both had identical looks on their faces , of submission and terror .
Judge Etienne opened the courthouse and proceeded to the bench .
The dilapidated courtroom was small , and the crowd spilled out into the street .
He organized the accused in front of his desk , to his right , and invited the accuser , Madame Zicot , to come forward .
A woman in her mid-60s , her hair in braids , dressed in a neat blue - and - white striped dress , Madame Zicot drew herself up to her full five feet , then leveled one of the few accusations in the criminal code more spectacular than murder .
“ Li te mete tifi pam nan zonbi !
Remèt li ! ”
He turned my daughter into a zombie !
Give her back !
III
In 1982 , Wade Davis , then a doctoral candidate in ethnobotany at Harvard , traveled to Haiti to explore the secrets of zombification .
His work was sponsored by a pharmaceutical company , the supposition being that the zombie ’s apparent death was illusory , a transient , paralyzed , coma - like state produced by some sort of poison or chemical agent .
Such a poison , Davis ’s backers supposed , might very well prove pharmacologically useful as an anesthetic .
Davis ’s first book , The Serpent and the Rainbow , is his account of that trip .
The book bristles with machismo , in highly wrought prose : “ Marcel came so close I could feel his breath , smell it like a buzzard ’s .
The silence was unbearable , yet only I could break it . ”
And Davis ’s Haitians tend to say things like : “ Haiti will teach you that good and evil are one .
We never confuse them , nor do we keep them apart . ”
But for all its bluster , The Serpent and the Rainbow is an admirable book , unfailingly interesting , and at times captures in a single sentence something very much like the Haiti that I came to know : “ There in the late afternoon sun was a single individual , quite sane and very happy , standing alone , dancing with his own shadow . ”
Such is the book ’s narrative power that the author ’s conclusions about zombies are almost swept away in the adventurous flood , and it is most likely the novelistic quality of his prose that provoked the ferocity of his critics : Ethnologists , pharmacologists , and old Haiti hands alike responded to the book and its author with a collective “ Oh , come on . ”
Davis ’s second book , Passage of Darkness , is an adaptation of his doctoral thesis on zombification and serves as his response to the critics .
It is a book as sober as The Serpent and the Rainbow is overwrought .
It demonstrates the value of clear , academic prose , and the importance of the scholarly apparatus – the footnote , citation of sources , the extended bibliography – and has one enormous advantage over The Serpent and the Rainbow :
It is convincing .
It is the definitive book on zombies .
Davis ’s thesis – certainly one of the very most sensational in all of ethnography – goes something like this : Zombies , he tells us , are real , not some figment of the collective Haitian imagination but men and women who have died ( or rather who appear to have died ) , been buried , then brought back to life to pass the rest of their days as imbecile slaves .
As proof he cites the case of Clairvius Narcisse , a man whose death certificate was signed by an American doctor in Haiti in 1962 , only for him to be found again in his natal village in 1980 with a story to tell of years passed in zombie servitude .
Davis shows us a photograph of Narcisse , looking hale , standing beside his own grave .
Davis argues that Narcisse and other zombies do not really die but rather are poisoned with a compound containing tetrodotoxin ( TTX ) , found in the crapaud de mer , a fish swimming off the Haitian coast .
( Other ingredients in the zombie powder apparently include human cadavers , a variety of plants , and a toad . )
The effect of such a poison is to produce a paralytic state so profound that even medical experts are convinced that the sufferer has expired .
The poison , Davis writes , is always applied “ directly into the blood through abraded skin . ”
At its onset , it is known to cause “ malaise , pallor , dizziness , ” along with “ profuse sweating , extreme weakness , headache , subnormal temperatures , decreased blood pressure , and a rapid , weak pulse . ”
( Here Davis is quoting Bruce W. Halstead ’s Poisonous and Venomous Marine Animals of the World . )
This is followed by dilated pupils , glassy fixed eyes , respiratory distress , muscular twitching , and “ finally terminates in extensive paralysis . …
The victim may become comatose but in most cases retains consciousness . ”
The victim , having “ died , ” is buried , and the zombiemakers return in the night .
The tomb is opened .
The victim , now in the custody of his new masters , is returned to life .
But TTX alone does not make a zombie .
TTX is the same poison found in the deadly Japanese fugu fish , whose sushi is a great delicacy .
Every year , several gourmand fools , having eaten improperly prepared sushi , fall victim to TTX poisoning , and upon their resuscitation , if they survive , are normal .
Not so the Haitian zombie .
The Haitian zombie , Davis argues , is the product of a series of terrifying experiences , all specific to the cultural context of rural Haiti .
First comes the overwhelming trauma of having been buried alive .
Clairvius Narcisse reported total lucidity through the entire ordeal .
Upon removal from the coffin , the would - be zombie is fed a hallucinogenic drug from the plant Datura stramonium , locally known by the suggestive name concombre zombi .
At the same time , the victim is given a ferocious beating by his captors .
The final touch is the total rejection of the zombie by his own community .
The cumulative effect is the destruction of the zombie ’s will – what the Haitians call the “ ti bon ange , ” or the good little angel , the unseen thing that gives personality and resolve to each individual soul .
The victim is now a zombie , and he knows he is now a zombie :
He has fallen into a well - known trap from which no man or woman escapes .
His soul collapses .
The zombie is now like a living corpse .
IV
A precise transcription of judge etienne ’s interrogations of Mano and Overne does not exist , but he took notes in French summarizing their statements , which were made in Creole .
The judge allowed me to copy these from his private notebooks .
Judge Etienne began with Mano .
“ Is it true that you are a sorcerer and responsible for the death of Nadathe ?
How do you reply to this accusation ? ”
Mano : “ Monsieur le Juge , I have for a long time courted Nadathe – but being engaged to a man she loves , she has never hesitated to respond to my entreaties , calling me a trivial man . …
In order to avenge this insult , I went to the house of my superior , Joseph Overne , the man who initiated me as a sorcerer , with the aim of deciding what punishment to give her .
We decided to kill Nadathe by one of our fetishistic procedures . ”
The judge told me that Mano spoke softly , with what the court ’s clerk later described as an air of sadness and regret – as if the whole nasty business had just slipped out of control .
He began to cry .
He paused , then continued : “ Overne was more competent than me in the composition of these powders , particularly the powder by which Nadathe was killed .
This powder , on account of its rapidity and power , is sometimes compared to the speed of thunder : poud loraj , or ‘ storm powder . ’
When we had completed the composition of this powder , I placed it in the middle of the little path where Nadathe passed every morning .
Then I called her .
I was three meters away from her .
I saw her coming toward me .
She said , ‘ What do you want , Mano ?
What ’s going on ?
Why are you calling me ? ’
But for the magic of this trap to work , I was not able to respond . ”
Mano looked around the room .
This was a point on which he was insistent .
His voice was choked .
“ I could not respond ! ” he said .
“ I kept my silence , and Nadathe went up the path to the church , where her youth prayer group was meeting .
At this moment , the outcome was decided .…
Several hours later , she gave up the ghost . ”
A cry rang out in the small rural courthouse : “ We have found the criminals !
They killed Nadathe ! ” and the crowd exploded .
Madame Zicot began to weep , and even the judge himself was forced to stand up and walk outside to wipe the tears from his face .
Only after several minutes did he bring the proceedings back to order .
“ The body was buried at 5 pm Friday , ” Mano said .
“ By 9 pm we were in possession of her zombie .
The next day , Saturday , we held a meeting of our band of sorcerers . …
We decided to take the zombie to Chardonette , passing by the village of Carrefour Charles .
But we were held back there and forbidden passage by the chief sorcerer of Carrefour Charles .
According to the rules governing occult societies , we needed to have a laissez - passer signed by the departmental chief , allowing us to transport the zombie .
As a result , the zombie of Nadathe was seized .
Not having the appropriate papers , we went back home , empty - handed – for this was an act we had performed without the approval of our chief .
We had thought we could take the zombie as contraband , without papers !
But this , unfortunately , did not bear fruit . …
Now the zombie can be found in the hands of the chief of Carrefour Charles , Madame Precieuse St. Louis . ”
V
Article 246 of the haitian legal code explicitly condemns zombification , specifically the “ use of substances whereby a person is not killed but reduced to a state of lethargy , more or less prolonged … .
If , following the state of lethargy the person is buried , then the attempt will be termed murder . ”
But Judge Etienne did not believe that Article 246 applied to either Mano or Overne .
These men , he reasoned , had confessed to employing magical means to zombify Nadathe , not a “ substance , ” and there is no provision in the Haitian legal code for the punishment of sorcery .
Judge Etienne told me that he had no choice but to release the men – much to his displeasure .
He was convinced , though , that the men had transformed Nadathe into a zombie , knew where the zombie was , and could help Madame Zicot get her daughter back .
For this reason , having held the men in his home for two days , very early in the morning of Sunday , January 21 , 2007 , he gave the accused back to the leaders of the mob , who headed up the mountains in the direction of Carrefour Charles .
Several hours later , the judge received a series of urgent phone calls from that village .
The situation had become tense .
By the time Judge Etienne was able to get to Carrefour Charles , he found the men he had released that morning on the front porch of Madame Precieuse St. Louis , the accused sorceress .
Witnesses said the men looked like they had sustained another beating .
Madame Precieuse had barricaded herself in her home .
Judge Etienne spent 15 minutes or so talking with Madame Precieuse , asking her if she knew the whereabouts of the zombie .
She categorically denied any knowledge of the incident .
The intensity of the crowd made further discussions untenable .
Judge Etienne ordered both Mano and Overne arrested and took Madame Precieuse into custody as well – for her own protection , he said .
All three were transported to the central prison in Jérémie .
Four days later , Judge Etienne ordered Madame Precieuse freed .
Mano and Overne remained in jail for almost two months , charged with a crime that does n’t exist – “ sortilege , ” or sorcery .
Then both men were released as well , on the orders of a higher judicial authority in Jérémie .
Within days they were back in Joseph , where the local population hacked the men to death with machetes .
VI
Over the course of the next year , i visited joseph , Nadathe Joassaint ’s village , at least a dozen times , usually traveling with my Creole teacher , Delzor .
Joseph , a place of spectacular , claustrophobic beauty , was accessible only by foot .
I spoke with Nadathe ’s cousins , her sisters and brother , her friends , and her father , but it was only after almost a year of research that I finally found Nadathe ’s mother , Madame Zicot Joassaint .
( Madame Zicot was born Enette Paul but as per Haitian custom is known by her husband ’s first name . )
After I met her , I realized that Nadathe ’s life , like her death , had been , after its own fashion , extraordinary .
Nadathe Joassaint was born in Joseph on June 6 , 1980 , the fourth of five children .
The geographical center of the village is a dilapidated church , which doubles as the elementary school .
Other landmarks include the cockfighting ring , a small shrine to Baron Samedi ( the Lord of the Dead ) , and a spreading mango tree notable for the quality of the cell phone reception in its shade , within sight of the unmarked grave where Mano and Overne are buried .
Otherwise the village sprawls : little tin-roofed house , fence , and garden after little tin-roofed house , fence , and garden .
It is not quite one of the poorest places in the Americas , if only because of the coffee trees – coffee being a cash crop – but it ’s close :
There is no electricity , and the nearest water source is the river , about a kilometer down the slope of a mountain .
When Nadathe was 14 , Madame Zicot left her husband and moved to Port - au - Prince , taking Nadathe and the other children with her .
There was no school in Joseph beyond the elementary grades , and Madame Zicot saw Nadathe ’s intelligence and ambition , saw a child who loved beautiful things and wanted them .
Madame Zicot foresaw nothing for her daughters in Joseph but a lifetime of carrying water from the river up the big hill .
Madame Zicot , working first as a domestic servant , then in the market , would eventually find the means to buy her own tiny cement house in a twisting warren of tiny cement houses , all with a dramatic view over Port - au - Prince to the sea .
The move to the city did just what her mother hoped it would :
It transformed the village girl into a self - sufficient , sophisticated young woman .
The girls left behind in Joseph talked about Nadathe and gossiped about her and wanted to be just like her .
Nadathe wore beautiful , chic clothes , which she paid for with money she earned in the market .
If life in the city and hard work had n’t made Nadathe rich , exactly , it had made her something equally rare in rural Haiti :
It had made her free .
When she was 20 , Nadathe returned to Joseph on vacation and went to a kompa dance in a nearby village .
Ordinarily she ’d rather have been working than dancing , her mother told me .
But she went to this dance and there met her future fiancé , Ascqué Neville , 10 years or so older than her , very handsome , and very kind .
He had a thick mustache , heavy shoulders , deeply inset melancholy eyes , and a shy demeanor , perhaps on account of his slight stutter .
Ascqué followed Nadathe to Port - au - Prince and found work as a mechanic .
They lived together in a little house of their own , not far from Madame Zicot .
I was able to find a few photographs of Nadathe .
One shows her standing on the steps of a concrete house , about a year before she died .
It must be in Port - au - Prince :
There are no houses like this in Joseph , not with glass windows and cast - iron railings .
She is light - skinned – people said she was as light as a blan , but in truth about the color of Barack Obama , another thing that gave her that air of big-city , faraway glamour .
She is wearing sunglasses , a stylish blue jacket over a white dress , and sensible pumps .
A small handbag dangles from the tips of her fingers :
This might be a churchgoing outfit , a supposition consonant with her well - known piety .
Another photograph , which she had given to a relative , was passport - size and shows a teenage girl , self - conscious but nevertheless wholly self - confident , her chin balanced on a carefully posed forearm .
On the back , Nadathe wrote in French , in a girlish cursive : “ May this birthday be filled with those beautiful little photos that gladden the heart ! ”
Then in English : “ I Love you ! ”
VII
In the spring of 2006 , Nadathe returned to joseph for an extended vacation .
She had been working hard for years and was exhausted .
Ascqué Neville ’s mother suggested that she come back to the village , where her fatigue could be treated with an herbal preparation .
The treatment was successful , but Nadathe was in no hurry to return to Port - au - Prince .
Sometime in the fall , Nadathe attended a voodoo dance .
In the course of the evening , Mano made a pass at Nadathe ’s younger cousin .
She pushed him away and cursed him , calling him a “ vòlè bèf ” – a cattle thief .
Mano hit her .
Nadathe stepped forward , pushed Mano backward – she was a large , strong young woman .
Nadathe shouted to be heard above the din of the drums and the cries of those possessed by the gods : “ A man like you , how dare you love a little girl like that !
How dare you beat her !
She ’s a child ! ”
Mano was furious .
He called Nadathe a whore , and then one of the most vulgar of all Creole insults : pitit , or a woman who has aborted her child .
( This is a common Creole insult and does not imply that Nadathe had ever , in fact , had an abortion . )
“ I ’d rather be a whore , I ’d rather have aborted my child , than be a cattle thief like you , ” Nadathe said .
He said , “ If you ’re not dead Monday , you ’ll be dead Tuesday . ”
On that Monday , Nadathe spoke with her mother in Port - au - Prince .
Nadathe told her mother just how successful the herbal treatment was , how much better she felt .
She advised her mother to come down to Joseph to undergo the same treatment .
It was decided : Madame Zicot would come down in December .
This was the last time Madame Zicot spoke with her daughter .
Tuesday morning , very early : Sometimes the clearest , hottest days are in hurricane season , as huge storm systems brewing over the Atlantic suck up the local weather , leaving behind only clear blue skies and sharp yellow light .
Nadathe dressed herself in a white T - shirt and skirt and wandered down to the pathway in front of the house , still stretching .
She came back to the house a few minutes later , looking dazed .
She told her sister Dina that Mano had been waiting for her in the path below .
Nadathe had said , “ Mano , what do you want ? ”
Mano had touched her , on her shoulder , hard , and walked away .
Nadathe then did something absolutely atypical :
The energetic , industrious young woman went back to bed and slept until noon .
She woke up and went to a prayer meeting at the church , where she complained again of fatigue , a vague but powerful sensation of feeling unwell – and an unusual sadness .
That evening , Nadathe headed to the house of a Madame Manuel .
She had promised to spend the evening with her in prayer .
The next morning , very early , Madame Manuel sent urgent word to the Joassaint family : Nadathe died in the night .
Madame Zicot was in Port - au - Prince when she heard the news about her daughter .
“ They called me on Wednesday morning , ” Madame Zicot later said .
“ I said , Put an iron on her stomach so I can find her like she died .
They told me that Mano killed Nadathe .
I said , Mano is going to regret that ; she ’s the only child Mano will kill .
I ’d rather have lost four cows , if I had them – even if I had only one cow , I ’d rather he ’d taken it – than kill my child . ”
She arrived in Joseph just after nightfall on Thursday .
Her husband ’s little house was full of people :
Some prayed ; women made coffee .
Others beat drums , and still others danced .
Men played cards and dominoes .
Nadathe lay in her elegant , expensive coffin , while paid mourners chanted canticles .
By Friday morning , Nadathe ’s body began to smell .
The villagers carried Nadathe ’s coffin along the steep mountain trails to the village of Grand Vincent , where Nadathe was buried in the Neville family tomb , beside Ascqué ’s father .
I later saw the graveyard and tomb where Nadathe was buried .
The graves were unmarked .
Goats tethered between tombstones munched placidly at the high grass .
The cement closing Nadathe ’s tomb was chipped and loose , but I saw no clear signs that the grave had been disturbed .
VIII
About a week after nadathe ’s burial , Madame Zicot received a message from her cousin , Madame Precieuse St. Louis .
Madame Precieuse asked Madame Zicot to visit her in Carrefour Charles .
Relations between the cousins were never close , and since Madame Zicot moved to Port - au - Prince they had grown only more distant – a wave as the autobus from Port - au - Prince rumbled through Carrefour Charles , or a few words now and again .
But Madame Zicot knew that her cousin was a well - known mambo , or sorceress .
It was said that Madame Precieuse could fly , and that she could transform herself into a bat , and that she could transform her enemies into animals as well .
And , like Mano , she was dyab – a member of a secret society .
When Madame Zicot arrived at her cousin ’s trim little cottage on the side of the highway , Madame Precieuse was n’t there .
Her husband , Fleuris St. Louis , a local politician , explained that his wife had gone to buy a pig to kill .
Then finally she came home , a short , round , balding woman with the habit of lifting her shirt and displaying to all and sundry who visit her little house the hysterectomy scar cleaving her neatly in two .
The two women made the small talk of the bereft for a few minutes .
Madame Precieuse saw Nadathe just a few days before she died , coming back from the market in Beaumont .
Sharp - tongued as ever , the young woman had teased her mother ’s cousin :
They were in the same family , Nadathe had said , but thank God Madame Precieuse was the only bald one !
Then , Madame Zicot later told me , Madame Precieuse got down to business :
First , she said , Nadathe was still alive .
She had been zombified .
But because she was so young , the secret societies that controlled zombification would not take her zombie into their ranks .
Madame Precieuse continued :
If Madame Zicot wanted her daughter back , she was to pressure Mano , beat him if necessary , to convince him to give Nadathe back to her .
Madame Precieuse told Madame Zicot to treat what she told her with the utmost confidentiality .
Nothing in Madame Precieuse ’s words suggested to Madame Zicot that Nadathe might have been in her custody .
So when Madame Zicot finally found Mano two months later and dragged him and his accomplice down to Judge Etienne ’s courtroom , doing just what her cousin suggested , pressuring him to release the zombie , and he finally confessed , nobody could have been more stunned than Madame Zicot to hear the claim that Madame Precieuse – her own cousin !
– had the zombie in her possession all along .
IX
When I spoke with Madame Precieuse , she showed me her hysterectomy scar and the Protestant church where she worships , but she told me that she had nothing to do with voodoo , nothing to do with zombies , nothing to do with magic , and nothing to do with Nadathe Joassaint .
This may or may not be true , but that ’s what she told me .
In the absence of more information from Madame Precieuse , it ’s necessary to reconstruct the events from the statements of others and their claims of what transpired .
According to Mano ’s testimony , he and Overne were passing through Carrefour Charles with Nadathe ’s zombie when they encountered Madame Precieuse , who demanded to see their travel documents .
( Madame Zicot thinks Madame Precieuse must have approached them because she recognized Nadathe . )
Every zombie is made only with the official approbation of the secret society ; lacking these documents , the zombie is illicit .
( These documents do exist : I was later able to examine a zombie laissez - passer . )
Nadathe had no documents .
This gave Madame Precieuse grounds to seize the zombie , as she was a great queen within the society , hierarchically superior to Mano and Overne .
But , assuming the story to be true , seizing the zombie would have put Madame Precieuse in a very difficult position , for the rules of the secret society were strict .
I later discussed this with various members of the society , who explained to me that Madame Precieuse no more had the appropriate documents to possess and transport a zombie than Mano and Overne did , and by holding the zombie she would risk the harsh punishment of the law and the wrath of other sorcerers .
Madame Precieuse might even have feared that she might be zombified herself , for having held the zombie illegally .
Thus she apparently conceived her plan : to convince Mano to take Nadathe back to her mother , without ever admitting any involvement in this affair .
But that plan seems to have gone doubly awry .
First , Madame Zicot revealed the private conversation between the two cousins to Judge Etienne , thus involving Madame Precieuse with the judicial system .
Then , Mano did what no member of a secret society should ever do :
He spoke publicly of the “ affairs of the night . ”
When Judge Etienne arrested Madame Precieuse , relations between the two cousins were ruptured .
Madame Precieuse blamed her cousin for her disgrace and humiliation – and Madame Zicot ’s best chance for recovering her daughter ’s zombie was lost .
X
For obvious reasons , the ethnographic literature on the secret societies of Haiti is thin .
The best source is a single chapter in Michel Laguerre ’s 1989 book Voodoo and Politics in Haiti .
The societies , Laguerre argues , are a legacy of colonial Haiti – modern - day descendants of bands of escaped slaves .
Nowadays , these secret societies have evolved into something of a cross , in Laguerre ’s telling , between Cosa Nostra and the Rotary Club :
They are violent when necessary but devoted au fond to the cause of justice .
Laguerre offers a portrait of daily life in the society known as the Bizango .
There is , he says , a complicated process of recruitment , an initiation ceremony , a period of hazing consisting of nasty jobs like cleaning other members ’ outhouses , then another ceremony to welcome the full - fledged members involving , Laguerre says , drinking pig ’s blood .
The societies meet regularly at night and march around wearing spooky - looking clothes and singing spooky - sounding songs .
( “ Be careful about what you might say / When we organize a Bizango rally /
We do n’t wish for people to start talking about our / Songs and dances , the morning after ” – but it ’s way creepier - sounding in Creole . )
For all of the ritual , Laguerre emphasizes , these societies are not well organized .
Rivalries between different bands are intense and often result in fights .
Prominent sorcerers and magicians will often be members of several societies simultaneously , and an up - and - coming sorcerer might found his own band in a bid to attract power .
The secret societies are as chaotic and ill - organized as all Haitian institutions .
In the course of his research on zombies , Wade Davis himself was initiated into the Bizango in a lurid midnight ceremony .
He has drawn on Laguerre ’s work and his own observations to draw two important – and somewhat terrifying – conclusions .
Davis argues that these secret societies have been intensely involved in the governance of Haiti .
During the reign of the Duvaliers , when Davis conducted his research , the president of a local secret society was very often the Chef de Section of the same community , in addition to serving as the priest of a large and powerful voodoo temple .
The president of Haiti no longer appoints the Chefs de Section , but important elected officials are still , today , often well - placed members of secret societies .
These societies control large swaths of rural Haiti .
Second , Davis argues that these societies enforce their power through zombification .
Generally , those who are zombified are only zombified after a quasi- judicial proceeding , the zombie having been accused of committing some crime against the community .
Clairvius Narcisse , for example , was zombified on account of his failure to support his illegitimate children .
Zombification is not the only punishment the secret societies can inflict , but in rural Haiti it is the ultimate sanction , more dramatic even than death .
The fear of zombification , Davis argues , is absolutely central to the social system of rural Haiti .
One example will suffice .
I asked Judge Etienne why he released Madame Precieuse from prison .
He hemmed and hawed a moment , then admitted : “ The state in Haiti ignores the persecution of these secret societies .
We need to defend ourselves .
I was afraid . ”
XI
On the same day that Mano , Overne , and Madame Precieuse were arrested , rumor spread through the town of Roseaux that Nadathe ’s zombie was being transported from Carrefour Charles .
Crowds milled about town and waited outside the home of an ambitious young sorcerer , Predieu Dorval .
Then members of the local secret society came out on the streets and told the people to disperse .
Still , Madame Zicot says witnesses told her that they saw Nadathe arrive at Dorval ’s house .
They said she was wearing a white sheet , her hair long against her neck .
Dorval later told me that he was never in possession of Nadathe ’s zombie .
He did admit , though , that he promised to return Nadathe to her mother and accepted from her 5,000 gourdes , or about $ 130 – what the average Haitian might make in three or four months – to effect various herbal and spiritual treatments intended to restore the young woman ’s right state of mind .
Finally , after more than a week , Dorval told Madame Zicot that he lacked the unilateral authority to liberate Nadathe and called on Monsieur Roswald Val , the president of the largest secret society in the region , to organize a meeting at which Nadathe ’s fate would be decided .
Sorcerers from as far away as Port - au - Prince met on the Place Roseaux , the grassy town square overlooking the transparent green sea , a hundred meters or so from Judge Etienne ’s home .
This was a gathering of presidents , emperors , and queens , each accompanied by their secretaries – 32 men and women in all .
Normally such a meeting was a private affair , but this afternoon Ascqué Neville and his brother , Louis Jean , were allowed to attend , in deference to the pressing urgency of their claim .
The brothers contributed three bottles of the best rum in Haiti , Barbancourt Cinq Étoiles , to a table laden with every kind of drink : beer , clairin , and Coca - Cola .
Finally the drunken sorcerers brought to order the business of Nadathe .
The Neville brothers had not realized the proposal to return her to her family would be so controversial .
There was talk of the repercussions of such a decision :
The society would lose its fearsome reputation ; the zombies , knowing now that their condition was not final , might revolt .
Yet there were those sympathetic to Nadathe and her plight .
This was the faction led by Monsieur Val .
Nadathe had done nothing , he reminded the others , and neither had her family .
At one point , the nervous Ascqué Neville was given the opportunity to speak .
He said , “ I need my wife so that I can marry her .
I need her quickly , ” and began to cry .
His tears won over the majority , and although no conclusive decision was reached on Nadathe ’s fate that day , there were only muted objections when Monsieur Val asked Dorval his price to give Ascqué back his fiancée .
According to the Neville brothers , Dorval later negotiated in private with them for Nadathe ’s return , agreeing that the family would pay another 5,000 gourdes – a claim Dorval denies .
Over and over again , according to Madame Zicot and Ascqué Neville , Dorval promised to give back the zombie , each promise sparking a renewed hope , followed inevitably by a crush of disappointment .
They say that Dorval failed to attend meetings , invented excuses not to return Nadathe .
Then Dorval simply refused to come out of his house altogether .
Madame Zicot then went to visit Monsieur Val , in Jérémie , where she sat with him in his study .
But the powers of even the president of the society are limited .
The societies are not strictly hierarchical , and Monsieur Val lacked the authority to command another member .
Or perhaps he simply did n’t want to .
Whatever the case , Madame Zicot says he told her , “ Madame , do not say yet that your child is lost .
Go to the Parquet . ”
Madame Zicot followed that advice and visited the Parquet , or the higher judicial authority in Jérémie , again availing herself of the authority of the state .
This decision would prove disastrous , for it gave that faction of the secret society who opposed Nadathe ’s release an overwhelming argument :
Nadathe ’s release was only possible if done secretly , quietly , discreetly .
An official in the Parquet ’s office instructed Madame Zicot to return to Judge Etienne and ask him for her daughter ’s dossier – the transcript of Mano ’s and Overne ’s confessions .
Madame Zicot did as instructed .
But the once - helpful Judge Etienne was distinctly less helpful now .
He refused to give her the dossier , would not entertain her pleas .
He was abrupt : “ The state knows nothing about the devil ’s business .
I judge the day and not the night . ”
Madame Zicot now suffered the deepest panic a mother of a missing child can feel :
She had no idea where to turn next .
She went back to Monsieur Val .
His manner was grave .
He told Madame Zicot that the society had held another meeting .
The affair had been concluded .
Another sorceress , a woman named Ti Soeur , had given a definitive veto to Madame Zicot ’s plea .
At that meeting , Ti Soeur said , “ This business has too many echoes .
Moun ki mouri mouri nét . ”
The dead are dead for good .
XII
Madame Zicot had been so close – that was the worst thing of all .
She told me that she spent the next year and a half in a maddening and futile attempt to find Nadathe .
To this very day , she still hears rumors .
The most painful one was this : that Nadathe had had a baby .
Some said that she was in northern Haiti , or in the Artibonite Valley .
People meaning well enough told her that they had heard that Nadathe was dead , dead in the definitive sense of the word , that Madame Zicot should grieve and put her heart at rest .
Madame Zicot became certain that the secret societies were now actively impeding her progress .
One night she had a meeting with a guide who promised to help her find Nadathe , but that evening , she says , a mystical sleep sent by her enemies came over her .
She could n’t wake up , and the opportunity was lost .
She had n’t given up hope entirely .
A story from the north of Haiti cheered her .
There , an old sorcerer died and his children , having been converted to Protestantism , released his zombie slaves .
But there were times when hope flagged .
She once tried to sell Nadathe ’s clothes .
She took them to her cousin Margaret ’s house and began to weep .
Margaret said , “ The tears still have n’t finished in your eyes . ”
And Madame Zicot said , “ No , the Good Lord still has n’t given me to forget . ”
XIII
I am not wealthy by American standards , but this article will probably pay me more than Madame Zicot could hope to earn in a decade .
I wondered whether this money would not be sufficient to buy Nadathe ’s freedom , if she were still alive .
Strip the story of its exoticism – replace the word “ zombified ” with “ poisoned , kidnapped , drugged , and enslaved ” – and you have a brutal crime .
To profit from her enslavement , not having done all I could to liberate her , seemed to me to cross that narrow frontier that separates curiosity from exploitation .
So I arranged a meeting with Monsieur Val .
I wanted to buy Nadathe ’s zombie .
Monsieur Val is 58 years old , stick - thin , the father of 21 , the son of the former president of his large and powerful secret society , and the father of the likely next president of the same secret society .
In his office , visible through a curtain , there was a human skull on the table , next to a foul - smelling poudre d’amour .
But my eye was attracted to Monsieur Val ’s collection of plastic fruit , ceramic figurines , and teddy bears .
One teddy bear wore a tiny T - shirt that read kiss me .
i’m irish .
I said , “ Monsieur Val , Nadathe Joassaint is worth nothing to anyone as a slave in the mountains .
If we can bring her back and give her to her mother , she ’s much more valuable – because I can write about her . ”
Our conversation here detoured to the concept of being paid by the word .
The general gist of Madame Zicot ’s story had convinced me that no appeal on humanitarian grounds was likely to be successful in obtaining Nadathe ’s liberty and would only arouse suspicion .
So I made Monsieur Val the following offer :
If he succeeded in obtaining Nadathe ’s zombie , I would give him every dollar earned on every word I wrote about her rescue .
Monsieur Val agreed .
The search began , naturally enough , with Madame Precieuse , and arrived about four months later at the mountain bungalow of a man whom I will call Monsieur H .
I met with Monsieur H. accompanied by Monsieur Val ’s son , Estime , who represents his father in dealings far from Jérémie .
I explained my proposal to Monsieur H . He was a mustachioed man in his early 50s , I reckon .
He chain - smoked menthol cigarettes and played idly with a deck of tarot cards as I spoke .
When I finished he said , “ I have never had a blan here in my home before .
I would before today have never – jamais , jamais , jamais !
– discussed these matters with a blan .
Because your ancestors are not my ancestors ! ”
He looked at me for a long time .
“ Mais… , ” he finally said .
Then he said something fast in Creole , the only words of which I understood were Barack Obama .
Monsieur H. told me that the election of Obama had made him realize that blan were not the racist , venal , cruel creatures he had always imagined .
This was about two weeks after the election .
He looked at me .
His eyes were limned with a tracery of fine red veins .
“ Did you vote for Barack Obama ? ” he asked .
Monsieur H. came so close I could feel his breath , smell it like a buzzard ’s .
The silence was unbearable , yet only I could break it .
“ Of course , ” I finally said .
This was not actually true – I had in fact forgotten to file my absentee ballot – but I probably would have voted for Obama had I voted .
Monsieur H. smiled .
“ Bien , ” he said .
“ Très bien . ”
Monsieur H. told me that he was responsible for giving zombies laissez - passer throughout this zone of the Grand ’ Anse .
All zombies who passed in or out of this region were required to come to his house and obtain the appropriate documents .
According to Monsieur H. , some months after Madame Precieuse ’s arrest , Predieu Dorval came to his house with Nadathe ’s zombie – a claim Dorval denies .
Monsieur H. gave Dorval a laissez - passer to transport Nadathe onward .
Monsieur H. told me that he saw Nadathe with his own eyes .
Nadathe could now be found in the house of her new master , which , Monsieur H. said , was not far from where we were at that moment .
If I wished to find Nadathe , Monsieur H. was willing to organize – at my expense – a large meeting of the secret society to discuss the proposal .
He felt that my chances of success were good .
I agreed to his terms .
Because I was white , I was not allowed to attend the meeting .
So Estime Val , with whom I had formed a friendship , was there to represent my interests , as was my Creole instructor Delzor , who though not a member of the society was allowed to attend the daytime sessions of the meeting .
( The midnight sessions were limited only to initiates . )
I remained in contact by cell phone with Delzor for the next three days as the negotiations proceeded .
I learned that the members of the society did not refer to one another by name , but only by number .
Monsieur 17 was in possession of Nadathe ’s zombie .
At first , Monsieur 17 was absolutely opposed to her release .
“ I ’ll kill her before I give her up , ” he said .
But a few hours later , Delzor called back .
The tide had shifted .
Monsieur 17 was no longer threatening to kill Nadathe .
Now he was asking precisely what I would do with Nadathe if they gave her back to me .
I had in fact prepared for these questions .
In Port - au - Prince , I had found an organization , associated with an evangelical church group , that worked to rehabilitate zombies .
I spoke with a pastor there , who had intervened in many cases of liberated zombies , sometimes after years of bondage .
He told me that a healthy diet , medical treatment , familial affection , and prayer were almost always sufficient to return a zombie to proper health .
Over the course of the next two days , I could feel Delzor ’s patience beginning to fray .
Each of the sorcerers was frightened of the others , he said , and only dared proceed with Nadathe ’s liberation if there was consensus in their decisions .
Although each of these sorcerers was a member of the same society , they were also heads of their own smaller societies .
And each of these societies , in turn , required unanimity before consenting to Nadathe ’s release .
It was a decision - making structure guaranteed to fail .
Slowly , my hopes of winning Nadathe ’s freedom began to slip away .
The sticking point in the negotiations was the general fear that Nadathe or Madame Zicot would return to the justice system after Nadathe ’s release .
Madame Zicot , after all , had gone to court twice so far .
Now Monsieur 17 was frightened that Nadathe , returned to full possession of her faculties , would remember who he was and where he could be found .
I could not figure out a way to overcome this problem .
I had spoken with Madame Zicot not long before and she had assured me that she had no intention of going to court – she had only visited Judge Etienne initially in the hopes of obtaining her daughter .
Through Estime Val , I tried to convince Monsieur 17 that the justice system itself would have little interest in pursuing the case , given the reputation of the society .
But Monsieur 17 reminded me that Madame Precieuse had certainly not been immune , and she had paid very dearly .
The sorcerers were by then very drunk .
They went home .
There was another meeting .
Some sorcerers who had opposed freeing Nadathe now wished to free her ; some who had supported freeing Nadathe had thought things over and decided it was n’t a good idea .
And that , more or less , was that .
I thought of going to court myself .
But I was too frightened .
Not for myself :
As I write this , I ’m far from Jérémie .
But I was frightened that if the court got involved , Monsieur 17 would straightaway kill Nadathe and bury her in some remote corner .
Or worse : Some members of the society had already accused Delzor of a kind of race - treason , representing a white man in these dealings .
I was worried that if I went to Judge Etienne , they would turn Delzor into a zombie too .
XIV
You either believe in zombies , or you do n’t .
For my part , I believe that a young woman named Nadathe Joassaint was poisoned , buried alive , stolen from her grave , drugged , transported , and enslaved .
I believe that she is alive to this day and in the possession of a man I know only as Monsieur 17 , in a region of the Grand ’
Anse I feel better not naming in print .
But I do n’t know any of this .
Some people see this whole story as an infectious case of mass delusion .
To this way of looking at things , Mano and Overne murdered Nadathe and then invented the outlandish story , thus ensnaring an innocent woman , Madame Precieuse .
The secret societies took advantage of a mother ’s desperation to fleece an easy mark .
When I arrived , they took advantage of me in the same fashion .
I found only one witness willing to testify to having seen Nadathe as a zombie , and even I would admit that Monsieur H. was not entirely credible .
On the other hand , I found dozens of witnesses to Nadathe ’s funeral , people who had seen Nadathe ’s lifeless corpse .
And , of course , the fact that nobody would produce the zombie for either Madame Zicot or me speaks for itself .
I ’ll allow the reader to decide the facts for himself .
But I do have one last piece of evidence .
About 22 months after Nadathe was buried , Ascqué Neville , her fiancé , told me that he had begun to entertain doubts about the whole story .
Perhaps Nadathe never came home simply because – because she was dead , dead and in her grave .
The simplest way to find Nadathe , he reckoned , would be to go back to the last place he had seen her .
So he decided to break open her tomb and look inside .
Sometime in September 2008 , he did just that .
Her coffin was empty .
For access to exclusive gear videos , celebrity interviews , and more , subscribe on YouTube !
America is not the only country in the world that has televised debates between political leaders and last night Mark Pack at Liberal Democrat Voice had a pop at the Guardian for ignoring the fact that there are other countries in the world that do the same , some of which have political systems that are more similar to Britain 's than the American one is .
But there is a reason why Gordon Brown , David Cameron and Nick Clegg should look to the US if they want to know how the forthcoming debates are going to pan out .
It 's simple : we just know much more about the American debates .
Much more that has been written about the presidential debates , and what impact they have on elections , than about similar contests in places like Australia , Canada and Sweden .
So , what are the lessons for the three leaders ?
I can think of five .
1. Expectations matter — a lot .
This is true of many political situations ( eg byelections ) but it is particularly true of television debates .
The standard trick is to play down expectations , so that a competent performance becomes a success .
George Bush tried this before he debated John Kerry in 2004 and Barack Obama tried it before he took on John McCain in a " town hall " debating format last year .
According to Obama 's campaign manager David Plouffe ( who has just published a book about the 2008 election ) , the Obama camp described McCain " as the best town hall performer in the history of American politics " .
I expect that within the next few weeks we 'll hear someone from Labour – probably Lord Mandelson – conceding that Cameron is likely to win the UK debates because he's a more polished television performer than Brown .
Cameron 's problem is that this is true .
In some respects the Tory leader may find it hard to " win " the debates whatever he does because many in the commentariat are already taking victory for granted .
2. Television debates are about character as much as policy .
Elections are n't just popularity contests and the debates will be about policy , and not about whether candidates prefer The X Factor to Strictly Come Dancing .
But the most memorable moments in American presidential debates have been those that have provided a vivid insight into character .
Debates are a test of emotional intelligence .
According to Drew Westen ( who analysed debates extensively in his book The Political Brain ) , " we are not moved by leaders with whom we do not feel an emotional resonance " .
The classic example of this came in 1992 , when Bill Clinton was debating George Bush .
A woman in the audience asked the candidates how " national debt " had affected them personally .
She meant " recession " , but Bush did not pick up on this and he did not understand the question .
Even after the moderator explained what she intended to say , Bush was still flummoxed and he waffled about a meeting that he had attended recently in a church .
In his book The Natural ( about Clinton ) , Joe Klein described what happened next .
After much struggle , it was Clinton 's turn – and he did something quite extraordinary .
He took three steps toward the woman and he asked her , " Tell me how it 's affected you again ? "
The woman was speechless .
Clinton helped her along , describing some of the terrible economic stories he'd heard as governor of Arkansas .
But the words were n't as important as the body language .
The three steps he had taken toward the woman spoke volumes about his empathy , his concern , his desire to respond to the needs of the public .
Bush , by contrast , was caught gazing at his wristwatch – hoping desperately that this awkward moment would soon be done .
And , indeed , it was .
The presidential campaign was , in effect , over .
3 . Some of the best lines are the ones that are spontaneous .
Candidates prepare endlessly for televised debates , and they should .
But they also need the wit to be able to come up with a spontaneous response , and the confidence to use it without worrying that it has not been tested in advance .
One of Ronald Reagan 's best debate moments came in the 1984 head - to - head with Walter Mondale when he declared : " I will not make age an issue of this campaign .
I am not going to exploit , for political purposes , my opponent 's youth and inexperience . "
That was effective , and clearly rehearsed .
But it probably was n't as influential as the moment in 1980 when he depicted Jimmy Carter as a windbag with the spontaneous put - down : " There you go again . "
4 . The media can be wrong about the winner .
After televised debates journalists like to declare who won .
But different audiences respond to debates in different ways and the political commentators cannot always predict how ordinary voters will respond .
In his book on the Obama campaign , Plouffe says this happened all the time when Obama was fighting Hillary Clinton in the primaries .
" The voters generally gave us higher marks than the pundits , and gave Clinton lower marks than the pundits .
This proved quite meaningful as the primary wore on , " he wrote .
5 . Most debates probably wo n't make much difference .
At the risk of spoiling the fun , it 's worth repeating a point made by my colleague Michael White ; these events may not make any difference at all .
In the US some presidential debates may have been influential .
But most of them were n't .
Kerry was deemed to have won all his encounters with Bush in 2004 , but that did not help him on polling day .
Although no one can predict the future , the most likely scenario is that the Tories will start the election campaign ahead in the opinion polls – and that three televised debates later they will still be in front .
3.30 pm Update : Daniel Finkelstein has posted an excellent blog on American presidential debates at the Times 's Comment Central .
He quotes from two studies both apparently showing that debates have had little or no effect on election results .
Widespread overuse of CT scans and variations in radiation doses caused by different machines -- operated by technicians following an array of procedures -- are subjecting patients to high radiation doses that will ultimately lead to tens of thousands of new cancer cases and deaths , researchers reported today .
Several recent studies have suggested that patients have been unnecessarily exposed to radiation from CTs or have received excessive amounts , but two new studies published Tuesday in the Archives of Internal Medicine are the first to quantify the extent of exposure and the related risks .
Each year that current scanners are used , researchers reported , 14,500 deaths could result .
In one study , researchers from UC San Francisco found that the same imaging procedure performed at different institutions -- or even on different machines at the same hospital -- can yield a 13 - fold difference in radiation dose , potentially exposing some patients to inordinately high risk .
While a normal CT scan of the chest is the equivalent of about 100 chest X - rays , the team found that some scanners were giving the equivalent of 440 conventional X - rays .
The absolute risk may be small for any single patient , but the sheer number of CT scans -- more than 70 million per year , 23 times the number in 1980 -- will produce a sharp increase in cancers and deaths , experts said .
“ The articles in this issue make clear that there is far more radiation from medical CT scans than has been recognized previously , ” Dr. Rita F. Redberg of UC San Francisco , editor of the journal , wrote in an editorial accompanying the reports .
Even many otherwise healthy patients are being subjected to the radiation , she said , because emergency rooms are often sending patients to the CT scanner before they see a doctor .
Whole body scans of healthy patients looking for hidden tumors or other illnesses are also becoming more common , even though they rarely find anything wrong .
The irony is that , by exposing healthy people to radiation , the scans may be creating more problems than they solve .
CT scans , short for computed tomography , provide exceptionally clear views of internal organs by combining data from multiple X - ray images .
But the price for that clarity is increased exposure to X - rays , which cause mutations in DNA that can lead to cancer .
When the screening is used for diagnostic purposes , the benefits outweigh the risks , most experts agree , though the toll increasingly ca n’t be ignored .
Scanner manufacturers are designing instruments that use lower doses of radiation , but many older machines rely on higher doses .
Machine settings for particular procedures , furthermore , are not standardized , and individual radiologists use the technology differently for different patients , leading to wide variance in doses delivered to the subjects .
The recent episodes of unusually high radiation doses delivered to patients at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles and Glendale Adventist Medical Center were particularly egregious examples that involved inadvertently inappropriate settings on the instruments , and such cases were not included in the new analyses .
The highest doses of radiation are routinely used for coronary angiography , in which cardiologists image the heart and its major blood vessels to look for blockages or other abnormalities .
Under the normal dosages of radiation for the procedure , about 1 in 270 women and 1 in 600 men who receive it at age 40 will develop cancer as a result , reported Dr. Rebecca Smith - Bindman , a professor of radiology and epidemiology at UC San Francisco , and her colleagues .
Surprisingly , according to Dr. Michael S. Lauer of the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute , there are no clinical trials that show such imaging saves lives .
For a routine head scan , one in 8,100 women who undergo the scans and one in 11,080 men will develop a tumor .
“ For 20 - year - old patients , the risks were approximately doubled , and for 60 - year - old patients , they were approximately 50 % lower , ” the researchers wrote .
“ This study is being taken very seriously by radiologists , ” Dr. Alec Megibow , a professor of radiology at NYU Langone Medical Center said in a statement .
He cautioned that careless use of scanners can lead to high doses of radiation , but argued that , with proper use , “ the benefits of a CT scan far outweigh the risks . ”
In a separate paper , epidemiologist Amy Berrington de Gonzales and her colleagues at the National Cancer Institute constructed a computer program to estimate the risks associated with CT scans .
They concluded that about 29,000 future cancers could be related to CT scans performed in the United States in 2007 alone .
That includes 14,000 cases resulting from scans of the abdomen and pelvis , 4,100 from chest scans and 2,700 from heart scans .
Taking into account the cancer mortality rate from radiation exposure , plus the age of the population undergoing such scans , the researchers estimated that the cases would result in 14,500 deaths per year .
Two - thirds of the cancers would be in women , who are more vulnerable to radiation .
And the younger a patient is at the time of the scan , the higher the risk of cancer eventually developing .
Researchers ’ conclusions are based on the assumption that the patients receive a normal dose of radiation , but that is not necessarily a good assumption .
Smith - Bindman and her colleagues studied the radiation doses received by 1,119 adult patients at four San Francisco Bay Area hospitals between Jan. 1 and May 30 of 2008 .
Estimating the amount of radiation received by the patients , they concluded that dosing was highly variable both between institutions and within them as well .
Some patients got below - normal doses .
There is little that individual patients can do about the vagaries of doses delivered by different machines .
But they do need to be their own advocates , said Dr. Rosaleen Parsons , chair of the department of diagnostic imaging at Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia .
Patients should keep their own records of the number of scans they have received , question why repeat studies are necessary and argue for other types of imaging , such as magnetic resonance imaging , or MRI , to minimize exposure to radiation , she said .
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
Does Santa Have an Evil Twin ?
Just Ask European Children Children can wallow in fear with darker Santas and their sidekicks .
LONDON , Dec. 20 , 2009  --
What 's not to love about Santa Claus ?
He 's jolly , kind , patient and , with a workshop full of scurrying little elves , he makes children 's dreams come true .
Santa depicts the soul of goodness and the spirit of Christmas itself -- at least in America .
Elsewhere , Santa has a much darker side .
The Netherlands ' Sinterklaas does have a white beard and a big book with children 's names in it , much like the gentle Santa who keep a list of who 's naughty and nice , but he also goes about with a posse of soot - covered sidekicks called " Black Peters . "
If Sinterklaas ' records show a child to have been particularly bad , legend has it he or she could be carried off by a Black Peter to be turned into a cookie .
Dutch journalist and filmmaker Arnold - Jan Scheer has studied St. Nicholas ' scary side .
He says some parents feel it 's good for their children to be taunted and intimidated by St. Nick 's helpers .
" I think the mother thinks , well , this is tradition , this is part of life , this is how it has to be , " Scheer said .
" Children need to be confronted with their fears . "
In parts of France , St. Nicholas is accompanied by a cannibalistic child killer named Père Fouettard ( or the " Whipping Father " ) .
He flogs children who have been naughty and dispenses lumps of coal , leaving St. Nick to bestow gifts to the good .
In village parades this time of year , sinister Père Fouettards grab children and whisk them along , while some cry in fear and others taunt him back .
In parts of Austria , it 's worse still .
When St. Nicholas makes a house call , he is accompanied by a demon named Krampus .
While St. Nick rewards good children , Krampus beats the bad ones .
Wearing fierce - looking masks , horns and animals skins , he overturns tables , sets fires , and grabs adults and children to spank them while St. Nicholas watches from the sidelines .
Children Scream and Run Away From Scary Santa Sidekicks
Scheer has filmed Santa 's scary sidekicks in action throughout Europe .
He 's captured scenes of children screaming and reaching for their mothers .
The mothers themselves scream as Krampus comes for adults , too .
" There is an understanding that if you 're around during this rampage , yes , you could be attacked , you could be wounded , " Scheer said .
Rev. Canon James Rosenthal , the president of the St. Nicholas Center , has studied the roots of the holiday legend .
" Why do they do it ? ...
They wanted to tell the story of good versus evil , " he says .
" Nicholas is good and the devil is bad . "
Clearly , the gentle image of Santa and his elf helpers that American children grow to love is n't the one that some European children grow up with .
" I do n't think the children are completely traumatized , " the filmmaker Arnold - Jan Scheer says .
" But it is definitely something that stays with them . "
Timothy Egan on American politics and life , as seen from the West .
After the last insult had been spat from the Senate floor , after final passage of a legislative attempt to do something significant in this messy democracy , a leading voice of the opposition made a public prediction :
“ People will be hunting Democrats with dogs , ” said Senator Phil Gramm of Texas .
This was 1993 , in the fragile first year of Bill Clinton ’s presidency , on a vote to raise taxes for the wealthiest 1.2 percent and cut them for the poor and small businesses .
That budget bill passed without a single Republican vote .
What followed was the greatest period of peacetime prosperity in modern times , a budget surplus of $ 559 billion and a president who left office with an approval rating of 66 percent — the highest of any since World War II .
But first , some Democrats were indeed hunted , particularly in the South , which has been cleansing itself of the party since the Civil Rights era .
Gramm went on to deregulate the banking industry , setting the stage for a binge of economic nihilism that nearly brought down the world economy .
That fight in 1993 is worth recalling this Christmas Eve , as the voices of the apocalypse rain down on Democrats who dare try to expand health care for their fellow Americans .
In many ways , the budget vote 16 years ago ushered in the modern era of hyper - partisanship .
Right - wing talk radio hosts were just entering their steroid phase , threatening any Republican who voted for a bill that ultimately led to budget surpluses .
From then on , nobody could “ respectfully disagree . ”
Moderates were called wussies , traitors and socialists .
When Republicans gained control of everything , the fringe Democratic left took their rhetorical cues from their angry counterparts on the right .
This year , things became coarser still with the “ tea party ” extremists , who taught Republicans in Congress how to shout “ You lie ! ” to the president and cast aspersions on something so innocuous as a pep talk to school children .
What the Senate has done this week will not break the economy or cure all that ails a profoundly imperfect health care system .
“ What we are building here is not a mansion , ” said Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa .
“ It ’s a starter home .
But it ’s got a great foundation . ”
For that , it deserved at least a handful of Republican votes .
Can the bill , without its public option , making reforms that many in the G.O.P. advocated in last year ’s election , really be so one - sided that not one lone Republican could support it ?
I was hoping for a profile in courage , just to signal a truce of sorts during this awful epoch of toxic nastiness .
Instead , we got cowardice .
But by the rules of political combat dating to 1993 , the opposing party can take no other stance .
So , there was Tom Coburn , Republican of Oklahoma , all but calling for the Almighty to strike down an aging Democratic legislator , when he urged people to pray that at least one senator would not make it to the chambers during a snowstorm .
His colleagues took it as a clear reference to the ailing , wheelchair - bound , 92 - year - old Robert Byrd .
And there was Mike Huckabee , showing once again his Gomer Pyle piety without Gomer ’s sincerity , comparing the vote of Senator Ben Nelson , the last Democratic holdout to join his party , to Judas Iscariot , who sold out Christ .
Topping them all was Michael Steele , the Republican National Committee chair , saying Congress was “ flipping the bird ” to the American people with the vote to expand health care .
Daniel Webster he ain’t .
But let ’s put that quote up on the board for posterity .
The other side was not much better , with Democratic majority leader Harry Reid comparing opponents to slave holders .
For now , Americans are against “ the bill , ” whatever they think it is .
But strong majorities favor a public option , and reining in insurance companies , and overhauling the medical industrial complex .
They want reform .
They just do n’t want the fight .
As people get a chance to see what ’s actually in the bill , sentiment will shift .
Over time , it closes the dreaded doughnut hole , which makes cash - strapped seniors pay for their meds at the point when they are most in hock to Big Pharma .
It forces insurance companies to cover people with pre-existing conditions .
By creating an exchange where people can shop for coverage , the bill seeks to bring care to 31 million additional Americans .
And it does all this , according to the independent Congressional Budget Office , by reducing the deficit $ 132 billion over 10 years .
There are new taxes on tanning salons — already dubbed the Boehner tax , for the preternaturally bronzed Republican House leader from Ohio — and those at the highest end .
Will Democrats run on it , or run from it ?
That depends on whether they take a long view , and fight , or a short view and cower .
There are plenty of people in the latter camp .
The former can look to the lonely legislators who stood with Bill Clinton in 1993 and say “ told you so , ” while grandchildren listen at Christmas .
Welcome to Tourvey
@ Tourvey our job is to assist you in answering questions that you need answered to be successful .
We do this by conducting web - based surveys using cutting edge research with the sole purpose of assisting you in better using your resources .
We currently offer two services which allow you to analyze not only how you are doing on all of the variables analyzed , but also gives you comparative data from similar entities .
This allows you to benchmark yourself against others , giving direct insight into how to improve your product offerings .
Our first service is a Website Evaluation and Conversion Study , while our second product is a Literature Evaluation and Conversion Study .
We know you have questions about them that need to be answered .
Tour our website or give us a call to find answers .
Tourism Marketing , Website Surveys , Travel Surveys , Travel Tourism Marketing , Tourism Surveys at Tourvey .
Keith Olbermann delivers the news that among the finalists for The New Oxford American Dictionary ’s 2009 Word Of The Year was " teabagger . "
Advocates are seeing red over an upcoming film called “ Pink ” that appears to be filled with stereotypes and negative messages about same - sex couples adopting children .
The poster asks the question : “ gay adoption — success or mistake ? ”
Advocates have started a change.org petition asking the country ’s human rights commission to look into whether the film is homophobic .
Its opening is scheduled for March 4 .
According to some media reports the commission is already investigating the issue .
“ Pink ” was directed by Paco del Toro and his company Armagedon Films which has made other films with a conservative point of view , as well as a film about singer Yuri .
Advocates recently protested at a concert by Yuri , who allegedly supports the film and who has a large number of LGBT fans .
A look at the film ’s trailer confirms advocates ’ fears that it ’s chock full of stereotypes and anti-gay caricatures .
More on the controversy in this story ( in Spanish ) in Buzzfeed .
http://www.buzzfeed.com/raquelmiserachi/esta-pelicula-sobre-adopcion-gay-esta-causando-controversia.
A ban on adoption by same - sex couples was struck down in August of 2015 by Mexico ’s highest court .
In the U.S. there are approximately 1.4 million LGBT Latinos and about 30 % of them are raising children .
Dishonest and stereotypical representations fuel prejudice , foment anti-LGBT violence and give a green light to LGBT bullying which , sadly , already makes life intolerable for young gay and transgender people all around the world .
Tokyo Cabinet is a rather excellent key - value store , with the ability to write to disk in a sane way ( i.e. not just repeatedly dumping the same data over and over again ) , operate in bounded memory , and go really fast .
I like it a lot , and there ’s a likelihood that there ’ll be a RabbitMQ plugin fairly soon that ’ll use Tokyo Cabinet to improve the new persister yet further .
Toke is an Erlang linked - in driver that allows you to use Tokyo Cabinet from Erlang .
There is already a Tokyo Cabinet driver for Erlang , tcerl , however , I could n’t make it work : even after fixing the C so that it compiles ( I hit this bug ) , I still could n’t make it work .
Inspecting the code , I get the feeling it ’s bit-rotted – the Tokyo Cabinet API has moved on , and tcerl has n’t kept up .
The other issue with tcerl is that it ’s not a linked - in driver .
Erlang allows two different types of drivers : the first are external C programs — these have a main ( ) and run in their own process .
Communication is done by stdin / stdout .
These are a bit safer because if they crash they do n’t take out the Erlang VM , but they ’re never going to be blazingly fast .
Toke , on the other hand , is a fully linked - in driver .
It dynamically links with the Erlang VM , exists in the same address space and goes as fast as it possibly can ( using the Erlang driver callbacks which avoid all copying of data passed from the Erlang ) .
My tests show it ’s about three times slower driving Tokyo Cabinet from Erlang via
Toke , than driving it natively through C ( which is quite good : some googling suggests both the Ruby and Python bindings to Tokyo Cabinet are rather slower ) .
Toke is also about twice as slow as the Erlang ets module , which is in - memory only .
Toke only implements the Tokyo Cabinet hash table ( tchdb * ) functions , and does n’t even support all of those : I only wrapped exactly what I needed .
You ’ll want to read the documentation for Tokyo Cabinet for these .
The functions implemented are as follows ( refer to the Tokyo Cabinet documentation to explain these further ) :
toke_drv:new/1 —
Set up the driver with a new TCHDB object .
toke_drv:delete/1 —
Destroy the driver ’s TCHDB object .
toke_drv:tune/5 —
Tune the driver ’s TCHDB Object .
toke_drv:set_cache/2 —
Set the number of records to cache .
toke_drv:set_xm_size/2 —
Set the extra amount of memory mapped in .
toke_drv:set_df_unit/2 —
Set the steps between auto defrag .
toke_drv:open/3 —
Open a db .
toke_drv:close/1 —
Close an open db .
toke_drv:insert/3 —
Insert .
If the key already exists , value is updated .
toke_drv:insert_new/3 —
Insert new .
If the key already exists , the old value is silently kept .
toke_drv:insert_concat/3 —
Concatenate the supplied value with an existing value for this key .
toke_drv:insert_async/3 —
Asynchronously insert .
If the key already exists , value is updated .
toke_drv:delete/2 —
Delete a key from the db .
toke_drv:get/2 —
Fetch a key from the db .
Returns ‘ not_found ’ on occasion .
toke_drv:fold/3 —
Fold over every value in the db .
This internally uses the iteration functions .
It ’s just wrapped up as a fold to make it appear more functional .
toke_drv:stop/1 —
Stop the driver and close the port .
You should be able to use Mercurial to clone it :
# hg clone http://hg.opensource.lshift.net/toke/
Make sure you have Tokyo Cabinet installed ( ideally from source .
If you ’re using a package , make sure you have the development headers available .
If you do compile from source , make sure you ldconfig to make your system pick up the new library once it ’s installed . ) .
Then it should just be a case of make .
There ’s also a make run target that starts up an Erlang shell with the paths set up correctly for testing Toke :
toke # make run erl - pa ebin + K true +A30 Erlang R13B03 ( erts - 5.7.4 ) [ source ] [ 64 - bit ] [ smp:4:4 ] [ rq :4 ] [ async - threads :30 ] [ hipe ] [ kernel - poll:true ] Eshell V5.7.4 ( abort with ^G ) 1 > toke_test:test ( ) .
passed 2 >
Toke is licensed under the MPL .
As ever , feedback is very welcome , as are patches !
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A colony of huge cave spiders are finally heading home after 10 years .
The spiders have been squatting in a disused building in the Yorkshire Dales after escaping from a nearby cave , hidden in scientists ' equipment .
Volunteers and staff from the National Trust 's Malham Tarn estate in North Yorkshire are now transporting the spiders back to their natural home .
Measuring seven centimetres across , the cave spiders are amongst the largest spiders found in the UK .
" The time has come for the cave spiders to be relocated back to their natural homes , " says Martin Davies , National Trust property manager for the Yorkshire Dales in the UK .
The old house is due to be renovated for use by visiting schoolchildren and walkers , Mr Davies explains .
Stow away
Ten years ago , a team of archaeologists from the University of Bradford carried out a major survey of the nearby Chapel Fell cave .
At the end of each day , they took their equipment to a nearby house to store overnight .
In doing so , they accidently carried with them spiders hiding among the equipment .
Squatting in a house for a decade
From then on , the spiders successfully set up a new colony in the small dark building .
The cave spiders Meta menardi and the related Meta bourneti are rarely seen beyond their natural habitat of caves and tunnels because of their aversion to light .
They are active hunters and normally feed on small insects .
Although harmless , they can occasionally bite if provoked .
Homeward bound
The spiders are collected using a contraption called a ' pooter ' which sucks the spider up safely into a container .
The spiders are then put into individual plastic boxes and released back into the darkness of the caves .
More than 150 spiders will make the short journey back to where they belong .
Once back in the caves , the spiders wo n't be forgotten , Mr Davies says .
" We have plans to use a small outbuilding as a spider house , with a window on their mysterious world . "
There 's beena a lot of dicussion lately about so - called peak gold .
But as gold 's fans will tell you gold is n't a commodity , it 's a form of money .
Gold is n't actually intended to be used in anything .
But what about metals that are meant to be used in industrial purposes .
In an excellent presentation , André Diederen presents an argument that all of the world 's important industrial metals are dwindling , and that despite increasing explortation budgets , our sources of them are becoming rare and more concentrated .
We present , via The Oil Drum , Diederen 's presentation Global Resource Depletion : Metal minerals scarcity and the Elements of Hope .
Nvidia CEO Jen Hsun Huang believes the US Federal Trade Commission 's lawsuit against Intel could " completely transform the computer industry . "
On Wednesday , the FTC sued the world 's largest chip maker over alleged anticompetitive practices .
Among other things , the consumer watchdog accused Intel of illegally attempting to smother the makers of rival graphic chips .
" These products have lessened the need for CPUs , and therefore pose a threat to Intel ’s monopoly power , " the complaint reads .
" Intel has responded to this competitive challenge by embarking on a similar anticompetitive strategy , which aims to preserve its CPU monopoly by smothering potential competition from GPU chips such as those made by Nvidia . "
After the release of the complaint , Jen Hsan Huang addressed the suit in an internal Nvidia memo , shared with Cnet .
" This is an action the industry needs and one that consumers deserve .
And it's one that can completely transform the computer industry , " he writes .
" Intel is fully aware that great graphics have become one of the most important features for consumer PCs , the fastest - growing segment of the PC market .
Even more alarming to Intel is the revolutionary parallel computing technology in our GPUs that is being adopted by software developers across the world .
" The more successful we became , the bigger threat we were to Intel 's monopoly .
Instead of creating competitive GPU solutions and competing on the merits of their products , Intel has resorted to unlawful acts to stop us . "
What 's more , Huang sees the suit as a ringing endorsement for the graphics - chip industry - Intel aside .
" Today 's FTC announcement highlights the industry - changing impact of the GPU and the importance of our work , " he says .
" Our innovation is making the PC magical and amazing again .
I can now imagine the day when Intel can no longer block consumers from enjoying our creation and experience computing in a way we know is possible . " ®
Justice Minister Yaakov
Ne’eman ’s explicit and open declaration that Torah laws should be applied in the State of Israel in a phased manner exposes his aspiration for a revolution in Israel , no less .
This is not “ conscientious disobedience ” or “ civil disobedience , ” but rather , a revolution , clear and simple .
Just like the French or Russian revolution .
Allowing such man to serve as justice minister is like allowing someone who endorses theft from the public coffers to serve as finance minister , or allowing a person who endorses corruption by public officials to serve as attorney general .
Third World Justice ?
Justice minister causes stir over restoration of Torah law Ynet reporters
After urging to restore ' past glory ' justice minister claims his statements did n't imply replacement of state laws with halachic ones .
Meretz says Ne'eman 's vision , proclaimed before rabbis , is ' disgusting ' and reflects ' talibanization '
Justice minister causes stir over restoration of Torah law
Israel ’s legal system is premised on democratic , liberal , and Zionist values .
The democratic values are manifested , first and foremost , by the fact that every Israeli citizen takes part in the elections for the Knesset , and it is the Knesset that makes our laws .
In this manner , every citizen equally takes part in legislation via their elected representatives .
The liberal values are manifested by the fact that our laws must apply to every citizen , with no regard to religion , creed , gender , descent , health condition , age , etc .
They also aim to provide each citizen with as much freedom as possible to choose their desirable lifestyle .
The law forcefully intervenes only when one person hurts another , or when the State needs its citizens ’ contribution ( for example , through military service or taxes ) to survive .
Laws do not always meet these liberal criteria , but that ’s the aim .
The Zionist values are manifested , first and foremost , by defining the State of Israel as the Jewish people ’s national home .
They are manifested by the Law of Return , and by the preference given to Hebrew and Jewish holidays .
No equality in Jewish law
Jewish laws are neither democratic nor liberal or Zionistic .
Their source is seemingly divine , that is , metaphysically absolute and superior , and hence people cannot condition them upon anything .
If the laws of the Torah rule that a person who ate in Yom Kippur or a man who engaged in sexual relations with another man should be put to death , even an absolute majority of civilian representatives cannot annul it ( but rather , only present various reservations , as the sages of the Mishna and Talmud did . )
Jewish law is not liberal because it does not sanctify individual autonomy and does not hesitate to decide for whoever it classifies as a Jew what he must eat , what kind of sexual relations he is allowed to engaged in and when , and how he needs to act at every personal junction of his life .
Jewish law does not believe in equality between all people , and imposes different laws for men and women , Jews and non-Jews , and all sorts of discriminatory categories such as “ bastards . ”
Finally , Jewish law is not Zionistic because it is not the result of a national and modern worldview , and it perceives the Jews as a religious sect , rather than as a nation in its contemporary meaning .
Jewish law is a fascinating cultural creation that can be enjoyed and studied as ancient law .
We can quote it to embellish verdicts , and we can appreciate it when its values are commensurate with the democratic , liberal , and Zionist values of the State of Israel .
However , applying it as the State ’s law would turn us into the Jewish version of Iran .
Dr. Orit Kamir is a law and gender lecturer and co-director of the Israeli Center for Human Dignity
PARIS  Dominique Broueilh is an unlikely cyberdelinquent , much less a political dissident .
But earlier this year , Ms. Broueilh , 50 , a homemaker and mother of three , found herself the target of a police investigation and a lawsuit from a French cabinet official because of a comment she had posted online .
Ms. Broueilh had come upon a video of the official , Nadine Morano , the secretary of state for the family , caught in a seeming untruth regarding her presence at a 2007 conference .
“ Oh , the liar , ” Ms. Broueilh wrote , under a pseudonym , in comments below the clip .
The judicial police called in May on a weekday afternoon .
“ I said to myself , ‘ This must be a joke , it ’s not possible , ’ ” Ms. Broueilh recounted in a telephone interview from her home in St. - Paul - lès - Dax , south of Bordeaux .
“ It ’s ridiculous , after all . ”
The police said Ms. Morano , a combative politician and one of President Nicolas Sarkozy ’s closest allies , had subpoenaed Ms. Broueilh ’s Internet protocol address , obtained her identity and brought suit against her for “ public insult toward a member of the ministry , ” an offense punishable by a fine of up to $ 18,000 .
by
For many years it has been widely believed that if you wanted to buy a quality car that would be reliable for years to come , you should avoid the big three American car manufacturers and buy something foreign .
While the American car makers did little to help themselves by mostly producing inferior products , over the past couple years it seems as if they have done a good job of got their act together and have started making better quality and better value vehicles .
In fact , just this past year , it was Ford , not Honda or Toyota , that scored the highest for quality and reliability .
While this is certainly good news for the American automotive industry , the bad news is all of the shoddy work of prior years makes it hard to shake the “ just not good enough ” image .
Here ’s how nearly 500 people responded when asked :
Do you believe American cars are the same quality as foreign cars ?
60 % said “ No , I think they are worse quality . ”
25 % said “ Yes , they are on par . ”
13 % said “ No , I think they are better quality . ”
2 % said they had no opinion
Considering the awful state of the “ Big Three ” U.S. auto makers , this certainly is n’t very good news .
Â
And I ’m sure news like this makes the Federal government worried that they might not ever make back their bailout — I mean investment — in GM and Chrysler .
As someone who has owned nothing but American cars ( a Plymouth Acclaim and two Neons ) Iâ€™ll have to admit Iâ€™m a bit biased when it comes to this issue , and I ’m certainly very hopeful that American sentiment will turn regarding American car companies .
That being said , since it took years for Ford , GM and Chrysler to develop the “ clunker ” reputation , it ’s going to take just as long for them to get out from under the shadow .
Hit the ← or → key to navigate to other images
Did you know there is an anti-Santa Claus ?
His name is Krampus , a mythical creature who accompanies Saint Nicholas in various regions of the world during the Christmas season .
Krampus acts as an anti–Saint Nicholas , who instead of giving gifts to good children , gives warnings and punishments to the bad children .
Traditionally , young men dress up as the Krampus in the first two weeks of December , particularly in the evening of December 5 , and roam the streets frightening children and women with rusty chains and bells .
In some rural areas the tradition also includes birching by Krampus , especially of young females .
Britain has acted to increase pressure on Israel over its West Bank settlements by advising UK supermarkets on how to distinguish between foods from the settlements and Palestinian - manufactured goods .
The government 's move falls short of a legal requirement but is bound to increase the prospects of a consumer boycott of products from those territories .
Israeli officials and settler leaders were tonight highly critical of the decision .
Until now , food has been simply labelled " Produce of the West Bank " , but the new , voluntary guidance issued by the Department for the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) , says labels could give more precise information , like " Israeli settlement produce " or " Palestinian produce " .
Nearly 500,000 Jewish settlers live in East Jerusalem and the West Bank , which were conquered in the 1967 war .
The British government and the EU have repeatedly said Israel 's settlement project is an " obstacle to peace " in the Middle East .
EU law already requires a distinction to be made between goods originating in Israel and those from the occupied territories , though pro-Palestinian campaigners say this is not always observed .
Separately , Defra said that traders would be committing an offence if they did declare produce from the occupied territories as " Produce of Israel " .
Foods grown in Israeli settlements include herbs sold in supermarkets , such as Waitrose , which chop , package and label them as " West Bank " produce , making no distinction between Israelis and Palestinians .
A total of 27 Israeli firms operating in settlements and exporting to the UK have been identified : their produce includes fruit , vegetables , cosmetics , pharmaceuticals , plastic and metal items and textiles .
Other retailers selling their products include Tesco , Sainsbury 's , Somerfield , John Lewis and B&Q .
Goods from inside Israel 's 1967 borders are entitled to a preferential rate of import duty under an agreement with the EU .
Palestinian goods from the West Bank , Gaza and East Jerusalem also enjoy duty - free or reduced - tariff treatment .
Settlement products fall outside these two categories .
" This is emphatically not about calling for a boycott of Israel , " a Foreign Office spokesman said .
" We believe that would do nothing to advance the peace process .
We oppose any such boycott of Israel .
We believe consumers should be able to choose for themselves what produce they buy .
We have been very clear both in public and in private that settlements are illegal and an obstacle to peace . "
The TUC general secretary , Brendan Barber , welcomed the public clarification that marking produce from illegal settlements on occupied territory as " produce of Israel " was illegal , but said the government should have gone further .
Barbara Stocking , Oxfam 's chief executive , said : " We support the right of consumers to know the origin of the products they purchase .
Trade with Israeli settlements – which are illegal under international law – contributes to their economic viability and serves to legitimise them .
It is also clear from our development work in West Bank communities that settlements have led to the denial of rights and create poverty for many Palestinians . "
Dani Dayan , the Argentinian - born leader of the Yesha Council , which represents Israeli settlers , said the decision was the " latest hostile step " from Britain .
" Products from our communities in Judea and Samaria should be treated as any other Israeli product , " he said , using an Israeli term for the West Bank .
Israeli officials said they feared this was a slide towards a broader boycott of Israeli goods .
Yigal Palmor , Israel 's foreign ministry spokesman , said his country 's produce was being unfairly singled out .
" It looks like it is catering to the demands of those whose ultimate goal is the boycott of Israeli products , " he said .
" The message here will very likely be used by pro-boycott campaigners .
It is a matter of concern . "
He said the issue of different European customs tariffs should not extend to different labelling on supermarket shelves .
" It is a totally different thing and not required by the EU . "
Israel came under intense US pressure early this year to halt construction in settlements , but has only adopted a temporary , partial freeze .
Palestinian leaders say they will not restart peace negotiations until there is a full settlement freeze in line with the US road map of 2003 .
The Palestine Solidarity Campaign said it welcomed the new guidance but urged Defra to go further : " The government must seek prosecutions of companies which smuggle settlement goods in under false labels .
" We have received many calls from people who were distressed when they bought goods labelled ' Produce of the West Bank ' because they thought they were aiding the Palestinian economy , then realised they were economically aiding Israel 's illegal occupation .
" Particularly following Israel 's massacre in Gaza , consumers have been shocked at Israel 's war crimes and want to take action .
They do not want to feel complicit in Israel 's occupation by buying stolen goods . "
' Customers will now have honest information '
The most recent government figures suggest only about £ 800,000 of food products , about three - quarters of it olive oil ( below right ) , was imported from occupied Palestinian territories in the three years between 2006 and 2008 .
Sainsbury's , which sells dates and small amounts of basil and tarragon , welcomed " the greater clarity on how to label produce from occupied territories " .
" This allows us to fulfil our commitment of providing customers with clear and honest information about the origins of their food , " the supermarket chain said .
" We have full traceability back to settlement and / or grower . "
Waitrose also said it would be following the guidance on the small number of West Bank lines it sold .
" We source a small selection of herbs from the West Bank area , grown on two Israeli - managed farms , on which a Palestinian and Israeli workforce have worked side by side for many years , " said a spokesman .
" We are not motivated by politics .
Instead our policy is to ensure high standards of farming and worker welfare on the farms from which we source .
Our buyers … have visited the two farms in the West Bank to ensure that worker welfare meets the high standards that we insist on .
As part of our normal sourcing policy we will be carrying out an audit on these farms in the next six months . "
This year the Co-op began selling Fairtrade olive oil from the West Bank – a move hailed by Gordon Brown , who said it meant British shoppers could help Palestinian farmers make a living .
Toby Quantrill , head of public policy for the Fairtrade Foundation , said farmers in Palestine faced barriers to trade which jeopardised opportunities to trade internationally on equal terms with people making similar products .
James Meikle
This article originally contained comments wrongly attributed to Barbara Stocking , Oxfam 's chief executive .
This has been corrected .
Banning LLP is a personal injury law firm with a real depth of experience in maritime and admiralty claims .
Located in Rancho Santa Fe , California , our attorneys represent seamen of U.S. and foreign flag vessels sailing worldwide that have a base of operations in the United States .
Founding Partner , William Banning , is a Certified Specialist in Admiralty & Maritime Law .
Our lawyers handle personal injury and wrongful death claims under the Jones Act , the Death on the High Seas Act , the Longshore and Harbor Workers ' Compensation Act , and other U.S. laws protecting seamen , fishermen , harbor workers and their families .
We also represent clients who are injured in accidents on land or who are victims of insurance bad faith .
Our thoroughness in preparing cases for trial helps us to avoid trial in most cases .
Our attorneys obtain settlements in 95 percent of the cases we handle .
View our recent results to see examples of the successful outcomes we have achieved for our clients .
Ambrose Evans - Pritchard explores some of the options for Greece :
Mr Papandreou faces circumstances ( akin ) to those of Argentine leaders in 2001 , when they tried to cut wages in the mistaken belief that ditching the dollar - peg would prove calamitous .
Buenos Aires erupted in riots .
The police lost control , killing 27 people .
President De la Rua was rescued from the Casa Rosada by an air force helicopter .
The peg collapsed , setting in train the biggest sovereign default in history .
Economists waited for the sky to fall .
It refused to do so .
Argentina achieved Chinese growth for half a decade : 8.8 pc in 2003 , 9 pc in 2004 , 9.2 pc in 2005 , 8.5 pc in 2006 , and 8.7 pc in 2007 .
London bankers were soon lining up to lend money ( our pension funds ? ) to the Argentine state – despite the 70 pc haircut suffered by earlier creditors .
In theory , Greece could do the same : restore its currency , devalue , pass a law switching internal euro debt into drachmas , and " restructure " foreign contracts .
This is the " kitchen - sink " option .
Such action would allow Greece to break out of its death loop .
Read the whole thing >>
Europe ’s Planck satellite will measure the big bang ’s afterglow with unprecedented precision ( Illustration : NASA )
COSMOLOGISTS are doing the happy dance .
The European Space Agency ’s Planck mission is busy surveying the cosmic microwave background , aka the “ echo ” of the big bang , and in 2013 will release a feast of data that promises to deliver profound new insights into the origin of the universe .
Surely a victory for science ?
Only , it seems , if cosmologists can resist the temptation to gorge themselves on all those goodies .
A trio of astronomers have warned that , unless we use the information sparingly , we risk squandering a …
Since the release of the Met Office Subset recently , I have been looking further at the data trying to evaluate what exactly is contained therein .
One of the checks that one would like to do – determining how the global gridded data is calculated – is not really possible .
The data set is self - admittedly incomplete and , anyway , a list of which stations are used and which are n’t is not provided .
However , I decided to look at the grid cells information of the provided stations anyway to see what was going on .
Using another fairly extensive file of station information which I already possessed , ghcnd - stations .
txt ( which I believe to be downloaded from the previous incarnation of ClimateAudit.org ) , I did some checking of Met station information against the ghcn file .
Using only those that I could easily match up in the two data sets , I found differences in coordinates and elevations of a number of stations .
Although the heights ( altitudes ) need to be looked into further , because some of the differences can be quite large , the grid squares of most of the numerically different coordinates seemed to be unaffected by those differences .
Except …
I have mentioned before that for some unknown reason , Met and Cru prefer to do the opposite of what one might normally expect for coding longitude values .
East of Greenwich , their longitudes are negative and those west are positive – not what one would expect for drawing maps and not what one might generally find in other global reference venues .
Unfortunately , this seems to have also caused some confusion for the Met Office .
From the Met data subset , the meta - information describing the following stations in the South Pacific was :
id name country lat long height 1596 916500 ROTUMA FIJI - 12.5 - 177.1 62 1599 916830 NAUSORI A FIJI - 18.1 - 178.6 6 1604 917880 NUKU’ALOFA
TONGA - 21.1 - 175.1 2 1595 916430 FUNAFUTI TUVALU -8.5 179.1 1 1597 916520 UDU
POINT FIJI - 16.1 180 62 1598 916800 NADI A FIJI -17.8 177.5 16 1600 916990 ONO - I- LAU FIJI -20.7 178.7 27 1601 917530 HIHIFO WALLIS ISL .
- 13.2 176.2 12
I plotted the locations in R ( re-centering at the dateline – longitudes are measured from that coordinate ) .
Grid cell boundaries are given in green .
The graph on the left is the result :
The graph on the right is based on the coordinates gleaned from Wikipedia ( yeah , I know … , but I trusted them anyway ) .
The most obvious problem is that Nadi Airport from Fiji seems to have been relocated into the open ocean hundreds of kilometers from where a plane could safely land .
But that is not the only error .
Each of the four sites printed in blue on the right had the wrong sign for the longitude in the data .
The net effect is that all four are NOT in the correct grid cell .
Is this important ?
I do n’t know since we are not informed as to what is used in the calculation of the gridded data .
Could it have an effect on the global land series ?
Who knows ?
The southern portion of the tropical latitudes with wide ocean expanses and the absence of stations in a major part of central Africa is represented by relatively fewer grid cells and a sparser number of stations .
As well , these latitude bands have a higher weight due to a larger area than the bands nearer the poles .
Either way , a little quality control would be a good first step toward producing some confidence in the whole process .
[ Update December 28 , 2009 : The source that I used for Ono - I - Lau was http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ono-i-Lau .
I did not notice that text on that page stated
< blockquote > Ono-i-Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji ’s Lau archipelago .
One of the southernmost of the Lau Islands , it is located at 20.80° South and 178.75° East , and occupies an area of 7.9 square kilometers .
It has a maximum elevation of 113 meters .
It is 90 kilometers southsouthwest of Vatoa , the nearest island .</ blockquote >
while the upper right corner on the same page gave the coordinates as 20°39′S , 178°44′W .
I went with the text ( confirmation bias ? 😉 ) .
Checking later , http://www.maplandia.com/fiji/airports/ono-i-lau-airport/ gives the information ( and a Google map ) as
airport name : Ono I Lau Airport
geographical location : 20° 38 ′ 59 ″ South , 178° 41 ′ 59 ″ West
so that Met appears to be correct on that one . ]
Good day !
A comic is present even though a wheel fell off of Tony ’s chariot and Wes was busy watching the bullets bounce off of his chest .
Please note that last orders are 10:45 am on Christmas Eve because of early Royal Mail collections .
The same cut - off applies on New Year 's Eve .
What does a half million galaxies look like ?
Something like this :
Whoa .
That 's a part of a huge image just released by the Canada - France - Hawaii Telescope Legacy Survey Deep Field # 1 , a ginormous mosaic of the night sky ... and by ginormous , I mean GINORMOUS .
It covers a solid square degree of sky -- 5 times the area of the full Moon -- and tips the scale at a whopping 370 megapixels !
It took 5 years and several hundred hours of observing time with the 3.6 meter telescope on top of Mauna Kea to get this massive mosaic .
The image itself may look cool and all , but the true power comes when you give in to the dark sideyou use the interactive zoom feature .
You can surf the entire mammoth 370 million pixel image , zooming in on galaxies galore .
And you wo n't run out of objects to investigate any time soon : there are an estimated 500,000 galaxies in the image .
Like the Hubble image I posted about yesterday , almost everything you see in the image above is a galaxy , not a star .
The images were taken to look for very distant supernovae .
It was the investigation of these far - flung stellar explosions that led astronomers to determine the Universal expansion is accelerating , and to postulate the mysterious dark energy that powers this phenomenon .
The CFHT is being used to map the same area of the sky over and over again , looking for the tell - tale blobs of light that mark the spots of a distant , dying suns .
The more of these we see , the better we can nail down the physical characteristics of the cosmic expansion , and of the dark energy about which we know so little .
Of course , astronomers will squeeze a lot of science from this and other images ... but it 's also OK to simply scan and pan through them at home , too , marveling that the Universe is so deep and so deeply beautiful .
For more deep and gorgeous images like this , see Hubble Digs Deep to See Baby Galaxies , The Milky Way Bulges with Cannibalized Corpses , Hubble Pokes at a Galactic Bulge , or just search in the Pretty Pictures category of this blog .
Although daylight - saving time was sold politically as an energy - conservation measure , it does no such thing .
Studies conducted in Indiana prior to 2006 , when that state operated under three different time regimes , show either no difference in energy consumption or a small increase in power usage during the months after clocks were moved one hour ahead .
The annual ritual of springing forward and falling back thus possibly produces no energy savings and may be counterproductive .
It also requires those who live in places where daylight - saving time is observed to waste time twice a year adjusting their clocks and watches .
Yet the costs of switching between daylight - saving and standard time go far beyond the hassles of “ losing ” an hour in the springtime and “ gaining ” it back in the fall .
I am not a doctor and I do not play one on TV , but the medical profession — as Dr. Osvaldo Bustos of George Washington University 's School of Medicine pointed out to me recently — has known for years that shifting time forward or backward has negative , and possibly deadly , health consequences .
A Swedish study published in The New England Journal of Medicine on Oct. 30 , 2008 , reports increases in the incidence of myocardial infarction ( heart attack ) after the beginning of daylight - saving time and the subsequent return to standard time .
Depending on whether the shift occurred in the fall or spring , men and women were found to vary in the extent to which their heart attack risks were increased , but the study 's authors concluded from the clinical evidence that time change triggered more myocardial infarctions in the two groups overall than they would have suffered otherwise .
The underlying causal mechanism has to do with how the hypothalamus regulates humankind 's circadian rhythms .
When the “ clock ” that governs those rhythms is abruptly shifted one hour forward or backward , it struggles to adjust the body 's internal physical , chemical , electrical , hormonal and immunological environment to the new conditions .
Most people , fortunately , are made aware of the hypothalamus ' attempts to cope by having to put up with feeling groggy and being less productive at work or at home for a few days only .
Others , however , apparently experience more serious effects , including having a heart attack , from which , it is to be hoped , most recover .
It would be cold comfort were only a small fraction of the population subject to the untoward health consequences of time shifting .
That is because , as the Swedish study notes , more than 1.5 billion people around the globe are exposed to the transitions demanded of them at the beginning and ending of daylight - saving time .
Many of the companies located overseas that provide technical support or other services to U.S. businesses operate on New York time .
Workers in Manila , Mumbai and elsewhere therefore must adjust their clocks twice a year even if their own nations have not officially adopted the institution of what in some places is called summer time .
When a small elevated risk of heart attack per person is multiplied by the 1.5 billion people exposed to that risk , you realize that many men and women suffer debilitating heart attacks and death every time we spring forward and fall back .
Adding to the bill , some students of daylight - saving time suggest that accidents involving pedestrians spike immediately after the return to standard time as well , because drivers have not yet adjusted to commuting home in the dark .
There are few , if any , measurable benefits from switching to daylight - saving time in the spring and back to standard time at the end of October .
But time shifting imposes some very real costs .
Those costs , we now suspect , are not limited to feeling out of sorts temporarily or investing effort in adjusting clocks rather than doing something more enjoyable or productive .
The twice - a- year ritual of time travel actually kills .
Shughart is the F.A.P. Barnard Distinguished Professor of Economics at the University of Mississippi and a senior fellow at The Independent Institute in Oakland , Calif .
Reebok ’s head of advanced innovation , Bill McInnis , said the size of the study was adequate to determine the effect of the shoe and added that exercise studies of this nature commonly used small numbers of participants .
The EasyTone is the brainchild of Mr. McInnis , a former NASA engineer , who said he was interested in the stability balls used in gym workouts and wanted to translate the technology to a shoe .
In particular , he was intrigued by the Bosu ball , a small half - sphere that exercisers stand on during workouts as a way to engage leg and core muscles better .
In designing the EasyTone , Mr. McInnis and his team sought to mimic that concept by adding “ balance pods ” to the toe and heel of the shoe .
As the person walks , the air pushes back and forth between toe and heel , and the person sinks into the shoe .
The effect is similar to that of walking on a sandy beach  which requires more work , balance and muscle engagement than walking on a flat surface .
John Lynch , head of United States brand marketing for Reebok , said the company ’s market research showed that four out of five women were especially interested in products that toned their leg and gluteal muscles .
Mr. Lynch added that retailers were reporting brisk sales of the shoe ; one Los Angeles sporting goods store reported that its Reebok sales more than doubled in November .
Reebok says it has collected 15,000 hours ’ worth of wear - test data from shoe users who say they notice the difference .
“ They definitely feel something in their muscles after they ’ve walked in the product , ” Mr. McInnis said .
One of them is Carol Vanner , 51 , an executive assistant in Atlanta who had tried the larger - soled FitFlop shoe and was skeptical she would notice much difference with the EasyTone .
“ I thought there was no way they would work , but I tried them and I felt like I had worked out , ” she said .
“ Do I look like I ’m 20 ?
No , but I feel like when I wear them for periods of time that I have exercised and worked those muscles . ”
Hot_Bid Profile Blog Joined October 2003 Braavos 36165 Posts # 2 Ladder is live , good luck everyone !
Thanks to R1CH for making this nice thread and having a sicko bot track everything for us .
@ Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http://i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
Fionn Profile Blog Joined October 2009 United States 20365 Posts # 3 TSL - KwarK confirmed for TSL2 Frontrunner .
Watch out , Ret / Idra / Koll .
Writer https://twitter.com/FionnOnFire
Nick_54 Profile Blog Joined November 2007 United States 2144 Posts # 4
Are we allowed to rest our stats ?
Marine50 Profile Joined September 2007 Australia 1764 Posts # 5 On November 21 2009 15:09 Nick_54 wrote :
Are we allowed to rest our stats ?
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder IRIS FIGHTING !!!
Nick_54 Profile Blog Joined November 2007 United States 2144 Posts # 6 On November 21 2009 15:12 Marine50 wrote :
Show nested quote +
On November 21 2009 15:09 Nick_54 wrote :
Are we allowed to rest our stats ?
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder
Idra just rocked me 4 - 0 lol Idra just rocked me 4 - 0 lol
Insane Profile Blog Joined November 2003 United States 4991 Posts Last Edited : 2009-11-21 06:45:10 # 7
You can reset your stats if you want .
You should still save replays from before your stat reset in case you qualify , and you still cannot reset → transfer stats in , however .
Jyvblamo Profile Blog Joined June 2006 Canada 13670 Posts # 8 On November 21 2009 15:20 Nick_54 wrote :
Show nested quote +
On November 21 2009 15:12 Marine50 wrote :
On November 21 2009 15:09 Nick_54 wrote :
Are we allowed to rest our stats ?
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder
Idra just rocked me 4 - 0 lol Idra just rocked me 4 - 0 lol
Does n't that break one of the TSL rules ?
Does n't that break one of the TSL rules ?
R1CH Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Netherlands 10027 Posts # 9
That rule only applies for the final day of the ladder , usual iccup ladder rules apply the rest of the time regarding games vs the same player .
Administrator Twitter : @R1CH_TL
Highways Profile Joined July 2005 Australia 6068 Posts # 10
Is it possible to link the names to the iccup games page ?
# 1 Terran hater
Marine50 Profile Joined September 2007 Australia 1764 Posts # 11 On November 21 2009 15:20 Nick_54 wrote :
Show nested quote +
On November 21 2009 15:12 Marine50 wrote :
On November 21 2009 15:09 Nick_54 wrote :
Are we allowed to rest our stats ?
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder
Idra just rocked me 4 - 0 lol Idra just rocked me 4 - 0 lol
lol good experience ?
lol good experience ?
IRIS FIGHTING !!!
mikeymoo Profile Blog Joined October 2006 Canada 7169 Posts # 12 On November 21 2009 14:16 Hot_Bid wrote :
Thanks to R1CH for making this nice thread and having a sicko bot track everything for us .
R1CH , did you make the search bar , too ?
This is awesome .
Thank all of you !
R1CH , did you make the search bar , too ?
This is awesome .
Thank all of you !
o_x | Ow . | 1003 ESPORTS dollars |
If you have any questions about bans please PM Kennigit
wishbones Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Canada 2600 Posts # 13 jesus christ so many wins joined TL.net in 2006 ( aka GMer ) - http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=41944#2
tree.hugger Profile Blog Joined May 2009 Philadelphia , PA 10042 Posts Last Edited : 2009-11-21 08:00:34 # 14 and ...
So cool !
But I 'm D- now .
How do you reset ?
I 've already lost to XiaOzI and OctZerg ... So cool !
But I 'm D- now .
How do you reset ?
Moderator EffOrt , Snow , GuMiho , and Team Liquid
n3gative Profile Joined May 2009 Canada 369 Posts # 15 Kawaii / MIStrZZZ
playing a sick game atm
n3gative Profile Joined May 2009 Canada 369 Posts # 16 52 minute epic , Kawaii wins .
Tossim111 Profile Joined October 2009 United States 243 Posts # 17 ah , so we can play against other TSL members if we 're both on our TSL id ?
R1CH Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Netherlands 10027 Posts # 18 You can play against anyone during the ladder .
Just be sure to follow iccup ladder rules regarding max games vs the same person .
Administrator Twitter : @R1CH_TL
Nick_54 Profile Blog Joined November 2007 United States 2144 Posts # 19 On November 21 2009 15:20 Nick_54 wrote :
Show nested quote +
On November 21 2009 15:12 Marine50 wrote :
On November 21 2009 15:09 Nick_54 wrote :
Are we allowed to rest our stats ?
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder
Then you would loose all progress you have made in the ladder
Idra just rocked me 4 - 0 lol Idra just rocked me 4 - 0 lol
Ya , very fun , very humbling .
He really seems so much better than during TSL 1 , even tho I never played him then .
It really felt like playing a pro so to speak .
Ya , very fun , very humbling .
He really seems so much better than during TSL 1 , even tho I never played him then .
It really felt like playing a pro so to speak .
Insane Profile Blog Joined November 2003 United States 4991 Posts # 20 On November 21 2009 16:48 tree.hugger wrote :
I 've already lost to and ...
So cool !
But I 'm D- now .
How do you reset ?
I 've already lost to XiaOzI and OctZerg ... So cool !
But I 'm D- now .
How do you reset ?
/ clearstats / clearstats
1 2 3 4 5 174 175 176 Next
How DSM -V is written will ultimately affect patients ( Image : Micaela Rossato / Stone + / Getty )
Editorial : Psychiatry ’s bible :
Its time has passed
Since this article was first posted , the American Psychiatric Association has announced that the publication of DSM -V will be delayed until May 2013 .
“ Extending the timeline will allow more time for public review , field trials and revisions , ” says APA president Alan Schatzberg .
When doctors disagree with each other , they usually couch their criticisms in careful , measured language .
In the past few months , however , open conflict has broken out among the upper echelons of US psychiatry .
The focus of discord is a volume called the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , or DSM , which psychiatrists turn to when diagnosing the distressed individuals who turn up at their offices seeking help .
Regularly referred to as the profession ’s bible , the DSM is in the midst of a major rewrite , and feelings are running high .
Two eminent retired psychiatrists are warning that the revision process is fatally flawed .
They say the new manual , to be known as DSM-V , will extend definitions of mental illnesses so broadly that tens of millions of people will be given unnecessary and risky drugs .
Leaders of the American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) , which publishes the manual , have shot back , accusing the pair of being motivated by their own financial interests – a charge they deny .
The row is set to come to a head next month when the proposed changes will be published online .
For a profession that exists to soothe human troubles , it ’s incendiary stuff .
Psychiatry suffers in comparison with other areas of medicine , as diseases of the mind are …
SAI Internet Marketing ( India ) is an internet marketing company situated in the heart of New Delhi , India .
The foundation stone of company was launched circa 2006 with the mission to provide quality and competent digital marketing services to SMEs across the globe .
Owing to our distinguished services in the arena of Internet marketing , we have emerged as a dedicated and valuable resource .
We hold the niche in the dome of Internet Marketing in India , and work sincerely as full - service digital marketing company .
The reason behind using our internet marketing services is not only increase the visibility of web business on Internet , but also driving targeted web traffic , generating the web leads and ensuring the greater ROI .
Our latent focus is to lend the podium for increasing the brand presence , apart from transforming online visitors into loyal customers .
A DVD rental company is moving fast to remove outdoor promotional posters of Brittany Murphy -- posed lifeless in a bathtub -- for her movie , " Deadline . "
Officials from redbox -- which operates DVD kiosks around the country -- tell TMZ beginning today field teams are removing the " Deadline " box art from the kiosk displays .
The officials tell us it will take 7 - 10 days to remove the image from the 19,000 kiosks nationwide .
Dr. Pieter van Pelt proposes charging Aluminum batteries from cheap green energy produced in Iceland .
Then the batteries are shipped to any location in the world and discharged in a power grid .
The empty batteries go back to Iceland for recharging .
Here 's the logic :
Aluminum batteries " are being developed by Europositron in Finland .
They claim the following specifications for their technology :
Energy density : 2100 W.h/ litre or 1330 W.h/kgr
Cycle times : 3000 + cycles
Working temperatures : - 40 C to +70 C
Lifetime battery : 10 to 30 years
Let 's assume , we equip a large ship with 200 giant batteries , each the size of a 40 foot shipping container .
Each battery will weigh about 220 tons , so a 50,000 BRT ship can carry these .
The batteries are charged fully in Iceland , making use of cheap electricity from hydropower or geothermal power .
The 200 batteries will contain about 50 GW.h electricity when fully loaded .
The ship ( electrically powered of course ) sails to the west coast of Denmark or England , or to the East coast of the USA .
There it delivers its electrical charge into the national grid , but it keeps some batteries charged for the return trip to Iceland .
It sails back and charges again .
It can do so 3000 times before the batteries are worn out and must be replaced .
A simple calculation shows that the electricity can be delivered at the end market for a very low price , roughly 20 to 25 Euro per MW.h ( substantially below residential rates of 45 to 50 Euro per MW.h ) .
The trick is , of course , that large quantities of hydropower or geothermal power in Iceland are very cheap ( roughly 12 to 15 Euro per MW.h ) , that transportation of bulk goods over sea is very cheap ( hence the economy of processing bauxite ore from New Zealand in Iceland to make Aluminum ingots ) , and the large investment in Al - batteries has an extended lifetime ( 3000 or more cycles ) . "
http://www.batteriesdigest.com/batteries_aluminum.htm
http://www.europositron.com/en/info.html
UMBAH , an avant - garde extreme - metal project born in 1990 from the ashes of UK 's death / grind act Necrosanct .
Syringing the mechanical , alienating coldness of industrial metal into a deformed death / grind hulk , Umbah gives life to a Frankenstein 's metal monster that speaks a unique musical language , progressive and breathtaking and unique .
Complex arrangements , alien song - structures , weird industrial sounds , schizophrenic vocals , dark and disturbing melodies , glitchy contaminations and decomposed interludes ..
So far recorded the following albums : ' CONTINUUM ' , … read more
Gen Petraeus praised Pakistani soldiers in South Waziristan
The regional US commander , David Petraeus , has urged Pakistan to step up pressure on the Afghan Taliban .
Gen Petraeus praised Pakistan 's recent offensive against the Taliban in South Waziristan , but said it was mainly aimed at Pakistani groups , not Afghans .
The Afghan Taliban have used safe areas inside Pakistan to base themselves and launch cross - border attacks .
But Pakistan said it was cracking down on all militants , and that at least 22 had been killed near the Afghan border .
Hiding out Gen Petraeus , the head of US Central Command and the man in overall charge of US military strategy in the region , said that to make significant progress in Afghanistan " it would be very helpful if additional pressure could be put [ by Pakistan ] on the leadership of the elements that are causing problems in Afghanistan " .
The leaders of the Afghan insurgency are thought to be hiding out in Pakistan 's tribal areas and its province of Balochistan , but Pakistan has so far been reluctant to launch major operations in these areas , says the BBC 's security correspondent , Frank Gardner .
Nevertheless , a major offensive has been taking place in the Pakistani region of South Waziristan .
Pakistan 's Foreign Minister , Shah Mehmood Qureshi , said about 600 Taliban had been " eliminated " in that operation .
" We have put in a lot of pressure .
And we intend to continue to do that , " he said .
" For us , a terrorist is a terrorist , whether he operates on this side of the border or that side of the border , " he added .
Tribal alliances Gen Petraeus praised Pakistani operations , including that in South Waziristan .
" We think that the performance has been quite impressive , " he said , noting that there had been significant losses , especially by Pakistani officers .
The army has captured territory in South Waziristan , a hotbed of Islamic militancy , but many insurgents are believed to have fled to nearby regions .
In fighting at the weekend in the tribal region of Kurram , which is near South Waziristan , 22 militants and five soldiers were reported to have been killed .
Gen Petraeus , speaking at a security conference in Bahrain , also said methods used by the US in Iraq were being tried in Afghanistan .
He said he hoped the US could form alliances with local forces in Afghanistan along the lines of the Awakening movements in Iraq , in which Sunni tribes had allied with the US against al - Qaeda .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ Haskell - cafe ] Fwd : [ BostonHaskell ]
Next meeting : December 17th at MIT ( 32 - G882 )
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Ravi Nanavati < ravi_n at alum.mit.edu>
Date : Sat , Dec 12 , 2009 at 1:44 AM
Subject : Next meeting : December 17th at MIT ( 32 - G882 )
To : bostonhaskell at googlegroups.com
I 'm pleased to announce the December meeting of the Boston Area Haskell Users ' Group .
The meeting has been scheduled for Thursday , December 17th from 7 pm to 9 pm .
Like recent meetings , it will be held in the MIT CSAIL Reading Room ( 32 - G882 , i.e. a room on the 8th floor of the Gates Tower of the MIT 's Stata Center at 32 Vassar St in Cambridge , MA ) .
Based on the responses to my previous message , our featured presenter will be Ryan Newton who will talk about the Intel Concurrent Collections for Haskell .
Following his presentation , we will have our traditional break .
After the break , we 're going to try a joint programming exercise involving the collections .
If anyone has a suggestion for an interesting programming exercise that would take advantage of the collections , please speak up ( since otherwise Ryan and I will see what we can come up with next week ) .
The December attendance poll is at : http://doodle.com/p2zcnca6k39iptb4
As always , responding to this poll will help with two things :
1 . Getting an idea of what fraction of the Boston - area Haskell community can and can't attend this meeting ( to help with future scheduling ) .
2 . Giving me an estimated count of attendees , since I have talked my wife into baking some more goodies and bringing drinks again .
Helping with BostonHaskell ( besides volunteering to speak at future meetings ) : 1 . Sponsorship of refreshments is still being eagerly solicited ( especially as , for personal reasons , the Cupcake Fund is running low ) .
2 . Please let me know if you 're willing to arrive early ( 6:30 pm ) to stand by the door and let people into the 8th floor .
I 'm guessing 1 or 2 volunteers is enough here .
3 . If someone is willing to edit the HaskellWiki page , post to reddit or otherwise publicize the meeting please just go ahead and do that ( especially as I 'm sending this out on the later side ) .
If you have any questions about the meeting please send them to them BostonHaskell mailing list : bostonhaskell at googlegroups.com or contact me directly .
I look forward to seeing many Boston - area Haskellers at the December meeting !
Thank you , - Ravi Nanavati
by Brett Stevens on December 30 , 2009
The hardest thing about being a small hominid is that you run the risk , at any moment , of screwing up and getting killed — and unlike other monkeys , you ’re aware of it any time a symbol of death or error comes up .
For this reason , most of human history has dealt with conflict resolution and ways to get people going in different directions to work together .
It makes us feel good to think we ’re banishing conflict because then we feel as if we ’re safe from that conflict making us the one who screws up and gets killed .
But over the years , we go from “ conflict resolution ” to “ conflict avoidance , ” meaning that we no longer seek working solutions , but to stop the fighting .
We assume the fighting is the source of the disagreement , and not the other way around , as would be sane .
Nature , unlike humans , does not think in blocking single linear categories at a time , so when we suppress conflict , we do n’t eliminate it — we just squeeeeze it into another realm .
If we ca n’t fight with fists , we ’ll fight in the courts , or in the ballot box , or just be snippy with each other .
Passive aggression , the mentality created , arises from a desire to avoid conflict while a need to fight still exists .
If I ’m seen doing something combative , I get in trouble ; so I try to provoke , needle , backstab , corrupt , etc. in order that I can destroy without seeming to destroy , and get the other guy to be the one who lashes out and gets clobbered by the other monkeys who just want the fighting to end .
All of these ideas are taboo because they cut through our pleasant illusion about ourselves , which is that we ’re not half - monkeys who rose a few sigma and now are able to use tools but not fully manage our affairs .
We like to think of ourselves as gods who intend each of our actions as a benevolent gift to others ; the reality is that we ’re snarling feral animals who ’ve found a way to cloak our aggression in politeness , bureaucracy and a pernicious herd morality .
Tom Wolfe and Mike Gazzaniga explore this passive aggression through a reasonable measurement , which is social status .
Status is how you feel you rank relative to your neighbors , and it can be either material or moral .
Material is whether their BMW is as cool as yours ; moral is whether they ’re educated , enlightened , progressive people who donate eyeglasses to the Bonobo like you :
TW : Every time we go into a room with other people , it ’s as if we have a teleprompter in front of us and it ’s telling us the history of ourselves versus these people .
We ca n’t even think of thinking without this huge library of good information and bad information .
MG :
When you get up in the morning , you do not think about triangles and squares and these similes that psychologists have been using for the past 100 years .
You think about status .
You think about where you are in relation to your peers .
You ’re thinking about your spouse , about your kids , about your boss .
Ninety - nine percent of your time is spent thinking about other people ’s thoughts about you , their intentions , and all this kind of stuff .
Forum : Tom Wolfe and Michael Gazzaniga
For the last 2,000 years our preferred method of neutralizing conflict has been to insist on equality .
First , it was insisted that we were all equal in civic duty , so should get a vote .
Then , it was insisted that we were all equal in the eyes of God , as we all had souls .
A thousand years later , we upgraded that to the idea that we were all equal citizens in potential , so we should have no limits of role or money .
None of these have worked , because in reality — that physically - convergent world out there — we are not all equal , and in fact , nothing in life is .
( Most parts of reality consist of unevenly distributed values in a type of “ standard distribution , ” Poisson distribution or the easily recognized “ Bell Curve ” with a few at top , a few at the bottom , and most on a graceful convex in the middle . )
When we cannot recognize our inequality , and cannot accept conflict , we are ruled by our fears .
In turn , we create a society that because it orients itself around avoiding these fears , sublimates its fear .
The result is the “ crab mentality , ” after the tendency of crabs in a bucket to crawl to the top , in which we compete for social favor .
This creates a pleasant surface notion of equality and an underlying truth of constant covert conflict .
In addition , in order to preserve our good social standing , we insist on equality in defiance of the facts , and by making equality such an assumption , we oblige ourselves to tolerate incompetence .
That in turn puts us in a society that is forever dysfunctional and frustrating , but no one wants to be the first to admit they are un-polite and un-sociable and do n’t believe in equality .
In turn that gets us this :
New research from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University explores why powerful people – many of whom take a moral high ground – do n’t practice what they preach .
The research finds that power makes people stricter in moral judgment of others – while being less strict of their own behavior .
“ According to our research , power and influence can cause a severe disconnect between public judgment and private behavior , and as a result , the powerful are stricter in their judgment of others while being more lenient toward their own actions , ” he continued .
Science Daily
This public / private split occurs any time we insist on pretending an unrealistic thought is real , more real than reality even since we use it to manipulate each other .
In public , we must kowtow to the dogma ; in private , we have to get things done and / or become violently self - assertive .
The cost of equality is that we throw out all truthfulness in order to seem like nice people to each other .
It arises from our fear of evolving to the next stage , which would naturally occur from our most capable people , because we ’re afraid of personally being left behind — just as we ’re afraid of having a lower place in the current crab bucket of society .
As a result , instead of looking toward the future , we look toward the past — we look backward , and try to divide up what exists , instead of making an even better vision of our world .
Those who are most afraid become “ activists ” who go around telling us that it costs us nothing to demand equality and suppress conflict , but then there are millions of details like this :
In 2002 , civil lawsuits cost the U.S. economy a reeling $ 233 billion .
With the rise of civil lawsuits over the last half a century , each American citizen is now estimated to pay a “ lawsuit tax ” of anywhere between $ 700 and $ 800 a year ( 27 September 2004 US Fed News ) .
According to Secretary of Commerce Don Evans , if you take the total cost of tort claims and judgments in the United States and divide it by the number of citizens in the country , a tort tax of about $ 809 per capita results ( 15 December 2004 White House Press Releases And Documents ) .
What ’s more , lawsuit costs represented about 2 percent of the US Gross Domestic Product , over $ 250 billion .
Of this , the manufacturing sector bears a disproportionate share of that , at 4.5 percent .
( 15 December 2004 White House Press Releases And Documents ) .
And costs are rising , with a reported 5.4 % increase in the cost of civil lawsuits from 2002 to 2003 ( 1 September 2005 Design Firm Management & Administration Report ) .
Inside Prison
Allow no conflict , and people will take it to the courts , which will lead to irrational animal conflict costing millions .
How could that happen ?
Imagine the other variables we could add :
People driving slowly taking up to an additional half - hour of your time every day , for no reason other than their own incompetence .
Add that up over the course of a year and think what you could have done with that time .
Incompetents and dullards on the job must be tolerated , so every concept gets divided into bite - size pieces , and soon you ’re sitting through two - hour meetings where five minutes among equals would have sufficed .
Dumb people have no idea their actions have consequences , so they litter , commit crimes , vandalize , or simply break things you might like to use .
Look at all the areas of our cities that are no - fly zones because they ’re inhabited by people without a clue who ruin their own homes , riot , commit crimes , and so on .
What else could we do with that land ?
Fools are a politician ’s best friend because they are easily manipulated .
Since we cannot call them fools , and make them unequal because they have rights , they ’re there for any corrupt manipulator to promise them the sky — in exchange for more power of course .
Do we need to go on ?
These people are taking you for a ride .
You have one life and only a certain amount of time in it , but that time is being taken away , passively , to support incompetents !
You go along with it because you ’re afraid .
The idea of universal equality and rights sounds good to us because we ’re afraid as a group .
If you the individual speak out against it , the others may gang up and you and clobber you — for denying their denial of reality .
The guilt and passive aggression that manipulates you has a huge cost , but all the people who are afraid that they might be incompetent are going to insist on it , even if it means that society as a whole moves like a person encased in lead , always pandering to the weakest link in the chain .
The individuals around you are thinking like the crabs in the bucket : they want to claw above you by appearing more egalitarian , more progressive , more compassionate than you .
They do n’t care about the results of their actions .
They ’re just trying to get more popular .
There are two real victims here : civilization itself , which stops rising to a challenge and starts collapsing inward ; and yourself , because your time is wasted and all of those resources of time , money and energy you could have applied to something constructive are taken away .
It ’s a reversal of evolution .
Instead of seeking to get better , and when we find something better spreading it around , we ’re trying to avoid anything better because it might make us look bad .
And they ’re going to waste your life by slowing everyone down to the speed of that weakest link in the chain .
The following article suggests on means of helping us past this difficult point in — not history , but evolution itself — through psychological conditioning :
A recent study led by Phelps found that reminding people of the fearful stimuli , minus any fear - inducing event , shortly before the extinction session can effectively block the first memory .
The finding could help improve therapies for overcoming fear .
The mechanism for the initial memory ’s defeat could be that the initial quick reminder induces the amygdala to store new information , Phelps explains .
The window during which the amygdala is “ open ” is fleeting , however , and could explain why the reminder shown 10 minutes , but not six hours , before the first extinction session , eradicated fear .
As Phelps notes , relearning a memory , also known as reconsolidation , takes place much faster , within several minutes , than learning the memory for the first time , or consolidation .
Scientific American
You ’re afraid of social trauma , which is when you do something and other people make fun of you for it and exclude you , if not outright beat you with sticks .
In the past , you ’ve accidentally said things that violated a social taboo , and people have swooped in en masse to tell you how wrong you are .
They may have summoned a priest , some scientific studies of dubious scope , or the opinions of your favorite Hollywood stars .
They ’re telling you that no matter what you see in reality , they are the ones to define official truth — and hilariously , if you disagree , they ’ll claim you are redefining “ commonly accepted ” truth !
You can see the public / private split here .
In public , we ’re using opinions and logic and science .
In private , we ’re animals struggling against each other for power , and the cudgels we wield are disguised as opinions and logic and science .
With the above type of conditioning , and it would n’t take much , we could re-organize our people .
We should have public rallies where each participant steps out and says , “ You know , we ’re not all equal and we ca n’t pander to the weakest link in the chain just so we seem nicer than our neighbors . ”
And in the presence of others of our community , we watch as nothing happens .
No pain .
No nasty commentary .
No cudgels .
We learn instead to trust our own observations of reality as it is , and stop projecting these social falsehoods onto it just so we can climb a little higher in the social status game .
Tags : conditioning , conflict avoidance , consolidation , control , reconsolidation , status signaling
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Dass freiheitsfeindliche Tendenzen in Europa auf dem Vormarsch sind , lässt sich schon eine ganze Weile lang beobachten .
Italien geht dabei wieder einmal mit schlechtem Beispiel voran .
Facebook Italien hat auf Druck der italienischen Regierung Facebook - Profile „ verdunkelt “ , auf denen die Attacke auf Ministerpräsident Berlusconi gelobt und gefeiert worden war .
Das berichtet der Standard .
Aber damit nicht genug .
Der italienische Innenminister kündigte zugleich ein Gesetz an , das die Grundlage dafür schaffen soll , Internet - Webseiten sofort „ verdunkeln “ zu können , wenn sie zu politischer Gewalt aufhetzen .
Dass ein Feind der Meinungsfreiheit wie Silvio Berlusconi das Internet als Bedrohung wahrnimmt und „ verdunkeln “ möchte , ist nicht erstaunlich .
Möglicherweise stärkt er damit aber auch nur den Widerstand gegen seine Regierung und seine Person .
Die Sperrfantasien ganz allgemein haben sich allerdings in verschiedensten Ausprägungen in sehr vielen politischen Köpfen weltweit festgesetzt .
For the environmental extremists attending the U.N. climate change summit in Copenhagen , fighting global warming is not just about reducing carbon emissions or promoting alternative energy .
Rather , public documents released by some of the most important organizations represented at Copenhagen reveal an absolute obsession with population control and a bizarre belief by environmental extremists that population reduction is the “ cheapest ” way to achieve a reduction in carbon emissions .
You see , to many of those gathered in Copenhagen , the math is simple .
Less people = less carbon emitters .
In fact , a carbon offset initiative launched by the Optimum Population Trust even allows people to offset their “ carbon footprint ” by making online payments to support “ family planning ” in poor countries .
In other words , you can now be forgiven for your carbon “ sins ” by paying for a baby on the other side of the world to be killed .
As bizarre as this may seem , it is actually happening .
These new “ population carbon offsets ” are being offered by the Optimum Population Trust .
The OPT calls itself “ the leading think tank in the UK concerned with the impact of population growth on the environment ” .
The truth is that the OPT does have some really big names associated with it .
Just some of the world famous individuals involved in the Optimum Population Trust include Sir David Attenborough , Stanford Professor Paul Ehrlich and Dr. Jane Goodall .
One of the stated goals of the OPT is to “ advance the education of the public in issues relating to human population worldwide and its impact on environmental sustainability ” .
The OPT ’s website even includes a “ Stop At Two ” pledge which asks people to take “ another green step towards environmental survival for all ” by making the following pledge :
I ’m going to try not to have more than two children !
To show just how committed they are to the population control agenda , the OPT launched this population carbon offset scheme on December 3rd – just prior to the beginning of the Copenhagen climate change summit .
In his report on this new carbon offset initiative , John Vidal , the environment editor for the Guardian , noted that many of the participants at the Copenhagen summit could easily offset the carbon emissions that they would be producing during their travel to the conference by paying for one child in Africa to be killed ….
Calculations based on the trust ’s figures show the 10 tonnes emitted by a return flight from London to Sydney would be offset by enabling the avoidance of one unwanted birth in a country such as Kenya .
In fact , the OPT has launched a dedicated website , http://www.popoffsets.com/, which allows people to offset their carbon footprint by making online payments to OPT which will go towards “ family planning ” around the world .
But not only that , earlier this year the Optimum Population Trust commissioned the London School of Economics to produce a report on population issues .
The final report , entitled “ Fewer Emitters , Lower Emissions , Less Cost “ , says that the best way to reduce “ greenhouse gases ” is to have fewer people on earth .
This report by the London School of Economics actually performed a “ cost - benefit analysis ” on the various methods for reducing carbon emissions around the world , and they found that the “ cheapest ” way to reduce carbon emissions by far was to increase funding for “ family planning ” .
But not only is population control the official agenda for organizations such as the OPT , it is also the official agenda of the United Nations .
Very few people have talked about the U.N. Population Division policy brief from March 2009 , but it is an absolutely explosive document .
This shocking policy document openly asks how fertility decline in the least developed countries can be “ accelerated ” as quickly as possible .
The entire March 2009 U.N. Population Division policy brief can be read here ….
http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/UNPD_policybriefs/UNPD_policy_brief1.pdf
The policy brief begins with this shocking question ….
What would it take to accelerate fertility decline in the least developed countries ?
The report then proceeds to discuss how the earth ’s population is clearly unsustainable ( especially in “ developing ” countries ) and it considers what can be done to make sure that fewer babies are born in the “ least developed ” nations .
But as bad as that report was , the U.N. recently released a report on population that was even more shocking .
The United Nations Population Fund recently released its annual State of the World Population Report entitled “ Facing a Changing World : Women , Population and Climate ” .
This stunning report goes farther than any U.N. report has ever gone before by unequivocally linking population growth with climate change .
The report states that the only way a climate disaster can be avoided is to radically increase “ family planning ” services around the globe and to do whatever it takes to reduce worldwide fertility rates .
In a statement accompanying the release of the report , UNFPA Executive Director Thoraya Obaid stated that “ rapid population growth and industrialization have led to a rapid rise in greenhouse gas emissions .
We have now reached a point where humanity is approaching the brink of disaster . ”
The director of the UNFPA says that we are on the brink of disaster .
A “ climate change ” disaster .
And what is causing it ?
According to him , the biggest cause is population growth .
But the truth is that mankind is not even causing climate change .
For those who do not yet understand this , we highly recommend that you read a comprehensive article that we posted about this issue on our sister site entitled “ How To Save The Environment ?
Get Al Gore The Heck Away From It ” .
But even if you concede that humanity is causing climate change , the truth is that there is still no justification for reducing the population in order to combat it .
But according to the authors of this new U.N. report , the link between population growth and climate change is undeniable ….
“ The importance of the speed and magnitude of recent population growth in boosting future greenhouse - gas emissions is well recognized among scientists , including the authors of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s reports . ”
In fact , the authors of the U.N. report are convinced that population growth has been responsible for approximately half of the growth of worldwide carbon emissions ….
“ Still , calculations of the contribution of population growth to emissions growth globally produce a consistent finding that most of past population growth has been responsible for between 40 per cent and 60 per cent of emissions growth . ”
According to the authors of the report , humanity must be “ mobilized ” to fight the causes of climate change before disaster strikes … .
“ The harsh realities of high per capita emissions among industrialized countries and swiftly rising ones among developing countries highlight the urgency of mobilizing all of humanity to stop collectively at the brink of this possible climate disaster zone . ”
So what is the very best way to reduce carbon emissions according to the U.N. report ?
Well , according to the report , each birth that can be eliminated can have a dramatic impact on reducing carbon emissions …..
“ Each birth results not only in the emissions attributable to that person in his or her lifetime , but also the emissions of all his or her descendents .
Hence , the emissions savings from intended or planned births multiply with time . ”
But the authors of the U.N. report also recognize that the idea of “ population control ” is extremely unpopular in many areas of the world .
But that is not stopping them from suggesting that it is time to seriously address population control as part of the battle against climate change … .
“ fear of appearing supportive of population control has until recently held back any mention of ‘ population ’ in the climate debate .
Nonetheless , some participants in the debate are tentatively suggesting the need at least consider the impacts of population growth . ”
So if “ climate change ” is the world ’s biggest problem , who is the enemy ?
Well , it turns out that humanity itself is the enemy .
The U.N. report is very clear that no human can ever be “ carbon neutral ” … .
“ No human is genuinely “ carbon neutral , ” especially when all greenhouse gases are figured into the equation .
Therefore , everyone is part of the problem , so everyone must be part of the solution in some way . ”
So if no human can ever be “ carbon neutral ” , what does that mean ?
It means that you , me , our families and everyone else on earth is a part of the problem .
The fact that we exist is a problem to them .
So what is the solution according to the authors of the report ?….
“ Strong family planning programmes are in the interests of all countries for greenhouse - gas concerns as well as for broader welfare concerns . ”
In other words , we all need to pass out more condoms , encourage more women to get abortions and tell more women that they need to focus on their careers instead of their families so that we can get them to have less children .
You see , the term “ family planning ” in the report is just code for things like “ lower fertility rates ” and “ smaller families ” … .
“ family planning services and supplies are especially powerful in delaying the age of first pregnancies and reducing the size of completed families ”
The reality is that the U.N. report uses a lot of thinly veiled , politically correct language to suggest that in order to fight climate change , radical population control measures should be implemented .
Thanks to the Obama administration , the UNPF will have plenty of money with which to pursue that agenda .
Back in March , the Obama administration reversed the Bush administration ’s policy and directed that 50 million dollars be given to the United Nations Population Fund .
So not only is the United Nations Population Fund promoting their population control agenda around the globe , they are also using American tax dollars to do it .
But it is not just the environmental elitists among globalist organizations that are obsessed with population control .
The truth is that the population control agenda is taught side by side with the global warming and radical environmental agendas in universities throughout the world .
Millions of normal people who have been indoctrinated in these universities are now buying into this agenda and are taking action .
For example , there is actually a website entitled “ One Less Child ” that openly promotes the idea that people should have one less child .
The idea is that having less children is the absolute best thing that a person can do to help the environment .
Their mission statement actually says the following about the need to control the population …..
To have couples consider population reduction through less offspring .
Having less offspring actually increases the quality of life of your current offspring , which is what every couple wants .
Not only that , but an author by the name of Diane Francis recently authored an article in a national Canadian newspaper that openly called for Canada to implement a formal one child policy like China has done .
Her article , entitled “ The Real Inconvenient Truth ” , has fortunately caused an uproar throughout Canada .
It seems that most Canadians are not yet ready to accept a mandatory one child policy .
In her article , Francis presents two scenarios .
The first is if a one - child policy is implemented worldwide .
The second is if a one - child policy is not implemented ….
- By 2075 , there would be 3.43 billion humans on the planet .
This would have immediate positive effects on the world ’s forests , other species , the oceans , atmospheric quality and living standards .
- Doing nothing , by contrast , will result in an unsustainable population of nine billion by 2050 .
These radical environmentalists actually believe that there will be unprecedented global disasters if radical population control measures are not enforced across the globe immediately .
Of course by now most people who will read this article know that this bizarre population control agenda is even represented in the White House .
Barack Obama ’s “ science czar ” , John P. Holdren , once co-authored a textbook entitled “ Ecoscience ” in which he advocated population control measures that are so wild and so bizarre that it is difficult to believe that a sane individual actually authored them .
What follows are actual quotes from Holdren ’s textbook … .
Pages 787 and 788 … .
“ Adding a sterilant to drinking water or staple foods is a suggestion that seems to horrify people more than most proposals for involuntary fertility control .
Indeed , this would pose some very difficult political , legal , and social questions , to say nothing of the technical problems .
No such sterilant exists today , nor does one appear to be under development .
To be acceptable , such a substance would haveto meet some rather stiff requirements : it must be uniformly effective , despite widely varying doses received by individuals , and despite varying degrees of fertility and sensitivity among individuals ; it must be free of dangerous or unpleasant side effects ; and it must have no effect on members of the opposite sex , children , old people , pets , or livestock . ”
Pages 786 and 787 … .
“ A program of sterilizing women after their second or third child , despite the relatively greater difficulty of the operation than vasectomy , might be easier to implement than trying to sterilize men .
The development of a long - term sterilizing capsule that could be implanted under the skin and removed when pregnancy is desired opens additional possibilities for coercive fertility control .
The capsule could be implanted at puberty and might be removable , with official permission , for a limited number of births . ”
Page 838 ….
“ In today ’s world , however , the number of children in a family is a matter of profound public concern .
The law regulates other highly personal matters .
For example , no one may lawfully have more than one spouse at a time .
Why should the law not be able to prevent a person from having more than two children ? ”
Keep in mind that Holdren is now Barack Obama ’s top science advisor .
But even some of the richest people in the world are absolutely obsessed with population control .
Back on May 5th , Bill Gates , David Rockefeller , Warren Buffett , George Soros , Michael Bloomberg , Ted Turner , Oprah Winfrey and a number of other of the wealthiest people in the world gathered for a clandestine meeting in Manhattan .
The meeting was supposed to be so secret that many of the billionaires ’ aides were only told that they were at “ security briefings ” .
So what was so important that so many of the wealthiest people in the world had to gather for a secret meeting ?
Population control .
According to one major U.K. newspaper , one person who attended this secret meeting confessed that “ a consensus emerged that they would back a strategy in which population growth would be tackled as a potentially disastrous environmental , social and industrial threat . ”
This is what the richest people in the world are so upset about ?
The article goes on to quote one attendee of the meeting as saying the following about the “ overpopulation problem ” ….
“ This is something so nightmarish that everyone in this group agreed it needs big - brain answers . ”
Apparently they do not intend to include the rest of us as they come up with their “ big - brain answers ” .
It would be a mistake to underestimate how obsessed the global elite are with population issues .
The truth is that they are absolutely committed to trying to solve the “ population problem ” in this generation .
So what will their “ solutions ” look like ?
We can only guess .
But what we do know is that in the name of fighting “ climate change ” , the United Nations and the global elite plan to pursue a radical population control agenda .
According to their own documents , the number one problem the world is facing is “ climate change ” and the number one cause of “ climate change ” is overpopulation .
Knowing that many nations on earth will never willingly submit to open population control measures , the global elite will likely implement their population reduction methods by subtle means .
Let us just hope that they are not successful in their attempts to eliminate as many people as possible .
Woman sought by Pr. William police found dead
The Prince William County woman who crashed her car into a tree and left an open container of alcohol and her 8 - year - old daughter behind as she fled the scene was found dead Tuesday afternoon , county police said .
Julie Ann Kroll , 39 , of Woodbridge , was found dead just before noon in a wooded area near a creek just off the intersection of Fontaine Court and Beaumont Road in Dale City .
Kroll was involved in a single - vehicle crash on Dec. 16 in the 3300 block of Beaumont Road and had not been seen since , authorities said .
Police said they do not believe Kroll was killed or killed herself , but they would not say how they think she died .
Her body has been sent to the medical examiner for an autopsy .
Julie Ann Kroll . ( Prince William County Police . )
Kroll left her daughter at the scene of the crash , according to police , who said the girl is now being cared for by grandparents .
Police had obtained arrest warrants charging Kroll with felony child neglect , driving on a revoked operator ’s license and driving with an open alcoholic container , authorities said .
Witnesses reported seeing Kroll driving recklessly , police said , and officers found an open alcohol container in the car .
The girl told police she was trying to get out of the moving car because her mother was driving drunk , authorities said .
This post has been updated since it was first published .
-- Matt Zapotosky
50 Ways with Potatoes
We 've got sack loads of spud recipes in time for the colder weather .
Living in Japan was expensive , and I made few major purchases during the year I spent there .
I had a pretty cool Muji bicycle that I really wanted to bring back to the ' States with me , but I could n't see it making a transpacific journey unscathed , and I sold it before my return , sadly .
I wish I 'd had an AeroTech Evolution bicycle case back then .
It 's designed to protect your ( dismantled ) bicycle in the cargo hold of an airplane with its vacuum - formed ABS shell , combined with velcro straps and strategically - placed foam tubing .
Even better , it 's got a lifetime warranty that 's valid all over the world .
SANTIAGO , Chile —
They are the face of Chilean guidebooks : giant statues made of volcanic rock scattered across Easter Island .
Constructed centuries ago , the figures are thought to represent ancestors or chiefs of the indigenous Polynesian population .
It is their descendants who now inhabit the tiny triangular island nearly 2,000 miles off the Chilean coast .
But they 're fed up with the hundreds of immigrants who keep flooding the island in search of fortune .
These immigrants , they say , are destroying the ecosystem , taking their jobs and ruining the historical legacy of their ancestors .
And so they 're fighting back in the hope of restricting residence on the island , known in the indigenous tongue as Rapa Nui .
With more than 4,000 people — about half non-natives , mostly Chileans — living on 62 square miles , the islanders feel they are already overpopulated .
Waste disposal is becoming a serious problem , as trash keeps piling up and the litter spreads in proportion to its population .
The situation has become particularly acute in recent years after the opening of large hotel complexes and increasingly more airline flights to the island .
The island , unaccustomed to violent crimes or homicides , is now also attracting petty crime , theft and drugs .
“ The underlying problem is that there are too many immigrants bringing with them bad habits , or are fugitives , drug addicts or delinquents looking for opportunities for crime .
A year ago I would leave my house unlocked .
I ca n’t do that anymore , ” said Cecilia Rapu , a native Rapanui , in a phone interview from the island .
It is believed the island was colonized by Polynesean immigrants around A.D. 300 .
Centuries later , the island community started building altars and figures sculpted out of volcanic rock called moais , groups of which represented a particular tribe .
The hundreds of moais , which weigh between 14 and 80 tons and the tallest of which stands at 5 meters , are the island ’s main tourist attraction .
The island got its Westernized name when a Dutch explorer arrived there on Easter Sunday of 1722 .
Chile colonized the island in 1888 , and subsequent European expeditions made the island famous for its exotic moais .
Regular tourism began with the construction of the airport in the early 1980s , but the real boom started in the 1990s , and by now , the island receives about 50,000 tourists a year that come in daily flights and cruise ships .
Easter Island was declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO in 1995 .
In August , in protest against the encroachment , islanders blocked the landing strip at the Mataveri airport .
For 48 hours , the Rapanui proved they could halt their economy , which is almost completely pegged to the tourism industry .
The government sent in a delegation to negotiate their demands , and on Oct. 24 , more than 96 percent of the native islanders voted in favor of a referendum for a constitutional amendment that would restrict residence on the island .
Now , Congress must approve the change .
“ People come here to make a fortune with tourism and compete under unequal conditions with the Rapanui , " said Jose Letelier , a long - time resident on the island , who , like 80 percent of the islanders , makes his living in tourism .
He said government and military employees receive higher salaries than local workers .
Because the mainlanders are working in a far - away zone , they get tax exemptions , free housing and free freight to bring their cars and goods .
The Rapanui get none of these advantages and have to spend significant capital to ship any goods to the island , said Letelier , who is a Chilean from the mainland married to a Rapanui .
An architect , Letelier arrived in the early 1990s to participate in public works projects and witnessed the paving of the first street in Hanga Roa , the main settlement .
Back then , he said , there were about 40 vehicles and 2,500 residents who all knew each other or were related in some way .
By now , the population has nearly doubled and there are 50 times more vehicles .
The October referendum was the first time the Convention 169 of the International Labor Organization on indigenous peoples , in effect in Chile since September , has been applied here to consult a native population about decisions that affect them , as called for by the treaty .
Under the proposed amendment , the local government would be allowed to restrict residence or travel to the island if necessary to protect the environment .
The wording of the bill does n't specify whether restrictions apply to tourism or immigration , or both .
The 26 of the 706 islanders who voted against the reform claim the bill is too ambiguous .
“ I voted against it out of fear , because the proposal is unclear .
It does n’t specify if it refers to immigrants or the native population .
It just says that the government can decide how many people can live here and how many would have to leave , and that includes even us , the Rapanui , ” Rapu said .
At stake , they say , are no less than their natural habitat and historical patrimony .
“ So many tourists trampling around , touching the moais , stepping on them , " said Raul Domenech , and anthropologist and research director of a recent documentary on Easter Island .
" Companies come and film commercials with the moais .
The island attracts archaeological tourism , not the sun-and - beach type of tourism .
" The day the first graffiti appears on a moai will be the beginning of the end . ”
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
12/20/2009
As goes Martha ...
by Jeremy Hooper
Martha Stewart Weddings magazine has never featured a same - sex couple .
Up until now , that is :
Martha Stewart Weddings -- Winter 2010 ( 15th Anniv. ) issue
page 98 :
( click for full size )
Andrew and I are humbled and honored to have been deemed " good thing " -y enough to grace this mass market mag 's pages .
It 's one time you wo n't hear us complain about our love being turned into an issue .
Our full equality : Today Martha , tomorrow Congressional Quarterly ?
***
**SEE ALSO : Our full wedding album : 6/13/09
(** Photo credit : JAG Studios )
Your thoughts
You guys !
That 's awesome !
Posted by : Matt Algren | Dec 20 , 2009 9:57:23 PM
Thanks , Matt .
It 's been hard to keep it under wraps !
I 've known since August .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Dec 20 , 2009 10:12:51 PM
Wow .
That 's just ... Wow .
Congrats .
Posted by : Corrin | Dec 20 , 2009 10:48:46 PM
OMG ! that 's incredible .....
where was Martha in Augsut 2008 ?
We did our own wedding !
Posted by : keltic | Dec 20 , 2009 10:56:46 PM
From one blogger to another , congrats !!!
I 've just subscribed to your feed & looking forward to reading your blog this year .
Peace , Joe
Posted by : Joe Perez | Dec 20 , 2009 10:58:15 PM
WOW !!!
I just asked my partner if she REALLY wanted to renew her subscription to Martha Stewart , to which she has subscribed since Day One .
And then I showed her THIS .
We are renewing !
Mazel
Tov my friends --- long happy , loving life .
We got in during that narrow window of opportunity in California , and are now one of 18,000 couples legally married here .
Bravo to Martha for doing it first !
And Jeremy --- keep up the great investigative work on this blog !
Posted by : Tarra Thomas | Dec 20 , 2009 11:10:29 PM
That is so cool .
Posted by : Mike Tidmus | Dec 20 , 2009 11:30:56 PM
I can't WAIT to pick up that issue !
Way to GO guys !
I 'm so happy for you .
You had a beautiful wedding and how EXCITING this is to be featured in one of the best style magazines around .
For the times , they are a changin ' ...
Posted by : Regan DuCasse | Dec 20 , 2009 11:37:17 PM
Oh my gosh !
That 's terrific !
Congrats !
Posted by : Really | Dec 20 , 2009 11:58:50 PM
Congrats !
Posted by : LdChino | Dec 21 , 2009 12:01:21 AM
Congratulations , Jeremy , to you and to Andrew .
I noticed by the date in the article that you 've been a married couple for six months already .
Happy Half - Year Anniversary to you both .
Posted by : WilliamM | Dec 21 , 2009 3:47:13 AM
AWWWWWW !
Love it .
Posted by : Break the Terror ( Evan ) | Dec 21 , 2009 4:15:14 AM
Congratulations !
What an amazing wedding !!
Posted by : Cathal | Dec 21 , 2009 7:24:16 AM
As one of the first couples to get married in California I 'm really trying to hold back tears here .
This is so incredibly touching and sweet and I wish you both a lifetime of happiness .
Posted by : Matt | Dec 21 , 2009 7:31:27 AM
I know I am committing one of the 10 sins here , but I envy you both , well maybe not , I ai n't you neighbor .
Jeremy am so proud of you guys , really am , and a baby steps we go .......
Posted by : Larry Gibson | Dec 21 , 2009 7:32:04 AM
This is so fantastic !
Posted by : Forky | Dec 21 , 2009 7:46:17 AM
Hey , Fantastic !!
Way to go , Jeremy & Andrew .
Larry & I just celebrated our 3 month anniversary two days ago .....
All the best in 2010 !
David P.S. I 'm sure Maggie G. will send you a wedding present when she reads this article ....
Posted by : David Twombley | Dec 21 , 2009 7:57:07 AM
Woo hoo , and hearty congratulations to you sirs !
Posted by : PM | Dec 21 , 2009 7:58:45 AM
David : Nothing from Mags yet .
But some of you will remember that Peter LaBarbera sent me a condemnation a few days prior to the day : http://www.goodasyou.org/good_as_you/2009/06/because-a-toaster-would-have-been-too-sane.html
Posted by : G - A - Y | Dec 21 , 2009 8:00:46 AM
You 've got me all choked up this morning ...
That 's awesome , Jeremy !
Posted by : Necktie Knot | Dec 21 , 2009 8:06:46 AM
That 's fantastic .
We 're an American gay couple in New Zealand , and we had our Civil Union here when it became legal a few years ago .
It 's a very special event .
Congrats on that and congrats on the Martha bit too !
Posted by : Moon over Martinborough | Dec 21 , 2009 8:28:20 AM
How wonderful !
Congrats !!!
Posted by : Stacy Jill | Dec 21 , 2009 8:54:09 AM
Congratulations once again to you and Andrew !
Mazel Tov !
Posted by : John Ozed | Dec 21 , 2009 8:58:15 AM
Wow !
Your wedding made it into a Martha Stewart magazine .
Congrats you guys on both your marriage and making it into her magazine .
Posted by : Sam | Dec 21 , 2009 9:17:34 AM
Congrats guys .
Posted by : Vast Variety | Dec 21 , 2009 9:20:18 AM
Martha Stewart could not have picked a better couple to epitomize all that is good , decent and thoroughly wonderful about marriage equality .
You guys do more than put happy face on what , to our many detractors is n't , but which always should be a celebration of life .
You guys are the ideal and you do inspire hope .
Just do n't do something cheesy with your newfound celebrity ... like branding a line of MS Bath Soaps , or eye creams .
Though , a line of satin sheets or maybe hemp apparel / stationery might be appropriate !
Posted by : Dick Mills | Dec 21 , 2009 9:25:41 AM
Congratulations !!!
Great of Martha Stewart Inc to Publish !!
May many Blessings be on your Marriage , Jeremy & Andrew !!
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year to Everyone !
Posted by : Roger | Dec 21 , 2009 9:53:36 AM
Many congratulations !
It 's so cool that Martha profiled you -- and in the 15th Anniversary Edition , no less .
Posted by : Dana | Dec 21 , 2009 10:28:28 AM
Congrats !
You guys deserve it .
Posted by : dragon8888 | Dec 21 , 2009 10:53:35 AM
Mazel Tov !
( Did I get that right ? )
In any case , I believe we can all agree : The Best for the Best .
What a lovely couple you make .
The honeymoon is still going ?
Posted by : cowboy | Dec 21 , 2009 11:07:01 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
There are lots of ways to ruin a batch of steel .
Just like making a cake , add in too much of one ingredient , add an ingredient at the wrong time , or heat everything to the wrong temperature , and it could all end in disaster .
But in the case of a steel mill , we 're talking about a 150 ton cake made of red - hot molten iron that 's worth millions of dollars .
Obviously , the risk of messing things up is a little bit higher .
So , to help keep potential financial disaster at bay , the plants remove part of the human error factor and rely upon automated systems to keep things humming along smoothly .
Systems much like the ones made by the company where Robert M. was a development manager .
The systems that Robert 's group developed were not turnkey solutions ; instead the software that they produced was intended to interact with the plant 's hardware at a very low level .
Because of this — and the fact that nobody wanted to be " that guy " who caused a plant to lose a crapton of money — all bug fixes and enhancements had to run though a plant simulator system first .
While the arrangement worked well , Robert was always grateful when he was allowed to bring on additional help .
And this is why he was very interested when heard that Vijay would be coming onto his team .
Considerable Generosity !
The company was run by the founder and his son .
Phil , the son , was in charge of the " Advanced Technologies " group , which developed all sorts of neural networks and other things might be found on the latest cover of ComputerWorld ; they sounded very impressive but never quite became products .
All of them had advanced degrees in computer science and other , related fields .
Perhaps not coincidently , all of the money - making products were developed and maintained by people without advanced degrees .
" I 'm telling you Robert , you 're going to really appreciate having Vijay around , " said Phil , " He interviewed real strong and , get this .
He has a PhD in Computer Science !
You 'll be thanking me by the end of next week , you 'll see ! "
Vijay 's tenure , however , was temporary in nature .
Until a project was available to truly engage Vijay 's vast knowledge , he would be " on loan " to Robert 's team to " improve his group 's knowledge base " while gaining valuable real - world experience .
" You 'll want to exercise some care and feeding with that boy , " warned Phil , " he likes to be right .
But I have faith that you 'll be able to handle him when he arrives first thing tomorrow ! "
Welcome Aboard
When Vijay arrived on the scene , there was no mistaking him .
His sunglasses and clothing made him seem like he jumped out of the latest J.Crew catalog , but his swagger and facial hair made him look more like Dog the Bounty Hunter .
Robert greeted Vijay warmly and started showing him around the office , introducing him to the receptionist , the other developers on his team , how to join the coffee club and other good information like that .
Once acquainted with the development environment , Vijay 's first assignment was to fix a minor bug .
It was the sort of problem that you give to the new guy so that he can start to learn the code base .
And later that afternoon , Vijay came to Robert 's desk to announce that he had fixed the bug .
" Glad to hear that you tracked down the bug , " Phil responded enthusiastically .
" Did you run into any problems running the fixed code through the simulator ? "
" I did n't need to ! " replied Vijay , " it 's a proven fix .
It 's perfect ! "
Robert looked to a nearby colleague wondering if perhaps he had missed something Vijay had said .
" Vijay , it 's not that I doubt your skills , but what exactly do you mean by a ' proven fix ' ? "
Bullet Proofing the Proof
Vijay left Robert 's office and returned with a notebook .
He explained that , basically , the idea is that you create a mathematical proof via a formal method that describes a system .
What he had done was created a proof of how the system functioned , and then he recalculated after writing the actual fix .
While patting his notebook , he smiled and concluded , " therefore , this is my proof that the code will work — in writing ! "
" Vijay , you work is quite impressive , " Robert began , " but would you mind if we went over to the simulator and tried it out ? "
Vijay was agreeable to the proposition and joined and Robert at the simulator .
As per their normal test plan , Robert installed the patch and set up the conditions for the bug .
Vijay watched on silently with a very stoic of course it will you idiot during the whole process .
And then his mood suddenly changed when Robert found that the bug was still there .
" You see - the annealing temperature that appears on the operator 's screen still reads - 255 F .
Perhaps — " , Robert began before being abruptly cut off .
" But I proved that it was correct ! " exclaimed Vijay while stabbing his notebook with his pointer finger , " Now you see here !
Page 3 !
There !
SEE ?!?! "
Quietly , Robert offered , " Maybe there is an error in your proof , " but it did no good .
Muttering under his breath , Vijay stormed back to his desk and spent the remainder of the day ( literally ) pounding on his keyboard .
The next morning , the founder 's son , Phil , stopped by Robert 's office .
" Bad news Robert , " he opened , " as of this morning , Vijay will no longer be working with your group .
He was pretty upset that your software was defective and that it did n't work when he fixed it ... even when his fix was proven to be correct . "
Socolar 12 - fold A
Socolar found the basis for this tiling already in 1987 , but recently added a substitution tiling .
An interesting feature is that there exists a context - independent Ammann bar decoration of the tiles , similar to the one in the original Socolar 12 - fold but with different relative phases , and hence a fairly simple set of matching rules .
Self Similar Substitution
Many scientists believe stem cells hold great promise for new treatments
US regulators have approved 13 new lines of human embryonic stem cells for use in scientific research .
They are the first batches of embryonic stem cells - the building blocks of the body - that have been made available to US researchers in almost a decade .
The move comes after President Barack Obama eased restrictions on federally funded embryonic stem cell research .
Another 96 lines could soon be approved if they meet the ethical guidelines unveiled in July , US scientists said .
Scientists hope to harness the cells to treat a variety of diseases , including injuries , cancer and diabetes .
Ethical tests
" I am happy to say that we now have human embryonic stem cell lines eligible for use by our research community under our new stem cell policy , " said Francis Collins , director of the US National Institutes of Health .
Embryonic stem cells come from days - old embryos and can morph into any type of cell in the body .
Each embryo yields one stem cell line - a family of cells which can be replicated indefinitely in a laboratory .
But their use in scientific research is controversial .
Opponents say culling the cells is unethical , as it destroys the human embryo .
Under former President George W Bush , federal funding was limited to about 60 stem cell lines created from embryos destroyed prior to August 2001 .
Scientists say the new lines were created in ways that made them far better candidates for successful research .
The US government unveiled ethical guidelines for the research in July , requiring full parental consent and limiting scientists to using existing embryos that would otherwise be destroyed .
In keeping with the guidelines , the 13 newly - approved lines were created using private money from leftover embryos at fertility clinics .
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele , who already earns $ 223,500 as chairman of his party , is cashing in to the tune of $ 10,000 – $ 20,000 per speech given while he is still the de facto party leader .
And it has former GOP chairmen hopping mad .
According to a report in Tuesday ’s Washington Times , Steele — who has sparked controversy within his party — is personally profiting from speeches at colleges , trade fairs and other groups .
He charges as much as $ 20,000 per speech , plus first class airfare and hotel accomodations .
ADVERTISEMENT
$ 20,000 is nearly the poverty line for the annual income of an American family of four ( $ 22,050 ) .
“ Mr. Steele , elected in January to the $ 223,500 - a- year RNC post , is working with at least four outside agencies in Washington , New York , Boston and Nashville that book the speaking engagements , ” the Times reports .
“ He charges between $ 8,000 and $ 20,000 for an address . ”
“ Harry Sandler , who handles Mr. Steele ’s bookings at Newton , Mass . - based American Program Bureau , told The Washington Times that Mr. Steele “ tends ” to charge between $ 10,000 and $ 15,000 for an appearance and that he received roughly that amount for a Sept. 21 speech at Philander Smith College in Little Rock , Ark , ” the paper adds .
“ Mr. Steele has an upcoming speaking engagement at DePaul University in Chicago , for which he will be paid $ 12,500 . ”
“ Holy mackerel , I never heard of a chairman of either party ever taking money for speeches , ” Reagan RNC chairman Frank J. Fahrenkopf is quoted as saying .
And how did the RNC respond ?
“ This is silly , ” RNC spokeswoman Gail Gitcho said .
ADVERTISEMENT
‘ Scared of me ’
In November , Steele told an interviewer that some members of his party are “ scared ” of him — though it might not be for the reasons he articulated .
Since being elected the first African - American RNC chairman , Michael Steele has gotten into internecine spats for a number of bordering - on - insurgent quips against his party .
During a weekend interview in November , Steele told TV One ’s Roland Martin that he ’d experienced fear from other selected members of his party because of the color of his skin .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I mean I ’ve been in the room and they ’ve been scared of me , ” the RNC chairman said about fellow Republicans .
Unless you ’re suicidal , when you ride a fixed - gear bike , you ’ll want to strap your feet in .
Traditionally , this has been done by leather or fabric toe - straps , held open by metal cages , or more recently clip - less pedals , which ( paradoxically ) clip on to a special cleat in the sole of a cycling shoe .
Recently , another option has started to show up .
It ’s a wide strap which uses Velcro to secure it to itself , and is stiff enough to remain open even when empty , allowing your feet to slide in .
Advantages : lightweight , a good tight fit and works well with any regular shoes .
Disadvantages : Very limited availability and therefore relatively high cost .
One commercial example is the Brooklyn - made Hold Fast .
And what do we do here on Gadget Lab when we can’t find or afford a piece of kit ?
We make our own .
I paid a visit to the hardware store , spent less than €2 , and maybe an hours worth of work ( and several hours of laying in bed this morning planning ) .
The result ?
FootBelts !
( FeetBelts is already taken ) .
Follow along and make your own .
First , the hardware .
You ’ll need some kind of strap or webbing .
I used strapping for ratchets .
I figured that if it ’s strong enough to tighten down a load on a truck , it ’s good enough for my feet .
It was also cheap , came in a bunch of bright colors and was available in the right size .
As ever , do n’t worry too much about what I ’m using .
I headed to the hardware store and poked around to see what looked good .
You should do the same .
I bought two meters for € 1.80 ( around $ 2.50 ) .
The second ingredient is Velcro , and I have a lot left over from various projects .
Buy it by the roll ( it ’s cheaper in bulk ) and pick something the same width or narrower than your strapping .
Finally , a needle and thread .
A sewing machine is quicker , but I do n’t have one .
Measure Twice , Cut Once
Put a shoe on the pedal and measure how much strap you ’ll need .
There should be a good foot - width of overlap on the top , as this is where the Velcro will go .
Mark , measure again and cut .
At this stage I found out that my strapping likes to fray , but happily it ’s made of plastic .
A quick trip through a lighter flame sealed the ends .
Add Velcro
Part of the strip will be split to thread through the holes in the pedal .
I stuck the ( self - adhesive ) Velcro first and cut through both together .
You can do this , or cut separately .
The idea is to make a Velcro sandwich , with hooks and loops that clamp onto each other .
It ’s easier to see than to explain :
The second part of the sandwich is sewn on .
This is fairly important for strength , as the seam will take a fair amount of stress .
I ’m a messy but effective sewer when I ’m in a hurry , but this should hold , at least until I make it to a sewing machine .
That ’s it .
The sizes will depend on the size of your feet and pedals , as well as your material , but the actual setup is straightforward enough .
Thread the “ forked ” part through the pedals from the outside and then up and over your foot .
Stick them to the top of the wide strap and then fold the sewn flap over the top to secure .
Ride
I took them for a quick spin and they feel great .
I ’ll need to do a longer trip to be sure , but I like them so far , and they ’ll work with softer summer shoes .
Two weak points may be where the strap is split , and the sewn seam .
Also , you should really sew the Velcro into place , not just leave it glued .
Again , a sewing machine will help .
Good luck , and let us know if you make any of your own .
Bonus points for innovations and outlandish colors .
A 24 - year - old Tennessee man was sentenced today to more than 14 years in federal prison for burning down a mosque .
Michael Golden and two other men pleaded guilty to firebombing the Islamic Center of Columbia , Tenn. , in February 2008 , the Justice Department announced .
The other two defendants , Jonathan Stone and Eric Baker , are to be sentenced next month .
Golden admitted making , igniting and throwing the Molotov cocktails that destroyed the mosque .
He also testified that a co-defendant painted swastikas and " White Power , we run the world " on the inside walls .
The mosque relocated and reopened .
Earlier this year , an American University professor and two students paid a visit to learn more .
Here 's their story .
The sentencing came as the FBI released a report showing hate crimes against religious groups , blacks and gays rose in 2008 .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
2009 may well be remembered for its scandal - ridden headlines , from admissions of extramarital affairs by governors and senators , to corporate executives flying private jets while cutting employee benefits , and most recently , to a mysterious early morning car crash in Florida .
The past year has been marked by a series of moral transgressions by powerful figures in political , business and celebrity circles .
New research from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University explores why powerful people - many of whom take a moral high ground - do n't practice what they preach .
In " Power Increases Hypocrisy : Moralizing in Reasoning , Immunity and Behavior , " researchers sought to determine whether power inspires hypocrisy , the tendency to hold high standards for others while performing morally suspect behaviors oneself .
The research finds that power makes people stricter in moral judgment of others - while being less strict of their own behavior .
The research was conducted by Joris Lammers and Diederik A. Stapel of Tilburg University in the Netherlands , and by Adam Galinsky of the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in Evanston , Ill .
The article will appear in a forthcoming issue of Psychological Science .
" This research is especially relevant to the biggest scandals of 2009 , as we look back on how private behavior often contradicted the public stance of particular individuals in power , " said Galinsky , the Morris and Alice Kaplan Professor of Ethics and Decision in Management at the Kellogg School .
" For instance , we saw some politicians use public funds for private benefits while calling for smaller government , or have extramarital affairs while advocating family values .
Similarly , we witnessed CEOs of major financial institutions accepting executive bonuses while simultaneously asking for government bailout money on behalf of their companies . "
" According to our research , power and influence can cause a severe disconnect between public judgment and private behavior , and as a result , the powerful are stricter in their judgment of others while being more lenient toward their own actions , " he continued .
To simulate an experience of power , the researchers assigned roles of high - power and low - power positions to a group of study participants .
Some were assigned the role of prime minister and others civil servant .
The participants were then presented with moral dilemmas related to breaking traffic rules , declaring taxes , and returning a stolen bike .
Through a series of five experiments , the researchers examined the impact of power on moral hypocrisy .
For example , in one experiment the " powerful " participants condemned the cheating of others while cheating more themselves .
High - power participants also tended to condemn over - reporting of travel expenses .
But , when given a chance to cheat on a dice game to win lottery tickets ( played alone in the privacy of a cubicle ) , the powerful people reported winning a higher amount of lottery tickets than did low - power participants .
Three additional experiments further examined the degree to which powerful people accept their own moral transgressions versus those committed by others .
In all cases , those assigned to high - power roles showed significant moral hypocrisy by more strictly judging others for speeding , dodging taxes and keeping a stolen bike , while finding it more acceptable to engage in these behaviors themselves .
Galinsky noted that moral hypocrisy has its greatest impact among people who are legitimately powerful .
In contrast , a fifth experiment demonstrated that people who do n't feel personally entitled to their power are actually harder on themselves than they are on others , which is a phenomenon the researchers dubbed " hypercrisy . "
The tendency to be harder on the self than on others also characterized the powerless in multiple studies .
" Ultimately , patterns of hypocrisy and hypercrisy perpetuate social inequality .
The powerful impose rules and restraints on others while disregarding these restraints for themselves , whereas the powerless collaborate in reproducing social inequality because they do n't feel the same entitlement , " Galinsky concluded .
Explore further
The freedom of power
An international meeting of experts on HIV has called for transgenderism to be reclassified as a medical condition , rather than a mental illness .
The second International Experts ’ Meeting on HIV Prevention for MSM , WSW [ men who have sex with men and women who have sex with women ] and Transgenders took place in Amsterdam in early November with 130 experts from around the world .
A report , called Moving from Intentions to Action , has now been published and calls for change in how trans people are treated .
It argues that trans people would then escape the stigma of mental illness that is frequently attached to them .
The report said : “ Gender identity variance ( transgenderism ) should be reclassified from its current classification as a mental health disorder in the American Psychiatric Association ’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual and the World Health Organisation ’s International Classification Of Diseases ( ICD ) .
“ Instead it should be classified as a medical condition .
This would provide a diagnostic category in the ICD that would accommodate the needs of those gender identity variant people who require medical care for their condition , but without the stigma attached to mental disorder . ”
Professor Stephen Whittle , of Manchester Metropolitan University and trans group Press For Change , welcomed the move .
He said : “ This is another major contribution to the very important , and crucial debate on whether simply having a gender identity and the desire to express yourself through it can be a mental illness .
“ We accept that many trans people need the support of mental health specialists – but not because of their gender identity , but because of the rejection of their gender not just on a personal transphobic level but also institutionally and at the wider structural levels .
“ Every one of us has a gender identity and look at any group of people and one can see a vast number of ways ordinary people express their person gender place – how they want others to know them .
At their core trans people want nothing more than to have the privilege to do the same . ”
Medical opinion once held that homosexuality was a mental illness .
It was removed from the list of mental disorders by the World Health Organisation in 1990 .
I have released Mouse 0.42 " Mouse : : XS " .
From this version , Mouse generates constructors , destructors , and accessors in XS .
These generated mehtods are much faster than pure Perl methods , especially in attributes with type constraints .
How fast is it ?
Accoding to a benchmark for HTTP :: Engine , Mouse : : XS is about 100 % faster than Mouse : : PurePerl in command line applications , while it is about 20 % faster in persistent applications .
Although the Moose comunity has always recommended to use Any :: Moose instead of using Mouse directly and I have always agreed with it , you might want to use Mouse for run-time performance until Moose supports XS method generators .
Maybe we 'd better to make Moose classes to be able to extend Mouse classes and vice versa .
Anyway , enjoy Perl with Mo[ou ]se !
( In Japanese )
Mouse 0.42をリリースしました。このバージョンから，Mouseが生成するコンストラクタ，デストラクタ，アクセサがXSになります。これにより，スタートアップの速度だけでなく実行時の速度もMooseより高速になりました。
今まではMouseを直接使用するのではなく，Any::Mooseを使用するよう奨励されてきましたが，実行時の速度のためにMouseを使うという選択肢も出てきました。私としては，MooseにXSメソッドを生成させるようにするか，MooseクラスがMouseクラスを継承できるようにするか，いずれかの方向へ進むべきだと思っています。
Who would win in a fight : Digg , StumbleUpon , or Reddit ?
( Poll Closed )
A CNN investigation reveals why the Army 's rules for holding detainees may have led to the murders of four Iraqis by three decorated Army sergeants .
Watch Saturday and Sunday at 8 and 11 p.m. ET on CNN .
Bakersfield , California ( CNN ) --
A former Army sergeant who revealed the murders of four Iraqis at a canal in 2007 says he has no regrets about breaking his silence .
" I did the right thing , " Jess Cunningham told CNN's " AC360° . "
" I 'm not going to hide behind false brotherhood . "
Nine months after the March 2007 murders , Cunningham told his Army lawyer what had happened at the canal .
Eventually , three sergeants would be convicted of premeditated murder and conspiracy to commit premeditated murder .
" These men are not heroes .
They 're not saviors , " Cunningham said .
First Sgt. John Hatley , Sgt. 1st Class Joseph Mayo and Sgt. Michael Leahy are all serving terms at the U.S. military prison at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas .
A CNN investigation revealed that Hatley was frustrated with the rules for taking in detainees , which spelled out what was needed to gather evidence .
By all accounts , Hatley believed the four Iraqis would be released from a detention facility because there was not enough evidence to hold them .
CNN obtained 23 ½ hours of extraordinary Army interrogation tapes in which soldiers who were at the canal that day detail what happened .
The tapes include a confession by Leahy , who admits he killed one detainee and shot another .
Cunningham told his attorney about the murders when he was facing military discipline in late 2008 for assaulting Leahy and being disrespectful to an officer .
He said the reason he came forward was not related to the Army punishment that he was facing at the time .
He said he waited to break his silence until he returned to his military base in Schweinfurt , Germany .
He said he was afraid of reporting the crime while he was in Iraq , fearing his fellow soldiers would turn on him .
Based on Cunningham 's information , the Army launched an investigation in January 2008 .
Asked why he did not report the crime earlier , Cunningham said , " Retaliation .
Fear of being alone , fear of being the only one that had a problem with it , fear of so many things that could have happened to me . "
Cunningham was among 13 soldiers at the canal .
He and another sergeant were charged with conspiracy to commit premeditated murder , but the charges were dropped .
Cunningham received immunity for testifying .
David Court , who is Hatley 's attorney , said Cunningham " did not come forward for any altruistic motive .
He only mentioned this because he thought it would get him less punishment .
He did n't do it because he thought , ' I 've got to blow the whistle . ' "
Court said , " If I were Sgt. Cunningham , I 'd be worried that , having broken the band of brothers , something might happen to me . "
Cunningham said that is exactly why he did not come forward earlier .
" I do n't really care what other people think of me , " he said .
" I do n't worry .
I 'm not gonna lose any sleep .
I did the right thing that day . "
He said Hatley betrayed his soldiers that day .
" He betrayed the military , and you can't sit there and tell people what 's right and wrong when you go out there and do the wrong thing , but it 's all right because you do it [ for ] the better good . "
A new study shows the top 100 search terms kids used in 2009 , and whoo boy are we all in trouble .
Advertisement
" Youtube " is the winner across all age groups , with Facebook and Google rounding out the top three .
In the four hole , the teens and the tweens are both searching for " sex , " which is just good life practice .
But kids seven and under apparently prefer to skip the formalities and search for straight - up porn .
That 's more than Club Penguin , more than the Cartoon Network , and way more than Hannah Montana .
So three thoughts from this .
One :
Hey , kids , stop searching for Google .
It does n't make any sense .
Two : I believe the children are our future .
Three :
Our future is doomed .
[ Symantec via CNET ]
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A New Zealand church has sparked outrage by erecting a billboard depicting Mary and Joseph lying semi-nude beneath the sheets .
In an unorthodox take on the Christmas tale , the billboard depicts a forlorn Joseph and Mary looking to the sky with a caption which reads : " Poor Joseph .
God is a hard act to follow . "
The St Matthew - in - the - City church said it wanted to inspire people to talk about the Christmas story .
But within five hours of the billboard going up in downtown Auckland a man was standing on his car roof painting over the raunchy image .
Archdeacon Glynn Cardy said the church meant to challenge a fundamentalist interpretation of Christ 's birth .
" What we 're trying to do is to get people to think more about what Christmas is all about .
Is it about a spiritual male God sending down sperm so a child would be born , or is it about the power of love in our midst as seen in Jesus ? "
Cardy said one person had threatened to tear down the billboard but that of the 20 odd emails and phone calls he had received " about 50 % said they loved it , and about 50 % said it was terribly offensive " .
The Catholic church joined those on the attack , accusing the Anglican church of disrespect .
" It 's flying in the face of our 2,000 - year - old beliefs , " a Catholic church spokesman , Lyndsay Freer , said .
The conservative Family First organisation said the Anglican church could debate the Bible story away from the public eye .
" To confront children and families with the concept as a street billboard is completely irresponsible and unnecessary , " Family First 's national director , Bob McCoskrie , said .
A complaint has been lodged with New Zealand 's advertising watchdog , the Advertising Authority , but Cardy was unrepentant .
" I do n't see why one person 's protest should deny other people the enjoyment of the billboard . "
The intelligence reports fitted the suspicions of the time : al - Qaida sleeper agents were scattered across the US awaiting orders that were broadcast in secret codes over the al - Jazeera television network .
Flights from Britain and France were cancelled .
Officials warned of a looming " spectacular attack " to rival 9/11 .
In 2003 President Bush 's homeland security tsar , Tom Ridge , spoke of a " credible source " whose information had US military bracing for a new terrorist onslaught .
Then suddenly no more was said .
Six years later , Playboy magazine has revealed that the CIA fell victim to an elaborate con by a compulsive gambler who claimed to have developed software that discovered al - Jazeera broadcasts were being used to transmit messages to terrorists buried deep in America .
Dennis Montgomery , 56 , the co-owner of a software gaming company in Nevada , who has since been arrested for bouncing $ 1 m worth of cheques , claims his program read messages hidden in barcodes listing international flights to the US , their positions and airports to be targeted .
The CIA took the information seriously , working with Montgomery at his offices and paying him an undisclosed amount of money .
The " intelligence " Montgomery claimed to have found was passed on to the White House and homeland security where it kickstarted an alert that bordered on panic .
According to Playboy , Montgomery 's claims caused the cancellation of British Airways and other flights supposedly mentioned in the codes .
Some officials were not at all surprised to hear the allegation that al - Jazeera was involved .
The then defence secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , later vilified the station for " vicious , inaccurate and inexcusable " reporting of the US invasion of Iraq .
For months , the source of the information was kept under wraps within the CIA but once it became more widely known in the agency it immediately came under question .
Playboy quotes one former counterterrorism official who attended a briefing on the source as being furious .
He said : " I was saying : ' This is crazy .
This is embarrassing . '
They claimed they were breaking the code , getting latitude and longitude , and al - Qaida operatives were decoding it .
They were coming up with airports and everything , and we were just saying : ' You know , this is horseshit ! ' "
Frances Townsend , a homeland security adviser to Bush , defended the decision to work with Montgomery .
" It did n't seem beyond the realm of possibility .
We were relying on technical people to tell us whether or not it was feasible .
I do n't regret having acted on it , " she told Playboy .
But the doubts began to prevail as Montgomery refused to reveal how he was finding the barcodes , when no one else could , and he demanded $ 100 m for the software .
The CIA also began to wonder why al - Qaida did n't use emails and web pages to communicate with its agents .
It was , John Steinbeck wrote in “ The Grapes of Wrath , ” the “ Mother Road ” of Dust Bowl sharecroppers heading to the promised land of California .
It was where George Maharis and Martin Milner got their 1960s kicks in a Corvette and the highway that brought families to Disneyland and the original McDonald ’s in San Bernardino .
Immortalized in countless novels , songs and movies , Route 66 was the 2,400 - mile road along which adventure seekers meandered from Chicago to the Pacific Coast , bedding down in tepee motels and eating at greasy spoons .
Of the eight states through which Route 66 passed -- the others are Illinois , Missouri , Kansas , Oklahoma , Texas , New Mexico and Arizona -- California is the only one that has not done a cultural survey of the highway .
The California Preservation Foundation and the National Park Service said Monday they want to change that .
With $ 65,000 in funding from the park service , the foundation plans to hire a consultant to document the state ’s portion of the Route 66 corridor .
Cindy Heitzman , executive director of the California Preservation Foundation , said an official with the National Park Service Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program broached the subject of a survey in July , and the groups formed a partnership .
“ We were the holdout , ” Heitzman said , “ and this was a wonderful opportunity to complete the survey . ”
James M. Conkle , a Route 66 aficionado and activist , said he and others had been promoting the idea of a survey for years .
A full survey could cost as much as $ 650,000 , he said .
“ It ’s not fully funded , but it ’s at least a start , ” said Conkle , chairman of the Route 66 Alliance , one of several nonprofit groups seeking to promote awareness and preservation of the legendary highway .
The foundation has been meeting with a stakeholders committee that includes representatives from federal and state agencies as well as several Route 66 nonprofit groups , including the Route 66 Alliance and the California Route 66 Preservation Foundation .
The consultant will travel the Route 66 corridor from the Arizona border at Topock to Santa Monica and catalog the different roadside properties , such as diners , motels and attractions , and identify historic themes and key periods of significance .
A 1931 AAA guide indicated that California had 332 miles of U.S. Highway 66 from Needles to Los Angeles , though the road was later extended to Santa Monica .
Along the way , the highway passes through Mojave Desert ghost towns and miles of urban sprawl .
The highway , rendered unnecessary by the interstate highway system , was decommissioned in the mid-1980s and much of the living history of Route 66 has vanished as the road has been broadened into suburban thoroughfares .
Still , groups have sprung up to preserve the highway and its history , one with deep connections with the American psyche .
As “ roadie ” Michael Wallis wrote in his 1990 book “ Route 66 : The Mother Road ” : “ Route 66 is Steinbeck and Will Rogers and Woody Guthrie and Merle Haggard and Dorothea Lange and Mickey Mantle and Jack Kerouac .
It ’s thousands of waitresses , service station attendants , fry cooks , truckers , grease monkeys , hustlers , state cops , wrecker drivers and motel clerks .
. . .
It ’s yesterday , today and tomorrow .
Truly a road of phantoms and dreams , 66 is the romance of traveling the open highway . ”
A chief goal for the consultant will be to complete at least one nomination for the National Register of Historic Places , said Jennifer Gates , field services director for the California Preservation Foundation and manager of the Route 66 project .
A number of California Route 66 attractions are already listed in the National Register .
They include the Aztec Hotel in Monrovia , the Broadway theater and commercial district in downtown Los Angeles and the Colorado Street Bridge in Pasadena .
martha.groves@latimes.com
A fight is brewing over the practice of feeding chicken feces and other poultry farm waste to cattle .
A coalition of food and consumer groups that includes Consumers Union and the Center for Science in the Public Interest has asked the Food and Drug Administration to ban the practice .
McDonald ’s Corp. , the nation ’s largest restaurant user of beef , also wants the FDA to prohibit the feeding of so - called poultry litter to cattle .
Members of the coalition are threatening to file a lawsuit or to push for federal legislation establishing such a ban if the FDA does n’t act to do so in the coming months .
Farmers feed 1 million to 2 million tons of poultry litter to their cattle annually , according to FDA estimates .
Advertisement
Using the litter -- which includes feces , spilled chicken feed , feathers and poultry farm detritus -- increases the risk of cows becoming infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or mad cow disease , said Michael Hansen , a senior scientist at Consumers Union .
That ’s because the spilled chicken feed and the feces contain tissue from ruminants -- cows and sheep , among other mammals .
The disease is transmitted through feeding ruminant remains to cattle .
“ It takes a very small quantity of ruminant protein , even just 1 milligram , to cause an infection , ” said Steve Roach , public health program director with Food Animal Concerns Trust , a Chicago - based animal welfare group that is part of the coalition .
Although it is rare , people can contract a fatal form of the disease by eating meat from cows with BSE .
Advertisement
The National Cattlemen ’s Beef Assn. , the beef industry ’s main trade group , said the ban was not needed and that several FDA reviews had determined that the chance of cattle becoming infected with mad cow disease from eating poultry litter was remote .
“ Science does not justify the ban , and the FDA has looked at this now many times , ” said Elizabeth Parker , chief veterinarian for the trade group .
Parker noted that the FDA this year banned the use of certain types of tissue from any form of animal feed , even that eaten by chickens .
Those tissues include brain , spinal cord material and other high - risk tissues where the pathogens believed to cause mad cow disease typically are found .
The tissue ban greatly reduces chances that prions , implicated in mad cow , can find their way into the food chain , Parker said .
She also said the disease was not a threat to public health .
“ We have tested 800,000 cattle in recent years and have not found any evidence of BSE circulating in the herd , ” Parker said .
Advertisement
But others remain concerned .
“ I still think you need to totally restrict using any ruminant protein in feed that gets back to ruminants , ” said Linda Detwiler , a food safety consultant and former U.S. Department of Agriculture veterinarian .
Prohibiting high - risk tissues as a feed source makes the chances of transmitting mad cow disease through poultry litter low but does not remove all risk , Detwiler said .
The practice also makes McDonald ’s , one of the nation ’s biggest beef purchasers , nervous .
“ We do not condone the feeding of poultry litter to cattle , ” it said in a statement .
Advertisement
The issue has kicked around since the first U.S. case of mad cow disease was discovered almost six years ago in an animal imported from Canada .
There have been two known indigenous cases of mad cow infections in domestic cattle since then , but both were in animals born before the enactment of stricter regulation of feed .
Generally , the FDA has left the decision on whether to feed cattle poultry litter up to state regulators .
California allows the practice with one exception : Poultry litter is banned in feed for lactating dairy cows .
In 2004 , the FDA announced its intention to prohibit the use of poultry litter in cattle feed , but after reviewing the proposed ban decided against it .
The agency said its rules prohibiting the use of high - risk tissues in all animal feed were sufficient to keep mad cow pathogens from reaching poultry feed .
The FDA also said there was little risk to human or cattle health from the other components of poultry litter .
“ With respect to pathogenic microorganisms , drug residues and contaminants in poultry litter , FDA is not aware of any data showing that the use of poultry litter in cattle feed is posing human or animal health risks that warrant restrictions on its use , ” the agency said .
Advertisement
But Hansen , the Consumers Union scientist , said that besides the mad cow risk , the feed can contain disease - causing bacteria , antibiotics and even foreign objects such as dead rodents , rocks , nails and glass .
Such hazards are not eliminated by any processing of the feed that might occur , he said .
Feeding farm animals feces may sound gross , but it goes back to the dawn of animal agriculture , said Dean Cliver , professor emeritus of food safety at UC Davis .
“ In the old days when people had mixed farms , what came out the back end of the cows was eaten by pigs , and what came out the end of pigs was eaten by chickens .
That was the natural way of farming , ” he said .
“ Anything that hit the ground was fair game . ”
Advertisement
--
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
twitter.com/latimesjerry
WASHINGTON -- Militants in Iraq have used $ 26 off - the - shelf software to intercept live video feeds from U.S. Predator drones , potentially providing them with information they need to evade or monitor U.S. military operations .
Senior defense and intelligence officials said Iranian - backed insurgents intercepted the video feeds by taking advantage of an unprotected communications link in some of the remotely flown planes ' systems .
Shiite fighters in Iraq used software programs such as SkyGrabber -- available for as little as $ 25.95 on the Internet -- to regularly capture drone video feeds , according to a person familiar with reports on the matter .
U.S. officials say there is no evidence that militants were able to take control of the drones or otherwise interfere with their flights .
Still , the intercepts could give America 's enemies battlefield advantages by removing the element of surprise from certain missions and making it easier for insurgents to determine which roads and buildings are under U.S. surveillance .
The drone intercepts mark the emergence of a shadow cyber war within the U.S. - led conflicts overseas .
They also point to a potentially serious vulnerability in Washington 's growing network of unmanned drones , which have become the American weapon of choice in both Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The Obama administration has come to rely heavily on the unmanned drones because they allow the U.S. to safely monitor and stalk insurgent targets in areas where sending American troops would be either politically untenable or too risky .
OTTAWA – In a landmark ruling on freedom of expression , the Supreme Court of Canada has created a new legal defence to libel lawsuits that would shield journalists who fairly and responsibly report stories of public interest .
The new defence , dubbed " responsible communication " by the country 's top court , gives greater protection to broadcasters , writers and bloggers who diligently try to verify the accuracy of information in their reports , even if every statement cannot later be proven to be true .
It is a huge legal victory for the Toronto Star , which along with a broad coalition of Canadian media outlets , and the Canadian Civil Liberties Association , had called for just such a defence .
" It 's probably the most important decision the Supreme Court 's ever decided on the law of libel , " said Star lawyer Paul Schabas .
" It modernizes our laws to better reflect freedom of speech . "
" This means there will be more information put out to the public to scrutinize what public officials do and to debate matters of public interest . "
" This is an historic victory for Canadians , ” said Toronto Star Editor Michael Cooke .
“ We have long argued that serious investigative reporting , a Star specialty , needs the backing of the courts to enable us to shine a light on wrongdoing .
We see this Supreme Court decision as a ringing endorsement of the Star 's efforts over many years to fight injustice . "
The decision breaks new ground for Canadian common law , bringing it in line with decisions in the United Kingdom , as well as Australia , New Zealand , South Africa .
" Freewheeling debate on matters of public interest is to be encouraged and must not be thwarted by ' overly solicitous regard for personal reputation , ' " said Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin , writing for a unanimous court .
The ruling sets the stage for the law to be applied to new trials in two Ontario cases , one involving the Toronto Star , the other involving the Ottawa Citizen .
The high court said the current law of defamation in Canada does n't give enough weight to the Charter guarantee of free expression , because it provides no protection for statements " if they can not be proven to be true . "
The law , said McLachlin , should be changed to provide " greater protection " for statements that are " reliable and important to public debate . "
" To insist on court - established certainty in reporting " may prevent communication of facts a reasonable person would accept as reliable " but also of inhibiting political discourse and debate on matters of public importance and impeding the cut and thrust of discussion necessary to discovery of the truth . "
McLachlin said the right to free expression " does not confer a license to ruin reputation " but said that with the Charter entrenching the " constitutional value " attached to free expression , " the balance tips " toward broadening the defences available to media .
It means the Star will be able to argue it acted " responsibly " when it published an article about Ontario developer Peter Grant , a friend and supporter of former premier Mike Harris , who had applied to expand a private golf course .
Grant sued the Toronto Star , over statements that local residents believed the golf course on cottage lakeside property was already a " done deal " given Grant 's Tory ties .
He said the story was based on innuendo and was defamatory .
Under the new defence , the question of whether a story is about a " matter of public interest " is up to a judge to decide .
But a jury would decide whether a newspaper or broadcaster took all " reasonable steps " to ensure its accuracy .
An Ontario trial judge determined the Grant golf course application was a matter of " local " not general public interest .
But the high court today said the Grant matter was clearly " of public interest " as it related to " issues of government conduct . "
" Public " interest , the court said , is not merely that which titillates the public , such as the private lives of well - known people .
" Mere curiosity or prurient interest is not enough , " McLachlin wrote .
But it may be engaged depending on the prominence of a person in the story .
" The public has a genuine stake in knowing about many matters , ranging from science and the arts to the environment , religion and morality , " the court said .
Grant 's lawyer Peter Downard said Tuesday the ruling is an " even- handed " judgment and tries to strike a typically Canadian balance between privacy and public reporting .
But he said that the final call rests with a jury is a " tremendous safeguard " for Canadians .
He suggested he believes Grant would still be able to win at a new trial because that " key question " of whether reporter Bill Schiller , now the Star 's Beijing correspondent , acted responsibly goes to a jury of six community members .
The new defence does not go as far as the U.S. model , which requires a public figure plaintiff to show " actual malice " on the part of a reporter .
The Supreme Court of Canada said in that contest between free expression and reputation protection , " free expression decisively won the day . "
The high court said the " middle road " it has chosen provides a " a reasonable and proportionate response to the need to protect reputation while sustaining the public exchange of information that is vital to modern Canadian society . "
It listed eight factors for a jury to consider when weighing whether a publication acted responsibly :
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
- the seriousness of the allegation or whether the " stinging " statement was a passing irritant or a blow that devastates a person 's reputation and career
- the public importance of the matter
- the urgency of the matter
- the reliability of the source of information
- whether the " other side " of the story was duly sought and fairly reported .
It is " inherently unfair " to publish , said the court , without giving the target an opportunity to respond
- if the statement is justifiable , necessary to the communication
- whether a reported statement is " reportage " or needless repetition of a libellous
- and any other considerations relevant to the way the story was reported
The high court said it would also allow the Ottawa Citizen to argue the new defence in a libel lawsuit over articles published about an OPP officer who was criticized by New York authorities and his superiors after he went to Ground Zero following the 9/11 attacks with his pet dog to help search for survivors .
" When Cst. Cusson represented himself to the New York authorities and the media as an OPP or RCMP officer , he sacrificed any claim to be engaged in a purely private matter .
News of his heroism was already a matter of public record ; there is no reason that legitimate questions about the validity of this impression should not have been publicized too . "
Cusson 's lawyer Ronald Caza said his client will now review the decision , but he called it a " groundbreaking decision " that will now shift the focus onto journalists and their practices .
Citizen lawyer Richard Dearden said the ruling is a " huge victory " that favours the publication of stories in the public interest , and will have the effect of increasing journalists ' standards of practice , because " you have to be responsible . "
" You can't phone at midnight and the presses are going to roll two minutes later and ( say ) well , we could n't reach that person .
That wo n't be responsible .
But if you 've given them fair opportunity to respond and they choose not to , that 's up to them , you 've done your job . "
" It will be interesting to see how these communications advisers now are going to advise their clients .
I do n't think you can say ' no comment ' anymore . "
PORTLAND , Ore. -- Portland center Greg Oden will likely miss the rest of the season after fracturing his left knee cap Saturday night in the Trail Blazers ' victory over the Houston Rockets .
" He 's a strong kid , " said general manager Kevin Pritchard , visibly shaken by the latest injury to befall the 7 - foot center .
" He 's going to bounce back from this . "
Oden dropped to the floor clutching his left knee and grimacing after colliding with a driving Aaron Brooks midway through the first quarter .
Oden was almost immediately surrounded by trainers and physicians .
The crowd at the Rose Garden stood and chanted " Oden ! Oden ! "
The game was stopped for some 7 minutes .
Finally , Oden was gently moved to a stretcher and wheeled from the court .
He underwent an MRI shortly thereafter .
The Blazers said Oden will need surgery .
A timetable for his return was not immediately set .
" I 'm obviously disappointed having worked so hard to get to where I was .
This is a setback but I 'll be back .
It 's in God 's hands now , " Oden said in a statement released by the team .
" I want to thank the fans , my teammates and everyone in the Blazers family for all of their good thoughts . "
Oden , the No. 1 pick in the 2007 NBA draft out of Ohio State , has been plagued by injures his entire NBA career .
The 7 - footer missed rookie season after undergoing microfracture surgery on his right knee .
Last season , Oden sat out six games after injuring his right foot in the season opener against the Lakers , then missed 14 games after the All - Star break with a bone chip in his left knee .
He finished the season averaging 8.9 points and 7 rebounds .
Oden lost weight during the offseason and was averaging 11.7 points and 8.8 rebounds this season as a starter .
" I thought he was the most consistent player this short season , " coach Nate McMillan said .
" For him to go through this -- it 's just unfortunate for him because he worked so hard . "
Blazers guard Brandon Roy said
Oden spoke to the team at halftime , after he had learned of the diagnosis .
" He told us to keep fighting , " Roy said .
" He feels like he 's letting us down . "
Portland went on to edge the Rockets 90 - 89 , ending a three - game losing streak .
But Oden 's injury felt like a " punch in the gut , " Pritchard said .
The Blazers have been beset by injuries .
Starting forward Nicolas Batum needed shoulder surgery just before the opener .
Fellow forward Travis Outlaw fractured his foot in mid-November and required surgery .
Forward Rudy Fernandez was out of Saturday night 's game with sciatic pain and set to undergo an MRI .
It was uncertain if he would be with the team on an upcoming four - game trip starting with the Knicks on Monday night .
Even McMillan was set to undergo surgery Monday after rupturing his right Achilles ' tendon during practice .
The coach was participating in practice because the team is so short - handed .
He will miss the team 's upcoming road trip , replaced by assistant coach Dean Demopoulos .
Wow , when everything starts to fall into place , it really falls into place .
As most know , I was the confirmed pain wimp .
* what wait a second WAS !!!*
Yes , that ’s right WAS the pain wimp .
When did this miraculous development happen , you ask , well , it started a few months ago with my first into to the flogger , continued on Halloween , and then a major blow was dealt over thanksgiving week .
Let ’s start with a bit of a refresher for those that have n’t followed my misadventures .
I was a confirmed pain wimp .
The thought of being spanked , punished , flogged , whipped … scared the daylights out of me .
When I first moved down here to my Master just the sight of His paddle would make me shake * and not in a good way *… a swat with it or just about anything else sent restless nights my way .
Slowly .. that changed … a swat here and there .. some playful banter to go with , and suddenly the panic receded and was replaced with a tad bit of wonder .
Then came the flogger …it ’s a soft suede one , and not ouchie at all .
A great starter one I would say .
And as I became used to it …I wanted more , wanted to see just how much more I could take …how much further I could go .
I was excited as my fear started to slip and give way ; a whole new side of things was opening up to me and I wanted to venture forth into it .
The next big step came on Halloween when I attended a play party .
I was extremely nervous but it was wonderful to see and watch as subs and slaves were put through their paces so to speak .
Later in the evening I had relaxed and felt comfortable enough myself that I bravely was taken to the spanking bench .
Mind you this was the first time I had ever been actually placed anywhere for the distinct purpose of being spanked / paddles / flogged .
I was so nervous , but fortunately I had great people supporting me , including another sub / slave that stayed right by me and talked and watched me as it happened .
I think that gave me the confidence to get up on that bench .
Being on there was an excerise in processing …
double time as I had one spanking me with a paddle and another with a flogger .
Wow , the sensations that were going through me as I would process things was amazing .
At times I was able to process things well and just get just to being hit , and then WACK a really hard one that would be difficult to process but not over the edge .
It would just bring me close enough to know that I could handle it … then they would back down a bit as a processed through the pain .
This went on for about 30 mins …at times it was lovely , and at times very very intense as I would be hit quickly in succession .
Getting down off the bench I was shaky and so excited about what I had done .
Having everyone there and watching me was a bonus as well , and that too was an experience .
To have people watching as I was getting my beating .
About 20 mins off of the bench I was ready to hop back up there …and the addiction was truly born .
Over Thanksgiving , I think a critical hit was taken by the pain wimp .
To start with the whole experience was different from the time I stepped through the door .
Attitude , atmosphere … everything was fresh and new .
I was immediately told to strip naked ** a first for in the home ** and was shackled both ankles and wrists .
Was told that I had to ask permission for everything except to use the bathroom ** another first **.
I knew this week would be different from any other and that I would be delving deeper into the lifestyle than I had before ... i was nervous and excited .
New things started almost immediately … nipple clamps * still do n’t like those * , a push pin rolling wheel * not too bad until it ’s rolled over the nipples and placed under the tits for a while ( I have large heavy breast so it started hurting ) , then a metal comb what made my entire back marked and sensitive , next came the whip .. now I was really nervous .
Whips scare me the sound remind me of dark days .. but I was curious as to how it would feel .
Having watched it being used at the Halloween party , I was excited to have it used on me too .
There were so many mixed emotions going on , that I had to let go of them or drive myself crazy and so I did .
Then there was that first slap … ouchie … then .. mmm … I kinda like that …and again and again .
Then a snappy hit .. ouchie * holy shit did n’t like that * and another slappy hit .. okay I like that one .
Slowly I was learning not only what I liked and did n’t like , but what I could and could n’t handle .
After a short while I was taken to another area to be laid on a table … now it was time for the paddles , floggers , and canes .
Okay , now I ’m all nervous again … and trying to remember to breathe … breathing is good .
It started with some light flogging … yummy I love the floggers …** have learned not to make such a blanket statement ** because as soon as I said that out comes this little innocent flogger .
Ouchie , but that little fucker hurts … snappy like a rubber band .. and ouchie annoying ouch .
Then came the heavy thuddy flogger that when struck hard just about knocks the wind out of you …and I just wanted more .
OMG
I was in heaven , it hurt … but in such a good way , and the hard I was hit with it the more I liked it and the faster the better I just wanted more more more .
Then WACK … holy fucking shit what the hell was that …and I met the cane .
Talk about throwing me for a loop , insta tears and omg , if you hit me with that again … I ’m gonna lose it .
At that point play stopped for a bit as I was allowed time to process the hit .
Damn but I do n’t like that toy yet .
Way too intense for me … but I was given time to relax again , and the flogging and paddling continued .
Now , I do n’t mind the paddles so much , but the little itty bitty paddles are ouchie after you have been hit in the same spot like 50 times … what starts out as not so bad becomes … okay you can move to a different spot now cause that ’s starting to hurt like hell .
Then came the introduction of the hitachi..omfg !!
Okay I love that thing .. wowza .. and
I now know that there can be too much of a good thing as once I was allowed to cum , mmm , I was n’t allowed to stop … for a long time .
* shakes head in disbelief *
Never thought I would ask to be allowed NOT to cum , but …sure enough I found myself saying the words .
With the intensity of the day before the next day was not nearly as much , but it was by far my favorite day .
I got to be a practice dolly for some flogging fun .
It was wonderful .
And again the harder and faster I was hit , the more intense it was and the more intense that more I loved it .
As it was harder and faster the further I would start drifting and flying and it was a sensation that I just do n’t have words for .
It would build and build until I almost could n’t stand it .. and then out came the rabbit fur and boobies * smiles * .
And there came the longing for more , harder faster …more more more .
Now that it ’s been a few weeks since then there is this aching need to do it all again .
A DEEP aching need .
I want to see how far I can go this time .. i want to push and be pushed over that edge .
This has opened up a whole new world for me and it ’s almost like starting at the very beginning .
I ’m so excited to see where this path will take me now .
What things that I say I ca n’t do …will I be able to do in the future .
That ’s one wonderful thing about this lifestyle , is that there is always something to grow into and out of , deeper levels as growth and confidence start to come more into play .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia will work on a new generation of atomic weapons to strengthen its nuclear deterrent , President Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday , just hours after Moscow test - fired one of its most feared missiles .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev gestures during the end - of - year television interview in Moscow , December 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ria Novosti/ Kremlin / Dmitry Astakhov
Medvedev said that Russia and the United States were close to a landmark deal on cutting arsenals of Cold War nuclear weapons , but that Moscow would still push ahead with the development of new strategic offensive weapons .
“ Of course , we will develop new systems , including delivery systems , that is , missiles , ” Medvedev told the directors of Russia ’s three main state - controlled television channels .
Medvedev said Washington and Moscow had agreed most of the remaining issues for a deal to replace the 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ( START I ) , which led to the biggest reduction in nuclear weapons in history .
“ Despite the fact that we will prepare and sign this treaty , we will nevertheless develop our strategic offensive forces because without this there is no way to defend our country , ” Medvedev said , several hours after the armed forces test - fired a nuclear capable missile .
The new missiles would be developed in full accordance with arms agreements made with the United States , he said .
The Kremlin chief said U.S. President Barack Obama ’s idea for a nuclear - free world was “ beautiful and right ” but cautioned that it would take time .
“ SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP ”
The Kremlin chief said he had a “ special relationship ” with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who many Russians believe is still the country ’s paramount leader , though he struck a wistful tone when asked about his role , lamenting a lack of freedom .
“ It is a simple question -- of course freedom and free time , ” said Medvedev , who in May will mark the mid-term of his presidency after nearly two years of speculation that Putin may one day return as president .
“ The life of the first person , of the top leaders , is an array of limits and the saddest thing is that you only feel them at the moment when you start this work , ” he said .
The interview , lasting 1 hour 21 minutes , contrasted sharply with Putin ’s confident 4 - hour televised question - and - answer session with the Russian people on Dec 3 , when he ruled out leaving politics and hinted he could run in 2012 presidential elections .
Putin presided over Russia ’s longest economic boom in a generation while president , although Russia was hammered by the economic crisis half a year after he left office in May 2008 .
Medvedev said the crisis had shown the vulnerability of Russia ’s economy , which he said had contracted by at least 8.7 percent in 2009 , the worst performance in 14 years .
“ The exit from the crisis will be fairly slow , ” Medvedev said , adding that growth could total 2.5 to 5.0 percent in 2010 .
“ We still have an economic system which is based on the energy market , ” he said .
“ Without modernization , our economy has no future even though it relies on huge natural riches . ”
An Apple iPhone 3GS and an Apple Macbook Pro are shown at the Apple retail store in San Francisco , California July 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Welcome to an orchestra of the 21st century .
iPhones are being used as musical instruments in a new course at an American university .
Students at the University of Michigan are learning to design , build and play instruments on their Apple Inc. smartphones , with a public performance planned for December 9 .
The university said it believed the course , called Building a Mobile Phone Ensemble , is a world first .
It is taught by Georg Essl , a computer scientist and musician who has worked on developing mobile phones and musical instruments .
Essl and his colleagues began using the microphone as a wind sensor a few years ago , which enabled iPhone apps such as the Ocarina that essentially turns the phone into an ancient flute - like wind instrument .
“ The mobile phone is a very nice platform for exploring new forms of musical performance , ” Essl said in a statement .
“ We ’re not tethered to the physics of traditional instruments .
We can do interesting , weird , unusual things .
This kind of technology is in its infancy , but it ’s a hot and growing area to use iPhones for artistic expression . ”
Essl said that to build an instrument on an iPhone , students program the device to play back information it receives from one of its multitude of sensors as sound .
“ The touch - screen , microphone , GPS , compass , wireless sensor and accelerometer can all be transformed so that when you run your finger across the display , blow air into the mic , tilt or shake the phone , for example , different sounds emanate , ” he said .
The typical Hollywood action hero skirts death for a living .
Time and again , scores of bad guys shoot at him from multiple directions but miss by a hair .
Cars explode just a fraction of a second too late for the fireball to catch him before he finds cover .
And friends come to the rescue just before a villain ’s knife slits his throat .
If any one of those things happened just a little differently , the hero would be hasta la vista , baby .
Yet even if we have not seen the movie before , something tells us that he will make it to the end in one piece .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- CIT Group Inc. , in one of the biggest corporate bankruptcies ever , filed for Chapter 11 protection in New York on Sunday .
CIT CIT , +2.72 % , a major lender to small and midsize businesses , has struggled to avoid collapse since the recession triggered billions of dollars in loan losses and the financial crisis cut the company off from its main source of financing .
" The decision to proceed with our plan of reorganization will allow CIT to continue to provide funding to our small business and middle market customers , two sectors that remain vitally important to the U.S. economy , " Chairman and CEO Jeffrey M. Peek said in a statement .
With roughly $ 60 billion in assets , CIT 's filing is probably the fourth - largest bankruptcy in U.S. history , ranking between General Motors MTLQQ and Enron .
The bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers LEHMQ , which collapsed last year , was the biggest .
CIT asked the U.S. government for a bailout earlier this year , but despite the company 's large business - lending operations , it was n't deemed too big to fail .
See story on government rejecting CIT .
That contrasts with other financial - services companies like American International Group AIG , +0.87 % , Citigroup C , +1.62 % and Bank of America BAC , +1.34 % , which have received more than $ 100 billion of government support since last year .
In October , CIT unveiled two different reorganization plans .
One involved exchanging some debt , while the other was a voluntary pre-packaged bankruptcy restructuring .
On Friday , activist investor Carl Icahn , a big CIT debt holder , said he was voting for the pre-packaged reorganization plan .
That made such a filing more likely .
See story on CIT 's agreement with Icahn .
CIT was hit hard by the global financial crisis in two main ways .
As the economy ground to a halt and unemployment surged , more of the company 's loans went bad and it reported billions of dollars in losses over multiple quarters .
More importantly , CIT was one of the largest nonbank lenders in the world , a big part of the so - called shadow banking system that collapsed when the financial crisis erupted last year .
Roughly three - quarters of CIT 's funding came from the unsecured debt market , but the company was shut out of this market as the crisis deepened .
Bank deposits , considered a more stable source of money , made up 0 % to 5 % of CIT 's funding .
CIT became a bank - holding company and got $ 2.3 billion from the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program in December .
But that did n't solve its long - term problem : how to borrow money at competitive rates so it could continue lending .
CIT applied for a debt guarantee program run by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . but was rejected .
Efforts to shift more of its assets to its banking unit , CIT Bank , have also hit hurdles .
CIT 's bankruptcy will likely mean that the Treasury Department loses the $ 2.3 billion it invested in the company -- the biggest loss from TARP so far .
Funny short video : Excessive ping pong celebration
This entry was posted on May 9 , 2018 , 7:02 pm and is filed under Funny Short Videos .
You can follow any responses to this entry through RSS 2.0 .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is currently not allowed .- Report Incorrect Source or Offensive Content ?
Scientists have found evidence that cavemen near the U.S. - Mexico border were butchering gomphotheres , elephant - like beasts from the Ice Age , that were believed to be nearly extinct in North America by the time humans appeared there .
Signs of man , Ice Age beast found together in Mexico MEXICO CITY  Scientists have found evidence that cavemen near the U.S. - Mexican border were butchering gomphotheres , elephant - like beasts from the Ice Age that had been believed to be nearly extinct in North America by the time humans appeared there .
Researchers from the University of Arizona and Mexico 's anthropology institute say they found the bones of two young gomphotheres — along with blades , a scraping tool and stone chips from making spear tips — at an 11,000 - year - old site in Mexico 's Sonora state .
The finding adds fuel to a debate over whether overhunting by humans helped drive prehistoric animals such as mastodons , North American horses and gomphotheres into extinction , said Vance Holliday , a University of Arizona archaeologist on the team .
" This is the first time we 've found gomphotheres and humans together in North America , " Holliday said .
" Maybe they killed it , maybe they scavenged it , but it 's something completely new . "
Gomphotheres are distant relatives to elephants but had wide snouts and long jaws like a crocodile .
They stood 9 feet tall .
Some varieties had four fearsome - looking tusks , though the species found in Sonora had only two .
Gomphotheres were common in North America 12 million to 2 million years ago , then began declining in number .
They survived longer in South America , and there is evidence that humans hunted them there , said Guadalupe Sánchez , an archaeologist at Mexico 's National Institute of Anthropology and History and one of the dig 's leaders .
In North America , gomphotheres were mostly gone by the time the first humans arrived , probably about 14,000 years ago .
" This is the first kill site I 've ever heard of in North America .
That 's a pretty important discovery , " said David Lambert , a gomphothere specialist at the Louisiana School of Science , Mathematics and the Arts .
Gomphotheres liked wet , coastal areas — places that probably disappeared under water when the Ice Age glaciers melted .
That makes it hard to trace gomphotheres ' contact with humans , Lambert said .
Sánchez said the bones were discovered in 2007 at the site , which was given the code name " World 's End " to protect its exact location from scavengers who might steal the fossils .
Researchers originally thought they had found mastodons , Sánchez said , but this summer , they uncovered teeth and a jaw that confirmed the animals were gomphotheres .
Radiocarbon - dating confirmed the bones are from 11,000 years ago , the same era as the encampment , Sánchez said .
The researchers presented their findings in October at the annual meeting of the Geological Society of America in Portland , Ore. Sánchez said researchers need to find more sites before knowing whether gomphotheres were widely hunted .
" I do n't think there 's enough evidence yet to show that people wiped out the animals , " Holliday said .
" It 's a raging controversy , though . "
Hawley is Latin America correspondent for USA TODAY and The Arizona Republic Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
WELLINGTON CITY
Some of those who still believe the threat of " climate change " is a reality , as they have not been advised about the thousands of leaked e-mails from the University of East Anglia ’s Climate Research Unit , that show " man-made global warming " is a scam , will be meeting on Saturday , the 5th of December at Civic Square in Wellington at 1 pm , and marching to parliament to unwittingly promote world government and global tyranny , that will be foisted upon the public via the global warming fraud .
All the well - informed people left in Wellington , are called on to be there with signs and placards to stand and challenge these ill - informed souls .
The counter protest / march starts at 12.45 pm and meets at Civic Square next to the ill - informed " climate change " advocates .
Be sure to bring some good signs and we will march with those who have been brainwashed by the mainstream media to parliament together .
Hopefully , some of them may wake up on the way .
For those who have not yet cottoned on to the fact that the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change Treaty is really about creating a communist world government , go and have a look at it for yourself .
A draft copy of this treaty , dated the 15th of September , which has already been through several negotiation rounds , can be found on the Internet .
Its ultimate purpose is readily apparent on page 18 , where it states : " The scheme for the new institutional arrangement under the Convention will be based on three basic pillars : government ; facilitative mechanism ; and financial mechanism ... ”
According to treaty expert , Lord Christopher Monckton , who worked as an advisor to Margaret Thatcher , if this dreadful treaty is signed , it will create a tyrannical one world government , which has the power to dictate to elected bodies , as well as control all free markets .
He urges people to stop the treaty in its tracks now , by contacting Members of Parliament and telling them they must not sign it .
Related :
To find the plethora of evidence that shows " climate change " is a hoax Google " Climategate . "
Lawrence Solomon : New Zealand 's Climategate
QSTs
ARRL
MOPA
SKN
SKN
EU
CW
SKN
VE
W
DESCRIPTION
MOPA
QRP
QRX
PARTS
XTAL
Well , read the entire part list below :
Name Value Description R1 9k1 1W R2 1 k 0.5W R3 100 k 0.5W R4 100 k 0.5W R5 47 k 0.5W R6 33 k 0.5W C1 0.25 Paper 200V C2 0.03 Paper 200V C3 6800 Mica 500V C4 6800 Mica 500V C5 220 Mica 500V C6 1-15 Ceramic or air - spaced trimmer C7 2x300
Twin sections in series , rotor not connected V1 6J5 , 6C5 ( GT ) Analogs 6c2c and 6c5c V2 6L6 Analog 6n3 has been used VD1 D7 Vintage germanium rectifier diode Q1 7 Mc , 3.5Mc FT - 243 ( nearly the same xUSSR rocks has been used ) L1 Choke RF Choke L2 - See below L3 - See below
Winding the coil on the non-pill bottle I placed in the separate chapter for several reasons .
ALCOCOIL ™
First of all , this bootlegger 's style in the coil - winding art has a great importance for the Depression - era MOPA builders .
With little spare cash Novice HAMs had to use some unusual parts ( such as father 's bottles or mom's hair rollers ) for the coil winding .
On the other hand , there was much more dry bottles than hair rollers everywhere , on any attic because the Eighteenth Amendment .
CONSTRUCTION
The SKN MOPA transmitter has been mounted on a dry varnished beech board 5 1/2 in . x 11 in .
The arrangement of the various parts is shown on the following photographs .
The keying circuit completely mounted on the small Bakelite board , bias resistors R5 and R6 soldered between this board ant tube sockets .
As I mentioned before and as shown on the photograph below , rotor of the plate capacitor not connected at all - only stator blades has been soldered .
One stator soldered to the tube 's plate and the end of the coil winding , second one soldered to the another end of the coil and neutralizing condenser C6 .
MOPA
OPERATION
XTAL
CallSign UTC Sent Rcvd Comments SV1DPI 01.26 599 599 Kostas UA9MBR 01.30 599 579 Sergey , Omsk UA4IW 01.39 599 599 Vasiliy , Samara UR5THM 01.58 599 599 Sergey SM5BVF 02.28 589 579 Henry , nr. Stockholm UA4LF 03.30 579 559 Vladimir , Ulyanovsk , Homebrew DL4VM / QRP 03.50 589 589 Tom , Saar , 5W DK1KH 03.53 599 599 Klaus , Munich SV1DOI 04.02 589 559 Sotos , Piraeus UA3CS 04.09 599 599 Sergey , Pushkino UK8IZ 04.29 599 599 Yury , Samarkand OK1US 04.57 599 599 Jiri , Budijovice , Straight Key DL1NKS 05.05 589 599 Stefan , nr. Frankfurt F9KP 06.00 599 599 Paul , Ply
SKCC
ATTENTION !
These simple rules ( TNX to Steve WD8DAS ) can help
You stay alive :
Lay out the circuit so live conductors do not extend beyond the edge of the breadboard .
Use insulated wire and spaghetti tubing to minimize points with exposed voltage .
Do n't work on the equipment when tired or angry .
Turn off the power supply EVERY time a circuit change is needed .
Turn off and unplug the power supply if the equipment is to be left unattended .
Keep children , pets , Section Managers , and other simple folk clear of the energized rig .
When testing and adjusting the operating transmitter keep one hand in a pocket .
NEVER TOUCH C7 IN TIME OF TUNING ! -
It is stunning in place of tuning !
After reading a lot of ancientand Jones Handbooks plus e-mail conversations with my friend , Louis VE3AWA about American depression - era style rig design , I decided to build a classic breadboard transmitter in time for Straight Key Night .
Well , breadboardseemed like a very interesting idea , it was absolutely unusual for me - I never used wooden chassis ( breadboard ) without any metal shielding before .
Second problem - I 'd started this project too late , for only one week before the To my surprise , I got my firefly finished and fired - up during Straight Key Night !
Without any success - there was noparticipants over here .
But what done is done and I was so glad to hear many " loud and clear " signal reports and heartwarming words fromstations .
Maybe nextandstations will make a sked to work UU1CC .
The complete circuit diagram is shown below .
It is nothing special - choke loaded triode crystal oscillator and neutralised power amplifier .
The antenna tuning circuit is arranged for the low - impedance loading such as Marconi antenna or coaxial ( twisted line ) feeding dipole .
Slightly less common point of this design is a bias step - by - step keying circuit from the old Soviet handbook .
Yes , i assume that such solution ( especially germanium diode usage ) is not so " stylish " for the golden - era wooden , but signal quality has a vital importance in my case - i planned to try thisbaby with the powerful tube amplifier on the our local club station sometime .
So , how does this keying method work and why I chose one as a best signal improvement ? , I 'm trying to translate the handbook article ... Lets go : " The differential keying circuit is shown on blah - blah ...
At the moment of the key pressing capacitor C1 ( 0.25 uF ) quickly discharging through diode VD1 and resistor R2 ( 1k ) , thenceforth crystal oscillator starts to oscillate .
Hereafter capacitor C2 ( 0.03 uF ) slowly discharging via the R3 ( 100k ) and amplifier stage opens .
Then , when the key unpressed , capacitor C2 ( 0.03 uF ) charging through the same resistor ( 100k ) , but C1 ( 0.25 uF , much more than C2 ) - via high resistance of the R4 ( 100k ) .
That is why oscillator starts before and stops after the amplifier " .
Is it clear ?
I 'm not quite sure - too complex for understanding even without my terrific translation .
Making long story short , this magic circuit provide same start - stop timings for the amplifier , but different ones for the oscillator .
As a result - no chirps , no clicks on the air and very smooth keying .
I 've used a common vintage parts from the 1940s up to the 1955 , in particular resistors , paper and mica condensers , vacuum tubes .
These tubes are Soviet analogs of the same RCA ones - native 6L6 has been replaced with the 6n3 tube from the 1942 ( can be replaced with the more " contemporary " types such as 6n3 c , 6n3 c - EB etc. ) , in the triode oscillator stage i used 6c2c ( analog of the 6J5 - GT , best choice ) and my lovely beauty 6c5 c ( analog of the 6C5 - GT , pretty tube , but has slightly less output ) .
Just for fun - I played with the Magic Eye Tube in the oscillator circuit - so pretty outlook , but very low level of the oscillation .
As aI used a bunch of an ancient Soviet rocks from the aircraft - mobile military VHF radio called " RSIU " - these crystals has been used in that station for the fast frequency switching .
Saying strictly , I used only 7 Mc native RSIU rocks , for the 3.5 Mc band I made replacements using RSIU " brown tubes " ( c ) VE3AWA terminology ) and penned tiny modern crystals .
In the keying circuit I used vintage germanium diode D7 - such diodes has been used in the rectifiers of the old Soviet radios and TV - sets in the early 1950s .
There are many types of diodes can be used in this circuit - from the modern silicon rectifier - type diodes up to the ancient selenium plates .
Second reason is obvious : I like the Madeira wine - it's not my main hobby , but I like it , thrust me .
Who does not love wine , wife and song , will be a fool for his lifelong !
I would like to add the Morse code to this great assertion , but rhyme becomes really ugly .
And at very last : " Putting the fire back in firebottles " - this is our slogan , is n't it ?
But who said that Madeira bottle can't become a Firebottle once upon a time ?
Souvenir wine bottle 1 7/16 inch. diameter has been used as a coil form .
The ends of winding ( including center tap ) tied using a thin strip of cardboard as shown on the animated image .
It is common solution for winding on slippery surfaces , such method ensures strong fixation without drilling holes .
For 80 meter operation the coil has 32 turns close - wound enameled wire , winding space occupies 7/8 inch. long .
Same coil should be tuned to 40 meter using variable capacitor C7 - I successfully did it before , but I plan to make another ( less inductive ) coil for the 80 - 30 meter coverage in the nearest future .
Antenna coil wound over center part of the plate coil and has 2 turns of strong enameled wire .
A wooden cylinders was screwed at the corners on the underside of the baseboard , so as to elevate it from the table top to permit mounting the bypass capacitors C3 and C4 ( 6800 ) .
The various montage wires has been placed also under the board .
I have a small amount of the rubber cotton covered varnished wires ( remained from the military surplus antenna ) , so I 'd used these good - looking wires in the myfor more " ancient " outlook .
What can I say ?
It is really " plug 'n ' play " device - just plugging theand come on .
Measured power was 17 watts on 80 meter band , slightly less ( 14 watts ) on the 40 m .
Power output depends on crystal activity and triode used in the oscillator - when I played with The Magic Eye Tube , I got 5 watts on the 80 m band at all .
During the Straight Key Night 1 January 2008
I fired up this transmitter at the 40 m band using the Long Wire antenna 270 feet long , but 25 high only .
Here is my New Year roster below :
As I said before , I use several rocks on the 80 , 40 and 30 meter bands .
Here they are : 3512 , 3561.5 , 7010 , 7032 , 7051 , 7055 , 10122.2 kc .
My preferable frequencies are 7051 kc and 10122.2 kc , near thefrequency 7054.5 I use my 100W tube amplifier .
Check these points time to time and who knows ?
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Time can be measured many ways but through a pure financial lens , the last ten years have been nothing short of remarkable .
We witnessed technology stocks that rocketed to the moon crash back to earth .
We watched bipolar disorder come full circle in real estate ; a manic craze followed by the depression phase .
China seemingly held the key to world prosperity before the devil of deflation brought the other side of globalization to bear .
Crude was viewed as a new paradigm until we discovered the difference between hiding spots and safe - havens .
And credit , the mother of all bubbles with total debt - to - GDP stretched towards 400 % , reached the zenith of its elasticity and unwound with furious vengeance until the government saved the day and mortgaged our future .
It was the best of times and the worst of times , with moments of moderation sprinkled in for good measure .
History will describe this decade as a stretch when most folks followed the pied piper of immediate gratification , losing sight of what truly mattered and why .
That 's not to say everyone transgressed but few emerged unscathed once the Age of Austerity arrived .
Read " The age of austerity . "
Sisyphus now !
While the aforementioned bubbles hit home for many Americans , they 're hardly unprecedented through a historical lens .
There was the tulip mania in 17th century Holland as Dutch collectors hoarded a hierarchy of flowers .
The Mississippi and South Sea bubbles of the 18th century emerged in the wake of Europe 's dire economic condition .
The roaring twenties , fueled by an expansive use of leverage , led to the crash and Great Depression , not necessarily in that order .
And there 's Japan , perhaps the most frequently referenced modern - day parallel of our current course .
The land of the rising sun boasted one of the strongest economies on the planet before a prolonged period of deregulation , money supply growth , low interest rates , bad real estate bets and " zaitech " ( financial engineering ) created a virtuous cycle of speculative frenzy that collapsed the country under its own weight .
Does any of this strike a chord ?
If familiarity breeds contempt , the percolating societal acrimony should n't come as a shocker .
Albert Einstein once said the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result .
That most certainly applies to our financial fate but as with most journeys , the destination we at arrive pales in comparison to the path we take to get there .
Read " What in the world is going on ? "
Our Federal Reserve chairman is a student of history and well versed on the passion and plight of financial excess .
We 've witnessed extraordinary stimuli intended to shift the natural course of the business cycle , one that long ago lost its way .
While policymakers conceivably saved the system , the resulting imbalances , cumulative still , pose a fresh set of issues for the socioeconomic spectrum .
I 've repeatedly offered that the financial crisis has n't disappeared ; it simply changed shape .
It , for lack of a better analogy , has gone airborne , migrating from the tangible to the amorphous , from Wall Street to Main Street , from a distant coexistence to an emerging class war .
It , like most viruses , will arrive in waves and infect those who have n't been inoculated with a steady stream of financial consciousness .
Gauge your internal reaction to every opinion you rear or hear , multiply it by millions and you 'll begin to imagine the enormity of the shifting social mood .
While the stock market rally reflects renewed optimism that can conceivably continue , the chasm between perception and reality is widening .
While the tape can run , we , the people , are running out of places to hide .
That 's not to say we should lose hope , quite the contrary .
The greatest opportunities are born from the most profound obstacles and this will again prove true .
The trick to the trade and a pathway to prosperity wo n't be found by those wallowing in the " why , " however ; they 'll be conceived by those proactively positioned , readily prepared and steadfastly aware of what lays in wait .
The leaders coming out of a crisis are rarely the same as those that entered it and the ability to add capacity into a downturn will define the winners on the other side .
We must reward those who saved , incent those who are motivated and punish those who transgressed .
Until there is culpability for wayward decisions , there wo n't be motivation to change behavior and rebuild society from the inside out .
Therein lies the rub of our current course .
Innovation and entrepreneurialism are an integral part of the solution but many of those in a position to effect positive change do n't have access capital .
While credit worthy borrowers may be a rare breed -- and lowering those standards were the root of the problem -- the obligations of many have muted the aspirations of most .
The here and now
Over the last 10 years , stateside equity returns were underwhelming at best and abysmal at worst , if the U.S. dollar is factored into the equation .
While there is legitimate risk of yet another lost decade -- or at least , from my perch , five more challenging years -- several dynamics warrant respect as we cast our eyes on the road ahead .
The corporate bond market , which signaled the collapse in equities , is forecasting higher prices still .
The sheer magnitude of injected liquidity has potentially pushed risk further out on the time continuum and propped open the window of opportunity .
Enjoy it while it lasts and take it for what it is as performance anxiety percolates and investors reach for return .
Shorter - term , the recent sideway slither worked off the overbought condition as a function of time rather than price .
S&P SPX , +0.82 % 1120 -- the downtrend from the 2007 highs and a 50 % retracement of the entire decline -- looms large but the bulls may have stored the necessary energy to trigger a fresh round of short covering .
Should we mount that technical hump , S&P 1200 - 1250 will emerge as a viable target .
While it 's difficult to gauge the next downside catalyst -- sovereign debt and insolvent states come to mind -- institutions have the carry trade on in size , short the dollar and long asset classes against it .
When the greenback gets its groove back , financial assets across the board will most likely face stiff headwinds .
Read " Pick a side : hyperinflation or deflation ? "
Price is the arbiter of our financial fate and time will serve as the jury .
When the dust settles , we 'll find that we 've masked the symptoms rather than cured the underlying disease .
There is untenable debt around the world and a cacophony of derivatives tying it together .
Keep that in mind the next time you hear about seemingly opaque issues in faraway lands such as Eastern Europe , Dubai and South America .
If we do n't learn from the past , we 're destined to repeat it .
That 's important to remember , particularly if we hope to avoid the insanity that got us here to begin with .
SALT LAKE CITY — A " red " air - quality alert has been issued by the state Department of Environmental Quality , accompanied by a health advisory for Salt Lake and Davis counties .
As pollution continues to linger in the valleys , a " yellow " alert also remains in effect for Weber and Utah counties .
The cold weather has helped to trap fine pollutants in Cache County , where the Bear River District Health Department has also issued a red alert .
Under such conditions , sensitive people — those with respiratory disease , heart disease and the elderly and children — should avoid prolonged or heavy exertion outdoors .
Residents are being asked to drive as little as possible during red and yellow days because cars contribute significantly to the area 's air pollution .
Wood burning is also prohibited on red days and discouraged when yellow conditions exist .
More information on actions that can be taken to reduce pollution is available on the " Choose Clean Air " Web site at www.cleanair.utah.gov.
It 's anticipated that a storm moving into western and southern Utah late Monday night will clear the air and bring snow , with accumulations of as much as 10 inches or more along the I - 15 corridor from Salt Lake City to Cedar City .
The National Weather Service in Salt Lake City issued a " winter storm watch " and predicts significant snow late Monday through Wednesday evening .
— Amy Joi O'Donoghue
Icarus Landing loves dining out in fine restaurants .
Most of the time , the experience is good , although the quality of waitering is a little unpredictable – sometimes too rushed , sometimes too slow , sometimes too attentive , sometimes too inattentive – you probably know what we ’re talking about .
So , we ’ve developed this Fun-Filled Career Guide to Restaurant Waitering !
Do n’t be one of those boring , stuffy waiters any longer – be a Fun Waiter !
Join the revolution now !
This is an Icarus Landing exclusive !
1 . Do n’t be one of those unoriginal waiters who greets everyone with a dull , simple “ Good evening ” or “ Good afternoon . ”
[ Hint : Boring ! ]
Be original and creative !
Invent a phrase of macaronic words [ mixing foreign languages ] first , before your actual greeting .
For example : Guests enter the restaurant .
You : “ Ah , je suis dictum ben penoya pon frair and good evening ! ” Translation :
There is n’t one .
It ’s utterly nonsensical .
But it sounds suave , sophisticated , even sexy , and it really impresses people !
After that , just watch your tips go up up up !
2 . When a party of three enters the restaurant and you just know they ’re artsy , literary types , and they want to be seated while they wait for their fourth to arrive , do n’t just take them to their table [ Hint : Boring ! ]
Refuse !
And shout out something when you do , like , “ J’accuse ! ! ! ”
Then walk away .
They ’ll think you so entertainingly sophisticated , so divinely avant - garde , they ’ll give you an appropriately cosmopolitan [ read : large ] tip because they ’ll feel compelled by their inner pretentiousness to do so !
[ especially if they ’re Emile Zola fans ]
3 . If a table is not ready within a reasonable length of time , do n’t just offer a free drink or hors d’ouevre [ Hint : Boring ! ] .
Say , specifically , “ Would you like a free amuse - bouche ? ”
And when they agree , do this : Laugh out loud suddenly and yell “ Bouche ! ” at the top of your lungs .
Then say , “ See ?
Get it ?
Amuse bouche .
Ha - ha - ha bouche ! ”
Your guests will kill themselves laughing !
Then watch those tips go up up up !
4 . When it comes to bringing water to the table , do this : “ Bottled water or– ” then make a face and a sound effect , like , ewww - yuck , “ tap water ? ”
They ’ll love the animation and choose the bottled water every time , which is great because your restaurant charges $ 4 per bottle [ as opposed to zero for tap ] , which then skyrockets their bill and , best of all , your gratuity , which goes up up up !
[ NOTE :
We call this ‘ Tip Ka-Ching ’ ]
5 . If your guests are not yet ready to order , do n’t just walk away [ Hint : Boring ! ] .
Wait there !
Dip your fingers in their water glasses and circle the rims of their glasses !
Musical sound emanates !!!
They ’ll love this !
And what they ’ll love even more ?
Sing along !!!
Opera arias are good , or cowboy songs .
Whatever !
Then watch those tips go up up up !
[ especially if you can sing ]
6 . Boring waiters say nothing at all when guests are ordering off the menu .
Fun Waiters do !
Try the Olympic Judging Game :
When a guest orders , yell out “ Eight ! ” Guests will warm to this , trust me !
Next guest orders , yell out , “ Nine ! ” .
They ’ll get the idea , and they ’ll get excited !
With a really fun group , try the Old Soviet - Communist Bloc Variation :
When another guest orders the exact same thing , yell out “ Five ! ” Your table will be laughing their heads off , and you know what that means – Tip Ka-Ching !
7 . Bland waiters never ‘ hustle ’ menu items .
For Fun Waiters , everything is a different [ and better ] story !
Arrange with the restaurant owners in advance to pay you a 10 % commission on any menu item or ingredient they ’ve overstocked and need to move .
Encourage guests that is the best thing on the menu , that it ’s the Chef ’s Specialty !
Become an Ingredient Pimp !
Remember , Fun Waiters are Smart Waiters !
Your wallet will be glad you did !
8. Waiters are often told to never touch a customer [ Hint : Boring ! ] .
When you talk to your guests , put your hand gently on their shoulders and rub a little .
It ’s warm and friendly .
If they look a little stressed , put your receipt book down and get in there and rub their neck and shoulders !
If they look a little dusty , dust them off !
If they ’re a little wet , wipe them off !
If they ’re sweating , dab them off !
This kind of extra personal attention means everything to modern restaurant goers .
You ’ll see .
Do it !
Then watch those tips go up up up !
9 . This restaurant game will always result in bigger tips for you .
It ’s called ‘ Chef the Twin ’ .
If your guest is having trouble making a decision , offer to bring out the head chef , which will impress your guests immensely .
Then , go into the kitchen , put on a chef ’s jacket and chef ’s hat , and return to the table speaking bits and pieces of another language with a thick accent .
“ Bonjour , comme - ca - va ?
Mes oui , you should have les escargots , for sure !
Merci ! ”
If someone asks , “ Hey , are n’t you the same guy who is waiting on us ? ” , just say , “ That is my , how do you say , twin !
We are both working here cette nuit to help our poor mere who is sick in l’hopitale , non ? ”
Makes a fabulous impression and with the sympathy factor thrown in , translation : big money !
10 . Guests just love laughing in a restaurant .
If one of your female guests is dressed a little tartily , lean over with a smirk and say something like , “ Would you care for a WHORE d’ouevre , madame ? ”
Your guests will laugh so hard they will pee their pants !
And you know what all that pee means – Tip Ka-Ching !
11 . Do n’t be one of those prim and proper waiters who only addresses guests as Sir , Ma’am , or Miss [ Hint : Boring ! ] .
Every night , choose one of your male guests at random and , every time you pass near his table , point and yell at the top of your lungs , “ Dude ! ! ! ”
They ’ll love it !
To paraphrase Napoleon the Pig in Animal Farm , All Guests Are Created Equal , But Some Are More Equal Than Others .
Because those who are More Equal will tip you much , much better than those who are Less Equal !
12 . Subtlety pays .
When one of your guests orders a cheaper item from the menu , do n’t look disapprovingly at him or her .
Hem and haw but just a little .
Say “ Hmmm … ” .
Then move on to the next guest .
When they order a more expensive item , praise them to the heavens .
“ Excellent choice !
Oh , fantastic !
You ’ll love it ! ”
Then return to the previous guest with a tincture of sympathy in your voice : “ Are you really sure you would n’t rather change your mind , now ?
I think you ’ll be glad you did … ”
Almost always , they do and order the more expensive thing .
Never give up !
13 .
Do n’t be one of those jerk waiters who wo n’t serve anything out of the kitchen that looks creepy or runny or just wrong [ Hint : Boring ! ] .
Serve it !
Serve it all !
Say to your guests , “ Personally , I would n’t feed this crap to a sewer rodent .
If I were you , I ’d bitch to the manager .
He ’ll totally comp you for this , trust me . ”
Your guests will love you for it !!!
And you know what that means – watch those tips go up up up !
14 . Dull waiters watch their guests like silent sentries , respect their privacy , and never interrupt their conversations for any reason [ Hint : Boring ! ] .
Fun Waiters eavesdrop constantly , then ‘ drop in ’ unexpectedly and tell each table what the other is saying , whispering like this :
“ The woman in the blue dress at Table 8 over there had a breast enlargement last month . ”
Guests love this , especially when it ’s full of salacious details !
Try the Hello Dolly Variation :
When you have single tables , tell each that the other has inquired about them [ whether they have or not ] .
Who knows !
When it works , they shower you with tips , become regulars , and shower you with more tips !
Plus you get wedding invitations , Christmas gifts , the works !
Even a one in five ratio improves your quality of life and quantity of income immeasurably !
15 .
If invited by your guests to join them in an alcoholic beverage , do it !!!
Do n’t be one of those stick - in - the - mud waiters who says , “ Not when I ’m on duty . ” [ Hint : Boring ! ]
Duty - shmuty !
What are they , brain surgeons or something ???
Jeez Louise , come on !
Your guests love inebriated waiters , especially when you become funny when drunk !
Drink up !
You know what it means , right ?
Watch those tips go up up up !
16 . Do n’t be one of those uptight , Calvinist waiters who never curses , no matter what [ Hint : Boring ! ] .
Size up your guests first – if you feel they ’re hip and with it , lighten it up a bit .
Do n’t just say , “ The foie gras is perhaps an indelicate choice , ma’am . ”
Instead , say something like , “ Foie gras ?
Now that is some fucked up shit , man ! ”
Hip guests love that shit !
Watch those tips go up up up !
17 .
Do n’t be one of those buttoned - up waiters who never talks to guests about others [ Hint : Boring ! ] .
Get real !
People love gossip , and restaurant goers are people , too !
So , when you are with your guests , do something like , point to a fellow waitress and say , “ You guys see her ?
She ’s banging the sous chef ! ”
Your guests will think it ’s absolutely hysterical , and will reward you with 25 % and 30 % gratuities minimum , guaranteed !
18 . Remember that you are not there just to serve , you are there to educate !
Bring judgment with the ketchup !
Bring sass with A - 1 sauce .
I mean , come on !
Ketchup ???
HP Sauce ???
Sheesh !
19 . A Fun Waiter understands that restaurant diners , like sex partners , come in two types : Dominators / Dominatrices and Supplicants / Submissives .
Be respectful and treat them appropriately !
When you bring out the pepper mill to a Dominator / Dominatrix , hand it to him or her to use themselves and then ask if they would like to spank you with it .
If they would , turn around and bend over helpfully .
When you bring the pepper mill to a Supplicant / Submissive , refuse to use it until they beg you for it .
Order them to say please !
Yell !
Order them to say pretty please !
Both types will pleasure your wallet handsomely once suitably satisfied , believe me !
20 . Remember : Never ever blame yourself for anything that goes wrong .
A restaurant is like a mini city – there are lots and lots of people working there you can blame for everything !
The Executive Chef , the sous chefs , the chef de partie , busboys , the hostesses , the dishwashers – the list is practically endless !
Repeat this over and over to yourself :
It ’s their fault !
Your tip pocket will thank you later !
21 . A clumsy though thoughtful waiter who drips or spills something on his or her guests will clean it up or offer to pay for professional cleaning or whatever .
This is just stupid .
The correct thing to do if you drip or spill something on a guest is nothing .
If they notice it , tell them you saw them do it earlier but were too polite to say anything , then offer to pay for their dry cleaning anyway .
They ’ll feel so bad , and yet be so grateful and impressed with you that they ’ll double or triple your tip .
Believe me , this works !
22 . Subliminal messaging works !
As you walk through the restaurant , whisper regularly and just loud enough so it catches your guests ’ ears .
Here are some suggestions : “ Twenty percent tip . ”
Figure out the most expensive item on the menu and whisper it : “ Kobe beefsteak . ”
Up - sell constantly : “ Irish coffee . ”
This technique works , believe me !
23 .
Always remember : allergies are a serious matter ; peanut oil can kill your guests .
When this happens , it is not gauche to remind the surviving guest [s ] that this was strictly the chef ’s fault , and should in no way affect the amount of your tip .
24 .
Here ’s another great , money - making point further to providing laughter in the restaurant : if there ’s silverware missing from the service and someone asks you , say , “ Could I get a dessert fork , please ? ”
Always reply with , “ New or used ? ” Your guests will kill themselves laughing , and you will become very , very rich in quality , highest - money tips in no time !
25 .
If someone complains about the music in the restaurant , remember the Cardinal Rule : you are not there just to serve , you are there to educate !
Bring judgment to their requests !
“ Do you have any Michael Buble ? ” should be met with incredulity and approbation !
“ Are you kidding me ???
Seriously , are you ??? ”
Then turn to the entire restaurant and ask everyone , loudly , “ She wants Michael Buble ???
Why not just request AM Radio , for Chrissakes , right ??? ”
People will agree with you vocally .
“ With lots of commercials ! ” People will get louder .
“ People who come here request Bach ! ”
They will agree enthusiastically .
“ They request Mozart ! ”
They ’ll cheer a bit .
“ Beethoven ! ”
They ’ll howl in approval .
“ People who come here do not go to Ferrari dealers and ask if they have any Yaris trade - ins on their used lots ! ”
People will laugh and roar at this one .
“ People who come here know their Pythagorean tuning and their pot - au - feu , am I right ? ”
They ’ll all shout out , “ Hell yes ! ! ! ”
People who come here know that Velveeta is n’t beurre blanc , and Michael Buble is n’t music , right ? ”
They ’ll shout out , “ Yeah !! ! ”
Now , your guests may not leave you much of a tip after that diatribe and embarrassment , but everybody else will !
Remember this tip about tips , which we call our Number One Tips Tip :
Many bigger tips make you more money than one little tip !
26 . Do n’t just quietly remove a plate full of food remaining on your guests ’ table [ we call this ‘ The Plate Full of Food Remaining on Your Guests ’ Table Conundrum ’ ] .
Do this instead : Call loudly for the manager to come over .
When he or she does , pick up the plate and with obvious repugnance say , “ This is disgusting !!!
A rotting , stinking , dead road kill carcass would complain about having to eat this !
What the hell is going on here ??? ”
When the manager scurries off with his or her tail between his or her legs , say to your guests , “ He ’ll totally comp you for this , trust me . ”
Your guests will love you for it !!!
And you know what that means – watch those tips go up up up !
27 .
Most polite but totally spineless waiters will not say anything after a bad or insufficient tip .
Screw that !
Restaurant owners do n’t care about your tip , not really – they have their markup built into the bill .
Take the bull by the barbequed hindquarters and spin it around , as we say in the restaurant biz .
Hold their tip money in the air , high above your head and say , “ Look at this !
After all I did for you ???
I ’m shocked !
I ’m horrified ! ”
If they walk away , follow , and have memorized some more really good adjectives .
“ I ’m stunned !
I ’m stupefied !
I ’m dumbfounded !
I ’m hurt !
I ’m deeply hurt !
I ’m wounded !
I ’m lachrymose intolerant !
I ’m psychologically damaged !
I ’m electro - convulsive therapy candidated !
I ’m reduced and diminished !
I ’m wizened like a winter corn husk in a prairie snowstorm !
I ’m heart shrivelled !
I ’m melting ! ”
If you can cry , do it now !
[ In the restaurant biz , we call this ‘ Squirting ’ ]
Then continue the diatribe : “ I ’m mad as hell and not going to take it anymore !
I ’m morally and ethically outraged on every fibrous and non-fibrous level !
I ’m insulted pan-and - trans - dimensionally !
I ’m – …
Trust me .
They ’ll get it .
They ’ll pay more .
They always do .
And when they do , say “ That ’s it ???
That ’s all ???
You ’re fucking kidding me , right ???
I ’m woven into a basket of despair !
I ’m– “ … etc.
Never forget the Tip Ka-Ching !
Enjoy your rich and rewarding career as a Restaurant Fun Waiter !
The number of UK homes standing empty has hit one million , the highest ever level , a charity has revealed .
The Empty Homes Agency reported that more than one in 20 properties have been unoccupied for six months or more , a figure described as " shocking " by homelessness charities .
" More money needs to be made available to give local authorities the manpower to make contact with the owners of empty properties to start getting these homes back into use , " said Kay Boycott , Shelter 's director of policy and campaigns .
" Bringing empty homes back into use is only part of the solution to Britain 's housing problems .
There is no substitute for the Government building the urgently needed new affordable housing that the country needs , " she added .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Ms Boycott highlighted the difference between long - and short - term empty homes , adding that there are around 300,000 long - term empty homes .
" Local authorities have the legal powers to bring long - term empty homes back into use , but do n't have the resources to enforce these powers , " she said .
The North - west and South - east of England as well as Yorkshire , Scotland and Northern Ireland are the worst - affected areas , and some local authorities have started schemes to rent out properties to people on their social housing waiting lists .
Exeter council is trying to attract landlords to let their homes out for at least five years to some of the 6,000 people currently on its list .
It is offering to provide maintenance , among other services , in return for a small management fee .
The landlord is also guaranteed a rent income .
The Empty Homes Agency collected data from councils and land registries and other charities to produce the figure , which excludes holiday homes .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Five senior executives at American International Group told the insurer last week they may quit if their compensation was cut significantly by the U.S. pay czar , the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday .
The five senior AIG executives indicated on December 1 , in written notices , that they were prepared to leave by year - end , the paper report , citing unnamed sources .
Two of them changed their minds over the weekend , the paper added .
AIG , which was propped up by the government with some $ 180 billion in taxpayer funds , has been sparring with the Obama administration ’s pay czar , Kenneth Feinberg , over executive compensation .
Even Chief Executive Robert Benmosche reportedly threatened to quit last month , in part because he did not have discretion over pay packages for top executives .
Feinberg has cut average compensation for the 25 best - paid employees at companies that received multiple bailouts and is setting guidelines for pay for the next 75 .
For AIG in particular , Feinberg has vowed to limit bonuses at the company ’s financial products unit , whose massive payouts earlier this year sparked huge outrage .
AIG could not be reached immediately late on Sunday .
( Editing by Lincoln Feast )
Affu salamu bainakum , spread the salam among you ...
Sometime just a small word can bring the heart together .
Members of all branches of the United States Military will soon be facing a most critical decision .
A report emerged that Obama is using the deployment of additional troops to Afghanistan to cover for the movement of some 200,000 troops , presently on duty in countries other than Iraq and Afghanistan , to USNORTHCOM to prepare for the " expected outbreak of Civil War within the United States before the end of winter . "
It would appear those who call themselves " public servants " believe the people they supposedly serve have become dissatisfied with their job performance and will resort to some form of civil disobedience , which will necessitate military intervention .
According to the article , Obama believes the reason for this civil unrest to be an expected " implosion " of this country ’s financial systems .
Should these events occur , members of the military would be forced to decide whether they would support their government , which gave hundreds of billions to government cronies in the financial sector , or their country .
A prudent man would speculate if the government so fears coming civil unrest , will they move to seize firearms throughout the country and use these military forces along with law enforcement to do so ?
I believe the answer can be found in the events surrounding the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
Government forces there not only seized firearms from private citizens but also relocated many citizens against their will .
Millions of Americans have prayed for the safety of the military as they fight the government ’s wars all over the planet .
Many believe the military to be defending the country from enemies that would take our weapons and our freedoms .
What will their actions be when the US military becomes that enemy ?
Will the military willingly participate in such acts ?
Such are questions the future holds .
Armed America : The Rem ... Cramer , Clayton E. Best Price : $ 6.00 Buy New $ 10.67 ( as of 04:45 EST - Details )
The government has spent decades defining those who oppose its unlawful exploits as enemies of the state .
Those who can or will not differentiate between the government and the country have fallen hook , line and sinker for this demonization of those who demand the government operate within the constraints of the Constitution and moral law .
Most of those who blindly support the illegal actions of the government have been bought and paid for with the taxes of those who actually produce something .
Unfortunately , primary among those bought - and - paid - for entities are law enforcement and the military .
Both political parties have conducted this demonization of true Patriots .
While the democrats have been traditionally anti-gun and liberty , the republicans bought into the program with the fascist Patriot Act and the illegal , unconstitutional War on Terror .
The two dominant political parties in this country are two wings of the same vulture : blatant in - your - face socialism .
There are no answers to our problems to be found in either political party .
Patriots : A Novel of S... Rawles , James Wesley Best Price : $ 1.10 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 03:05 EST - Details )
Many on the right have bought into the ideas expressed by leaders of the military that all who oppose the state and its illegal agenda should be treated no differently than the " insurgents " the military has been facing in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Nowhere is that better illustrated than here where a law enforcement publication is advocating military tactics promoted by General David Petraeus be used against those whom the state defines as its enemies .
While the article in Guns and Weapons for Law Enforcement speaks specifically of gangs and drug activity , do n’t forget the Department of Homeland Security has defined millions of patriotic Americans and veterans as possible domestic terrorists in its report sent to LE agencies on April 7th of 2009 .
If you wonder if you fit the definition of possible domestic terrorist , you should check here .
If the report is correct and Obama is moving to strengthen USNORTHCOM with anywhere near the numbers mentioned , indicates the fedgov fears its own citizens much more than it fears al Qaeda .
Either the government is anticipating a total financial breakdown , there are plans to confiscate firearms , a new false flag event is in the works , or any combination of the three .
Either way , they plan on this event occurring before spring of 2010 .
On the minds of many Americans and politicians is exactly how will the military and law enforcement react if told to confiscate firearms or move American citizens to FEMA camps .
Armed Response : A Comp ... David Kenik Best Price : $ 1.23 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:40 EST - Details )
Consideration must be given to the militarization of law enforcement entities in this country over the past few decades and our gradual decline into a police state , thanks to the bogus War on Terror .
That being said , some police blogs such as this one indicate not all law enforcement personnel are on board with these illegal and corrupt practices .
When considering possible actions of military personnel one must be aware of the felons and gang members who became part of the military when recruiters were falling short of their goals .
Nothing could be better for a felon or a gang - banger than to actually be ordered to commit crimes with impunity .
At some point in time , any true American serving in the military will be forced to ask themselves exactly what and whom they are defending and exactly what became of the " home of the free ? "
What will be the reaction of the soldier from Colorado who is confiscating guns and placing so - called domestic terrorists in detention camps in Ohio when he gets word other soldiers are doing the same to his family and friends back home ?
Who will soldiers and law enforcement officers side with when push comes to shove : the government who has given over a trillion dollars to their cronies in the financial industry , failed to provide their brother / sister veterans competent medical care , denied disability benefits , denied compensation for treatment as prisoners of war , placed single parents in confinement and taken their children , or their family and friends who have lost their jobs and are seeing their homes and farms foreclosed by the same bankers who received huge bonuses from the bailout money ?
If military and law enforcement personnel begin to side with the citizens , will the fedgov call in United Nations forces to subdue those who cherish personal freedom and will fight to retain it ?
Regardless of which series of events occur , Americans will be the losers .
Brace yourselves and prepare , this is going to get real ugly .
The Best of Michael Gaddy
Sex Websites
Inviting the special women in your life your friends , your accomplishments , your cousins with meet and fuck and special family friends ; is still really a way to seal important friendships span .
From time to time , all of us need some hints about how to “ warmup ” our lovelife .
The excellent thing is it is possible to alter the liner whenever you should .
Before You ’re Left Behind what You Must Do To Find Out About Interracial Dating
Unlike hoaxes , the Maury Island UFO incident is not unique among physical or sighting evidence cases .
You ’ll sometimes get him looking at to get laid online anyone intently , but the moment you switch towards them , he ’ll convert away .
Friends may function as quite a support for you personally once you ’re currently getting through a divorce attorney lawyer .
What types of men ’s work shorts can you expect ?
Discover your speech .
And soon you decide to confront your spouse with the proof , then keep it in a safe location a safety deposit box .
There is very little to lose and everything to gain .
The Ultimate Companions Trick
If your profile says you ’re 6 ’ 4 ″ when you ’re really 5 ’ 11 ” , sex sites your cover will be blown after you generate for the own date .
Additionally gold goes with other silver and platinum jewellery , as well as with fabric that is the majority of clothing .
Now days , host of options can be found where you can get the model and shape of your ring according to your desire .
In Grade 8 that the focus is about gangs and youth violence to organize students for that which they are facing in school .
We are either convincing or busy arguing .
That is a result of the Jakub nature of life trading and seafaring method of life all through from China into Malay Peninsula .
Critical Bits Of Save My Marriage
This can lead to a partner strolling throughout the additional individual .
Many errors were made by the enemy however our history will be different if Washington had been dismissed for his lack of perfection .
Possible customers look for a successful record of success with acceptance of professionalism and one ’s expertise .
Now that TV programmers are demanding ( and getting ) more carriage fees from TV distributors ( satellite , cable ) , the TV distributors ' profits are going to drop , right ?
Of course not .
The distributors are just going to pass the costs on to you .
Thus , Time Warner Cable is celebrating its new deal with FOX , in which it will be paying for content that used to be free , by jacking up rates for its cable customers .
The average digital cable customer now pays $ 75 a month .
People get Internet , too , usually pay something like $ 150 a month .
This wo n't last .
The current TV business model is a dinosaur , and the Internet asteroid is coming .
There is no way today 's teenagers will be paying $ 150 + a month to get 500 channels they do n't watch .
This is like being forced to buy a whole magazine stand when all you want is People .
This TV business model , which drives gargantuan profits for both programmers and distributors will eventually go the way of the newspaper .
The only question is when .
Judging by the amount this household has reduced its live TV viewing in the past three years , the answer is " soon . "
What do we do instead ?
Netflix DVDs , streaming , iTunes downloads .
The only thing we 're paying cable for right now is live sports .
And we 're preparing mentally to cut that cord , because we 're just can't justify paying $ 150 a month for a couple of football games .
The NYT's Brian Stelter has more on ever - increasing carriage fees and cable rates , including the latest Time Warner Cable increase .
See Also :
Time Warner - FOX Spat Shows
Why The Death Of TV Can't Come Soon Enough
Sorry , There 's No Saving The TV Business
Most of the regulatory experts interviewed last week said they foresaw the deal being approved , but perhaps only with significant conditions attached , as in the News Corporation ’s deal for DirecTV in 2003 .
Rebecca Arbogast , a managing director at Stifel Nicolaus , a financial services firm that prepared an analysis of the deal last month , said , “ They ’d take a long and very close look at it . ”
But , she said , despite the proposed company ’s prospective size , “ when you sit down and ask yourself , ‘ What precisely would be the competitive risks ? , ’ it has , at least so far , been a bit challenging to think of why the government would view this as being anticompetitive in ways that could not be addressed through conditions , and block it . ”
Comcast and NBC Universal executives have not commented publicly , but both companies say privately that they expect approval to take up to a year .
The Federal Communications Commission will be expected to review the deal , but the extent of government regulatory authority is unclear because the terms of the deal itself are unclear .
In part , government action may hinge on whether Comcast intends to sell NBC Universal ’s 33 owned - and - operated television stations , 16 of which are NBC affiliates and 17 of which are Telemundo affiliates .
The F.C.C. oversees transfers of station licenses .
The commission declined to comment last week .
In addition to the F.C.C. , the Justice Department or the Federal Trade Commission will also be expected to study the antitrust implications of the deal .
The agencies declined to comment .
A crucial concern of public interest groups is so - called vertical integration .
By bringing together the makers of programs and the distributors of those programs , the owner could make access to its programming more difficult for its rivals , some interest groups say .
Conceivably , they say , Comcast could block its competitors ’ access to NBC ’s prime - time shows and local newscasts .
You have to admire the energy and chutzpah behind this new musical , based on the much - loved 1993 movie Sleepless in Seattle .
The project has been kicking around for over a decade , and had an outing , ... Read more
Deadly flu spreads across Ukraine
Deadly flu continues to spread across Ukraine , criminal World Health Organization lies to the public , MSM maintains radio silence .
There are many aspects to this story .
It is impossible to know where to begin -- let alone cover all the pertinent facts in just one article .
Those who have followed my Zerohedge columns in the past may be aware the subject of pandemic influenza has been a regular feature , precisely because there have been multiple signs indicating a global pandemic would be exploited ( and perhaps even initiated ) by governments and international banks for political purposes .
The signs have been building , including as I previously reported , forced quarantine orders inadvertently published by the CDC .
What do these people know which the public does not ?
SUMMARY
Over the past two weeks , what appears to be a particularly virulent form of the flu has been spreading in Ukraine and adjacent Eastern European countries .
This new flu is , in my opinion , a lethal new strain which has mutated ( or was released ) .
I speak with a background in virology .
This new mutated flu virus appears to have a remarkable affinity for the lungs and is causing deaths to a much higher extent than the previous swine flu .
Something in the virus has changed .
I have covered this incredibly important story for two weeks now in my weekly column This Week In Mayhem , which is generally published on Monday mornings .
Regardless , there has been almost zero ( NOTHING .
NADA . SILENCE . ) mention of the Ukraine epidemic in the mainstream media , a fact which I find both astonishing and profoundly disturbing .
There is apparently collusion at the highest levels of government and media to suppress this information .
There are now 1.3 million infected in Ukraine , and over 75,000 hospitalized -- IN FOURTEEN DAYS .
This is very serious !
Based on previous clinical data we can expect over 8,000 to be dead or soon to be dead .
Forward projection of the epidemic is difficult because the clinical attack rate is unknown -- but myself and my associates remain concerned it may be quite high .
Deaths globally may be in the millions .
Let 's hope this is not the case .
An example of viral pneumonia .
Yeah , fail .
The new flu strain , which I contend is spreading in Ukraine and Belarus , is characterized by a lightning form of viral pneumonia -- very similar to what happened in 1918 .
The new flu virus appears to have profound tissue affinity for sialic acid receptors deep in the lungs , replicating in the alveoli .
To put it mildly , the lungs fill with blood .
Quotes from Ukrainian officials included quotes such as " total destruction of the lungs . "
Ukrainian Doctor Viktor Bachinsky has stated , " The virus causing the deaths is extremely aggressive -- it does n't first infect the throat ( as is common in flu ) , but strikes the lungs directly . "
In Ukraine 's western Chernovetsky region , an epicenter of the outbreak , doctors have said lab tests showed at least some of the fatalties appeared to be caused by a flu dissimilar to both common flu and swine flu .
In other words , a mutant flu .
This claim of a ' mutant flu ' has been echoed by Ukrainian public health officials such as Dr. Vasyl Lazoryshynetz .
Unfortunately , as noted in the above Russia Today video , pharmacies across the country are sold out of antivirals .
To the hard of thinking -- yes , this is currently happening in Ukraine .
I have multiple sources confirming spot outbreaks of viral pneumonia in Eastern Europe , including official and non-official entities .
In terms of the current situation , there appear to be a high number of pneumonia patients in Ukrainian and Belerusian hospitals .
This epidemic has not shut down Ukrainian society yet , but it has caused many people to become concerned , and to buy up essential medicines .
Reports from doctors in Belarus indicate they do not expect this deadly new flu epidemic to peak until Christmas or later .
This is why it is important to analyze the situation and viral genetics now , and if necessary , contain the spread of the virus while it is still possible -- something the criminals at WHO do not appear interested in doing .
These idiots at WHO have yet to release the viral gene sequences ( even though they have had them for two weeks ) , and are now outright lying in their press releases , which I detail later .
In terms of how dangerous this new flu strain could potentially be , I conducted a rough analysis of the Ukrainian government statistics , yielding a projected case fatality rate ( CFR ) of 0.61 % -- over six times as lethal as seasonal flu .
Lastly , there are signs the virus is genetic engineered .
DATA FROM THE UKRAINIAN GOVERNMENT
The Ukrainian government has been releasing daily data updates on the numbers of " acute respiratory infections " , the number of related hospitalizations , and the number of deaths since Oct 28 , 2009 .
These reported numbers have increased substantially over the past two weeks , from near zero before Halloween to over a million as of today .
It is important to remember that these statistics are not laboratory confirmed H1N1 cases ( due to the state of the Ukrainian medical system ) , but we can cautiously assume at this point the vast majority of ARI ( acute respiratory infection ) in Ukraine with rapid progression to viral pneumonia are caused by influenza A virus .
This is because a large subset of these samples are coming up positive of Influenza A , and a smaller subset tested by rt-rtPCR are coming up positive for influenza A / H1N1 , or what is more commonly known as ' swine flu ' .
This suggests we are dealing with a viral epidemic of influenza .
This is not ' swine flu ' as previously known .
Statistically , the only way for this to be ' swine flu ' is if it has mutated ( or if the data is wrong ) .
. .
We will get to that in a minute .
As I mentioned , this data comes directly from the Ukrainian government .
In the past two weeks , ARI have gone from near zero before Halloween to affecting 1.3 million Ukrainians .
Over a million people are currently sick with probable H1N1 .
More importantly , there are over 75,000 total hospitalized at the time of the writing of this article , Monday 11/16 .
Based on these two figures ( 75,000 / 1.3 million ) , approximately 5.6 % of those infected with this new ARI end up at the hospital .
This is the critical statistic which allows us to estimate how f*cked we actually might be .
Officially , there are 299 deaths , but a realistic estimate shows this is easily one order of magnitude too low .
Realistically deaths are between 2,000 - 8,000 people from this probable new strain of the flu -- so far .
The number of dead is sure to rise dramatically , as we are only two weeks into this new epidemic .
Which brings us to our estimation of the case fatality rate ( CFR ) .
Again , I would love to be wrong about this .
Let 's hope I am .
ZH ESTIMATION OF THE CASE FATALITY RATE
The current American strain ' swine flu ' has a case fatality rate ( CFR ) of 0.1 % or less .
Seasonal flu has a CFR of 0.1 % .
The 1957 pandemic had a case fatality rate of 0.5 % .
The deadly 1918 pandemic had a CFR of 2 - 5 % .
Based on the Ukrainian government statistics , the new mutated Ukrainian flu has a CFR of 0.61 % or higher -- that is , 6.1 x as lethal as seasonal flu , perhaps more .
Perhaps less if our assumptions are wrong .
We arrive at the 0.61 % CFR statistic based on the number of hospitalizations in Ukraine vs. the number of infections .
This estimate is only as good as the underlying data , but I have confidence it is in the ball - park ( order of magnitude ) .
I consider the official reported number of deaths ( 299 ) to be unreliable for political reasons .
No one wants to be the country with the lethal flu .
Doctors , especially those in Belarus ( which is a dictatorship ) feel strong administrative pressure to label influenza viral pneumonia deaths as something else , for example cardiac failure .
Thus , ARI hospitalizations are the more reliable indicator for what is happening on the ground .
Deaths can be implied from hospitalization statistics , assuming we are dealing with a form of H1N1 influenza .
Last week , the medical journal the Lancet published a meta- analysis of the ( old ) swine flu confirming a JAMA report that approximately 11 % of hospitalized patients who had contracted the ( old ) swine flu died .
We will use this 11 % figure as our " middle case " .
The official government reported deaths ( 299 ) are considered “ best case ” .
For a " worst case " estimate , we can assume that 25 % of hospitalized flu patients will eventually die .
We can use these 11 % and 25 % statistics to estimate the case fatality rate of the Ukrainian flu .
The method is as follows :
To calculate the " middle case " and infer fatalities , we take 0.11 ( 11 % , the figure from the JAMA ) and multiply it by the number of Ukrainian hospitalizations on a particular date , to yield the expected number of ultimate fatalities .
This method assumes the vast majority of reported ARI are from H1N1 swine flu .
Using the November 15th data , this gives us 8345 expected fatalities .
We take the number of expected fatalities and divide this into the total number who are estimated to be infected on the same particular data point ( Nov 15 ) .
So 8345 deaths / 1.36 million infections , which yields the case fatality rate , which in this case is 0.61 % .
Obviously this is a rough estimate , but it is probably within an order of magnitude of the real CFR .
Assumptions for this model :
1 ) The vast majority of reported Ukrainian ARI are some form of H1N1 flu .
2 ) The data from the Ukrainian government for infections and hospitalizations is reliable and is not ' massaged ' for political purposes .
Implications of this model :
1 ) If A1 and A2 are true , then statistically speaking we must be dealing with mutated H1N1 influenza ( mutated ' swine flu ' ) .
In any case , this estimated CFR for Ukrainian flu is over six times higher than seasonal flu .
Not good .
Let 's hope this is wrong .
Our " worst case " 25 % estimate gives a CFR of 1.39 % , enough to eventually shut down commerce and society across the planet -- but fortunately it is likely this " worst case " estimate is far off the mark .
For our estimates here , including the CFR estimate of 0.61 % using the data from the JAMA -- supposing this estimate was purely based on Ukrainian government statistics , we could consider such an arbitrarily high Case Fatality Rate unreliable , and the product of bad data .
However , in the context of multiple reports from individuals as well as state health authorities of MANY cases of viral pneumonia and thousands of patients in intensive care in Belarus and Ukraine , we consider this CFR estimate to make much more sense .
That is , it fits the data on the ground of a worsening flu pandemic with a tendency towards viral pneumonia .
The old swine flu did not cause viral pneumonia , generally speaking .
The new apparently mutated swine flu does , to an extent orders of magnitude higher .
Thus , there must have been changes to the receptor binding domain , among other genes ( perhaps PA , PB2 , and NS1 ) .
CRIMINAL BEHAVIOUR OF THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION
I am not fond of the World Health Organization .
In my opinion , it is a tool of corrupt billionaire international financiers with which to achieve their dark global geopolitical objectives in the area of public health .
These objectives are rarely in the public interest .
We could spend paragraphs discussing deep corruption at WHO .
One important point to remember is their obvious complicity and criminal cover - up regarding MMR vaccine contamination with Avian Leukosis Virus ( ALV ) , which may induce cancer .
The point here regarding WHO and the potential outbreak Ukraine is several :
- WHO has yet to release the gene sequences of the Ukrainian flu , despite possessing them for almost two weeks .
They have also had a “ team ” on the ground in Lviv for a similar period of time .
Where are the flipping gene sequences ?
The WHO has claimed there are no “ big ” mutations in the flu strain ( apparently ruling out a viral reassortant ) , but has so far refused to release the Ukrainian flu gene sequences to the Internet community for analysis .
This is reprehensible .
What are these people doing ?
The world could know very quickly what we were dealing with if this genetic data was published , but instead it 's being kept secret for whatever ulterior motives the WHO is operating under .
- WHO issued a press release on Friday which contained the following astonishing quote , bordering on deception .
“ Because of a sharp rise in pandemic influenza cases one week ago in Ukraine , the Ministry of Health requested assistance from WHO European Regional Office to evaluate and respond .
The initial analysis of information indicates that the numbers of severe cases do not appear to be excessive when compared to the experience of other countries and do not represent any change in the transmission or virulence of the virus . ”
Okay , let 's see : Ukraine asked WHO to respond .
WHO sent a team to Lviv .
So far so good , despite the missing gene sequences .
Now wait , what ?
The WHO publishes their all - star analysis ...
“ The number of severe cases do not appear to be excessive ” ?
Are you kidding me ?
Please explain how 75,000 hospitalizations in two weeks is not ' excessive ' ?
And how all the pharmacies sold out of antivirals ?
And how Ukraine is under de-facto martial law ?
And that Yushenko gave a prime - time speech more or less threatening political dissidents if they do n't follow government orders ?
Or that school in Ukraine is canceled for three weeks ?
Half the country under quarantine ?
Hospitals seeing a surge of viral pneumonia patients ?
What gives ?
Are these people at WHO retarded or are they criminals ?
Oh and of course the gem of this press release by WHO : That “ [ the numbers of severe cases ] do not represent any change in the transmission or virulence of the virus . ”
Hahahaa !
You are going to tell me that Ukraine went from two cases to 1.3 million cases in 14 days , and that does n't represent any change in transmission ?
Is this supposed to be a joke ?
These pharmaceutical crooks damn well better explain themselves if you are going to make claims so obviously contrary to reality .
Does the WHO contend the Ukrainian government just pulling these figures out of the air ?
What of the case reports of rapidly deteriorating viral pneumonia in Belarus , Ukraine , and Romania ?
What is causing this ?
What about the statements from Ukrainian health officials that we have a new flu strain ?
On what data are WHO basing these preposterous claims , which fly in the face of reality and common sense ?
Why not release the Ukrainian gene sequences ?
There is an obvious spike in mortality and pneumonia – why ?
Does WHO contend this is another pathogen besides influenza ?
If so , what ?
Honestly , this statement issued Friday November 13th from WHO is so obviously full of lies I really do n't even have to comment ; anyone with a brain can see they are not telling us the truth .
http://www.who.int/csr/don/2009_11_13/en/index.html
- WHO dodges questions from Bloomberg and Sun Media regarding a mutation in Ukrainian flu during last weeks press conference .
Phil Serafino , Bloomberg : Dr Shindo ........ I have a second question also which may not be your area of expertise but have you heard anything about the mutation of the virus or has it changed at all - are we looking at anything different than a few months ago ?
Dr Shindo / WHO : Well , I can answer that question first .
The virus is quite stable .
It has n't changed ........
Joseph : This is Joseph from Kuala Lumpur - I am from the Sun Media ...... I just want to ask whether or not any slight mutation even a drift variant has been noticed so far ?
Dr Shindo / WHO : Amazingly this virus is very stable and part of the reason , virologists ( are saying ) is because of the lack of pre-existing immunity in population so that virus does n't have to mutate to escape from people 's immunity .
So it 's quite stable .
What a joke !
You'd think these fools at WHO were politicians , rather than doctors !
Twice , the WHO official dodges questions from reporters ( Bloomberg nonetheless ! ) on whether we are dealing with a critical new mutation in Ukraine sequences responsible for higher lethality and infectivity .
Unbelievable .
Again , I suggest these actions by WHO , taken in concert , are more akin to the actions of a criminal syndicate than to a global public health service .
Lies and evasion .
Stonewalling .
Is this how we expect public servants to behave , especially on time - crucial issues upon which millions of lives depend ?
Unfortunately this is par for the course .
Perhaps we should re-evaluate our conception of the world in which we live .
hint : it is so incredibly corrupt , it defies man 's imagination .
- Someone personally contacted WHO asking point - blanc , “ Is there a critical mutation in this flu in Eastern Europe ” and was met with silence .
The above speaks for itself .
I was made aware of this contact through a phone conversation with a journalist from globalresearch.ca .
SILENCE IN THE MSM
I have mentioned the silence in the MSM on this issue .
The only significant story I have noted was a story in Bloomberg .
The NYT jumped on the bandwagon last Friday with a garbage fluff piece not addressing the critical questions .
Furthermore , prior to these two articles , all MSM stories regarding Ukraine and flu were focusing on the internal political rivalry , rather than the rapid increase in infections and hospitalizations .
My opinion here is that the MSM has been deliberately ignoring this story , as well as spinning it as “ insignificant ” by framing it as foreign politics rather than public health .
Instead , we see the usual MSM flu garbage about getting vaccinated ( but of course no mention of vaccine contamination ) , about children getting sick , about pet cats catching the flu , and so on .
The hype machine is still running 24/ 7 .
So where were the stories on Ukraine ?
What gives ?
Judging by all the ridiculous swine flu scare stories we 've been hearing since past Spring , you 'd think the mass media would jump all over the opportunity to scare the hell out of the public with the potential emergence of a new strain ?
But instead , silence .
THE VIRUS MAY BE GENETIC ENGINEERED
I mentioned this before , I will embed the genetics image once again .
The swine flu virus is a triple - triple - reassortant , with the earlier triple - reassortant being approximately one decade old .
The new H1N1 ( ' swine flu ' ) emerged out of nowhere , out of season in Mexico , and went on to infect many people out of season in Spring 2009 .
The virus was fit and transmissible from the start – there was no detection of sporadic community outbreaks prior to the replication coefficient exceeding 1.0 , resulting in sustained transmission .
So this virus emerged ready to go – whether from genetic engineering , or from natural selection .
However , no farm or wild swine herd has been identified which served as the reservoir for original Mexico City outbreak .
The “ patient zero ” so - hyped by CNN – a 5 - year old boy from La Gloria , Mexico – supposedly contracted the infection from a swine factory farm 80 km away .
This , we are supposed to believe , even though the virus was not identified in any pigs at the factory farm .
So no source has yet been identified .
The origins remain mysterious .
While a triple - reassortant flu is not uncommon , in the context of other information , geopolitical , economic , and scientific , the emergence of the original swine flu is extraordinarily suspect .
The potential virulent reemergence is Ukraine after aerosol spraying is even more suspect .
The H1N1 virus contains genes from multiple flu viruses – three to be precise .
These three flu viruses which comprise ' swine flu ' are from multiple continents .
Furthermore , a total off 4 - 8 % of the RNA ( genetic material ) is entirely new , with no known match in the public gene databases .
The RNA polymerase in this flu is extra-ordinarily error prone according to the University of Edinburgh , multiple times the error rate of seasonal flus .
Furthermore , the RNA polymerase is comprised of a bird - human - pig hybrid protein trimer from an earlier H3N2 triple - reassortant .
This may be partly responsible for its ability to easily bridge across species .
According to Dr. Adrian Gibbs , co-creator of Tamiflu , for this virus to emerge naturally , swine would have had to pass through quarantine twice in order to acquire the necessary genetics .
Once from America to Asia , with a wait time in quarantine , and then back again from Asia to America , once again with a wait time through quarantine to America .
Of course , this does not even include the pig getting the necessary flu triple coinfection after making , its journey around the world .
Even after this may have hypothetically occurred , the emergent virus was suddenly evolutionarily fit to spread in pigs , yet also genetically fit to spread in humans , yet also acquiring the necessary host - to - host contact between man and pig .
If this was so , why was this not detected in any swine in Mexico prior to humans spreading the virus back to their herds ?
This suggests the virus emerged in humans first , prior to swine , which would indicate potential genetic engineering .
Lastly , comments from Dr. Adrian Gibbs , co-creator of Tamiflu , suggest a laboratory origin for this virus .
Dr. Gibbs was very courageous to state this opinion despite the mass media brainwashing to the contrary .
Gibbs suggested the emergence was unintentional , but I do not believe that to be the case .
Many powerful players stand to benefit from the emergence of a pandemic , especially one with the ' genetic history ' necessary to establish plausible deniability on the occasion the virus ' spontaneously ' becomes more virulent .
A short list of of such entities and their potential objectives is provided in the second - to - last section of this article .
For further research regarding the emergence of swine flu , its genetic structure , and potential players involved , I suggest reviewing the work of Bill Sardi , who has his papers published on Lew Rockwell.com .
Where Did the H1N1 Late - 2009 Flu Season Virus Come From ?
http://www.lewrockwell.com/sardi/sardi122.html
Why Is n’t the H1N1 Pandemic Flu Being Investigated as a Designed Bioweapon ?
http://www.lewrockwell.com/sardi/sardi133.html
Bill Sardi Archives
http://www.lewrockwell.com/sardi/sardi-arch.html
Co-creator of Tamiflu says ' swine flu ' was created in a lab
http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=94664§ionid=3510210
US ARMY INSTITUTE OF MOLECULAR PATHOLOGY RESURRECTS PANDEMIC VIRUSES
Some may not be aware , but our government has spent immense amounts of money resurrecting the deadly 1918 flu virus which killed millions of people .
This terrible plague was lost to history – prior to the work of Dr. Jeffrey Taubenberger at the US Army Institute of Molecular Pathology .
Approximately one decade ago , teams affiliated with the US government began digging up deceased individuals who were preserved in the Alaskan permafrost – individuals who died from the previously - extinct lethal flu from 1918 .
The fragments of viral RNA were combined from various dead bodies , in order to get the full spectrum of genetic material necessary to rebuild the deadly 1918 virus .
These mad scientists used OUR TAX MONEY to sequence the RNA from a constellation of genes belonging to this extraordinary lethal flu , in order to reconstruct it .
Once the entire deadly 1918 virus was sequenced , it was reconstructed from scratch using the process of reverse - genetics , and then active reconstructed 1918 viral particles were inoculated into animals – including primates -- in order to study their incredibly ' lethal ' effects and destruction of lung tissue .
The government has spent a huge amount of money on programs closely related to weaponization of influenza .
Multiple studies were published by the US Army / Ft. Dietrick team , with most articles with abstracts freely accessible in NIH Pubmed , and many co-authored by Dr. Jeffrey Taubenberger at the US Army BSL3 / BSL4 ( Biosafety Level 3/4 ) laboratories .
One of these studies involved comparing the X - ray crystal structure of the 1918 virus hemaglutinin to H5N1 ( bird flu ) hemaglutinin , which is a curious topic to study , unless you are attempting to create lethal pandemic flu .
This is stepping so close to biological weapons research I am astonished this much was published .
If you think this Army program was somehow not involved in weaponization of influenza , then I have a bridge to sell you in Brooklyn .
They were obviously involved with weapons research .
If and how the current ' pandemic ' is related is up for debate .
Of course , the latest 2009 gems from these various scientific psychopaths include a study published this fall titled “ Resurrected Pandemic Influenza Viruses . ”
In this study , the mad - scientist brain - trust affiliated with Taubenberger uses big research money funneled out from Uncle Sugar 's loving tentacles , and constructs recombinant pandemic viruses in order to determine the amino acid changes responsible for virulence ( lethality ) .
In other words , these individuals are being paid to study how to make influenza more deadly .
Why ?
The whole point of this idiocy is that it 's somewhat like Jurassic Park .
If you do not resurrect the Velociraptor , you do not have to worry about it killing you .
So why resurrect the Velociraptor ?
Is this not foolish ?
Or perhaps money talks , and Uncle Sugar likes his weapons , regardless of form or function .
For further information , see :
Resurrected pandemic influenza viruses .
Tumpey TM , Belser JA .
Influenza Division , National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Atlanta , Georgia 30333 , USA .
tft9@cdc.gov
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19385726
as well as the work of Dr. Jeffrey Taubenberger , searchable at NIH Pubmed :
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sites/entrez
AEROSOL SPRAYING IN UKRAINE EARLY IN OUTBREAK
If one examines the charts posted at the beginning of this article , it becomes apparent the Ukraine outbreak begins approximately Oct 28 – 30 , 2009 if we are to believe the official statistics .
Additionally , we know the Ukrainian government 's daily statistical updates began on October 28th 2009 , when the rate of infections began to increase from a previously established baseline .
What is curious is that this time frame coincides with reports of low - altitude aerial spraying in areas where the virus spread the most rapidly , particularly the Lviv region .
In fact , reports to the Ukrainian government regarding low - altitude aerial spraying around Halloween reached such a high incidence , the government was forced to issue an official denial that were any aerial ' flu reduction operations ' in progress .
So the question becomes , what exactly was going on here ?
What were eyewitnesses observing ?
Was something being sprayed ?
Could the spraying have the objective of modulating flu infectivity ?
Clearly something interesting was going on if the government was forced to issue an official denial and with hundreds of eyewitness reports .
Ukraine Reports of Overhead Aerosol Spraying
On October 31 , Kiev newspaper editors got dozens of calls about light planes doing aerosol spraying during the day .
In refuting the claims , the district 's Emergency Response office said " no permission had been granted for small aviation aircraft to fly within the city limits . "
Yet eye - witness accounts from Lviv , Ternopil , and other Ukraine cities said the same thing .
http://baltimorechronicle.com/2009/111109Lendman.shtml
Authorities in Kiev , Ukraine , deny spraying of “ aerosolized medication ” by aircraft over city .
The Office for Emergency Situations Desniansko district of Kyiv denies reports that in the metro " Forest " with the help of aviation dissipated funds against influenza .
Earlier today , the city rumors that over the market near the metro station " Forest " flying the plane , spraying some way from the " swine " influenza .
The caller to the editors of newspapers in Kiev " forest residents reported that they or their friends or relatives of people here have seen circling over the aircraft market .
It was also reported that retailers were encouraged to stay in tents .
The administration of the market " Forest " strongly refuted this information .
In Gosaviadministratsii correspondent " Newspapers in Kiev was told that any permission to fly to the city limits of small aviation aircraft today are not issued .
For information on spraying means against influenza is also refuted in the Directorate of Health of the city .
However , such rumors are being discussed in Internet forums Lviv , Ternopil and other cities .
http://mycityua.com/news/city/2009/10/30/171747.html
Interesting , huh ?
So on Oct 31 , local Ukrainian government authorities advise people to stay indoors because of anti-flu spraying , which is then followed by eyewitness reports and complaints to Kyiv and Lviv authorities of light aircraft spraying aerosols , which is then followed by repeated strong denials from government higher - ups ...
Indeed , the plot thickens .
The question is rather , are these facts relevant to the situation ?
Related ?
Just rumors ?
I simply do not know .
Your guess is as good as mine .
Just another piece to the puzzle .
Our job is to determine if it fits .
BAXTER PHARMACEUTICAL
SENT DEADLY CONTAMINATED FLU VACCINES LAST YEAR
Last year , Chicago - based Baxter Pharmaceutical sent deadly contaminated flu vaccine to multiple sub- contractor laboratories in multiple countries – to include , at minimum Czech Republic , Slovania , Austria , and Germany .
Baxter 's vaccine product was represented as H3N2 “ seasonal flu ” vaccine material – but this product that was somehow “ accidentally ” contaminated with the 30 - 80 % deadly H5N1 ' bird flu ' .
Theoretically , this could have caused a terrible global plague had this egregious mistake not been caught by a sub- sub - contractor called Biotest in the Czech Republic , who by a miracle decided to inject their animals , and noticed all their laboratory ferrets contracted lethal illness after testing Baxter 's deadly vaccine material .
Here is the relevant Bloomberg article from Feb 24 , 2009 :
Baxter Sent Bird Flu Virus to European Labs by Error
Feb. 24 ( Bloomberg ) -- Baxter International Inc. in Austria unintentionally contaminated samples with the bird flu virus that were used in laboratories in three neighboring countries , raising concern about the potential spread of the deadly disease .
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601202&sid=aTo3LbhcA75I
Again : Last year , Baxter sent out seasonal flu vaccine material to labs around the world , vaccine material which was somehow ' accidentally ' mixed with deadly H5N1 bird flu !
If humans had been inadvertently exposed to this vaccine material , they could have easily contracted fatal bird flu and potentially spread it to others , resulting in a lethal global pandemic .
This should never have happened , but Baxter has offered no explanation for their actions , nor the sequence of events which resulted in this deadly incident – where restricted H5N1 bird flu virus somehow left their secure facilities , and ended up in seasonal flu vaccine material .
Insanity !
Here is a diagram of what actually happened :
Now again , this should NEVER happen , because these pathogens are normally handled under BSL3 ( Biosafety Level 3 ) procedures .
Thirty - seven people at Biotest in the Czech Republic spent the month in quarantine because of Baxter 's criminal idiocy .
At the very least , Baxter 's vaccine bird flu contamination was criminally negligent .
No individuals at Baxter have been brought to justice for this potentially deadly incident .
And this is not the last time you will find Baxter connected with deadly flu ...
THE STRANGE CASE OF JOSEPH MOSHE , ISRAELI VIROLOGIST
Given that I run in the Internet underworld , I do have the scoop on this interesting story .
In August 2009 , a patriot radio host ( Dr. A True Ott ) on Republic Broadcast Network ( RBN ) received a phone call from an unidentified man with a thick Middle - Eastern accent .
The man claimed to have knowledge of a large Baxter production facility in Ukraine , which he claimed was involved in producing biological weapons – particularly in the form vaccines contaminated with biologically active RNA from the H5N1 virus ( sound familiar ? ) .
See above .
The man claimed Baxter would eventually provoke a lethal global flu pandemic .
Now , as a radio host , Dr. Ott gets a fair amount of random phone calls , so he took what was mentioned by this mysterious caller with a grain of salt .
Now the man , who turned out to be Israeli virus scientist Dr. Joseph Moshe , asked Dr. Ott where he could turn in evidence – including documents – regarding Baxter 's involvement in influenza weaponization programs , particularly through their Ukrainian production facility .
Dr. Ott asked the man his location – to which the caller replied ' Southern California ' – so Ott told the mysterious caller ( Joseph Moshe ) that he would be best off taking the documents to a US Attorney 's office in downtown Los Angeles .
The VERY NEXT DAY the following televised standoff occurs in the parking lot outside the LA Federal Building .
Microwave weapons .
Tear gas robots .
Swat Teams .
The works .
You have to watch the video to believe it .
The media and Feds claimed Joseph Moshe made threats against the White House .
Are you kidding me ?
I do n't buy it .
This guy was a threat to someone 's agenda .
Watch this video of the incredible level of force used against this unassuming Israeli plant scientist , and judge for yourself what you believe .
/>
Incidentally , here is Joseph Moshe 's biography .
Moshe Bar Joseph , Prof. ( Retiree )
Plant Protection , Plant Pathology and Weed Research
Research Interests / Job description
Telephone Tel : +97289350823
Cellphone Cell : +972509350823
Fax Fax : + 97289352826
Email : mbjoseph@gmail.com
Office location : Bet Dagan
Dept of Plant Pathology and Weed Research
ARO , The Volcani Center
Bet Dagan 50250
ISRAEL
Research Interests / Job description :
- Management and control of virus and virus like disease agents of subtropical fruit trees , with special emphasis on citrus .
- Certification programs , nursery propagation methods and modern cultivation practices of citrus & subtropical fruit trees .
- Eradication policies and practices of potentially epidemic disease agents of fruit trees .
- Phytoplasma , Spiroplasma and insect vectored disease agents of citrus and subtropical fruit trees
- Molecular characterization and evolution of Closteroviridae and of viroid disease agents .
- Methods of pathogen detection and elimination .
- Transgenic plants ( citrus ) and rapid propagation technologies .
Personal :
1972 Ph.D. Hebrew University , Jerusalem
1984 Researcher , Grade A+ ( equivalent to Professor , Dept of Virology , ARO , The Volcani Research Center , Bet Dagan
1983 -1984 Head of Department of Plant Pathology , Volcani Cente
1995 - 1986 Head of Department of Plant Virology , Volcani Center
1994 - 2004 Professor ( Adjunct ) Department of Life Sciences , Ben-Gurion University , Beer Sheva .
1996 -1997 Scientific Director , The Gilat Experiment Station , Northern Negev .
1986 -2004 Founder and Head of the S. Tolkowsky Laboratory for Citrus Disease Research .
ARO , Volcani Research Center , Bet Dagan
2004 , 1st of September , Retired Officially after 39.5 years of service .
Supervision of Graduate Students
Since 1982 , I served as an independent supervisor of PhD students from the Faculty of Agriculture Rehovot , The Hebrew University , Jerusalem .
In total 11 M.Sc. and 9 PhD.D. Students , have completed their degrees under my supervision .
Awards
1980 The Lee Hutchins award , The American Physiopathology Society
1996 Elected , Scientist of the Year , Agricultural Research Organization , Israel
Moshe has n't been heard from him since this incident – we assume he is dead .
The connections between Moshe , Baxter , Ukraine , biological weapons research , and influenza , and the overwhelming use of force ( microwave weapons , etc ) certainly gives me pause as to what is going on here .
Moshe fingered Ukraine as the source of a potential outbreak in August 2009 – months before we see what appears to be the spread of a stronger more deadly flu strain in the country he named .
I suppose we are lucky that this time it does not involve Baxter 's H5N1 .
POLITICAL OBJECTIVES OF INTERNATIONAL FINANCE CAPITAL
Anyone who carefully studies the world we live in , with an appetite for the truth and a discerning eye , will quickly realize we have been sold a false bill of goods .
A pack of lies , if you will .
The truth is , Governments are incredibly corrupt , and they are getting worse .
Large Banks are criminal enterprises .
Politicians are for show , and are generally bribed or blackmailed .
There are only a handful of individuals who are not morally compromised .
When sufficient excavation of the facade of modern civilization is conducted , it becomes clear we are dealing with international money power – a global criminal syndicate consisting of corrupt multi-billionaires and their associates acting in their own criminal interests .
Their objective is nothing less than to impose a form of neo-feudalism of the countries upon the world .
Sound hard to believe ?
Take a look at the actions of Bernanke , Paulson , or the SEC .
These are the actions of individuals and institutions representing a corrupt purpose and objective , not simply academics who are incompetent .
This same pattern of corruption we see in global finance is repeated across the board , from defense contractors to pharmaceutical companies .
Take a look at the resemblance of the current trend towards privatized profits and socialized losses .
This is a business model that would fit quite well in Italy in 1933 .
We move closer and closer towards the model of global corporatism as international financiers consolidate their power and ownership through public - private monopolies .
All that is missing is a new war .
The plague is obviously on its way , whether sooner or later .
Ultimately , as we mentioned , the objective is global neo-feudalism and the destruction nation - states through various methods ( war , poverty , famine , plague , etc ) .
This is all crystal clear in Henry Kissinger 's National Security Study Memo 200 , which advocates forced depopulation of the third world in order to maintain the narrow political objectives of a corrupt elite .
While their objectives are complex , their methods are much simpler .
Part of this policy is depopulation .
Which is why we can expect war , disease , and famine in the coming years .
This will not be blind chance .
This will be political policy .
CONCLUSIONS
In this article , I attempted to review all aspects of a potential flu epidemic in Ukraine .
There are various puzzle pieces which have accumulated , and I have attempted to paint a picture of a rather dark reality which many will not be familiar with .
My objective is not to frighten anyone , but simply to force the hand of the global authorities towards a more sensible outcome through deliberate media exposure .
We appear to have a new strain of influenza in Ukraine -- but this is not the only possibility .
A new strain of H1N1 influenza is simply the best explanation at this point in time .
We may also be dealing with false statistics from the Ukrainian government coupled with rumors .
There are other explanations as well .
As we go forward , information will slowly become more available – outside the channels of criminal authorities , who know their time is short .
We must remember never to tolerate corruption and evil , lest it consume the beauty mankind has worked so hard to construct .
TEHRAN , Dec. 30 ( UPI ) --
The leaders of the Iranian opposition movement must be considered the enemies of God and face execution under national law , a conservative leader said .
The conservative regime on Wednesday sponsored its own pro-government demonstrations , busing in thousands of supporters of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to take part in the rallies .
Advertisement
The demonstrations followed deadly clashes between supporters of the opposition Green Movement and government security forces during weekend celebrations for the Shiite holy day of Ashura .
Abbas Vaez - Tabasi , a representative to Iran 's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , said the leaders of the opposition were " mohareb , " or enemies of God , who should be sentenced to death , al - Jazeera reports .
" Those who are behind the current sedition in the country ... are mohareb and the law is very clear about punishment of a mohareb , " he said .
Fatemeh Haghighatjoo , a reformist former member of the Iranian Parliament , told al - Jazeera the political unrest in Iran threatens to divide the clerical regime .
Haghighatjoo , now a women 's rights advocate in Massachusetts , said the regime in Tehran has lost control of national events .
" They think that if they could use more violence , they can stop the movement , " she said .
" If this strategy continues I think we could see the collapse of the government . "
In an interview , both Fred and Tom expressed resignation and a little bewilderment .
They now operate in the family ’s longtime offices on Park Avenue South as TF Cornerstone , while Henry runs a separate business under the Rockrose name .
“ We ’re still scratching our heads about why it all happened , ” said Tom , 64 .
The tensions were evident last week as the three gathered for a photograph for this article .
When Henry , as the eldest brother , insisted on his traditional spot in the middle , Fred and Tom simultaneously responded , “ No way . ”
THE Elghanayans ’ father , Nourallah , was a prominent manufacturer in Iran under the shah .
He moved his family to Queens in the 1950s , when Houchang , who is known as Henry , and Tom were children .
Their father and mother continued to shuttle between Iran and Queens , where the family settled on Rockrose Place , a two - block - long street in Forest Hills .
Their father dabbled in real estate , but Tom suggested that their formative moments came during “ vicious , daylong Monopoly ” games .
“ Monopoly teaches you many long - term lessons : to buy property and build quickly , ” he said .
“ You can get wiped out by the randomness of the dice , or the vagaries of the market . ”
The brothers very nearly crashed and burned with their first project in 1970 , when they began renovating small buildings in and around Greenwich Village .
Their father had given Henry and Tom $ 100,000 to start the business .
They put everything they had into renovating a walkup at 31 West 16th Street .
Just as they finished , the real estate market crashed .
They were able to sell only one of the six apartments .
Henry and Tom , as well as Fred , who would join them in the business , each moved into a unit , while the ground - floor apartment became an office .
“ We were very lucky to sell that one unit , ” Henry said .
“ We needed the money . ”
As the market came back , they refinanced and began buying other buildings , on the Upper West Side and in Brooklyn Heights .
Each deal brought a larger renovation project , and then construction of new buildings .
In 1977 , they converted an industrial building on East 46th Street into Turtle Bay Towers , with 337 rental apartments .
A decade later , they turned a landmark warehouse into the Archive , with 479 rental apartments at 666 Greenwich Street .
A New Zealand woman who flashed her breasts at passing motorists distracted one driver so much he ran her over .
Cherelle Dudfield never meant to literally stop traffic .
She says she was egged on by a friend to flash her breasts at passing cars while standing in the middle of a road in the South Island city of Invercargill .
But the good times turned bad when one of the vehicles crashed into her .
The 18 - year - old rolled over the bonnet , and cracked the windscreen , but luckily was not hurt .
Ms Dudfield pleaded guilty in the Invercargill District Court to one charge of disorderly behaviour .
The judge said the behaviour was dangerous and fined her $ 220 .
It certainly looks like 2010 is shaping up to be the year during which 3D finally moves from the realm of novelty into both mainstream film and TV .
Satellite cable provider DirecTV has a new satellite in the air , and according to HD Guru , one of the 200 new HD stations to be broadcast from it includes the first U.S. HDTV channel in 3D .
There are still some technical hurdles to clear before you 're watching zany sitcom antics flying toward you , but the trend is clear .
The satellite begins full operation in March , and existing DirecTV set - top boxes will simply need a firmware upgrade to support the 3D programming .
Unfortunately , you 'll still need to pick up a 3D - capable HDTV to play it back , and that 's where the market lag will play a role in determining how fast 3D will penetrate .
Although 3D content has a long history stretching all the way back to 1922 — when the first public 3D movie was displayed — a number of optics and display challenges , as well as market realities , relegated 3D to a periodic novelty for decades .
With the vast majority of the technical hurdles now solved and 3D displays making steady inroads at seminal trade shows like CES over the past couple of years , 2010 is poised to be 3D 's breakout year .
The emergence of a string of blockbusters like Avatar , Alice in Wonderland and more rounds out 3D 's emergence — or re-emergence — on the big screen .
Soon , consumers will come to expect the same experience in their home theater as well .
Sony , Samsung , Mitsubishi , LG and other manufacturers will be showing off 3D displays at CES 2010 next week .
They 'll be hoping the stars will align properly to make 2010 3D 's breakout year , and DirectTV 's news is a timely piece of that puzzle .
Are you excited about 3D 's inroads to the home , or is your pocketbook still weary from the last cycle of high definition upgrades ?
Medical Textbooks and Publications
Patient Education
About MedicalStudent.com
The esteemed physician Sir William Osler felt that learning was an apprenticeship , and that medical apprentice learners needed convenient access to authoritative information to aid them in their studies .
MedicalStudent.com is a digital library of authoritative medical education information designed to help all students of medicine .
The goal of MedicalStudent.com is to provide a starting point for entry into medical places of enlightenment , entertainment and education on the Internet .
MedicalStudent.com identifies authoritative medical World - Wide
Web sites that can teach , illuminate , and inspire .
In essence , MedicalStudent.com is meant to serve as a " pico portal " for users interested in quality medical resources on the Internet .
Feel free to bookmark and / or link to MedicalStudent.com .
Comments
We are interested in your comments about MedicalStudent.com .
Please fill out our Comment Form .
Awards , Reviews , Statistics and Comments
MedicalStudent.com has received acclaim from a number of sources .
Please view our Awards , Reviews and Comments .
All contents copyright © MedicalStudent.com .
All rights reserved .
Privacy Policy .
The information contained in MedicalStudent.com is not a substitute for the medical care and advice of your physician .
There may be variations in treatment that your physician may recommend based on individual facts and circumstances .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. House of Representatives approved legislation Tuesday to impose sanctions on foreign companies that help supply gasoline to Iran , a move lawmakers hope will deter Tehran from pursuing its nuclear program .
The bill authorizes President Barack Obama to levy sanctions on energy companies that directly provide gasoline to Iran along with the firms that provide insurance and tankers to facilitate the fuel shipments .
The Senate is likely to approve a similar bill , but it is uncertain how soon it will vote .
The legislation , which would expand an existing U.S. law that seeks to punish foreign companies that invest more than $ 20 million ( 12.2 million pounds ) a year in Iran ’s energy sector .
“ This bill has one overriding goal : To prevent Iran from achieving a nuclear weapons capability , ” said Representative Howard Berman , Democrat and sponsor of the legislation .
“ We must use all the tools at our disposal , from diplomacy to sanctions , to stop Iran ’s march towards nuclear capability , ” said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
“ By targeting Iran ’s ongoing dependence from largely imported refined petroleum we reduce the chance that Iran will acquire the capacity to produce nuclear weapons . ”
The legislation passed the House in a 412 - to - 12 vote .
The sanctions include preventing companies in violation from getting financial assistance from U.S. institutions like the Export - Import Bank .
While Iran has some of the world ’s biggest oil reserves , it must import 40 percent of its gasoline to meet domestic demand because of a lack of refining capacity .
As the United States has stepped up pressure on companies doing business with Iran , a number of past suppliers like BP and Indian refiner Reliance have backed away from providing fuel , but imports have largely been maintained as companies like European trading firms Trafigura and Vitol , Kuwait - based International Petroleum Group and Malaysia ’s Petronas step into the breach , traders said .
POTENTIAL BACKLASH
There is concern the bill could backfire by antagonizing U.S. trading partners and allies , hurting efforts to get multilateral action against Iran .
Berman , speaking after the vote , said he was open to creating exceptions for companies from countries that have their own robust sanctions on Iran .
But he also said he was more optimistic than ever that the international community would soon embrace rigorous new sanctions .
“ The urgency of the situation is so much more clear .
Iran ’s games are out there for the whole world to see . ”
There is also worry the legislation could backfire on the United States if Iranian citizens blame America for supply shortages and higher gasoline prices that would likely result .
“ This will unify the Iranian people against us , ” Representative Ron Paul said .
Some energy experts have said fuel sanctions on Iran would raise prices but not stop supplies because the country has porous borders and a history of smuggling petroleum products .
Supporters of the legislation said the many Iranians upset over this summer ’s disputed presidential election would likely turn their anger towards the Iranian government .
“ Before the regime ’s brutal effort to crush protests following the June 12th Iranian election , an Iranian cab driver who could n’t buy gasoline would probably curse the Americans , ” said Mark Dubowitz , who heads the Foundation for Defence of Democracies .
“ After witnessing the brutal crackdown and his fellow citizens dying in the streets , he now might very well blame the regime , ” Dubowitz added .
The United States and five other major countries Tuesday said that a planned meeting with Iran about its nuclear program will not take place this year because of scheduling conflicts , though talks will continue by telephone .
The group , which also includes Britain , France , Russia , China and Germany , is worried that Iran ’s nuclear program could lead to weapons production .
Tehran says its nuclear program is solely for peaceful purposes like generating electricity .
In October , negotiators offered Iran a deal that would send most of its low - enriched uranium abroad by the end of the year for further enrichment , but Tehran has backed away from it .
If a similar bill passes the Senate , the final legislation would impose the harshest sanctions yet approved by Congress to protest Iran ’s nuclear program .
The State Department said there are parts of both bills it likes , and it will work to make sure the final version that emerges supports administration policy .
Charles Krupa / Associated Press
Peter Boone is chairman of the charity Effective Intervention , a research associate at the Center for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics , and a principal in Salute Capital Management Ltd. Simon Johnson , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economic , is the former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund .
Ben S. Bernanke ’s nomination for a second term as chairman of the Federal Reserve Board passed the Senate Banking Committee this month and will be taken up early next year by the full Senate .
Despite being named Time ’s Person of the Year for his efforts during the financial crisis , Mr. Bernanke has run into strong pushback to his nomination — both in tough questions from some members of the committee and in the form of a “ hold ” on the nomination , placed by Senator Bernard Sanders of Vermont .
The conventional wisdom among economists is that political control over an independent central bank is regrettable and should be resisted .
We like to think of the Federal Reserve as a bastion of technocracy , with monetary policy steering a course between recession and inflation just on the basis of “ objective evidence ” regarding the relative balance of risks ( i.e. , if monetary policy stays too loose for too long , we ’ll get inflation , but if interest rates are tightened prematurely , the economic recovery will stall ) .
But the fact of the matter is that , in any well - functioning democracy , independence is earned based on credible and ultimately successful actions — not granted for all time and without conditions .
The questions raised about Mr. Bernanke ’s performance and his likely future actions are almost entirely appropriate — and focus attention on a major weakness in the argument for his reappointment .
The issue is what economists like to call “ time inconsistency , ” but that everyone else just regards as common sense :
If I swear up and down that I wo n’t bail out your firm in the future , will I really keep this promise when the crisis hits and the consequences of “ no bailout ” look absolutely awful ?
And if you know that , most likely , the bailout will be there irrespective of how you behave — for example because your firm is so big relative to the economy — why should you be more careful or take less risk ?
Mr. Bernanke ’s problem is that he says he wo n’t help big banks when they next get into trouble .
But is this plausible ?
To be fair , Mr. Bernanke does not refuse to talk about the problem that is widely known now as “ too big to fail ” or the repeated boom - bust - bailout cycle that is increasingly referred to in official circles as the “ doom loop . ”
But , when asked what will break this loop , his answer is weak :
A new regulatory structure should address this problem .
In particular , a stronger financial regulatory structure would include : a consolidated supervisory framework for all financial institutions that may pose significant risk to the financial system ; consideration in this framework of the risks that an entity may pose , either through its own actions or through interactions with other firms or markets , to the broader financial system ; a systemic risk oversight council to identify , and coordinate responses to , emerging risks to financial stability ; and a new special resolution process that would allow the government to wind down in an orderly way a failing systemically important nonbank financial institution ( the disorderly failure of which would otherwise threaten the entire financial system ) , while also imposing losses on the firm ’s shareholders and creditors .
The imposition of losses would reduce the costs to taxpayers should a failure occur .
In other words , “ if big banks should fail in the future , we ’ll take them over and impose meaningful losses on creditors . ”
But this is simply not plausible .
And do n’t take our word for it .
Look at the probability of default implied by the credit - default swap spreads for Bank of America .
The market view is that Bank of America , despite all its problems and a risky balance sheet , is only slightly more likely to default than is the United States government ( which , despite recent criticism , is still one of the most reliable borrowers in the world ) .
The market view for all other major United States banks is essentially the same .
In other words , Mr. Bernanke ’s crucial audiences — in financial markets — do not find him credible on the central issue of the day , presumably because he is unwilling to condone measures that would ensure today ’s huge banks become “ small enough to fail . ”
If potential creditors do not fear losses , they will provide funds on easy terms to our big banks and we will re-run some version of our previous bubble .
This is how our financial system works .
The Senate will decide soon , but Mr. Bernanke has made his case and the market has already voted .
Postmodern Grand Theories
Credits , references , and bibliography
Who are we and where are we going ?
Transition from Industrial to Postindustrial Society ( Daniel Bell )
Society -- three realms : social structure , polity , and culture
Postindustrial Society : mainly a change in social structure : economy , work , science , and technology
From production to services and information processing ( especially health , research , government )
Blue - collar work declines ( local copy ) .
Professional work expands : lawyers , computer , scientists and engineers Theoretical knowledge versus " know - how , " innovation based on research , ethical questions ( genome , stem cells , etc . )
New technologies and their impact -- issue of control and predictability ( security ) " Intellectual technologies " ( cybernetics , game theory , information theory )
Science , technology , and growth - - a symbiotic relationship ( university - based )
Work : Farmers and unskilled -- semi- skilled and engineers - professionals and scientists Problems dealt with : Extract from nature ( primary occupations ) -- coordinating machines -- managing people with information Power : landowners and military - industrialists and business through politicians -- scientists and researchers
Culture ( Culturomics )
Dominated by irrationality , self - realization , and self - gratification ( versus the rationality of the economy )
Postmodernism , as a cultural reality , challenges the advancement of social structure and the economy .
The possibility of a disjuncture leaves open the onset of revolution
For Bell , the hedonism of a consumer culture must be contained .
Postmodern Grand Theories
Post - modernism ( and ) : ( Emergence of the post modern world== > the death of modernist architecture at 3:32 p.m. July 15 , 1972 < Lemmert 1990 > ) .
Actually , it was probably March 16 , 1972 .
Modernity ( see also : A MODERN SOCIETY ? ( and ) has failed to provide the solution to the problems of life .
" Progress " is not an onward and upward march
Science ( positivism ) does not have all the answers
Philosophically integrative , yet focus is upon control mechanisms
Cultural debates are intensifying .
The promise of the modernist " Individual " and tolerance needs critical reflection
Social Institutions are changing at a rapid rate : Family , Religion , Education , etc .
Post - Modernism Defined
Everyday life expressions of these themes :
Hi-Tech lifestyles Preoccupied with consumer goods and media images The Mass International , " demise of the nation - state " Irrationality of Rationality The impact of continual change .
McDonaldization
Increasing Governmentality ( And Other Grand Theories )
http://www.kritischestudenten.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/produktbilde_michel_foucault.jpg
Michel Foucault ( Read his work )
Grand theories , but not unilineal unfolding of history
Not a search for origins , but analysis at different points in time -- raising questions rather than finding answers
Focused on incoherence : internal contradictions
Emphasis on the discontinuities and reversals in history , relativism
Governmentalities ( see also ) : " The practices and techniques by which control is exercised over people . " ( 2 , page 219 ) ( additional resources : here and here )
Discipline and Punish ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk9ulS76PW8 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EsEgwYdzlA)
From torture to rules as a means of control Not humanization ( internal contradiction ) , but increased ability to punish .
Less negativity ( as compared to public torture ) Rules can be imposed quite early -- preceding behavior ( socialization ) Rules can be repeatedly applied Rule systems support and reflect rationalization and bureaucratization ( efficiency and depersonalization )
Generalizable : rules and surveillance over entire population Instruments of Observation and Control ( see also ) Hierarchical observation Panopticon ( see also ) ( possibility versus actuality of observation ) Disciplinary society Normalizing judgments ( what is normal today ? )
Examinations -- checking up and assessing
Increasing Disciplinary Power ( from the iron fist to the velvet glove ) Punishing has increased Pervasive , universal , and insidious Discipline as " swarming " throughout society : Carceral archipelago ( local copy )
Microphysics of power : attempts to resist the exercise of power and control occur at many levels , and constantly restructures the process of control
Madness and Civilization
Deinstitutionalization
Psychotropic drugs
Internalization of control
Grand Theory of Sexuality ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNcQA3MSdIE)
Sex is and was repressed , but Victorianism led to an explosion of discourse on sexuality
This led to more analysis and study of sexuality
And , increasing attempts to exercise power over sexuality Control over individual body and sexual practices Control over the general population : health , life expectancy , etc .
" By controlling sex , society was able to control both the individual and the species . " ( 2 , page 225 ) Foucault saw hope in the body , in sexuality , and in pleasure - - methods to overcome control attempts .
Queer
Theory ( see also )
Social and historical construction of sexuality
Stigma and marginalization of LGBT
Concern over identity politics
Non-essentialist -- no built - in traits , desires , characteristics .
. Critique of binaries
Pre-ninetennth century -- no such thing as sexual identity ( as it is known today )
Binaries are mutually linked , one typically inferior
Gender and sex as a performance
Sociological theory must incorporate the study of sex , gender , and sexuality , with a focus on social construction
Foucault and Heterotopias :
Postmodernity as Modernitys Coming of Age ( Zygmunt Baumann )
Postmodern Sociology and a Sociology of Postmodernity Fearful of a postmodern sociology : Less concern with formative questions Connection to postmodern culture -- irrationality Sociology of Postmodernity : Issues of complexity and unpredictability .
Fragmentation -- no central goal orientation or administration .
Agents and states operate in arenas of ambivalence and uncertainty .
Reflexivity Fluidity and change Body ( and body cultivation ) .
Seduction as a means of control Primacy of knowledge and information -- keys to resources and choice
Learning to Live with Ambivalence ( Liquid Modernity ) ( local copy ) ( the book ) Ambivalence about Postmodernity Problems : regionalism and barbarism
Yet tolerance and acceptance Fear of the " void " and draw of community : N eotribalism ( acceptance and refuge ) Yet , lack of concern and self - centeredness -- possibility of cruelty Consumerism is not enough to satisfy our needs Postmodern Ethics Rejection of coercive codes Moral ambivalence
No universal morality " One has to be for the Other before it is possible to be with the Other . " ( 2 , p. 229 ) Rejection of complete relativism -- there is a need for the center ( state , self ) .
Irresolvable Moral Dilemmas
" People have full moral choice , but they have it without the guidance of an overarching moral code once promised by moderity .... morality ... has been privatized . " ( 2 , p. 230 )
The Rise of Consumer Society , Loss of Symbolic Exchange , and Increase in Simulations
Jean Baudrillard
http://www.spaceandculture.org/uploaded_images/baudrillard-778688.jpg
From Producer to Consumer Society
Consumption as Language
Code ( purchasing signs )
Needs ( no longer the basis of consumption ) Hyperconsumption Difference -- versus needs ( differences are infinite , therefore no end to consumption ) 2 , p. 232 ) The code controls choice and defines " needs " ( how , what , where , and when to buy , as well as what we buy means )
Consumption has little to do with " reality . "
It 's not so much what we consume , but what " what we consume " means Relate more to objects and settings than to other humans ( spend our time in these places , do the work ( atm's , etc. ) , and people there are replicants : " would you like to supersize that ? "
From Production to Consumption
Control over consumers
Insure active and regular consumption : advertisin g advertising 2010 , credit cards , spending time consuming or working for the money to consume .
The Loss of Symbolic Exchange and the Increase in Simulations
Consumer Society and the New Means of Consumption
Means of Consumption : Old and New
Means of production -- define relationship with material world , define self and relation to others Means of consumption ( make consumption possible )
New means of consumption ( versus old : material , face - to - face , cash , Gemeinschaft ) McDonald's , Shopping malls , Superstores ( since the 1950s )
Material structures , yet phantasmagoria ( dream worlds ) designed to enchant and produce hyperconsumption
Creative destruction : clearing the old -- eliminating them and simulating them
Dematerializing , too : internet , home shopping network Spectacle Need to manipulate the consumer , to " enchant them , in order to stimulate consumption
I mplosion ( destruction of boundaries -- new Busch stadium : department store , arcade , and a ball park )
As places grow too big -- problems , yet online : shop bots
Time and space : Collapsing time periods , gigantic spaces , lack of time references
And , simulations , too , especially online : Second Life
The " prosumer " and " prosumption ? "
The end of consumption ( freeganism , permaculture , simple living ) ?
Dromology ( Paul Virilio ) ( wikipedia ) ( Paul Virilio A Discussion by John David Ebert )
Contemporary Applications : The Explosion of Surveillance in Our Lives
Feminism and Postmodern Social Theory ( a few notes )
Things in commom :
Who gets to define reality Movement away from traditional concerns in philosphy and social science : decontructing knowledge .
And , decontructing gender Reflexivity and inclusionary forces -- self challenging and self - critical .
Always changing ( versus progressing ) .
Differences :
Maybe not so inclusive ( arcane language and and too academic ) .
Denies the process of theorizing just when marginal groups are coing into their own .
Radical individulalism versus collective action and liberation .
Discourse and narrative rather than material reality and inequality .
Internet Exercises ( 1 )
Exercise 1
Go to the U.S. Census Bureaus website : http://www.census.gov and click on the box labeled  E - Stats . 
Go to the latest E - Commerce Statistics .
Then , click on the most recent quarterly e-commerce report and note the e-commerce sales for this quarter .
Then go to previous releases  and check the e-commerce sales from a comparable quarter in 2001 .
What is the estimate of U.S. retail e-commerce sales for the most recent quarter ?
How much of a percentage increase is this from 2001
Do your findings support the claim that we are living in a postmodern world ?
Why ?
Exercise 2
Go to the following website : http://www.hrw.org/backgrounder/usa/incarceration/
Read Human Rights Watchs background report on the prison population in the U.S .
How much has the population of prisoners incarcerated for drug offenses increased since 1980 ?
What group is disproportionately represented as part of the prison population ?
Use Michel Foucaults concept of a carceral archipelago to interpret these trends .
From Foucaults perspective , what other information about crime and prisoners would be useful to know ?
Can you find it on the Internet ?
Does it support or refute his conclusions ?
Annotated Weblinks
Contemporary Philosophy , Critical Theory , and Postmodern Thought : http://carbon.ucdenver.edu/~mryder/itc/postmodern.html
A website that discusses how postmodernism has influenced art , architecture , music , and literature .
The Po-Mo Page : http://www9.georgetown.edu/faculty/irvinem/theory/pomo.html
Postmodern Culture : http://www.iath.virginia.edu/pmc/contents.all.html
Museum of Weird Consumer Culture : http://www.indiana.edu/~wanthro/museum.htm
Baudrillard on the Web / Project Baudrillard : http://intermargins.net/intermargins/TCulturalWorkshop/academia/scholar%20and%20specialist/Baudrillard/Baudrillard%20on%20the%20Web.htm
Foucault Websites / Resource Centers : http://foucault.info/ and http://rauli.cbs.dk/index.php/foucault-studies/index
Social Theory for Fans of Pop Culture : http://www.theory.org.uk/index.htm
George Ritzer : http://www.socy.umd.edu/facultyprofile/Ritzer/George and http://www.georgeritzer.com/
The Unwinnable War : An Interview with Zygmunt Bauman : http://www.opendemocracy.net/globalization-vision_reflections/modernity_3082.jsp
CTheory : http://www.ctheory.net
quiz
Works Cited
1. Much of this page comes from the " Instructor 's Manual " to accompany Contemporary Sociological Theory and Its Classical Roots : The Basics , Second Edition , George Ritzer , Mcgraw - Hill , 2007 .
The Instructor 's Manual was prepared by James Murphy , University of Maryland , College Park and Todd Stillman , Fayetteville State University .
These excerpts are from chapter 9 .
2. Ritzer , George .
2007/2010/2013 .
Contemporary Sociological Theory and Its Classical Roots : The Basics .
2nd/3rd/4th editions .
St. Louis : McGraw - Hill
URL : http://www.umsl.edu/~keelr/
3210/3210_lectures/post_modern .html
Owner : Robert O. Keel : rok@umsl.edu
Last Updated : Friday , August 14 , 2015 9:34 AM
Sunday night 's attack on Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on the streets of Milan has gripped the nation and is causing Italians to wonder if the increasingly tense climate could lead to political violence not seen since the infamous " Years of Lead " in the 1970s and early 80s .
The sight of their stunned and bloodied leader being rushed the hospital with a broken nose and teeth after an attacker hurled a miniature metal replica of a cathedral into his face has brought back difficult memories of the years when right - wing and left - wing extremists battled each other and the state .
Some news reports suggest that attacker Massimo Tartaglia , who reportedly has a history of psychiatric problems , may have acted out of mental instability .
But Berlusconi's supporters and allies were quick to blame the aggression on the left - leaning opposition , which has been waging a strong campaign against the prime minister 's controversial judicial reform that they say is an attempt for him to skirt his corruption trials .
“ I almost saw this coming , ” was the prime minister 's own first comment .
“ The aggressor was insane , but the moral instigators are well known , ” wrote ll Giornale conservative daily , owned by the Berlusconi family .
In a front - page editorial published on Monday , Il Giornale blamed the attack on outspoken anti-corruption politician Antonio Di Pietro , talk show TV stars Marco Travaglio and Michele Santoro , and the left - leaning newspaper La Repubblica .
Concerns about violence
“ There are good reasons to be worried : there 's plenty of unresolved tensions , for sure , and I can really sense a lust for violence , ” says historian David Bidussa , from the progressive Feltrinelli Institute .
“ Santoro and Travaglio have indeed turned Berlusconi into an icon to be demolished rather than a simple political adversary ... but now Il Giornale is doing the same with them .
You see where this witch hunt is going ? ”
Within few hours from the attack on Berlusconi , the head of Italy 's parliament , Gianfranco Fini , hinted he feared new violence may be on the way .
Mr. Fini , who is also a key figure in Berlusconi's People of Freedom Party , said he was worried about the country “ going back to the age of violence , ” referring to the " Years of Lead . "
Mr. Bidussa says the parallel might turn out to be appropriate .
“ Actually , I fear things may be even worse now , " he says .
" Besides the violence , the 70s at least witnessed a lot of positive political development , for instance on women 's rights .
Nowadays I do n't see any constructive trend , just plenty of aggressive rhetoric . ”
Left - leaning lightning rod
One of Berlusconi's most outspoken opponents , former judge turned anticorruption politician Antonio Di Pietro , has recently insinuated that the prime minister had brought violence upon himself : " With his behavior and his ' I do n't give a toss ' attitude , he has instigated the violence , " said Mr. Di Pietro after the attack .
Conservative allies of Berlusconi are seizing on comments like these to blame Di Pietro as being a primary instigator of the attack .
“ This attack clearly points out the evil that comes from a distorted use of political criticism , ” said Milan 's mayor and Berlusconi ally Letizia Moratti , who was next to the prime minister when he was attacked .
Ms. Moratti also accused the left - leaning opposition of carrying out an “ absurd demonization ” of the prime minister , described as “ one of the most important politicians in the history of our democracy . ”
On Monday , all major newspapers published first page editorials advocating the end of inflamatory rhetoric .
The left - leaning daily La Repubblica warned that Sunday 's attack “ may signal a tragic era , similar to the one we have already witnessed in the darkest days of our lives ” -- also a reference to the Years of Lead .
“ Political hatred is intoxicating the public debate , ” wrote Il Corriere della Sera , Italy 's main , and more moderate , newspaper .
“ While hostility is mounting , [ we are getting ] close to a war between the two sides of the country .
Berlusconi may need weeks to recover
Mr. Tartaglia is currently being interrogated .
Police reportedly found pepper spray in his pocket and believe his action was premeditated .
Berlusconi is currently hospitalized in the San Raffaele medical facility just outside Milan .
He may be released from the hospital on Tuesday , but doctors say he will need two weeks to recover .
“ I 'm fine , I 'm fine , they 're not going to stop me , ” the prime minister reportedly told his staff while being rushed to the emergency room “ But I am saddened by this campaign of hatred [ waged ] against myself .
That 's the result of [ the actions ] of those who have spread discord . ”
Fox and all of its affiliated stations may soon disappear from Time Warner 's cable offerings thanks to a fee dispute between the two companies .
News Corporation , Fox 's parent company , has been pushing Time Warner for subscriber fees that typically only get paid to cable - only channels , potentially amounting to close to $ 1 billion .
Given that TV providers have been facing accusations of unfair treatment as of late , however , Time Warner may have to shell out if it wants to keep Fox around .
Some Time Warner cable subscribers ( including a number of our own readers ) began seeing notices last week from the cable provider that there may not be any Fox programming come January 1 .
This does n't just mean no more American Idol ( which may or may not be a good thing ) — it also means no more Glee , House , Family Guy , or college bowl games , among numerous other shows .
And do n't go thinking it 's just the Fox network ; this includes the Fox Soccer Channel , the regional Fox Sports channels , FX , and Speed too .
What News Corp. wants , according to the New York Times , is $ 1 per subscriber per month .
This is similar to what cable - only channels get , but it seems the reason
Fox gets left out on these fees is because it 's largely a broadcast network — people can pick up Fox Network and its plethora of shows with an antenna .
Time Warner , of course , does n't want to pay these fees , and has made it clear that it will have to pass those costs onto subscribers ;
Time Warner chief programming officer Melinda Witmer told the Times that the fees will " without a doubt translate to increasing costs for consumers that buy packages of programming . "
Though this seems like just a ( billion - dollar ) tiff between two media giants , cable providers have been under fire for what some consider to be unfair treatment of certain channels for some time .
In mid-2008 , the NFL Network filed a complaint against Comcast , saying that the company discriminates against the sportscaster by putting it on a higher - priced tier while broadcasting Comcast 's own sports channels on a basic tier .
The fight has been kicked back and forth between the courts and the Federal Communications Commission , with the FCC eventually stating that the NFL Network 's charges had merit .
Another fight has been going on between DirecTV and Versus — the contract between the two companies ended earlier this year after Versus allegedly demanded a 20 percent rate hike from DirecTV , but not other providers .
DirecTV walked away and the two are still in the ( unsuccessful ) process of trying to work things out .
As we have seen from the outcome of DirecTV / Versus , as well as the high profile split of NBC and iTunes back in 2007 , TV networks are willing to walk away from distributors if they do n't get their way — even if only temporarily .
However , Fox leaving Time Warner and other distribution networks is a bigger deal than most , and it would benefit both parties — not to mention American Idol fans — to try and work out a deal sooner rather than later .
The great trade collapse : Presenting the new Ebook
Richard Baldwin
World trade experienced a sudden , severe and synchronised collapse in late 2008 – the sharpest in recorded history and deepest since WWII .
VoxEU today posts a new Ebook – written for the world 's trade ministers gathering for the WTO 's Trade Ministerial in Geneva – that presents the economics profession 's received wisdom on the collapse .
Two dozen chapters , written by leading economists from across the planet , summarise the latest research on the causes of the collapse as well as the consequences and prospects for recovery .
The world ’s trade ministers gather at the WTO next week just as the world ’s trade is starting to recover from the “ great trade collapse ” – the sharpest drop in recorded history and deepest since WWII .
Vox has today posted an Ebook “ The Great Trade Collapse : Causes , Consequences and Prospects ” that aims to tell the world ’s trade ministers what economists ’ know about the trade collapse .
Establishing consensus on the cause
The two dozen chapters establish a consensus on what caused the collapse .
In a nutshell , it was caused by the sudden postponement of purchases , especially of durable consumer and investment goods .
Trade fell far more than GDP , since the demand shock was amplified by “ compositional ” and “ synchronicity ” effects .
“ Compositional effect ” : In the 4th quarter of 2008 and 1st quarter of 2009 , the Lehman - induced ‘ fear factor ’ caused consumers and firms around the world – but especially in the US and EU – to freeze ; expenditures were postponed until things became clearer .
The sales / production of “ postponeables ” plummeted , dragging down GDP growth rates .
However , since the composition of GDP places much lower weight on postponeables than the composition of trade , the same shock had a substantially larger impact on trade than it did on GDP ; the lion ’s share of trade takes place in manufactures , mostly final durable consumer and investment goods , and related parts and components .
” : In the 4th quarter of 2008 and 1st quarter of 2009 , the Lehman - induced ‘ fear factor ’ caused consumers and firms around the world – but especially in the US and EU – to freeze ; expenditures were postponed until things became clearer .
The sales / production of “ postponeables ” plummeted , dragging down GDP growth rates .
However , since the composition of GDP places much lower weight on postponeables than the composition of trade , the same shock had a substantially larger impact on trade than it did on GDP ; the lion ’s share of trade takes place in manufactures , mostly final durable consumer and investment goods , and related parts and components .
“ Synchronicity effect ” : National drops in trade were large – many attaining post - war records – but the world trade drop was much larger than previous episodes , since almost every nation ’s trade dropped sharply ; there was no averaging out this time .
The synchronisation was probably due to the global and instantaneous transmission of the ‘ fear factor ’ , and partly due to the development of international supply chains that reacted “ just in time ” to the collapse in demand for postponeables .
Other factors
Some of the chapters find evidence for supply - side factors , but other do not .
The supply shocks considered include : the impact of the credit crunch on the specialised financial instruments that grease the gears of international trade ( e.g. letters of credit ) , bankruptcy - induced disruptions of international supply chains , and protectionism .
The best available evidence suggests that declines in global trade finance have not had a major impact on trade flows .
Policy responses aimed at shoring up trade credit were early and massive ; these may have prevented credit from being more of a problem than it was .
There is no evidence that protectionism played a direct role so far ; there has been plenty of new protection , but is has been applied to small trade flows .
Finally , there is almost no evidence that supply chains have collapsed .
Direct evidence from firm - level data shows that the exits of firms from trade relationships ( i.e. the extensive margin ) has not played an important role in this crisis .
If the global economy recovers , the recovery of global trade – which seems to have started in mid-2009 – is likely to be rapid , with pre-crisis growth rates being reached next year .
This could foster growing imbalances .
Consequences
Several authors warn that the global imbalances are a problem for the trade system as well as for the macro and financial system .
As unemployment in many nations is projected to rise , or at least remain high , pressures for a protectionist backlash could grow over the coming year or two .
To avoid this , and to prevent laying the foundations for another global crisis down the road , the US , China and other nations with large trade imbalances should undertake the necessary macroeconomic adjustments , such as exchange rate realignments , and designing credible plans for long term fiscal sustainability .
Adolf Hitler
Austrian Painter
1889 AD - 1945 AD
Hitler tried his hand at being a painter during his youth .
However , he gave up on the profession to pursue a career in politics and the Nazi Party .
Eventually , he became dictator of Germany and led it into World War 2 , causing the deaths of millions of people .
The illuminations at night were quite spectacular .
You can see some of the night time photos here , and also the Santa Xmas tree .
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Before we begin what I suspect will be a furious attempt to rebrand the reported " compromise " ( read : capitulation ) on health care as the most meaningful piece of progressive legislation since ever , I think Senate Democrats deserve recognition for doing something that most thought would have been impossible -- crafting health care legislation that will , ultimately , please no one .
The Democratic base is going to voice strong objections , because instead of taking bold steps in the face of a health care crisis , you allowed a guy that spent 2008 campaigning for a Republican presidential nominee to have unilateral veto power over the legislation ( the optics of that aspect of this story could not possibly be worse ) .
Good luck getting that base to the polls in 2010 .
Their motivation to keep or expand a Democratic majority looks like it was rendered meaningless .
Worse yet , the months of dithering on the bill accomplished the worst possible scenario : the whiplash effect of raising , and then subsequently lowering , expectations .
The neverending litany of mixed messages coming from both the Senate and the White House left the left - of - center Democratic base with false hopes that emanated from the false starts of those entities , who vacillated between bold and contemptibly timid .
The GOP , for what it is worth , was always through with you , despite your numerous attempts to find ways to please them and appeal to them .
This will still get scant , if any , Republican votes , no matter how much the bill was neutered in response to their criticism .
And they will still , after all this , find ways to call you dangerous socialists about 23,000 times between now and November of 2010 .
The " independent voter " , meanwhile , has seen the spectacle of the past several months .
They have seen Senate Democrats , " led " by their Majority Leader , adopt six different bargaining positions a day , where reports of negotiation ( and / or capitulation ) were met with an immediate forceful denial from some spokesperson , only to be confirmed within hours .
They have concluded that Democrats cannot govern worth a damn .
They may well be right .
So , congratulations , guys .
It takes a tremendous amount of skill to singlehandedly imperil a Congressional majority and return bargaining power to a political party that has been spending the last five years circling the drain .
Perhaps John Boehner and Mitch McConnell will send you a " thank you " card .
In wake of airline incident : Drumbeat for US war in Yemen
By Bill Van Auken
29 December 2009
In the wake of the abortive Christmas Day attempt by a 23 - year - old Nigerian , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , to detonate a bomb on a Detroit - bound Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam , there has been an escalating drumbeat for a wider US military intervention in Yemen .
While US officials initially said they believed that the suspect acted alone and had no formal ties to any terrorist organizations , this did not deter leading politicians of both political parties and much of the US media from immediately raising the prospect of war in Yemen , where Abdulmutallab has family ties ( his mother is Yemeni ) , and where Al Qaeda has a presence .
Media reports have subsequently cited unnamed US officials as saying that Abdulmutallab has told interrogators that he had attended an Al Qaeda camp in Yemen , while a web site claiming to speak for the organization claimed credit for the failed bombing .
Whatever the truth of the Yemeni connection to the incident , it has proven highly fortuitous for the Obama administration , which — parallel to its Afghanistan escalation — has already launched a secret military intervention in the impoverished Arab country .
As the New York Times reported Monday , “ In the midst of two unfinished major wars , the United States has quietly opened a third , largely covert front against Al Qaeda in Yemen . ”
Citing unnamed US intelligence and military officials , the Times reports that the US Central Intelligence Agency has dispatched “ several of its top field operatives with counterterrorism experience to the country , ” while “ some of the most secretive Special Operations commandos have begun training Yemeni security forces in counterterrorism tactics . ”
US military aid to Yemen has been raised to $ 70 million under the Obama administration , compared to virtually nothing in 2008 .
The reports on increased activities by CIA operatives and Special Operations military commandos in Yemen follow a series of covert US airstrikes .
On December 17 , US warplanes firing cruise missiles targeted what officials in Washington claimed were Al Qaeda training camps in the provinces of Sana ’a and Abyan .
Officials in Yemen , however , said that the attacks claimed the lives of more than 60 civilians , 28 of them children .
A second airstrike was carried out on December 24 in the remote region of Shabwa against what US officials described as a meeting of Al Qaeda operatives .
Again , Yemenis in the area said that there had been no such meeting .
US intelligence officials indicate that one of the intended targets of the December 24 airstrike was Anwar al Awlaki , a Muslim cleric who is a US citizen born in New Mexico .
While Awlaki has been linked to the US Army major , Nidal Malik Hasan , who is charged in last month ’s mass shooting at Fort Hood , he has himself been accused of no crime .
The attempt to carry out his extra-judicial execution has provoked not a hint of criticism from any section of the media or the political establishment in the US .
US warplanes have also reportedly been used , along with Saudi military action , against an internal rebellion in northwestern Saada province near the border with Saudi Arabia .
The attacks are aimed at an armed movement known as the Houthis , named for their former commander , which was formed to defend the Zaydi Shia population .
The dominant group in the country until 1962 , when a Nasserite coup overthrew the ruling monarchy , the Zaydi population has faced repression and discrimination at the hands of the present government .
The Houthi fighters charge that US warplanes have launched some 30 attacks on Saada since last August , when the Yemeni regime launched a military offensive dubbed “ Operation Scorched Earth . ”
US foreign policy circles have tried to cast the war against the Houthis as a struggle against Iranian influence in the region .
At the same time , the Yemeni regime has made the improbable claim that the movement is backed by Al Qaeda , which is based on Sunni fundamentalism and has engaged in terror attacks against Shia populations .
The US military intervention in Yemen is being carried out in support of the dictatorial regime of Field Marshall Ali Saleh , who has been head of state for more than 30 years — first as president of North Yemen until 1990 , and then , after the post - Cold War unification , as president of the unified country .
Yemen , with 23.8 million people , is the poorest country in the Arab world .
More than half of the population lives below the poverty line .
More than 40 percent are unemployed and 54 percent are illiterate .
In addition to the Houthi movement in the northwest of the country , the Saleh regime confronts a separatist movement in the south .
It has sought to quell these opposition movements with extreme brutality .
In addition to carrying out military operations of a collective punishment character that have claimed the lives of thousands of civilians and turned tens of thousands more into refugees , it has systematically suppressed political dissent .
Last month , the United Nations Committee against Torture issued a stinging report on conditions in Yemen , citing “ hostage taking , reports that family members were abducted and held to ensure that persons sought would give themselves up , as well as arbitrary detention and forced disappearances . ”
“ Kidnappings and extrajudicial killings , ” were common , according to the report , including against minors .
“ Children of seven or eight years old were imprisoned , held with adults , and frequently abused , ” the report said .
“ Children were also sentenced to death and executed . ”
The report said that security forces and prison authorities carried out torture with impunity .
A document submitted to the UN committee by a group of Yemeni human rights organizations listed a number of opposition activists who have been tortured to death , while describing detainees — including children — being beaten with cables , burned , suspended from their hands and arms , raped and threatened with rape .
This is the character of the regime with which , according to the Times , the Obama “ White House is seeking to nurture enduring ties . ”
The dispatch of Special Operations commandos and CIA operatives to Yemen will only intensify this hideous repression .
As the Times article makes clear , the more that Washington aids in this repression , the more intense and lethal the repression must become .
“ The problem is that the involvement of the United States creates sympathy for Al Qaeda , ” a Yemeni state official told the newspaper .
“ The cooperation is necessary — but there is no doubt that it has an effect for the common man .
He sympathizes with Al Qaeda . ”
Similarly , the Associated Press quoted Gregory Johnsen , a Yemen expert at Princeton University , as saying that the increased US military intervention in the country was “ probably counterproductive . ”
The bombing raids and the resulting video and photographs of women and children slaughtered by US missiles , he said , provided “ a recruiting field day for Al Qaeda . ”
Such concerns appear to carry little weight in Washington or the US media , as the Obama administration continues to build up for a third US war in the oil - rich regions stretching from the Middle East to Central Asia .
The Northwest Airlines incident has provoked calls for more direct military action from both Democratic and Republican politicians .
Senator Joseph Lieberman , the so - called “ independent Democrat ” who heads the Senate Homeland Security Committee , called Sunday for a “ preemptive ” military intervention in Yemen .
“ Somebody in our government said to me in Sana ’a , the capital of Yemen , Iraq was yesterday ’s war , ” Lieberman said in a Fox News interview .
“ Afghanistan is today ’s war .
If we do n’t act preemptively , Yemen will be tomorrow ’s war .
That ’s the danger we face . ”
Appearing on the same program , Senator Arlen Specter , a Democrat from Pennsylvania , agreed , saying that a military attack on Yemen is “ something we should consider . ”
“ Yemen is the new FATA , or it will be , ” said Representative Jane Harman , a California Democrat who chairs the House Homeland Security subcommittee on intelligence .
She was referring to the Federally Administered Tribal Areas in Pakistan , where the CIA and US military have been conducting increasingly frequent missile attacks as well as ground incursions by Special Operations troops .
The US media , as in every other drive toward war , has fallen into line .
The Washington Post published a front - page article Monday headlined , “ Al - Qaeda Group in Yemen Gaining Prominence . ”
While acknowledging that the claim that Al Qaeda organized the failed plane bombing had yet to be proven , the Post article continued , “ If the claim is true , it represents … the emergence of a major new threat to the United States , the Middle East and the Horn of Africa . ”
Characteristically , the cable news outlets were even more blunt and bellicose .
“ So are we missing the boat here ? ” CNN anchor Kyra Philips asked a counterterrorism “ expert ” Monday afternoon .
“ We ’re at war in Afghanistan ; we ’re at war in Iraq .
Should we be at war in Yemen ? ”
If the US is preparing for yet another war , this time in Yemen , it is not to eradicate terrorism or protect the American people .
The claim that such methods can accomplish these purported goals can be used to justify US military intervention virtually anywhere , from Pakistan , to Somalia , to Indonesia , to the Philippines and the entire Middle East .
The real aim of US imperialism is to impose its hegemonic control over the world ’s strategic energy supplies and the pipelines and shipping routes that deliver them to the world ’s major powers .
Yemen commands the Bab - el - Mandeb strait connecting the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea and providing access to the Suez Canal , a vital chokepoint through which tankers carry some three million barrels of oil every day .
The Obama administration was swept into office on the slogan of “ change , ” thanks in large measure to the American people ’s hostility to the two wars launched under the presidency of George W. Bush .
Now , rather than ending these wars , the Obama White House is continuing the occupation of Iraq , sending at least 30,000 additional US troops into Afghanistan and initiating yet another American military intervention in Yemen .
These military actions will spell increasing death and destruction for the peoples of these countries , a growing number of dead and wounded among the US military , and the increasing likelihood of a far wider and potentially global conflict .
The growing threat of a US war in Yemen demonstrates the impossibility of opposing American militarism within the framework of the capitalist two - party system .
This struggle requires the independent political mobilization of the working class against the Obama administration on the basis of a socialist program to put an end to the profit system , which is the driving force of imperialist war .
FBI agents made an urgent trip to India and Pakistan last week after they learned of plotting for Mumbai - style terrorism attacks while investigating a Chicago man ’s case , according to current and former U.S. , Indian and European counter - terrorism officials .
The man , David Coleman Headley , was recently charged with being a longtime clandestine operative for Lashkar - e - Taiba and another Pakistan - based militant group affiliated with Al Qaeda .
The alleged plots , believed to be in the works for months , were aimed mostly at locations frequented by Americans , Israelis and other Westerners , such as hotels or synagogues , according to the officials .
India ’s National Defense College and other government sites were scouted as possible targets as well , according to the officials and FBI affidavits recently unsealed in Chicago .
The investigators say that Headley , who is now cooperating with the FBI , spent much of the last few years scouting targets not only for last year ’s Mumbai siege in which 166 people died , including six Americans , but also for future attacks in India and one in Denmark .
Authorities allege that he did so at the direction of two senior operatives of Pakistani militant groups who had also been members of Pakistan ’s military .
The Justice Department last week filed criminal terrorism charges against a third former Pakistani army officer , still in Pakistan , in the Denmark plot .
On Dec. 9 , Headley pleaded not guilty to the charge that he worked with Lashkar - e - Taiba to plan the Mumbai attacks .
The accusations implicating former Pakistani military officers are almost certain to exacerbate tensions in the region .
Washington and India contend that Pakistan ’s military maintains close ties to Lashkar and other militant groups and has used them for attacks on India .
Pakistan has long denied those accusations and demanded proof .
Nadeem Kiani , a spokesman for the Pakistan Embassy in Washington , downplayed the significance of any role by former military officers in Lashkar terrorism strikes or plots , saying , “ A former army officer does n’t represent the army . ”
He added that the Islamabad government had been actively cooperating with the United States and India in the various investigations .
Any evidence showing that former Pakistani officers were involved with terrorists “ should be shared with Pakistan , and we will look into it , ” Kiani said .
U.S. officials believe that the FBI investigation now has documented such ties , citing phone intercepts , travel records , credit card purchases and other information in the Headley investigation .
In the recently unsealed court documents , authorities say Headley traveled widely through India with a video camera posing as an American Jew .
After each surveillance mission , they allege , he took a circuitous route to Pakistan to brief his Lashkar handlers and turn over the tapes before heading back home to Chicago .
Various sources of information appear to have corroborated the FBI ’s findings .
“ There have been a number of intelligence reports indicating [ Lashkar ] activities that might suggest further attacks ” in India , one South Asia - based Western official confirmed .
In response , the Israeli National Security Council ’s counter - terrorism bureau recently issued two “ highly concrete ” travel warnings about possible Lashkar terrorist attacks in India with Israelis and Westerners as targets .
One mentioned synagogues , Chabad Houses and popular Israeli tourist spots in the coastal state of Goa .
Indian authorities have been on high alert since getting briefed by U.S. officials .
Last month , the current threat level was a prime topic of discussion during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ’s meeting with President Obama in Washington , U.S. officials said .
The initial leg of the FBI trip to Mumbai and then New Delhi was based , in part , on orders from the White House that agents share as much information from the investigation as possible with India about when and where such an attack may occur .
Information was also shared about the role Headley and his alleged co-conspirators in the United States , Pakistan and Europe may have played in the Mumbai attacks of Nov. 26 , 2008 , when 10 heavily armed gunmen rampaged throughout India ’s financial capital , targeting luxury hotels , transportation centers , a hospital and a Jewish community center .
The trip by agents of the FBI ’s Chicago field office was also designed to help India fill in the still - significant gaps in what it knows about the Mumbai massacre and the growing global threat posed by Lashkar , also known as LET , the officials said .
The agents ’ purpose on the last leg of the trip was more politically delicate : to present Pakistan with new hard evidence that Lashkar is plotting attacks from its soil despite the Islamabad government ’s promises to crack down on the group -- and that Lashkar is doing so with the help of some former and possibly current high - ranking military officers .
The FBI alleges that Headley was trained by Lashkar operatives in 2002 and told to change his name from Daood Gilani in 2006 so he could travel without attracting suspicion .
Lashkar - e - Taiba , which means Army of the Pure , has been designated a terrorist group by the U.S. government .
Headley , 49 , was arrested Oct. 3 before boarding a plane in Chicago , intending to travel to Pakistan .
He was initially charged with plotting terrorist attacks in Denmark .
His friend , Tahawwur Hussain Rana , 48 , who ran an immigration consulting business that employed Headley , was later charged with terrorism conspiracy in the alleged plot against the Danish newspaper Jyllands Posten , which previously published controversial cartoons of the Muslim prophet Muhammad .
Authorities are now scrambling to determine whether Headley and Rana had other co-conspirators in the United States and overseas .
“ There ’s something missing , which is what he was trying to do here , ” one senior U.S. counter - terrorism official said of Headley , the son of a Pakistani diplomat and an American - born mother .
Headley converted to Islam later in life .
“ He travels under the radar , he looks white , and he ’s older , ” unlike most would - be jihadists , who are usually half his age .
“ Clearly , now we know in hindsight that he ’s in contact with known LET contacts , ” said the official .
Headley also was working at the direction of Ilyas Kashmiri , a leader of another militant group who sits on Al Qaeda ’s shura , or leadership council , said the official .
( U.S. authorities do not believe Headley was connected to five students from Virginia who were arrested last week in Pakistan and accused of trying to join a Pakistani militant group .
According to Pakistani police officials , the students also tried to link up with Lashkar , but the security - conscious group rebuffed them because they did n’t have the proper sponsors . )
Headley spent as much as a year total in India , including stays at five - star hotels and membership at an ultra-luxury gym frequented by Bollywood movie stars , according to interviews and the U.S. court documents .
“ Where did he get the money for all of this ? ” asked Bahukutumbi Raman , the former head of counter - terrorism for India ’s foreign intelligence agency .
“ He got it from LET , of course , but the FBI should be asking questions about the role of the ISI , ” or Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence military spy agency .
The FBI affidavits filed in support of the Headley and Rana prosecutions mark the first time U.S. authorities have accused former Pakistani military officials by name of being involved in terrorism .
Based on wiretaps and Headley ’s cooperation , prosecutors have charged retired Pakistani army Maj .
Abdur Rehman Hashim Syed with being a key facilitator of Headley ’s alleged terrorism plot in Denmark .
The FBI documents allege , in great detail , how Rehman acted as a conduit between Headley and the leaders of Lashkar and to Kashmiri .
Kashmiri is a former Pakistani special forces commando , U.S. officials believe .
In court documents and interviews , they identify another retired Pakistani army officer , Maj .
Haroon Ashiq , as having kidnapped affluent people to raise money for Kashmiri ’s group and having killed a rival army major general who had threatened to expose links between the army and militant groups .
And potentially of most concern , authorities alleged that Headley ’s Lashkar handler in the plotting for Mumbai was another former Pakistani army senior officer .
He is not identified by name in the court documents , but U.S. and Pakistani officials said that he is Sajid Mir , a top Lashkar operative who they believe orchestrated Headley ’s role in all of the India plots , including last year ’s attack in Mumbai .
Such disclosures may prove embarrassing for Pakistan , but probably not enough to force the Pakistan military to sever its ties with Lashkar and other militant groups , some current and former officials said .
“ LET is an extremely dangerous group and well - connected to the Pakistan government , ” said one Justice Department counter - terrorism official .
“ There is a civil war going on , and it ’s not clear if our side is going to win . ”
josh.meyer@latimes.com
We had to temporarily disable the Dream Dictionary symbol while we make antoher update .
Sorry for the inconvenience caused .
You can still browse the Dream Dictionary letter by letter .
Or you can download and earch your dreams FASTER using the Dream Moods app !
The page you are trying to access may have moved or does not exist .
If you believe you have reached this page in error , feel free to email us at webmaster@dreammoods.com or @ DreamMoods on Twitter to report a possible link problem .
( CNN ) --
A former international rugby star has shocked the sports world by revealing that he is gay .
Gareth Thomas , Wales ' most - capped player after appearing in 100 Tests , made the surprise announcement in an interview with British newspaper The Daily Mail .
The 35 - year - old retired from internationals after the 2007 World Cup , but still plays for Welsh provincial side Cardiff Blues .
He is the first openly gay top - level rugby player , although top referee Nigel Owens came out in 2007 .
While homosexuality in a macho code such as rugby is rarely acknowledged , top - level tennis players such as Billie Jean King , Martina Navratilova and Amelie Mauresmo have discussed being lesbian .
Former NBA basketball star John Amaechi came out in his memoir in 2007 a couple of years after his retirement , while Olympic diving champion Greg Louganis was candid about his sexuality and tested positive for HIV in 1988 .
Thomas married his childhood sweetheart Jemma in 2002 , but they separated in 2006 and their divorce is being finalized .
" I 've been through all sorts of emotions with this -- tears , anger and absolute despair , " he said .
" I was n't sure if I ever wanted to let people know and , to be honest , I feel anxious about people 's reactions and the effect it might have on my family . "
He said he knew he had was gay from as young as 16 or 17 , but hid it as he sought to establish his rugby career , later going on to captain the British and Irish Lions and becoming one of the top backs in international rugby .
" I could never accept it because I knew I would never be accepted as a gay man and still achieve what I wanted to achieve in the game , " he said .
" I became a master of disguise and could play the straight man down to a tee , sometimes over - compensating by getting into fights or being overly aggressive because I did n't want the real me to be found out .
But when you withdraw into yourself you start to feel lonely , upset , ashamed . "
The player finally revealed he was gay to Wales coach Scott Johnson after a match in November 2006 , and the Australian then informed his teammates Stephen Jones and Martyn Williams .
" They came in , patted me on the back and said , ' We do n't care , ' " Thomas said .
" Two of my best mates in rugby did n't even blink an eyelid .
" It 's pretty tough for me being the only international rugby player prepared to break the taboo .
Statistically I can't be the only one , but I 'm not aware of any other gay player still in the game .
" I 'd love for it , in 10 years ' time , not to even be an issue in sport , and for people to say : ' So what ?'
" I do n't want to be known as a gay rugby player .
I am a rugby player first and foremost .
I am a man .
I just happen to be gay .
It 's irrelevant .
What I choose to do when I close the door at home has nothing to do with what I have achieved in rugby . "
From the ' Linux Nomenclature ' files :
Among the bits of minutiae that I personally find entertaining about the Linux distribution release cycle is how different distros come up with their respective release names .
Ubuntu with its ' interesting ' animal inspired names like Dapper Drake and Karmic Koala gets its names from it 's Dictator - for - Life Mark Shuttleworth .
Rival Linux distribution Fedora does n't have such an autocratic approach to naming .
Instead the process ( like much of the distro itself ) is driven by the community .
It 's a process that is now gearing up for 2010 's Fedora 13 release .
The recent Fedora 12 release was codenamed ' Constantine ' and the prior Fedora 11 release was called Leonidas .
The way the naming works is there is a certain relationship between the names .
According to Fedora :
" Leonidas -> Constantine -> < new name >?
Constantine is a < blank > , and so is < new name > .
The link between Leonidas and Constantine was ' both are
townships in St. Joseph County , Michigan , USA . '
The link between
Constantine and the new name must be different than that link , and different from any other previous link . "
Yeah , I know when I think of Leonidas and Constantine I think of the historical figures , not the township in Michigan .
So what will Fedora 13 be called ?
There are now 7 candidates that the Fedora community will vote on .
[ Image : ' Nawashi Murakawa 's Salon of Kinbaku ' by Armando ]
Why in adult life do I occasionally regret not having joined the Scouts ?
Dank church halls , dribbly children and Arkela out to feel your woggle .
When exactly would you regret missing that ?
I 'll tell you when .
When the woman you are with gives you a cheeky look in bed before getting up to fetch one of your ties from the wardrobe .
What can you say as she holds her hands behind her back ?
' Darling I never got my knot tying badge and in truth can barely tie my shoe .
I 've got this problem with left and right .
I tell everyone it's a sign of high IQ but it 's probably just spackiness . '
No you can't say that .
You smile rigidly and then attempt the total and embarrassing sham , failing to execute any kind of knot till eventually it descends into a diplomatic cuddle .
It was this kind of failure in mind that I decided to visit the London Festival of Japanese Rope Bondage .
Held in the Resistance Gallery over four days last week , the festival was a celebration of this artistic and highly visual form of ' rope play ' .
I had never attended a fetish event of any kind and was curious as hell to see what I would find .
However on the walk from the bus stop I got more and more nervous , my sense of liberal adventure dissolving with every step .
Worse still when I arrived there was a very ancient gent hovering outside .
He looked like every stereotype going - dressed in black , camera around his neck , a certain twinkle in his rheumy eye .
Most worryingly a dark , leather briefcase dangled from one hand .
' Is this the bondage event ? ' he asked the young woman who opened the door .
He went into the dark space beyond and despite all my pretence of cosmopolitan attitude I stood there and thought do I really want to follow him ?
Once inside he would certainly produce all sorts of horrors from that bag .
I pictured him waving a vast , wobbly double ender in one hand and stropping himself crazily with the other .
Eventually though I calmed down and went in .
What I found inside was fascinating .
Pictures of tied up women lined the walls , roped up dummies swung from the ceiling and at the front a very normal looking man was standing on stage holding up a rope .
[ Images : ' Festishista ' by Armando / ' Bonded Arms ' by Jamie McCarthy / ' Bondage Chair ' by Ben Newman / ' Shibari 1 ' by Finlay Cowan ]
' Can everyone do a basic wrist cuff ? '
The crowd collectively shook its head .
This evidently was the day of workshops I had come for .
The festival had kicked off with gallery showings and demonstrations but Saturday was bondage for beginners .
Just what I needed .
The problem was my rope partner for the day , RR 's lovely fashion blogger Naomi Thompson was late .
I could n't believe I had managed to rope her into it ( a ha ! ) so I could n't complain .
So after attempting a few lonesome slipknots I decided to look around .
I inspected those pictures on the walls , pert models covered in spidery , symmetrical ropes .
Saucy yes but with an undeniable , rather serious aesthetic of their own .
After that I inspected the crowd .
Less pert , less symmetrical but what a mixture !
Old , young , cool , square , fat , thin , couples , gay , disabled all merrily wrapping each other up and laughing when they got it wrong .
It was all rather civilised if not quite sanitised .
Occasionally the couples delivered furtive pats , there was a certain charge in the air .
It made me realise what an intimate , co-operative affair bondage has to be but it was never in your face .
That is until I went into the back yard .
La Thompson still had n't arrived so I decided to buy a cool beer from the bar and get some air .
I ducked through a door at the back of the gallery digging in man-bag to get at my phone .
A text had just arrived .
It was Thompson .
' What does one wear to a bondage class ? ' it said .
' I do n't know ! '
I thumbed back then looked up .
The small yard was lined with smokers , their heads turned to the back of the walled space where a frame stood , a metal hook hanging from it .
Everyone was silent and the only noise was that of a scratching pencil .
A man was sketching the scene .
Under the hook was a young , entirely naked woman .
She had jet black hair and was chatting away to the wiry fellow who was busily running cord around her hips .
My nice boy training kicked in and somewhat ludicrously I turned my back .
After a while though I felt bloody stupid and turned round .
Everyone else was looking and gawking was obviously expected .
I turned back to find the young lady suspended in the air with her legs forked and a peaceful look on her face .
This , it turned out , was entirely normal .
A queue formed , people throwing off robes and being trussed up by expert hands .
One young woman even tied herself up .
She was a ' self - suspender ' she told me as I watched her heave herself into the air .
I noticed she had a lot of bruises on her legs .
' Is that from bondage ? ' I asked .
' No . ' she told me , gently swinging from side to side .
' From moving furniture . '
I gazed on until I felt a tap on my shoulder and heard the immortal words ' I 've just been to Matalan to buy this outfit .
It was upsetting . '
Thompson had arrived .
We wondered around .
Thompson gamely talked to a number of the punters , one pink haired lady telling her ' rope was a beautiful experience . '
Well we thought let 's have a go .
Readers I tried but I failed so in the end we asked the man who had been taking the class to step in .
Zamil has a reputation as ' the best in the West ' , that is a man who is even respected in Japan as a master of the rope .
When we asked him if he could tie Naomi up he smiled and took her by the hand , leading her to the front of the gallery where he sat her down and asked if she had ever been tied up before .
She said no , clearly fibbing .
However I doubt if she has experienced anything like what happened next .
Master Zamil got up and came back with a vast number of ropes and set about turning Naomi into a living work of art .
A crowd formed as rope after rope went on .
[ Images : ' La Thompson ' by Patrick Hussey ]
Eventually the process was finished and Thompson was left looking like a cross between a Henry Moore and a Sunday joint .
After the ropes came off we headed for the back yard again and sat around talking to people .
Yes there was nudity , yes there were some extraordinary conversations going on but it all felt remarkably normal by then .
Indeed I even had a chat with the very man I 'd seen outside , the gent in black .
When he opened his bag at one point and I held my breath , but he produced nothing more sinister than sandwiches .
After a few more beers and a few more conversations I decided everyone was remarkably normal , they just liked being tied up and shortly after that it was time to leave .
Another class had started , a more advanced class and later was the after party , ' The Night of the Rope . '
I was n't sure I was ready for either to be honest .
Still all in all it was a fascinating experience and almost certainly a lot less pervy than the Scouts .
[ Images : courtesy of Bobette from londonfetishscene.com ]
[ Images : courtesy of Bobette from londonfetishscene.com ]
For more information on Zamil and Kinbaku click here
...
This report was
on
During his 36 - minute speech upon accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo , Norway Thursday , President Barack Obama explained to an audience of 1,000 how the United States has a " moral and strategic interest " in abiding by a code of conduct when waging war - even one that pits the US against a " vicious adversary that abides by no rules . "
" That is what makes us different from those whom we fight , " Obama said .
" That is a source of our strength .
That is why I prohibited torture .
That is why I ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed .
And that is why I have reaffirmed America 's commitment to abide by the Geneva Conventions .
We lose ourselves when we compromise the very ideals that we fight to defend .
And we honor those ideals by upholding them not just when it is easy , but when it is hard . "
Copyrighted Image ?
DMCA
Image : Jared Rodriguez / t r u t h o u t
Adapted From : buhsnarf , mokblog , yaniecks / flickr )
To many human rights advocates , however , Obama 's high - minded declaration rang hollow in light of fresh reports that his administration continues to operate secret prisons in Afghanistan where detainees have allegedly been tortured and where the International Committee for the Red Cross has been denied access to the prisoners .
Obama has substituted words for action on issues surrounding torture since his first days in office nearly one year ago .
Last June , on the 25th anniversary of the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment , Obama said the US government " must stand against torture wherever it takes place " and that his administration " is committed to taking concrete actions against torture and to address the needs of its victims . "
But it 's clear that his pledge does not apply to torture committed by Bush administration officials .
That 's the point the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) made shortly after Obama 's acceptance speech .
Officials from the civil rights organization issued a withering indictment of the Obama administration 's handling of clear - cut cases of war crimes they say were committed by former Bush officials who the Obama administration not only refuses to prosecute but has gone to extraordinary lengths to cover up .
" We 're increasingly disappointed and alarmed by the current administration 's stance on accountability for torture , " said Jameel Jaffer , director of the ACLU 's National Security Project , during a conference call with reporters .
" On every front , the [ Obama ] administration is actively obstructing accountability .
This administration is shielding Bush administration officials from civil liability , criminal investigation and even public scrutiny for their role in authorizing torture . "
Before leaving office , Dick Cheney said he approved waterboarding on at least three " high value " detainees and the " enhanced interrogation " of 33 other prisoners .
President Bush made a somewhat vaguer acknowledgement of authorizing these techniques .
The ACLU and other civil rights groups said Bush and Cheney 's comments amounted to an admission of war crimes .
Under the Convention Against Torture , the clear record that the Bush administration used waterboarding and other brutal techniques to extract information from detainees should have triggered the United States to conduct a full investigation and to prosecute the offenders .
In the case of the US 's refusal to do so , other nations would be obligated to act under the principle of universality .
But Jaffer said that while " the Bush administration constructed a legal framework for torture , now the Obama administration is constructing a legal framework for impunity . "
Defending John Yoo
Most U.S. citizens have been largely insulated from the daily impact of our country ’s wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Now , as the nation grapples with the Fort Hood tragedy , we may find we can no longer ignore the psychic burdens that our soldiers must bear .
Major Nidal Malik Hasan , believed to have killed 13 people and wounded more than 30 , is a psychiatrist who earned his medical degree from the Uniformed Services University in Bethesda , the Washington Post reports .
Over the past six years , he interned and served as a resident at Walter Reed Army Medical Center , where he was a liaison between wounded soldiers and psychiatry staff .
He was also a fellow at the Center of Traumatic Stress Study at Bethesda military school .
It ’s “ a hazy and contradictory picture , ” a team of Washington Post writers observe .
Major Hasan enlisted out of high school , “ received his medical training from the military , and spent his career in the Army , yet allegedly turned so violently against his uniformed colleagues . ”
But it may not be as contradictory as it seems .
“ Our troops do not enlist because they want to destroy or kill , ” Ed Tick writes in “ Sharing War ’s Burden , ” excerpted from Yes ! in the Sept. - Oct. 2008 Utne Reader .
Tick is a psychotherapist and the director of Soldier ’s Heart , a return and healing project for veterans .
Utne Reader named him a visionary in 2008 .
“ No matter the political climate , most troops seek to serve traditional warrior values : to protect the country they love , its ideals , and especially their families , communities , and each other . ”
- Advertisement -
He continues : “ In my work counseling veterans of several wars , I ’ve seen that PTSD is , in part , the tortured conscience of good people who did their best under conditions that would dehumanize anyone . ”
According to the New York Times , Major Hasan was “ mortified ” by the idea of having to deploy .
“ He had people telling him on a daily basis the horrors they saw over there , ” cousin Nader Hasan tells Times writer James Dao .
To put this burden in context , here ’s a passage from our March - April 2009 story “ The Life and Lonely Death of Noah Pierce , ” excerpted from Virginia Quarterly Review .
It chronicles an Iraq veteran ’s suicide :
Olivia Giles in hospital , shortly after losing her limbs , and pictured nearly eight years later at her home in Edinburgh
On " a very ordinary Thursday " in February 2002 , Olivia Giles ' life changed forever .
The lawyer from Edinburgh was so busy that she tried to block out the fact that she did not feel well .
" But I just remember becoming more and more conscious of my very cold hands and feet , " she said .
Olivia Giles goes to Malawi " And eventually , not being able to concentrate on what was in front of me . "
Within 24 hours , Olivia was unconscious and in intensive care .
She had contracted meningococcal septicaemia , a blood poisoning form of meningitis .
" I went into a coma and remained in a coma for four weeks while the medics fought to keep me alive , " she said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" And during that time my lower legs and lower arms had to be amputated in order to keep me alive . "
The 43 - year - old said she realised gradually that her limbs had been amputated , and went from living life at break - neck speed to taking one day at a time .
" What I did to allow myself to cope was to shut everything down to the four white walls around me and the single day ahead of me , " she said .
Olivia was given artificial legs three months after the amputation , and had a eureka moment during her physiotherapy .
She said : " One day , out in the corridor , I just thought ' wait a minute , I think I can do this ' .
" I got a little run of steps on my own and I suddenly knew it was going to be all right .
" I knew that I was going to have a life , be independent , walk out of that place and leave it all behind . "
' Some kind of curse ' Olivia did leave it all behind , and turned her life in a different direction by setting up a charity called 500 miles to help fellow amputees in Africa .
The continent is home to an estimated 60 million disabled people who are often marginalised because of a perception that disability is some kind of curse or witchcraft .
" I discovered that if people , particularly in Malawi and Zambia , lose a limb or use of a limb , their enjoyable quality of life is over if they do n't die , " she said .
" It was just so compelling .
A life with a makeshift wooden peg has finally come to an end " There is a need for prosthetics and orthotics all over Africa , but I chose Malawi because of its existing links with Scotland . "
Olivia threw herself into fundraising for the charity , and in co-operation with the Malawian Ministry of Health , officially opened the doors of a new orthopaedic clinic in the capital Lilongwe in March .
She said : " It feels unreal that this 500 miles clinic is operating already when I was first ever in Lilongwe in January 2008 .
" In the grand scheme of things it 's happened incredibly fast . "
Olivia has now extended her mission to Zambia , a country which has double the population of Scotland and where just under half of all households have a disabled family member .
" I noticed on the way from the airstrip , we passed lots of little groups of children playing by the roadside , " she said .
" I waved out a couple of them and basically they recoiled in horror at my no hands . "
Olivia enlisted the help of orthopaedic surgeon and pilot John Jellis
She enlisted the help of her friend , Professor John Jellis , an orthopaedic surgeon and pilot , to try to increase the number of artificial limbs available to people in rural areas of Zambia .
Her charity funds a workshop in the grounds of Mukinge hospital which makes prosthetics , and Prof Jellis - who founded the project Flyspec - flies to the most remote areas to fit them .
He operated on about 1,000 patients last year .
When they arrive at the hospital there is already a queue of people , some have been waiting for days .
She watches as one elderly man , who has endured the pain of a peg leg for years , is finally fitted with a prosthetic and tentatively takes his first steps .
" I 've been talking about these limbs being made and delivered remotely for such a long time that it has to be exciting to see it actually happening , " she said .
Africa 's Walk of Hope will be broadcast on BBC One Scotland at 1930 GMT on Monday 4 January .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Summary
Although 2009 was not an election year , it kept us exceptionally busy , and led to millions of visits to our site .
In this year - end summary , we offer some of the worst examples of the falsehoods we encountered during the first year of the Obama administration .
The list of howlers includes the false claim that the stimulus bill would dictate to doctors what procedures they can and can’t perform , and assertions that health care legislation would require seniors to get advice on how to commit suicide .
Democrats exaggerated the problems their legislation aims to fix — at one point Obama falsely accused an insurance company of being responsible for the death of an Illinois cancer patient .
We debunked claims that the “ swine flu ” vaccine had killed some U.S. sailors , and another claim that a bill passed by the House would require homeowners to make expensive energy - saving modifications to their homes before they would be allowed to sell them .
We dealt with false claims about levitating trains , “ green jobs , ” gun control and — still — Obama ’s place of birth .
If the year brought any signs that politicians as a class are getting any more truthful or less careless about their facts , we did n’t notice it .
For a quick and ( we hope ) entertaining review of a spin - filled year , please read on to our “ Analysis ” section .
Analysis
As in past years , our “ Whoppers ” article presents just a selection of what we consider our most important findings , with special emphasis on the misinformation being most heavily repeated during the year .
We do n’t attempt to assign rankings to particular claims — your opinion is as good as ours when it comes to deciding whether one falsehood is worse than another .
So here ’s a selection of the bogus bits that stood out .
We start with what we judge to be the most heavily misrepresented subject of all , health care legislation .
Conservatives : Pulling the Plug on Grandma
“ Death Panels ” The “ pulling the plug on grandma ” falsehood really took off once former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin coined the term “ Death Panel , ” but this falsehood got its first push from former New York lieutenant governor and health care overhaul opponent Betsy McCaughey .
She misrepresented a provision ( since dropped ) that merely called for Medicare to pay for voluntary counseling sessions to help seniors make end - of - life care decisions , such as designating a health care proxy , choosing a hospice or writing a living will .
McCaughey twisted that into “ a required counseling session ” that would “ tell them how to end their life sooner . ”
Palin later wrote on her Facebook page that she does n’t want government bureaucrats to decide whether her parents or child with Down Syndrome are “ worthy of health care . ”
Who would ?
Certainly not legislators , who did n’t call for the creation of any such “ Death Panel ” in the health care bills .
“ False Euthanasia Claims , ” July 29 ; “ Palin vs. Obama : Death Panels , ” Aug. 14 ; ” ‘ SpotCheck.org ’ ?
We Disagree . ” Aug. 25
The “ pulling the plug on grandma ” falsehood really took off once former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin coined the term “ Death Panel , ” but this falsehood got its first push from former New York lieutenant governor and health care overhaul opponent Betsy McCaughey .
She misrepresented a provision ( since dropped ) that merely called for Medicare to pay for voluntary counseling sessions to help seniors make end - of - life care decisions , such as designating a health care proxy , choosing a hospice or writing a living will .
McCaughey twisted that into “ a required counseling session ” that would “ tell them how to end their life sooner . ”
Palin later wrote on her Facebook page that she does n’t want government bureaucrats to decide whether her parents or child with Down Syndrome are “ worthy of health care . ”
Who would ?
Certainly not legislators , who did n’t call for the creation of any such “ Death Panel ” in the health care bills .
“ False Euthanasia Claims , ” July 29 ; “ Palin vs. Obama : Death Panels , ” Aug. 14 ; ” ‘ SpotCheck.org ’ ?
We Disagree . ” Aug. 25 Socialized Medicine : Several groups and politicians claimed that the major health care bills in Congress called for a single - payer system like Canada ’s , under which all citizens have health insurance provided by the government , or even a system like Britain ’s , where doctors and hospitals are employed by the government .
The truth is that none of the major bills that were debated in Congress called for such a drastic change to the U.S. system , much to the chagrin of single - payer advocates .
“ Government - Run Health Care ? ” April 30 ; “ Canadian Straw Man , ” July 17 ; “ The Government - Run Mantra , ” Nov. 6
: Several groups and politicians claimed that the major health care bills in Congress called for a single - payer system like Canada ’s , under which all citizens have health insurance provided by the government , or even a system like Britain ’s , where doctors and hospitals are employed by the government .
The truth is that none of the major bills that were debated in Congress called for such a drastic change to the U.S. system , much to the chagrin of single - payer advocates .
“ Government - Run Health Care ? ” April 30 ; “ Canadian Straw Man , ” July 17 ; “ The Government - Run Mantra , ” Nov. 6 Dictating to Doctors : McCaughey falsely claimed that the stimulus bill ( passed in February ) required that doctors follow government orders on which medical procedures can and ca n’t be performed .
It did n’t .
All the bill really did was create a council on “ comparative effectiveness research , ” which examines which treatments or drugs work best or are most cost - effective .
It said none of the council ’s reports or recommendations “ shall be construed as mandates or clinical guidelines for payment , coverage , or treatment . ”
“ Doctor ’s Orders ? ” Feb. 20 .
McCaughey falsely claimed that the stimulus bill ( passed in February ) required that doctors follow government orders on which medical procedures can and ca n’t be performed .
It did n’t .
All the bill really did was create a council on “ comparative effectiveness research , ” which examines which treatments or drugs work best or are most cost - effective .
It said none of the council ’s reports or recommendations “ shall be construed as mandates or clinical guidelines for payment , coverage , or treatment . ”
“ Doctor ’s Orders ? ” Feb. 20 .
Breast Cancer Massacre : One TV spot claimed that “ 300,000 American women with breast cancer might have died ” if our health care system was like England ’s .
The ad ’s conservative sponsor cited the American Cancer Society as a source , but the cancer society never used such a number and an ACS epidemiologist called the ad sponsor ’s calculations “ really faulty . ”
“ A False Appeal to Women ’s Fears , ” Sept. 4
One TV spot claimed that “ 300,000 American women with breast cancer might have died ” if our health care system was like England ’s .
The ad ’s conservative sponsor cited the American Cancer Society as a source , but the cancer society never used such a number and an ACS epidemiologist called the ad sponsor ’s calculations “ really faulty . ”
“ A False Appeal to Women ’s Fears , ” Sept. 4 “ 26 Lies ” E-mail : Judging from our editor inbox , one of the most widely circulated chain e-mails of 2009 was a lengthy list of 48 claims about specific sections of the House health care bill , complete with page numbers .
We combed through every item and found that only four were true , 26 were false and the rest were misleading .
At one point the author claimed that the bill contained “ more payoffs for ACORN . ”
But ACORN has nothing to do with the medical home services funded by the bill .
The author also claimed that illegal aliens “ will be provided with free healthcare services , ” misrepresenting a provision that simply prohibits discrimination in health care based on “ personal characteristics . ”
“ Twenty - six Lies About H.R. 3200 , ” Aug. 28
Liberals : Killer Insurance Companies
The more colorful claims about health care may have come from the right , but the left made false and misleading statements , too , in touting the legislation .
The highlights , so to speak :
False Fingerpointing : Obama falsely claimed that an insurance company was responsible for the death of an Illinois cancer patient whose coverage was canceled because he had n’t reported gallstones .
“ They delayed his treatment , ” Obama said , “ and he died because of it . ”
Not true .
As the Chicago Sun-Times ‘ Lynn Sweet reported , Otto Raddatz of Downers Grove , Ill. , did have his insurance canceled by Fortis Insurance Co. , but the coverage was reinstated in April 2005 and his chemotherapy went forward after only a brief delay .
Raddatz lived for nearly another four years and died early this year .
Obama got this whopper from an online magazine article ; the author later admitted jumping to a wrong conclusion .
“ Sweet : Another Stretch by Obama , ” Sept. 13 ; “ Too Good to Check ? ” Sept. 18
Obama falsely claimed that an insurance company was responsible for the death of an Illinois cancer patient whose coverage was canceled because he had n’t reported gallstones .
“ They delayed his treatment , ” Obama said , “ and he died because of it . ”
Not true .
As the Chicago Sun-Times ‘ Lynn Sweet reported , Otto Raddatz of Downers Grove , Ill. , did have his insurance canceled by Fortis Insurance Co. , but the coverage was reinstated in April 2005 and his chemotherapy went forward after only a brief delay .
Raddatz lived for nearly another four years and died early this year .
Obama got this whopper from an online magazine article ; the author later admitted jumping to a wrong conclusion .
“ Sweet : Another Stretch by Obama , ” Sept. 13 ; “ Too Good to Check ? ” Sept. 18 Double Trouble : Obama exaggerated by at least a factor of two when he said that health care “ causes a bankruptcy in America every 30 seconds . ”
And we ’ve noticed the claim popping up elsewhere , such as , believe it or not , in a new iPhone app .
But data from the U.S. Courts showed about 934,000 total personal bankruptcies in the 12 - month period ending June 2008 .
Even if we accept a Harvard study ’s conclusion that half of bankruptcies are related to medical expenses — and some have criticized that study — that would still be only one health care bankruptcy every minute .
“ Fact - Checking Obama ’s Speech , ” Feb. 25 .
Obama exaggerated by at least a factor of two when he said that health care “ causes a bankruptcy in America every 30 seconds . ”
And we ’ve noticed the claim popping up elsewhere , such as , believe it or not , in a new iPhone app .
But data from the U.S. Courts showed about 934,000 total personal bankruptcies in the 12 - month period ending June 2008 .
Even if we accept a Harvard study ’s conclusion that half of bankruptcies are related to medical expenses — and some have criticized that study — that would still be only one health care bankruptcy every minute .
“ Fact - Checking Obama ’s Speech , ” Feb. 25 .
Puffed - up Premiums :
We twice caught Obama saying that the “ average American family is paying thousands ” or “ a thousand dollars ” in health insurance premiums to pay for uncompensated care for the uninsured .
But he used a figure from a group that lobbies for expanded coverage .
Nonpartisan experts at the Kaiser Family Foundation put the figure much lower — about $ 200 .
“ Obama ’s Health Care Claims , ” June 16 and “ Obama ’s Health Care News Conference , ” July 23
We twice caught Obama saying that the “ average American family is paying thousands ” or “ a thousand dollars ” in health insurance premiums to pay for uncompensated care for the uninsured .
But he used a figure from a group that lobbies for expanded coverage .
Nonpartisan experts at the Kaiser Family Foundation put the figure much lower — about $ 200 .
“ Obama ’s Health Care Claims , ” June 16 and “ Obama ’s Health Care News Conference , ” July 23 Saving $ 2,500 : Obama repeated his claim that the average family could save $ 2,500 a year under health care overhaul legislation .
We picked apart his optimistic calculations during the 2008 presidential campaign , but he repeated the claim as recently as May 17 , saying that “ comprehensive reform ” and some other private sector measures could save “ $ 2,500 per family every year . ”
Since then we have n’t heard much about this .
His claim is not supported by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , which estimated that under the Senate bill ( as introduced ) , there would n’t be much of a reduction at all .
Those with coverage from large employers would see premium reductions of 0 percent to 3 percent , with the average family premium costing $ 20,300 in 2016 , CBO said .
And for those buying their own insurance in the nongroup market , CBO estimated that nongroup premiums actually would go up .
That increase would be more than offset by new taxpayer subsidies for most policyholders — but not for all .
“ Seven Falsehoods About Health Care , ” Aug. 14
A Pandemic of Falsehoods
Dangerous Vaccine : Like the fears that H1N1 flu ( or “ swine flu ” ) would rival the 1918 flu pandemic in severity , the rumors about the dangers of the H1N1 vaccine fizzled pretty quickly — but not before we encountered numerous false claims about dangers supposedly posed by the vaccine .
One e-mailed rumor even called it a government “ depopulation ” plot .
Another claimed that sailors on a U.S. Navy vessel caught the flu from the vaccine , and some died .
In fact , nobody died and none of the sailors had even been vaccinated — the vaccine was not available at the time .
Yet another claimed that the vaccine contains squalene and that the ingredient causes Gulf War syndrome .
But in fact the American vaccine does n’t have any squalene in it , and the link to Gulf War syndrome is , to say the least , tenuous .
( It was based on a study of 38 soldiers vaccinated for anthrax who later contracted Gulf War syndrome , but it turned out that the vaccine they received had contained no squalene . )
“ Inoculation Misinformation , ” Oct. 19
Mandatory Inoculations : Equally widespread were claims of a government scheme to force people to get vaccinations or risk being put in quarantine camps .
Obviously , that has n’t happened .
New
York state required health care workers to get the flu vaccine , though it later suspended that requirement .
Some panic - mongering e-mails misrepresented legislation being considered in Massachusetts , which would have given authorities power to isolate flu victims in quarantine in case of a health care emergency .
But even this bill stated very clearly that nobody would be required to get the vaccine .
“ Swine Flu Emergency ? , ” Nov. 5
Environmental Errors
This was also a big year for rumors about climate change and the legislation proposed to deal with it .
We found whoppers on both sides .
Inflated Cost Claims :
The GOP drastically overstated how much proposed cap - and - trade legislation would affect the average family ’s energy costs —
Republicans said costs would increase by $ 3,100 a year , more than twice the estimate of the conservative Heritage Foundation .
On NBC ’s “ Meet the Press , ” House Minority Leader John Boehner cited a figure closer to the Heritage Foundation ’s estimate — $ 1,700 per year — attributing it to the Treasury Department .
But that number really came from a back - of - envelope calculation by a CBS News blogger .
The Treasury Department has called the figure “ flat - out wrong , ” and the Congressional Budget Office ’s much lower estimate is $ 455 per year over the 2012 - 2050 period .
“ Cap and Trade Cost Inflation , ” May 28 ; “ Boehner and the Cost of Cap and Trade , ” Sept. 22
Dueling Job Claims : Both sides tossed around misleading job claims .
Proponents said cap - and - trade legislation would create 1.7 million new “ green ” jobs , while critics said higher energy prices would crush the economy and kill 2.4 million jobs .
The truth is that career economists at the Energy Information Administration expect a net job loss , but probably in the range of hundreds of thousands , not millions .
“ Cap - and - trade : ‘ Green Jobs ’ or Job Killer ? , ” Oct. 27
Home Sales : House Republican Leader Boehner and radio host Rush Limbaugh both claimed that the House legislation required home owners to have an “ energy audit ” or “ survey ” conducted before they could sell their homes .
Such claims quickly became a chain e-mail and morphed into the assertion that home owners would need a “ license ” to sell their homes .
None of that is true .
The bill does set new efficiency standards for new residential and commercial construction — but not existing homes .
“ Energy Bill and Existing Homes , ” July 20
Stimulating Discussion
Floating Falsehoods : House and Senate Republicans told lots of whoppers about the $ 787 billion stimulus bill as it was being considered in February , falsely claiming that it contained funds specifically intended for golf carts , butterfly parks , water slides and other projects not in the bill .
The worst of these GOP howlers was a claim that the bill had $ 8 billion for a “ levitating train ” to Disneyland .
In fact , not a dime of the money was earmarked for the proposed 300 - mph “ maglev ” bullet train between Anaheim , Calif. , and Las Vegas , still little more than a pipe dream .
The administration later directed the $ 8 billion to 10 passenger routes using more conventional technology .
“ GOP Stimulus Myths , ” Feb. 24 .
Phantom Districts : Democrats had their own problems with stimulus facts .
The administration ’s Recovery.gov
Web site reported that the spending bill was funding any number of jobs in nonexistent congressional districts .
“ Real Jobs , Fake Districts ? ” Nov. 18
The Web site was so ridden with errors that Earl Devaney , the Obama - appointed watchdog in charge of monitoring stimulus spending , admitted to Congress that the White House had been too quick to take credit for saving or creating 640,000 jobs .
“ Recovery Stats Get Rougher , ” Nov. 19 ( The Congressional Budget Office later estimated that the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act brought about an additional 600,000 to 1.6 million jobs than would have been the case without the law , but that does n’t solve the problems with the data being reported on Recovery .gov . )
Born to Seize Guns ?
False claims abounded about Obama ’s birth , and about his policies toward guns .
Birth Pains :
It was a bad year for diehards pressing their groundless claims that Obama was not born in the U.S.A and thus not qualified to be president .
A federal judge fined lawyer Orly Taitz $ 20,000 for making frivolous claims and wasting the court ’s time .
( She ’s appealing . )
An April Fools ’ hoax — falsely claiming that old college records showed Obama got a scholarship as a “ foreign ” student — is still circulating by e-mail and taking in the gullible .
“ Was Obama Born in the USA ? ” May 7 , 2009
Gun Guff :
The year brought a torrent of false claims spread by gun fanciers convinced that Obama was moving to restrict their rights .
One focused on a gun-registration bill that in truth has a single sponsor and no sign of White House support .
“ Gun Control , ” Feb. 29 .
Another claimed that Obama is pushing to impose a $ 50 tax on all privately owned guns and to force owners to report their weapons on their income - tax forms ( but the claim referred to a bill that died years earlier , in a previous Congress ) .
“ Privately Owned Gun Tax ? , ” June 7 .
Yet another claimed the administration had shut down a Georgia ammunition supplier by cutting off supplies of spent military cartridges used for re-loading .
Casings were cut off as the result of an anti-terrorism regulation with its origins in the Bush administration .
The policy was quickly reversed by Obama ’s Pentagon officials .
“ Georgia Arms , ” June 4 .
That ’s it for 2009 .
If your favorite whopper did n’t make our list , drop us a note at Editor@ factcheck.org and tell us what you would have included .
We ’ll consider including it in a special “ mailbag ” next month .
— by Lori Robertson , Brooks Jackson and Jess Henig
Clarification , Jan. 5 : In the “ 26 lies ” section we originally identified the author of the chain e-mail as “ a conservative blogger . ”
The blogger who originated many of the claims denies that he authored the e-mail itself .
Update : Check out the Great Australian Internet Blackout project … now we ’re getting serious about online / offline protests ! 🙂
Please , black out your website and online profile images in protest against the Australian Government ’s Internet Filtering policy .
Why ?
It may seem cheesy to turn your website or avatar black for an online protest , but it can form a part of a good online and offline campaign , particularly for Internet - related protests .
Many of my friends in New Zealand turned their websites and online profile images black to protest a proposed “ guilt upon accusation ” copyright law ( Section 92A ) , providing massive online “ Internet Blackout ” support to the Creative Freedom campaign .
I , and plenty of others around the world , also participated .
The most important bit : New Zealand media took notice , bringing a level of awareness to an Internet / copyright / online rights issue that would otherwise never have materialised .
Ultimately , the new government chose to review the entire bill , and while the issue is still being fought , at least one battle was won … and now , there are more people informed about the issue to fight ACTA .
Now it ’s Australia ’s turn .
Our current ( otherwise pretty bloody sensible ) government has adopted a terrible policy of mandatory Internet filtering , which Australians have been fighting against for many , many months .
A technical report about the feasibility of the filter has just been released , which ( on first glance ) appears to validate the policy against technical challenges , and the government has announced that it is pursuing the policy to legislation .
Now , I ’m not suggesting that turning stuff black will have a direct impact on government policy …
However , I am suggesting that we can use broad - based online protest to increase awareness of the problem , and help those attempting to fight the good fight offline .
If Sunrise ( a breakfast news show in Australia ) or other news outlets note that “ Australians are turning out the lights in protest against the government ’s Internet filter ” , that ’s awareness value we ’d never be able to raise by , say , marching in the streets .
If it causes Tony Jones or Leigh Sales to ask a government minister why Australians are so upset about this policy , that ’s incredibly worthy opinion - leader influence … and very likely cringe - worthy interview fodder . 🙂
So yes , blacking out your websites and online profile images alone would be tilting at windmills .
But as an online component of a complete No Clean Feed campaign … very useful .
For my readers who are not in Australia … consider how this western , English - speaking democratic country might be the thin end of the wedge — that ’s why I supported my New Zealand friends against S92A .
Please participate , and support Australians in their embarrassment about this terrible Internet policy !
Remember :
This is only useful as part of a broader campaign to raise awareness of the issue and pressure politicians to put a stop to this filter .
Go to the EFA ’s No Clean Feed site for all kinds of other things you can do .
The best thing ?
Write in your own words by snail mail , call by telephone or meet with your local MP .
#nocleanfeed
How ?
The easy Twitter option :
Use Twibbon to put a #nocleanfeed blackout layer on your avatar .
More creative options …
You could start with some handy templates I have made :
With layers : PSD for Photoshop · XCF for GIMP
Modifying your avatar , if you ’re au fait with Photoshop or The GIMP :
Download the PSD for Photoshop or XCF for The GIMP Copy your existing avatar into a new layer Move that layer between the #nocleanfeed and Background layers Desaturate the coloured avatar layer ( so it ’s just black and white )
Set that layer to between 30 % and 50 % transparent Flatten the image ( combine all the layers )
Save it as a PNG or JPEG , ready to use on Twitter , Facebook , or… wherever 🙂
On Twitter :
Download the blank image or modify one of the templates above Make sure you ’re logged in at twitter .com Click “ Settings ” in the menu at the top right of the page Click “ Picture ” in the links under your current avatar Click “ Choose File ” and select your blacked out avatar Click “ Save ” and you ’re done .
On Facebook :
Download the blank image or modify one of the templates above Make sure you ’re logged in at www.facebook.com
Click your name , next to “ Settings ” in the menu at the top right of the page
Move your mouse over your current avatar and click “ Change Picture ” Click “ Upload a Picture ” in the drop - down menu Click “ Choose File ” and select your blacked out avatar Wait for your photo to upload , and you ’re done
On Gravatar ( for blogs and lots of other websites ) :
The very ideas that clashed with Republican and Democratic leaders when Congressman Ron Paul ran as a GOP presidential candidate won cheers from the more than 1,000 people listening to him speak at Arizona State University on Friday .
Young Americans for Liberty , a group that originated as a national network of college students supporting Paul 's 2008 presidential bid , invited the Texas congressman to speak at ASU .
Paul said he accepted the invitation because he enjoys addressing a young generation of voters and because of his fondness for Arizona , where he said the " Ron Paul Revolution " originated .
The grass - roots movement used non-traditional tactics , plastering homemade banners and signs on freeways and street lamps , to promote Paul 's campaign to a wider audience when the candidate struggled to compete with Republican and Democrat nominees .
During Friday 's speech , Paul acknowledged the trouble he had legitimizing his campaign .
" We send our kids over to die to protect democracy , but at the same time it 's hard to compete ( politically ) in our own country , " he said .
That barrier is crumbling , though , and support for his ideas is building , he said , as a growing number of voters are frustrated with the major parties ' handling of the economy and military combat in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" Our views are getting attention now because there is an obvious failure of the financial ( system ) . . . and our foreign policy , " said Paul , who has advocated dismantling the U.S. Federal Reserve .
" It 's time . . . to bring our troops home and mind our own business .
The public 's with us in auditing the Federal Reserve . "
Lambasting Democrats , Paul said he would be accused of being " coldhearted " for not supporting their social - welfare programs .
" Why in the world would we allow our government . . . to redistribute the wealth ? " he argued .
" Just think if everybody took care of themselves and everybody helped their family . "
Without missing a beat , he took a swing at Republicans , too .
" Another group , " he told the crowd , thinks you can't be trusted to make your own decisions .
" You might end up smoking , drinking or gambling , " he said .
" You might have to tolerate people .
They might have religious values that are different . . . sexual ( orientations ) that are different .
" But we 'll let them do it ! "
Paul shouted , as the crowd yelled in support .
" The solution . . . is freedom of the individual . . . and respect and confidence that does work . "
While Paul sounded like he was giving a campaign speech , in an interview with The Arizona Republic , he refused to commit himself to a 2012 presidential run .
But he acknowledged the buzz his undeclared run is getting as the Republican Party struggles with an ideological split and the Democrat administration is being blamed for a slow economic recovery .
If the U.S continued to suffer financially , he said , he would " have a hard time not speaking out about it " come election time .
A 2012 Ron Paul ticket is exactly what the hundreds of young and older Republicans , Democrats , Libertarians and independentsin Friday 's audience are hoping for .
The strategic importance of these objectives is not in doubt .
The question is whether they are attainable , and whether an increased troop commitment in Afghanistan will do much to advance them .
The Islamabad government sincerely , even passionately , wants the United States and its allies to continue their Afghan campaign .
But among Pakistan ’s vast population , the West is much more unpopular  indeed , hated  than it was in 2006 or , for that matter , 2001 .
There is a danger that the surge will intensify that popular alienation , further fueling Islamic extremism and thus terrorism .
Little progress can be made toward regional stability without reducing tensions between Pakistan and India .
India ’s dalliance with the Afghan government , which has been given hundreds of millions of dollars in Indian aid , has increased the deep paranoia of the Pakistani Army and intelligence service .
The status quo will only lead powerful elements of Pakistan ’s security forces to continue to support Islamic militants as proxies against India .
Few responsible participants in the Afghan drama , even the most pessimistic , urge a precipitate withdrawal .
We are too deeply committed for that .
What seems important is to recognize that politics and diplomacy are the fundamentals , though they cannot progress unless security improves .
Even the most limited stabilization program will founder unless all the regional powers , including Iran , become parties to it .
It is difficult to imagine that the Karzai administration can raise its game sufficiently to gain a popular mandate strong enough to stop the Taliban .
President Obama said on Tuesday , “ Unlike Vietnam , we are not facing a broad - based popular insurgency . ”
Yes , the Taliban command limited support , and have relatively few hard - core fighters .
But many Afghans , especially Pashtuns , unite in dislike both for the Western “ occupiers ” and the Kabul regime .
Progress depends , as General McChrystal seems to recognize , on reaching accommodations with the tribes from the bottom up , not the top down .
The smartest surge will be one of cash payments to local leaders .
You can buy a lot of Afghans for a small fraction of the cost of deploying a Marine company .
Perhaps the greatest problem for Western policymakers is that Taliban leaders watch CNN and Al Jazeera .
They know that the British public has turned against the war , probably irrevocably , and that American opinion is deeply divided .
They believe they have more patience than us , and they may be right .
The president ’s troop surge was perhaps politically inescapable .
But any chance of salvaging a minimally acceptable outcome hinges not on what American and allied soldiers can do on the battlefield , but on putting together a coherent political strategy .
Mr. Obama ’s speech represented a gesture to his generals rather than a convincing path to success in Afghanistan .
This post announces my ( William Connolley ’s ) departure from RealClimate , and indeed from the professional climate field in general , in favour of the wide world of Cambridge software engineering .
I ’ve enjoyed my time with ( Real ) Climate , but now its time to move on .
Normally the career change of one minor scientist would be of little interest to the outside world , and perhaps this one will be too , but the climate arena does get rather highly charged .
So perhaps a few words of explanation are in order .
This does n’t represent any disenchantment on my part with the state of the science , or with IPCC , or with RealClimate – all of which continue to have my respect .
I ’m sure that RealClimate will continue to deserve its high reputation as a source of accessible explanation and comment on important climate issues .
It ’s more a reverse of that – in some senses , much of the main areas of climate science have now become much clearer than when I began to be interested ; the obstacles to progress are now very obviously political not scientific .
I expect to continue my ( now amateur ) interest in climate ; my pet blog will remain at least for a while – feel free to join me there .
Interpreting Your Emotions Through The Mount Of Venus
The Mount of Venus is located at the base of the thumb .
In palmistry , this space between the wrist and the base of the thumb is associated with that part of the brain which determines the relationships and attraction between humans .
Such relationships mainly include emotions of sympathy , sex and love .
According to the basic theories of palmistry , only people with a prominent Mount of Venus are fully capable of understanding , appreciating and enjoying the various happenings that take place around the world .
Most people , who have this mount on their palms , are very civilized , strikingly beautiful in appearance and respected by all .
In addition , these people are also known for their courage , health and ability to influence others .
If the Mount of Venus is well - developed , it denotes a generous , engaging and warm person who leads a socially active life .
A well - developed mount may also indicate an intense attraction to the members of the opposite sex and a fervent love of art , beauty and nature .
If the mount features little , criss - crossing lines , it represents a person who can be extremely passionate .
If the Mount of Venus is over - developed , it indicates an awfully greedy person who never seems satisfied with any amount of worldly pleasures .
This person may also be an atheist with absolutely no belief in God .
Such a person can also be licentious with a never - ending desire for members of the opposite sex .
People are readily attracted to this person due to his brilliant nature and handsome looks .
However , this person may often suffer from various diseases of the throat .
If the Mount of Venus appears flat or less prominent , it denotes a selfish and cold person with no passion or vitality .
It may also indicate a weak and cowardly person who lacks confidence .
If the Mount of Venus is absent on the palm , it indicates a person who prefers to lead life as an ascetic .
Such a person will have no interest in maintaining familial ties .
In addition , the person will have to face lots of hardships and troubles in his life .
Lispy versus …
Occasionally , some confusion arises over how Lispy compares to other Common Lisp projects or technologies .
Please note any inaccuracies below to the Lispy mailing list so that they may be corrected .
ASDF
ASDF is to library what Lispy is to library management .
An ASDF file includes meta data on other ASDF systems , but ASDF provides no mechanism to resolve or integrate those dependencies .
Lispy is designed to provide the infrastructure and plumbing necessary for Common Lisp library integration .
Lispy configures an ASDF registry ( namely , the special variable asdf:* central - registry * ) for the libraries you have installed through Lispy .
Lispy is therefore not required at runtime at all .
See also asdf - config.lisp , generated by Lispy and stored in your Lispy installation directory .
ASDF - Install
ASDF - Install builds upon ASDF to provide Common Lisp library integration .
ASDF - Install relies on CLiki ( the Common Lisp Wiki ) for resolution of Common Lisp libraries .
ASDF - Install uses GnuPG to establish the authenticity of downloaded archives .
ASDF - Install works well , however there are some inconveniences that Lispy tries to address :
Libraries are typically updated independently so there is no coherent idea of a working set of dependencies .
Library archives can vanish .
Because ASDF - Install , through CLiki , references the library author 's project for the actual stored location of archives , CLiki is vulnerable to outages on the library authors ' side ( e.g. temporary missing , or lapsed domain name registrations ) .
Lispy keeps archives in a central location on common - lisp.
net Individual signing of archives using the OpenPGP standards .
In order to benefit from archive signatures , one must establish a web of trust with the signer .
This is typically done by verifying the authenticity of the signer 's key by contacting them .
This can be difficult to achieve when there are several dozen library authors .
Lispy uses one signing key to establish that the map of libraries can be trusted .
LibCL
LibCL provides a large collection of ready - to - use Common Lisp libraries in a monolithic download and a single path containing symlinks of their ASDF definition files .
Therefore installation is very simple .
Each release also represents a coherent set of libraries .
Lispy itself only contains the dependencies it needs to bootstrap itself .
Every other library is installed dynamically using Lispy 's high level list - available / install / upgrade commands .
There is no difference between libraries you install with Lispy and the library dependencies Lispy comes with .
cl-librarian
cl - librarian as well as several other Common Lisp library management systems are able to install libraries directly from their source code repositories .
Lispy tries to deal with released project archives , or reluctantly creates archives in the case of no released project archives for the few rare projects which do not make releases .
Certainly there is the potential to have an always up - to - date collection of installed libraries using the source code repository approach .
The disadvantages include :
Things may break from time to time
Repositories may become unavailable depending on infrastructure .
Heavy external program dependencies ( e.g. svn , git , cvs clients ) .
cl - librarian uses a nifty Lisp DSL for describing libraries .
cl - librarian does not currently support authenticity checking .
clbuild
clbuild is essentially a large shell script and an external projects .
txt containing the description of Common Lisp library locations .
Like cl- librarian , clbuild is designed to work with source code repositories directly and has the same advantages and disadvantages .
Repo-install
TBD .
Distributions ( GNU / Linux , FreeBSD etc. )
Some distributions such as Gentoo Linux , Debian and FreeBSD include distribution packages for Common Lisp libraries .
Typically , these distributions build upon ASDF and manage an ASDF central registry .
Some include support for the Common Lisp Controller .
In general a distributions ' packages are not portable between platforms .
Distributions do tend to support code authenticity well ( via the same , well established , approaches used for the rest of the distribution 's packages ) .
Lispbox
Lisp in a Box
STARTER -PACK
These are essentially monolithic re-packagings of many Common Lisp libraries .
They share some of the same qualities as LibCL .
The United States will launch a new effort to track down Osama bin Laden who is believed to be hiding in the mountains along the Afghan - Pakistan border , a senior US official said on Sunday .
Intelligence reports suggest the Al - Qaeda chief “ is somewhere inside north Waziristan , sometimes on the Pakistani side of the border , sometimes on the Afghan side of the border , ” said national security adviser James Jones .
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked if President Barack Obama ’s administration planned a fresh attempt to go after Al - Qaeda ’s leader , Jones said : “ I think so . ”
Bin Laden was a “ very important symbol of what Al - Qaeda stands for ” and it was crucial to make sure he was on the run or captured , Jones , a retired Marine general , told CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” program .
His comment that Bin Laden sometimes crossed to the Afghan side of the mountainous border contrasted with previous accounts from US officials that suggested the Al - Qaeda chief was hiding in Pakistan .
Despite the vow to track down Bin Laden , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Sunday that intelligence agencies did not know where the Al - Qaeda leader was and had lacked reliable information on his whereabouts for years .
“ We do n’t know for a fact where Osama bin Laden is .
If we did , we ’d go get him , ” Gates , a former CIA director , told ABC News ’
“ This Week . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Al - Qaeda network leader is seen as the chief mastermind of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 on New York and Washington that killed nearly 3,000 people .
US government officials have named Bin Laden and the Al - Qaeda network as the prime suspects in the attacks and offered a 50 million dollar reward , but for more than eight years Bin Laden has avoided capture .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday it was “ important ” to capture or kill Bin Laden and other Al - Qaeda figures but told NBC that “ certainly you can make enormous progress absent ( without ) that . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A Senate report released last week said Bin Laden was “ within the grasp ” of American forces in late 2001 in Afghanistan but escaped because then - defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld rejected calls for reinforcements .
In making the case last week for surging 30,000 additional troops into Afghanistan , Obama and his deputies have argued the Taliban are colluding with Bin Laden ’s network and therefore containing the Afghan insurgents is vital to defeating Al - Qaeda .
ADVERTISEMENT
The administration has also warned that a victory for the Taliban in Afghanistan could destabilize its nuclear - armed neighbor Pakistan .
Washington has pressed Islamabad to crack down on Taliban and Al - Qaeda strongholds inside its territory and top US officials on Sunday praised Pakistan for launching a military campaign against militants .
But the US special representative to the region , Richard Holbrooke , said Islamabad so far had only targeted insurgents launching attacks inside Pakistan and not the distinct Afghan Taliban leadership using its territory to fight the Kabul government and NATO - led troops across the border .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It is an unfortunate but unavoidable fact that those military offensives … were directed against the Taliban that were are focused on Pakistan , not the Taliban who are focused on Afghanistan , ” Holbrooke told CNN .
“ That ’s one of the main issues that we have been talking to our friends in Pakistan about . ”
Washington has stepped up a bombing campaign against Al - Qaeda leaders in Pakistan using unmanned aircraft , an operation that US officials decline to discuss publicly .
The New York Times reported last week that the White House had granted authority to the Central Intelligence Agency to expand the air strikes in Pakistan to coincide with Obama ’s Afghan war strategy .
ADVERTISEMENT
US officials were also talking with Islamabad about using the drones to strike in Baluchistan — a vast region outside of the tribal areas that borders Afghanistan and Iran — where Afghan Taliban leaders are reportedly hiding , the Times reported .
Gates said Sunday that US forces would not pursue Taliban leaders in Pakistan and that it was up to the Pakistani military to tackle the militants .
Stubbornly refusing to believe in Christmas , and to be separated from his inexhaustible wealth , the Victorian money lender and parsimonious recluse , Ebenezer Scrooge ( Alastair Sim ) , ca n't be bothered with the poor and destitute at the most festive time of the year .
Intent on spending the holy night alone , instead , the sceptical curmudgeon is visited by an unexpected and sympathetic friend , Jacob Marley ( Sir Michael Hordern ) , who will pave the way for the inevitable visitation of the otherworldly spirits of Christmas Past ( Michael Dolan ) , Present ( Francis De Wolff ) , and Yet to Come ( Czeslaw Konarski ) .
But , what do the pale ghosts want ?
Can a wicked old miser admit the error in his ways , and embrace change ?
In the end , is Scrooge ready to love and be loved ?
Written by Nick Riganas
How much does it cost ?
We offer prices which are simple to understand , all - inclusive , and among the lowest in the industry , starting at just $ 9.99 per reel .
Using patented equipment , we are able to transfer 8 mm to DVD or digital files with impeccable quality , resulting in a very high resolution picture which is free of flicker , hotspots , and halos , and it is evenly lit and focused .
Learn More >
How long does it take ?
We have a quick and efficient turnaround time of about 6 business days from the time we receive an order until we ship it back out .
( please note turnaround times may be extended due to Covid - 19 ) Just8 mm.com represents the best combination of value , quality , and service available for 8 mm to DVD or 8 mm to digital file transfers .
Learn More >
What if I lose my new DVD or files ?
Just8 mm.com archives all of your 8 mm film transfer footage for a minimum of 6 months at no extra charge , and this provides an extra layer of protection in case you lose or break your DVD , or just want additional copies or digital files later .
You ’ll have extra security and peace of mind , as you know your precious memories will be protected and preserved when you choose Just8 mm.com for your 8 mm film transfers .
They may have some of the dirtiest city skies in the planet , but at least the Chinese authorities are doing something about it .
Check out the green , beautiful urban planning for the future of Beijing Central Business District :
I do n't know if the lush gardens , the green public transportation , and the pedestrian and bike - friendly road network would help with their contamination problems , but they sure look pretty .
SOM — the architects who won the Beijing Central Business District competition — say that it will help save a lot of money and resources :
The SOM plan defines new strategies for building municipal infrastructure and high performance buildings .
Implementation of the plan could reduce energy consumption within the district by 50 % , reduce water consumption by 48 % , reduce landfill waste by 80 % , and result in a 50 % reduction in carbon emissions .
Reduction in emissions from office buildings alone would equate to a reduction of 215,000 tons of CO2 per year , which is the equivalent of planting 14 million adult trees .
Advertisement
Now , if they could make the Chinese government to respect Human Rights , then this city expansion would be truly people - friendly .
[ SOM via Otto ]
The Absyrtis was canted over at a five - degree angle , and that was that .
Chubb and Luna Louis surveyed the situation the next morning and came to the conclusion that any attempt to right the ship might cause her to fall even farther .
The only answer was to secure the ship in its present position and proceed .
Taking LeRoy ’s suggestion , they fastened quick - release clamps on the guys , then promptly safetied them against accidental release .
The rest of the check - outs on the “ Leaning Tower of White Sands ” — the name hung on the ship by Greg Shearer — went off more or less as scheduled .
They were n’t all successful at first .
Bert Eggstrom was the only one who did n’t have more than his share of troubles , but he had them nonetheless .
The communication gear worked like a charm , and Bert was very proud the night he logged his first contact with Asgard Space Station as it went over .
The computer and the autopilot finally made four consecutively successful dry runs .
He had trouble with the radar ; instead of tracking the high - flying evening antipodal rocket as intended , it locked onto a flight of ducks migrating south .
But it tracked .
LeRoy kept on finding leaks , sticky valves , broken welds , and loose nuts everywhere .
Most of his trouble was with a very green crew .
The college students working for him did extremely well , but he had trouble with other kinds of people .
Imagine trying to teach a dry - goods salesman how to run a smooth weld .
Greg Shearer was having trouble with the air system , the water recovery system , and the hatches and locks .
Being a bachelor like Chubb , he did n’t have the same kind of trouble LeRoy was having , but he had trouble enough nonetheless .
He had recruited every member of the SRS who would work and who had , like himself , a green thumb and a knowledge of organic and catalytic chemistry .
On the first pressure test , gaskets leaked all over the place , but the worst part came when Greg replaced the standard air with the oxy - helium space mix from the air system .
It drove everybody choking from the ship .
The ship air from the blowers smelled something like a cross between a garbage dump , a stable , and a locker room .
In disgust , he and his crew had to replace every bit of chlorogel solution in the system — while wearing respirators .
In addition , the ship ’s water came out a putrid brown for five days while he fiddled with the old and finnicky water recovery system .
He was still working with it when Luna Louis came around with Chubb for a final inspection on the refitting .
Louis inspected the ship with a critical eye , finding things that nobody expected .
He suggested here , corrected there , bawled out ninety - percent of the crew for blunders and oversights , but finally pronounced the ship as ready as it ever would be for final checks , provisioning , and space .
It should have been a day of rejoicing , but for Chubb it was one of anxiety .
During the quiet evening hours after supper when everybody sat around listening to Luna Louis spin old space tales of faraway worlds , Chubb could not keep his mind off the subject .
The final check of the ship would require that the reactor be activated .
This meant heavy water and thorium , and as far as he was concerned that might take an act of God to get .
The Bureau of Nuclear Power did n’t pass that kind of stuff around like tin pennies .
They went in the personnel hatch .
The interior of the ship was considerably different than it had been the day they had first walked her decks .
New paint glistened on the bulkheads , and the smell of oil and solvents and men was in her again .
After going up the main ship well , they emerged into the control room .
The new pastahide cushions on the couches shone in the light of the resurrected flouro - units , and the gaping holes in the panels had been filled with instruments , gauges , switches , and winking lights .
The computer rack now held a small electronic brain which was capable of flying the ship ;
Bert had managed to pick it up from Space Force surplus and had rebuilt it .
It was capable of reading - in data in any number of ways : from sensing elements in the ship , from ground radio commands , from control panel commands , and from a self - programming keyboard .
Its read - out was equally as versatile .
Bert regarded it as being several grades smarter than any of the SRS men working on the ship .
“ About time you showed up , ” Louis remarked caustically .
“ Grab a cup of joe and sit down .
You might favor me by pouring me another cup while you ’re at it .
Ca n’t operate without coffee . ”
Luna Louis , true to Space Force tradition , had set up three indispensable things immediately on the Absyrtis ; in order they were a coffee mess , a loudspeaker system , and a wardroom of division officers who really ran things .
“ It has to be that way , Mister Olson , ” Louis pointed out .
He took a long swig of coffee and went on , “ And now we have a slight logistics problem : thorium and heavy water .
What do you have to report on that , Mister Olson ?
”
“ It ’s on its way .
Be here tomorrow .
” Chubb sat up and knocked his head against the bottom of the couch above .
“ Along with the BSC boys who will promptly hang a red tag on the lock ?
” Al Olson smiled knowingly .
“ Not yet .
It seems the UN once passed a Nuclear Energy Act which has been on the books since 2005 .
It guarantees the delivery of available radioactive substances to non-profit organizations utilizing it for other than commercial purposes .
After a little talk with the BNPRegional Director in Albuquerque , the way was paved .
” “ What did it cost ? ”
Bert wanted to know .
“ It ’s still BNP property under consignment lease to us , ” Al replied .
Luna Louis had to supervise the installation of the thorium and heavy water .
The current BNP manuals possessed by the two men did not include the procedure for the Argonaut Class , the reactor being a long - obsolete model .
This caused Chubb to ask Louis anxiously , “ Skipper , are you sure this old reactor has enough soup to lift this ship ? ” “ Mate , ” Louis said huffily , “ if the engineers had n’t decided to go to the pure nuclear drive , they ’d still be using this type of reactor .
This old Mark Seven ’s a damn - sight more reliable and efiicient per kilogram of mass and has a lower operating count so the ship shielding is lighter .
What licked this type of drive years ago was the propellant mass you have to carry … and thermo- juice was more expensive then .
The nuclear stuff cost less when they changed over , but this bucket ’s flown for twenty years with that fish bowl , and it has n’t had so much as a pin-hole leak in the heat exchanger .
The Baja California power pile can't boast that record , mate !
” At last , they were ready for the final checks .
LeBoy , who had hand - picked his engineering gang , treated the reactor with a great deal of respect now .
The power crew started using the particle counters which had been racked at the ready on the power room bulkhead for months .
They raised the temperature to a stable plateau capable of running the ship ’s generators and of charging the batteries , although ground power was still available to help them out .
The other divisions began a gradual phase - over to reactor power but only as an emergency measure .
The day dawned bright and clear , the New Mexico sun coming up in all its splendor over the Guadalupe Mountains to the east .
But the crew of the Absyrtis did n’t notice it ; they had been up all night , working in the artificial daylight of floodlamps , checking and re-checking .
Some of them noticed it was getting light outside , but it made no impression on them .
The air around the ship and Luna Louis ’ junk yard rang with the tension which was mounting by the minute .
There were a million last - minute checks and calibrations to be made , dozens of critical items which had to be taken care of , and scores of temperamental , precise gadgets which had to be watched and watched closely .
No one was conscious of time save for a moment in the near future that was rushing closer with every tick of the clock and announced in a booming voice over a loud - speaker .
Luna Louis seemed calm ; he was n’t .
Chubb had no time to be nervous ; he was kept busy checking on the progress of the division chiefs , and the division chiefs in turn were kept busy seeing to it that every little item was taken care of as stipulated on Louis ’ pre-lift check sheet .
The old spaceman had compiled a complete manual — the ship ’s “ cook book ” and the crewman ’s bible — entirely from memory .
No one had grounds to doubt Luna Louis ’ memory ; he had not been wrong in the past .
At X - minus one hour , the passengers and their baggage were loaded .
Members of the SRS who were not assigned to the crew drew straws among themselves for the berths available on this shake - down cruise .
They did not make up the full load the Absyrtis was able to carry ; Louis wanted to run light and put extra mass into propellants in case of trouble .
And he did n’t want non-working people under foot in what was essentially a new ship .
The brown and yellow Absyrtis — deliberately painted in those colors to be a striking contrast to the white or silver of the commercial and military vessels — could be seen for miles .
No registry number appeared on her spreading , swallow - like wings .
This caused a great number of curious passerbys to stop .
“ No , it is n’t that , ” Al corrected him .
“ I expect to go on the next one , which means I trust you ’ll get to Dianaport and back without killing yourselves .
Besides , I ’ve got to stick around and watch the legal end .
” “ Huh ?
I thought we had that pretty well covered , ” Chubb remarked .
“ Is it ?
Who ’s going to look out for the interests of the private spaceman when the issue comes up before the UN ?
I intend to stick around because the fight is n’t really over yet .
I want a private space yacht of my own after I ’ve learned the ropes in this ship ; but , more important , I want to see space opened up to private exploitation .
“ I ’ve got to lay some groundwork , but the next move is up to you .
You ’ve got to make a successful flight to prove that space travel techniques have progressed to the point where an ordinary person with a limited amount of training can do something that up to now has been the private stomping ground of a bunch of experts .
” Greg Shearer accompanied the lawyer down to the lock , and then Luna Louis got down to businessn
The final briefing was short .
“ I ’m lifting at 5 - g . I want to get out of here in a hurry to economize propellant We may need later .
Do n’t let the noise bother you , and do n’t worry about the vibration .
This bucket has a resonant structure frequency of twenty - eight cycles .
“ When you hit free fall , remember : do n’t panic !
If something goes wrong , you ’re dead so do n’t worry about it .
Take your shots when we hit free fall ; you must do it in case some of your men need help .
Do n’t use the emergency procedures unless its absolutely necessary .
trust you on that , but some of your men may get scared ; that ’s why each of you has aunder your couch pads .
One man — just one man — can kill us all .
” He stopped and look around .
His eyes were now cold and hard under the visor of his brilliant red baseball cap .
“ We ’ll sweat this first lift , all of us .
But remember that the boys who really know how to do it are out there behind that fence watching us .
They do n't think we have a chance ; I think we ’ll do all right .
Any questions ? ”
There were n’t .
Refitting the Absyrtis turned out to be quite a task .
The old ship lacked more than was apparent on a cursory inspection .
As a result , Chubb closed the doors to his consulting office in order to devote his full energies to the project .
So he moved in with Luna Louis , sharing the old bachelor ’s quarters with him .
It was far from being luxurious , but Chubb was having the time of his life .
He did n’t really care where he slept or when he ate ; he had his hands on a space ship at last .
Louis turned out to be less senile than any of them expected .
He seemed to snap out of his dreamy moods .
The transition was strange to behold .
Once again , he stood straight and his voice carried the tone of authority and casual competence .
His eyes became alert , and his mind sharpened like a rusty knife edge that has been put to the whetstone at long last .
The youngsters of the SRS were by far the most persistent at the work site .
They came in droves on Friday afternoon and stayed on the job until Monday morning when they dragged back across the desert to classes or to their jobs .
Many of them came out during the week to perform the many tasks at hand .
Their first job was a complete and minute inspection of the ship as she stood .
No manuals on the Argonaut Class could be found , but Luna Louis turned out to be a man of remarkable memory .
“ Hey , skipper , this valve seat mikes a tenth of a millimeter less than the blade .
What gives here ? ” LeRoy called from the power room on the temporary intercom Bert Eggstrom had rigged .
Louis answered from the forward radar blister , “ Where did it come from ?
” “ The feed heater just abaft of the forward tank bay .
” “ That sounds about right , Mister Finch .
What ’s the condition of the seat and gland packing ?
” “ Packing ’s shot .
But how can this valve seal ?
” “ Do n’t worry about it .
It gets hot in that forward feed heater .
Thermal expansion of the seat causes that valve to seal tighter than your old britches .
Get the part number off that valve , and we ’ll see if maybe I ’ve got some packing for it .
Pull the whole valve and take it down to the shop .
” “ Right - o , skipper !
” “ Hey , skipper ? ” Chubb ’s voce echoed up the main ship well .
“ Got a minute ? ” Louis turned to the youngster who was working in the blister with him .
“ Yank that sweep selsyn , Jimmy .
The rotor ’s shot .
I think maybe one of the units from that old Mark Fourteen radar out in the yard will fit .
Do n’t bother with those cap screws ; knock it loose with a hammer , because you ’ll have to drill and tap new holes anyway .
"
“ How about these waveguide junctions , skipper ?
” “ Put the torque wrench to them .
They ’ll warp back , ” the old skipper told him , handing him his tools and crawling out of the little hatch into the main portion of the ship .
Wiping the sweat from his neck with a piece of waste , he yelled down the well , “ Up here , mate !
” Chubb came puffing up the ladder from below .
“ Here ’s a survey of the equipment in the boat - tail , skipper .
” Leafing slowly through the sheaf of papers handed to him , Louis mused , “ Not as bad as I expected .
” “ What do you mean , skipper ?
Half the structural members back there are bent , broken , or missing !
Engineering - wise , it ’s flimsy as a paper bag !
” “ And just what do you know about space ship structures , Mister Delany ? ” Louis asked sarcastically .
“ The tail of this bucket was grossly over - designed .
We ripped out those members years ago to make room for the thermo- juice drive . ”
He handed the papers back to Chubb and told him , “ Take them down and give them to that gal who ’s doing the consolidation .
I ’ve got most of these missing parts — or something that will do the job .
” “ Check , skipper .
Tank bays and radars are the only lists we need now .
Maybe we ’d better start thinking about moving the ship out to a launching pad .
”
“ Why move her ? ” “ Huh ? ” “ A fine “ engineer you are !
What would the costs be ?
I 've got the parts , the shops , and the tools right here .
” Chubb thought about this .
“ You mean refit and lift from here ? ” “ Is there a better place ?
” “ But it ’ll wreck your yard when we lift , skipper .
” “ So it will .
But once we raise ship , mate , I ’ll not be needing this yard any longer .
” Chubb stared at him for a moment , then quietly went out the hatch and clambered down the hastily - rigged servicing tower .
A month ago , he would have paled at the thought of hanging on a slender ladder fifty meters up .
He had in fact done so .
But it did n’t bother him now , and he was in much better physical shape .
It was a matter of pride to him that he had managed to lose five kilos .
Wandering back through the yard toward the hut they were using for an office , he noticed the change in Luna Louis ’ junk yard .
Old tools had been ressurected from the heaps , cleaned up , and placed in sheds .
Under a ragged tarpoline , three youths were hydrostating valves and pressure vessels ; beside them was a jury - rigged flow bench .
Farther down the line , he passed a leaning shack in which Bert and several other men were working over old radar gear .
A sign over the door proudly announced , “ Department of Witchcraft and Sorcery .
Slightly Used Pentacles and Klystrons For Sale .
” “ What ’s that part number again ? ” the clerk behind the supply counter asked , turning his head to catch Chubb ’s words .
Chubb repeated the list of numbers .
With an efficient flip of his wrist , the clerk swung the top off the locator keyboard and punched the numbers into the system with practiced , easy speed .
When the machine failed to deliver a card indicating the availability and location of the parts in the bins , his bored look changed to one of surprise .
He punched again , using a different code .
This time , the card flopped out announcing “ Unavailable in present stock .
Part numbers unknown .
Check visual catalogue . ”
With a wrinkled brow , the clerk did so , flipping quickly through a large bound volume on the desk .
He finally looked up and exclaimed , “ Great Scott , mister !
We have n’t stocked that servo unit for years !
” “ Got any ideas where I can get it ?
” Looking puzzled , the clerk browsed through his tremendous catalogue , then looked up and said , “ It was made by Midwest Electronics .
They folded up shop five years ago ; the dies were probably scrapped .
A boneyard is your best bet .
Have you tried , Luna Louis down by Soledad Canyon ?
” “ He has n’t got it .
” “ Then you ’re just beating your gums , friend . ” “ Anything I can substitute that ’ll meet the specs ? ” “ Buddy , that stuff was four - hundred - cycle gear .
Nobody makes it any more ; they ’ve all gone to pulsed - power . ” " Mate , where did you get those draftsmen ? ” Luna Louis asked , indicating the drawing he held in his hand .
“ They ’d make better cartoonists !
How do you expect the boys in the shop to make those obsolete parts from drawings like this ?
” “ Look , skipper , ” Chubb came back on the defense , “ those boys are just college kids .
They ’re doing design engineering on parts and equipment that ’s been out - of - date for years .
The original parts are n’t even around for them to get dimensions and tolerances from !
How ’d you like to by making working drawings for an old reciprocating automobile engine after being told only how it worked ?
” It took five long months filled with scrounging for old parts , digging around in junk yards all over North America , and draining of funds .
Chubb ’s savings were long gone .
Luna Louis had converted everything he could to cash .
Al Olson , being independently wealthy , kept the project on its feet .
Everybody worked their hearts out .
There were long hours .
There were the inevitable minor accidents .
There were daily crises which threatened to wreck the whole thing .
Louis had his hands more that full working with a very green crew .
Everybody made mistakes — but nobody made the same one twice .
But the day finally arrived when they could start making dry runs of the ship and her equipment .
The old Absyrtis did n’t look the same at all , Sporting a new coat of brown and yellow paint — a purposely difierent color and marking scheme than that used anywhere else — she was practically a new ship inside and out .
Chubb stood surveying her in the late afternoon sunlight , taking a break in his schedule for a cigarette .
Yes , every one of the hundreds of men and boys who had worked on her could take real pride in her now , he knew .
A few more checks , radioactive bricks for her reactor , and propellants were all she needed — plus a trained crew .
Olson was out pulling the legal strings for the reactor bricks .
Chubb had no idea how they were going to be pried loose from the Bureaus of Nuclear Energy , but Al had assured him that there would be no trouble .
The propellants ?
Well , Chubb was expecting ten tank cars into El Paso any day .
There was no problem there .
The “ go - juice ” for which the Absyrtis had been designed was a commercially - available chemical which would release its energy by thermo-catalytic action .
It was cheap , but it was no longer used for space flight .
The rocket engine is a basically useful device .
Rocket engineers found this out many , many years before when they became aware that the military subsidies following the Second World War might not last forever .
A rocket can do more than push .
It can generate tremendous volumes of gas .
It is an essential device for high - speed , high - temperature chemistry .
And the jet of hot gases man dig holes .
In the open - pit copper and iron mines all over the world , the snarl of rocket engines was a common thing as their exhausts dug holes faster and more economically than the best carbide bits .
The crew was his only real worry .
He knew they were still green as grass , himself included .
Space Commander McLaughlin had been right on one point : you do n’t learn it all out of the books .
Some people had picked up Louis ’ training with little effort ; others just could n’t understand the difference between a fitting and a flange or between a selsyn and a klystron , no matter how high their enthusiasm had been .
“ All hands clear the ship ! ” Louis ’ voice came from a portable megaphone from the lock high on the side of the ship .
“ Stand clear for pressurizing and water - flow checks !
” Chubb was joined by Bert , who was handling the electronics and had no part in this check of the propulsion system .
“ Ran the final checks on the radar today , Chubb .
That doppler system is all hot to go .
Same with the guidance and control . ” “ Good !
Did you get the running rabbits off the surveilance screens ? ” “ Yeah , found a mis-matched waveguide in the antenna system .
How ’s Greg doing with the air system ? ” “ Had chlorogel all over Deck D the last I saw him , ” Chuhb replied .
“ Sprung a leak in the irradiation chambers .
” “ Tough luck .
” “ He ’ll get it fixed .
He ’s good . ”
Chubb watched the silent ship for a moment , then asked , “ Say , Bert , maybe it ’s none of my business , but how come a sharp electronic engineer like you never got into space in the first place ? ”
“ Oh , ” Bert said offhandedly , “ eyes for one thing .
Plus the fact I ’m a lunger . ”
T - B ?
You do n’t look like it !
” “ Hell , man , I ’ve only got one lung — and that ’s full of calcification .
Why do you think I came to this country ?
Same reason as Greg : climate .
” Great space !
Chubb thought .
What a crew this ship ’s got !
Greg with arthritis , Bert with one lung , LeRoy with a heart , and the skipper ripe for the grave !
And me , twenty kilos overweight !
“ Stand by to pressurize ! ” came the call from the ship .
Through the thick hull of the Absyrtis the two men on the ground heard the slam of valves and the high - pitched , ringing hiss of pressurized gas filling the propellant tanks .
Nothing ruptured ; the tanks held their pressure .
“ What are they doing ? ” Bert wanted to know .
“ We ’ve got a dummy propellant load of water in the tanks , ” Chuhb explained , rocking back on his heels with his arms on his hips .
“ They ’ve pressurized to detect leaks and to see if the system will hold pressure .
Next they ’ll pop the main propellant valves and run the water out through the rocket nozzles to check flow rates and pressure drops .
” “ How can they run the propellant pumps without the reactor to drive them ?
” “ They wo n't need the pumps .
LeRoy and the skipper just want flow characteristics .
They know what effect the pumps will have and they …
Hold it !
There they go !
” It was quite a show .
A terrific roar came from the stem of the ship , but no flame lashed out .
Instead , the rocket nozzles sprayed solid streams of water which ran off onto the desert sands in a small flood .
Thousand of gallons of water spewed out before the flood suddenly ceased with a bang and a hammering sound .
“ Wow !
I ’ll bet that shut - down opened a dozen joints ! ”
Chubb took off across the desert like a huge ballon being driven before a gale .
The power room was a mess when he climbed into it .
LeRoy and his crew were trying to tighten fittings and stem the gush of water .
There was still considerable water remaining in the tanks .
Everybody was soaking wet .
Chubb grabbed a box wrench , snugged up a leaking fitting , and shouted to LeRoy “ Vents open ?
” “ Hell , yes !
Get that flange tight before we drown !
” “ Open your dump valves and drain those tanks !
You ’ll never get these fitting tight with ten meters of hydraulic head on them ” LeRoy leaped for the jetman ’s couch and threw switches .
“ Electrical system ’s shorted out by water !
Open that hand valve next to you , Chubb !
” Once the situation was under control , Chubb — looking like a water - loogged whale — sat down on an auxiliary generator and observed .
“ I thought you guys knew this power room .
What a sad show !
What would you have done in a real emergency ? ” “ Run like hell , ” LeRoy returned sarcarstically , implying that Chubb would have done no better with the flow - checks .
He opened the power room lock and uncapped the scuppers to allow the water to drain out .
Then he suddenly sat down in a puddle on the floor .
“ What ’s wrong , chum ? ” Chubb asked anxiously .
“ The old ticker , ” LeRoy gasped .
“ Too much excitement .
” Chubb lifted him under the armpits and deposited him on the jetman ’s couch .
“ You stay put .
I ’ll clean up this mess .
When you feel better , go home for the rest of the day .
” “ I ’ll be all right , ” LeRoy objected .
“ They all say that .
Take care of yourself or you wo n’t be in any shape to make the jump .
” It took Chubb and the crew of young college kids a good hour to clean up and get started on the loose fittings and flanges .
They were hard at it when Luna Louis dropped cat - like through the hatch .
“ Mate , better heave - to and seal ship , ” he cracked .
‘ Weather coming up . ” Dropping his Wrench , Chubb stepped to the hatch and looked out .
Far across the Tularosa Basin a tremendous thunderhead had a torrent of rain streaming out of it like a skirt .
And rolling across the sandy wastes , obscuring space ships and buildings , was a huge , turbulent wall of sand and dust kicked up by the thundersquall .
“ We ’ll get winds out of that , ” Louis warned , peering at the brown wall and the rain behind it .
" I want everybody out of the ship .
Empty as it is , it just may take a notion ’ to topple ” “ Bring me some cable , skipper , ” Chubb broke in .
“ I ’ll throw some guy lines on the ship and anchor it .
” “ We have n’t got time !
And they might not hold anyway if the ship started to go , ” Louis snapped .
“ Shake a leg here ! ”
He disappeared upward through the hatch .
It took Chubb less than five minutes to get the locks and hatches closed .
Ignoring Chubb ’s orders , LeRoy climbed down into the boat - tail and installed a sealing diaphram in each nozzle throat .
The wind and dust hit them ten minutes later .
It howled and screamed around the ship and loading tower .
Then it rained .
It rained like Chubb had never seen it rain before .
It was almost impossible to walk through it .
Sheet after sheet of water hammered against the galvinized side of the hut in which they ’d taken refuge .
The rocky sand became rocky mud , and the water began to run in racing rivulets across the desert .
It rained for two hours — a solid , wind - driven rain .
The rivulets grew to flowing streams of water and then to raging flash floods .
“ Louis ! ” Chubb pointed out , yelling over the roar of the rain thundering against the shed .
“ The ship ’s right in the middle of it !
” “ The water ’s undercutting the concrete slab !
She 'll topple ! ” LeRoy yelled .
A bolt of lightning arched down outyof the storm with a sharp crack , spearing the conical nose of the Absyrtis .
Radar and communications antennas sparkled with glow discharge “ LeRoy , round up some men ! ” Chubb shouted .
“ Skipper , where do you keep those long lengths of two - centimeter cable ?
Can you dig up some railroad rail we can drive into the ground to anchor guy lines to ?
” “ Stay off that ship , mate !
She ’s being hit !
” " To hell with it !
We ’ll lose the ship otherwise !
Get me that cable !
I ’ll anchor it topside !
” “ You crazy hoot - owl !
Stay here ! ” Luna Louis roared .
“ Skipper , do n’t you understand ?
We 'll lose the ship !
The water ’s undercutting the slab !
She ’ll topple !
” “ Let it topple !
I ’d rather lose the ship than lose lives !
Stay here !
” But Chubb was gone .
“ Have you , now ? ” Louis said quizzically .
“ And how do you like the farce space flight is now ? ” “ Farce ? ” Chubb echoed .
“ Farce , son .
They ’re too sloppy these days .
It ’s too easy .
Automatic controls .
Nuclear drives .
There was a time when space flight was an art !
Yes , sir An art !
Not button pushing !
Used to load her up with thermo-propellants , hit the firing button when the clock said so , and fly her by the seat of your pants and the astrostat !
All the time wondering if she was going to blow ! …
That was space flight !
Pilots , they call themselves !
Bah !
Bus drivers is what they arel ”
He settled back in his chair and jerked his thumb over his shoulder .
“ Now , in the good old days , it was different .
Take the old Absyrtis back there on my lot … ” The junk yard was old stuff to Chubb , but LeRoy was utterly amazed at the terrific amounts of junk of all types .
As the old skipper led them out to where the Absyrtis towered seventy meters over the low sheds , the real estate man found himself making mental estimates of the combined worth of this desert land and the tremendous inventory on it .
It was plain to see that Luna Louis was not a down - and - out old spacebum .
“ Captain , there seems to be a little bit of everything here .
How ’d you come by it all ?
” “ Ships are scrapped all the time , mate , ” Louis replied .
“ Why ?
Do they wear out ?
” “ No , sir !
They just get obsolete , , and it becomes cheaper to build a new ship than to modify the old one , ” Luna Louis explained .
“ The Bureau of Space Commerce has some pretty strict rules about the condition of space craft ; when a ship reaches a certain age , they usually down - check it on principle … ” “ How ’s that ?
” “ They figure it ’s old enough that if something has n’t happened to it yet , it will .
But with a little decent maintenance and repair , a space ship ’s good for over a hundred years … and a power plant ’s good for a lot longer than that because its operating time is only a fraction of that of its ship . ”
Louis paused for a moment .
“ Of course , we get a good deal of equipment from wrecked or damaged ships .
Got one lad who does nothing but sit up on the roof with a pair of binoculars watching for ships that do n’t make the grade … ”
He let it drop at that because they had reached the boat - tail of the Absyrtis .
Chubb stopped to catch his breath and looked up .
In addition to the rust streaking her sides , there was no doubt that this ship was old .
The tall , slim , almost regal lines were not those of a modern ship .
Modern ships looked efficient ; they were .
The Absyrtis was merely beautiful , a work of art , the result of a designer with a sense of line and sweep and proportion who had labored over his drawing boards doing work which he must have loved .
It was reflected starting from the parabola of revolution of her nose cone down her sleek , unbroken sides to the graceful curve of her boat - tail with its six gaping thrust chambers , and in the swallow - like profile of her drooping wings .
It belonged to another day of space flight .
“ Shipped many a ton of lunar ore in this bucket , ” Louis said in recollection .
“ But she was a bitch to handle under thrust .
Shake ?
Man , she ’d shake your teeth right out !
And the center of pressure would tend to wander forward of the center of gravity if you did n’t watch the mass distribution .
Let ’s go aboard . ”
He grabbed a rope ladder hanging down the side of the ship and clambered spryly aloft with an agility which amazed Chubb and LeRoy .
LeRoy followed and Chubb waited until the other had gained the lock high on the ship before he entrusted his full weight to the ropes .
He did n’t look down ; if he had , he would have frozen to the ladder with vertigo .
He kept his eyes aloft and climbed steadily , hand - foot - hand - foot .
He was out of breath when he stepped through the air lock and looked around .
The tour of the old ship was fascinating .
Chubb ’s eyes were alight the entire time .
It was like a childhood dream come true .
It brought up memories entombed by the years and Chubb remembered the toy spaceships which looked like the Absyrtis and the drawings he had hopefully sent to the Space Force at White Sands , crude sketches of a “ Sooper Space Combat Rocket ” .
And there were forgotten memories of a chubby little boy playing spaceman in that pile of boxes in the back yard , dreaming of a space ship the image of which was the Absyrtis .
Just being in her gave him a feeling of satisfaction he had not experienced for years .
Feeling the cold metal of her companionways and smelling the ancient , musty odors of far - off worlds which still lingered in her made him suddenly realize with a pang of sorrow and regret that this could have been his — could have , if he had had a different gene makeupThe Absyrtis was far from a complete space ship .
Most of the power plant essentials were missing , the electronics had been stripped , and there were no astrogation instruments .
The Absyrtis had seen hand tools , but not a cutting torch .
“ Give her just a few essentials and she ’s ready to lift , ” Louis remarked , sitting down on an acceleration couch in the barren , echoing control room far forward in the nose .
“ Many ’s the time I ’ve sweated it out on this couch , mates .
But this old bucket never failed me .
A taut , reliable old ship she was .
After we converted her to thermo-juice , she saw Mars and Venus and Ganymede .
Bailey took her out to Titan once after I got stuck on dirt for keeps .
But she knows her way into Dianaport by heart ; hardly have to lay a finger on the board for a landing .
She just sniffs her way in .
” “ What are you going to do with her , skipper ? ” Chubb ventured to ask .
“ She ’s the last of her kind , mate .
The pure - nuclear ships have taken over now .
And a new kind of spaceman is flying them .
We ’re both obsolete , so she stays here with me .
Oh , maybe one of these days I ’ll get me a red - hot crew together .
We may not get high enough to crash , but we ’ll still get oft the ground again .
The regulation hounds will try to stop us , but to hell with them !
It ’s a sad thing , mates , when the laws wo n’t let a man do what he wants or even kill himself as long as he does n’t hurt anybody else in the process . ”
The old man ’s eyes were on the empty holes in the control panels where instruments , lights , and switches should have been .
Gone was the glory .
Gone was the thrill .
Gone was Chubb ’s enthusiasm as he lay there on the co-pilot ’s couch chanting off the minutes left until zero time .
Sweat was rolling off him in tiny streams although Greg had long since changed to space mix which was cool as it came out of the blower duct .
Six months ago , a space ship lift had been a wonderful thing to watch .
Now , Chubb was beginning to realize it was a terribly deadly game .
So much depended on so many little things , and once they were under way , there was no backing out .
Was that stubborn solenoid valve going to stick ?
Had he checked that sequence circuit thoroughly enough .
Suppose there was an ignition delay which could blow the tail off ?
Should they have gone to the time and expense of static testing the propulsion system ?
The little relays , the pieces of wire , the lengths of tubing , the bolts and nuts which he had put into this ship Without really thinking about it were now the things which stood between him and death .
They had seemed so insignificant and common when he had installed them ; they were something more than that now .
He had known this feeling before ; every engineer is inwardly stupified at the tremendous strength and power of his achievements .
He was almost ready to call it quits , admit he was a coward , and step out of the lock .
But he recalled those agonizing months of hard work refitting this old hulk of a space ship and the terrible moments when they thought they would never make it at all .
And he thought of the men in the ship with him , men who had put their hearts and souls into this great adventure , had neglected then professions and deserted their friends .
And there were those outside that fence who would give anything they possessed to be inside the Absyrtis at that moment .
There was LeRoy Finch who did n’t know if his heart could stand the high accelerations .
And Greg Shearer , ridden with arthritis , who forced his stiff fingers to do things that were painful to him .
And there was Luna Louis .
“ Ten minutes to zero , captain ! ” he snapped resolutely .
“ Roger , mate !
Call all hands to lift stations and report !
” “ All hands , prepare for lift !
All divisions report !
” “ Electronics standing by .
” “ Power room ready !
” “ Shipmaster secure !
” “ And co-pilot and astrogation ready !
All hands to lift stations and ready for lift , captain !
” “ Very well .
Final checks , please .
Clear our lift with Traffic !
” “ All boards , Test - Fly to TEST !
Perform final checks and report compliance !
Electronics , clear with Traffic Control and secure your radar contacts ! ” “ Roger ! ” “ Check ! ” “ Right - o ! ” For the last time , Louis and Chubh ran their final checks .
Item by item , they went down the list .
Then Chubb said , “ Final checks complete in control room , skipper ! ” “ Roger , mate ! ” Louis switched off his intercom and spoke privately to Chubb , “ It looks good , mate ; it looks good .
I think we might make it after all .
” “ Sure , we ’ll make it , skipper , ” Chubb reassured him as he started the autopilot .
He watched the chronometer .
“ Five minutes to zero !
Five minutes to zero !
Divisions report compliance on checks ” “ Roger from power room !
” “ Roger from electronics ! ” “ Roger from shipmaster ! ” “ Final checks complete , skipper .
” Louis ’ voice was sharp and raspy as he spoke from his couch , flipping up the safety guards over the switches and carefully adjusting knobs , “ Stand by for lift !
Red light condition !
" “ Condition red , all hands !
All boards , Test - Fly to FLY !
Four and one - half minutes to zero ! ” Chubb snapped .
“ Electronics to FLY !
” “ Power room to FLY !
” “ Shipmaster to FLY ! ” “ Ready , captain ! ” Louis flipped a switch .
“ Key your board ! ” Slipping the key from around his wrist , Chubb inserted it in his board and turned it .
“ Power room , you may un -lock !
” “ Un - locked in power room !
Tanks pressurizing !
Reactor heat coming up !
” “ Three and one - half minutes to zero !
” “ Electronics reporting !
Radar forward is hunting !
Green light from Traffic !
” “ If you ca n’t fix it , let it hunt ! ” Louis ordered .
Chubb took a deep breath and threw a switch , anxiously watching tell - tale lights on the board .
“ Gyros uncaged and tracking !
Autopilot tracking ! ” he reported with relief .
For five hours he had babied those gyros up to speed and held them steady ; it had been no easy task to erect and orient them with the ship at a tilt , and even more difficult to adjust their speed precisely so they would not precess “ Two minutes to zero !
” “ Steady as she goes , mate , ” Louis ’ voice came back levelly .
“ Give me thirty - second counts . ”
The skipper , the mastermind of the ship operation inside and out , was calm but tense .
He held the reins over everything ; he was the absolute master at this point , a god in a steel and titanium hull .
“ Ninety seconds to zero !
” “ Reactor to heat !
Tanks pressurized !
Pumps coming up !
” “ Call up your shaft speeds ! ” Louis requested .
“ All coming up in synch ! ” LeRoy ’s voice boomed over the interphone .
The scream of the pumps could be heard in the background .
“ Four thousand r- p - m — five thousand — six thousand — seven — eight — steadying — nine thousand … peaked at ninety - four hundred …
They ’re holding !
” “ Bearing temps and outlet pressures ? ” Louis was vitally interested in the performance of the pumps .
They were the only mechanically moving parts in the propulsion system .
“ Normal ! — Pump
Five just dropped a hundred !
— There it comes back !
” They could feel it in the control room now .
Those six large staged - centrifigal pumps turning over as they would shake the most solid of structures .
The vibration was a piercing , pulsing scream from the deck plates , bulkheads , and overheads .
“ Sixty seconds to zero !
” “ Give me aft view on the tv monitor ! ” the skipper ordered .
It was Bert who complied from the electronics compartment below .
“ Forty - five seconds to zero ! ” Chubb smoothed his coveralls under him , adjusted his panel slightly , and pulled his astrostat hood down to where he could look through its eyepiece while still keeping the panel in view .
The pumps were shaking the ship in every member .
“ Thirty seconds !
” “ Plugs away !
Ship power ! ” came LeRoy ’s high - pitched voice .
“ Whoa !
Port generator just quit !
” “ Switch to emergency ! ” “ Emergency batteries on !
The inverter ’s getting hot ! ” “ Fifteen seconds !
” Chubb felt the skipper should call a hold as he said this last .
If the inverter went out , the radar would lose its source of pulsed power , and a ship without radar was blind .
But Louis said nothing .
“ Autopilot in command !
Seven — six — five — four — ” His voice was drowned out by a snarling , thundering , rippling , beating universe of noise .
Chubb never knew there could be so much noise .
It shook the bulkheads and rattled the deck plates .
It bounced Chubb up and down on the couch pads .
The mighty thrust of the Absyrtis ’ rocket engines hammered at the structure of the ship .
“ Ship is away ! ” somebody screamed .
There was a sudden , backsnapping jolt and Chubb knew that the breakaways on the guy lines holding the ship had failed .
The lines had merely parted , but two - centimeter steel cable does not give way easily .
He sneaked a quick glance at the tv monitor , but all he saw was a malestrom of sand , flaming gases , and the litter and sheds of Luna Louis ’ junk yard being scattered all over the desert .
Then the ship really began to shake as the combustion vibration of the rocket engines reinforced and excited the natural resonance of the hull .
It jarred Chubb ’s teeth even though he Was being compressed into his pads by the force of five gravities of acceleration .
Instrument needles were bouncing wildly , so he quit looking at them ; he could n’t see them anyway because he was being shaken so hard .
He lost all sense of time .
After seeming hours , he felt the vibration build up to the point where he had to shut his eyes and hold on with all he had .
The increased vibration told him that the ship was passing sonic speed , and that in turn would bring blessed relief from the flooding noise .
Then there was no sound except the rattle and shake of the ship ’s old plates and the thunderous whine of the pumps in the tail .
He could hear the scream of the dyna- motors in the electronics compartment aft and the Whistling note of the doppler radar as is climbed up — and up — and up the musical scale until it Was an ear - splitting screech .
All of this he heard through a gray haze .
He could n’t breathe ; he was pinned to his couch , his heart racing and his anns flattened against their rests .
And he knew why high body mass was a disqualifying factor in space flight .
His body muscles were no stronger than a lighter man ’s , yet they had to support more apparent mass under acceleration .
The take - offs of the antipodal rockets had been nothing like this !
He could feel this in his face , in his bones , in his entrails .
With the noise and the acceleration , he felt nearer death than he had ever been .
If this does n’t stop , he thought wildly and dismally , if it does n’t stop , I ’ll die !
I ca n’t stand this much longer !
I ca n’t stand it !
Whang !
Clank ! Slam !
“ Cut -off ” LeRoy ’s voice screamed breathlessly over the interphone .
There were three more rough jolts , and the force holding him to his couch suddenly disappeared completely .
His stomach made a violent attempt to eject itself through his throat , and he convulsed involuntarily .
Then his eyes came into focus and a sensation akin to dizziness overcame him .
The control room was suddenly over on its side , then upside - down , then right - side - up again .
Then his astrostat hood swam upwards in front of him , the panel following it .
It began to spin to the right , then stopped and sank toward him .
But something has gone wrong !
was his thought .
He still felt weight !
They could n’t be in free - fall !
Chubb had had limited experience in sub-gravity on the antipodal rocket trips ; it was not entirely new to him .
It was diiferent , but not new .
Before his autonomic nervous system could build up a “ storm ” , he got a hold of himself .
It took a moment for the nystagmus of his eyes to stop .
Then he remembered the injection .
With practiced movement , he tried to bring his hand to the pocket in the arm rest — and over - shot the mark by a foot .
On the second try , he got his fingers firmly around the ampule and gave himself his shot right through his coveralls into his thigh muscles .
It helped .
He gripped the arm rests and shouted into the interphone , “ Al! divisions report !
” “ Power room here ! ” LeRoy ’s voice came back .
Good old LeRoy !
Maybe his heart is n't as bad as everybody thought !
“ Power plant in cut - off ! ” LeRoy Went on .
“ Pumps running down !
Tanks holding pressure !
But the reactor heat - exchanger is running too hot !
We ca n’t get it down !
” “ Louis told me that might be normal !
Keep your pumps running if you have to !
How ’s that generator ?
” “ Out like a light !
But the inverter ’s holding !
We ’re okay .
But , buddy , that was rough !
” “ Shipmaster reporting , ” Greg called in .
“ My baliwick ’s running .
I ’ve got a lot of sick passengers and I ’m not feeling too chipper myself .
Doc Barcarez is giving drop - shots or knock - outs as the case requires . ” “ Electronics Report ! ” Chubb snapped after a few seconds ’ silence .
“ Bert ! Report !
” Bert ’s head appeared instead in the aft hatch .
His face was pale and drawn , his dark hair and horn - rimmed glasses giving him a ghostly appearance .
There was a cut under his left eye with blood streaming in all directions over his face .
“ I ’ve got a busted intercom , ” he reported , “ but one of my boys has a busted jaw .
Thanks for the billy !
” Chubb nodded and gulped , moving his hand slowly over to press against his stomach .
He salivated freely for a second , then decided he was n’t going to lose everything after all .
“ Bert Eggstrom will relinquish the command of his division to his senior engineer and report to the control room to assume the duties of the executive officer .
Power officer , secure your power room from lift and proceed with underway activities .
Electronics , notify White Sands Traffic Control of the situation and have them stand by for my formal report later .
We ’ll also need some radar fixes very shortly . ”
He switched off the interphone and turned to Bert .
“ Set up Program Number Two on the computer and get ready to process data .
Move , while I get this star fix ! ”
He pulled the astrostat hood down over his eyes while Bert seated himself before the computer console by the chart desk and began to program the computer .
He scribbled the star angles on a pad attached to the astrostat and started making a preliminary determination .
Actually , it was no star fix , but a sight on Venus , Jupiter , Luna , and Sol for Euler angles of ship attitude .
On the short jump to Luna , he would rely heavily on the precision of radar and doppler data .
The trajectory was too short and too simple for him to bother with stellar methods .
He finished his calculations to find Bert hovering near him .
“ Does is check ? ” the new first mate asked .
“ Looks good .
I think we can live with it .
” “ Computer ’s ready .
Bob Danforth 's taken over below for me and has the radar data ready .
” When they all showed up - some of them looking half - dead — Chubb was still running the computer .
He checked the answer and satisfied himself with it , then set the device up to run a continuous program of trajectory by presenting x- , y- , and z - plots on three chart recorders .
( ed note : sadly Mr. Louis dies on the way up .
But with a smile on his face as he finally goes home . )
I have no better qualifications for the job than any of you .
But three thousand years of naval tradition , reinforced by recent precedents in space , are in point here .
Why not run the ship with each division chief in joint control — a democratic system ?
“ Because a space ship is operated from the control room , ”
We ’re used to looking to one man for leadership ; our group habits ca n’t be changed on the spur of the moment .
We ’re neophytes , we ’re in trajectory to Luna in a slightly marginal ship , and we ’ve just lost the only man aboard who was experienced .
Down below on dirt , a democratic system may work at times .
But here , one man and one man alone must correlate the data , co-ordinate efforts , and make the decision .
and that committee system rule was too slow and cumbersome
( at least no pieces larger than two atoms sticking together )
He took a swig of the hot coffee from the bag Greg had brought up and turned to face his officers .
“ I assumed command , ” he began , " because Luna Louis appointed me executive officer with the knowledge I might have to do it .
So my assumption of command is not subject to vote — until we hit dirt at any rate .
Then the Society can kick me out if they like .
“ But I ’ll still have to rely on your support until then .
We ’ve lost Louis , but I ’ll try to run things as I think he might have done .
At this point , co-operation is the only thing that will save us .
” “ Just a minute , Chubb , ” LeRoy out in .
“ We ’ve all worked together for months .
Chubb told him .
“ But , look , Chubb … ” LeRoy persisted .
“ Gentlemen , ” the new skipper cut in , “ I do n’t think some of you realize the position we ’re in .
“ I do n’t relish this job .
The responsibility scares me a little .
But I ’m by - God going to see that this ship and the people in it get down on Luna safely !
Then — and not before — each one of you is entitled to a swift kick at my fanny if you want .
Do we understand each other ?
” There was silence .
Chubb looked at each of them in turn , meeting their eyes .
He knew they had accepted Louis ’ leadership and had respected him because of his age and experience ; it was a bit difficult for them to do the same toward one of their own group .
But behind the doubt and reluctance in some eyes , he saw the reassuring fact that each man realized that the Absyrtis had to have a captain “ Well , we ’re with you , skipper , ” Greg Shearer spoke up .
“ What are your orders ?
” And the baffling , trifling problems with the ship ’s equipment started .
Taking a figurative hitch in his belt , each man put down his fear and called up all his reserve of knowledge , determination , and skill — no matter how small each may have been .
The vent valve on the forward tank bay jammed , and LeRoy lost all tank pressure .
Since it was a sure bet they would lose precious propellant through an open vent and since the tanks had to have a suppression head on them for the pumps , LeRoy was in a quandry .
“ Pull the valve and cap the line , ” Chubb told him .
“ But I ’m liable to rupture the tanks ! ” LeRoy objected .
“ That valve acted as a relief valve as well !
” “ You ’ll just have to watch your pressures , boy .
And watch ’em close !
” Then the drive on the forward radar antennas quit cold .
Bob Danforth crawled into the nose cone with Bert , and they came back shaking their heads .
“ Can it be fixed ? ” Chubb asked .
“ No . ” “ Why ? ” “ Some goof on the ground crew tightened the gear - retaining nuts with a straight wrench instead of a torque wrench .
Must have been when I was n’t looking .
He got them too tight .
All the gears are stripped .
Those that did n’t grind themselves to bits got chunks of other gears in them and chewed themselves to pieces or jammed up tight , ” Bert said in a tired voice .
“ It 's locked up and the selsyns are smoldering messes . ” “ It ’ll take a whole new antenna system , ” Danforth remarked .
“ And it happened in about twenty seconds flat .
” “ Can we use it for fixed forward sights ? ” Chubb wondered .
Bert shook his head .
“ The dish is canted fifteen degrees to the starboard . ”
He started through the aft hatch .
“ So we ’re blind forward — staggering blind ! ” This was followed fifteen minutes later by the utter failure of the water recovery system .
The tangle of coils in the vacuum still plugged up — somewhere — with something .
Greg did his best , but finding a plug in three hundred meters of tubing was beyond him .
The air system was still removing water from the air , but it was n’t enough .
Everyone went on very short water rations .
“ I ’m not too sure about the purity of what we ’ve got , ” Greg reported .
“ The purification took place in the still .
” Chubb took a look at the running - time clocks over the chart desk .
Over twenty - six hours left until touch - down at Dianaport .
He reached out , touched the interphone switch , and called for Doc Barcarez .
“ Doc , how much medicinal alky have you got ? ” Doc told him .
“ I … ah … I ’ve also got a couple of jugs of Mexican rum I smuggled aboard in my baggage .
” “ You have any thiamine ? ” “ Some .
I have to take it . ” “ Okay .
Greg ’s having trouble with the water .
Can you hit it with enough alcohol so we can stay sober and yet keep from coming down with the galloping crud ?
You may have to push thiamine to anybody who gets tight . ” “ Bueno !
Can do !
” Greg went aft and Chubb finished up checking the position fix .
It looked good so far .
“ Take the deck , Bert , ” he told his exec .
“ I ’m going down and see if We ca n’t raise Al on the radio .
I want to keep him plugged in on what ’s going on .
” “ You want to speak to who ? ” the ham operator in El Paso asked .
Chubb repeated
Al ’s name .
“ Oh , he ’s your lawyer , is n’t he ?
Well , he is n’t here .
I have n’t seen him at all .
” There was a sharp snap , a pop , and the smell of smoldering insulation .
The voice on the speaker quit .
Half the sets in the electronics compartment went dead .
The lights flickered .
With a jerk , Bob Danforth reached over and pulled the main power switch .
“ Overload somewhere ! ” the new electronics officer re- marked hastily .
“ No , that was n’t it ; line voltage soared . ”
He reached for the intercom switch .
The squawk box was still operative .
“ Hello , power room !
This is electronics !
Our line voltage went wild !
What ’s wrong ? " “ Wait one !
Electrical fire in the power room !
” Chubb reached the handle on a red box and yanked it down .
A horn squawked throughout the ship .
He muscled Bob away from the intercom and pushed the all - call .
“ All hands , general alarm !
Fire in the power room !
Greg , cut their blowers and stand by to seal - off !
Bert , proceed with an emergency party to the power room .
Damage and disaster plan number two is in operation !
” He almost collided with Bert coming aft as he went forward to his own post in the control room .
The desire to get back there and see what was going on could n’t overcome his sense of responsibility as skipper .
Chubb had to be in the control room right then .
He just barely got into his couch before LeRoy passed the word , “ Stand by , control room !
We ’ve got it under control !
” “ Bert ’s coming back , LeRoy , ” Chubb told him .
“ We wo n’t need him .
We ’ve almost got it out .
Just some insulation on the port generator .
” Chubb breathed a sigh of relief .
Had it been bad , the entire tail might have gone .
A fire in space is not serious ; it can alWays — or nearly always — be extinguished by evacuating the compartment where it is .
But in a power room , it can get out of hand in a hurry .
He knew of one case , the SS Mirmidon , where an electrical fire had gotten to the reactor control circuits ; no pieces of the ship had ever been reported “ Hello , Chubb , this is Bert .
It ’s secure back here .
I just got here , and it ’s out .
Smoky , though .
How about some blowers ?
” Chubb sounded the word to secure , then asked , “ What ’s the damage ?
” “ The voltage regulator on the one remaining generator ’s conked out .
LeRoy got a terrific voltage surge on the line .
The regulator itself is a sooty mess right now .
We can write it off .
Better find out what it did elsewhere .
” The news was not encouraging .
The lighting units on two decks were gone , the microwave oven in the galley was washed - up , and — most important — nearly half the communications gear was finished .
“ We still have radar and doppler , ” Danforth reported .
“ And the low - power UHF stuff is okay ; it was off .
We can talk to Dianaport when we get close enough .
But we can't even listen to anything else — not even Sammy in El Paso . ” LeRoy and his crew started running continuous shifts on the power boards , regulating the ship ’s electrical voltage by hand .
“ Well — how do things stand ?
” “ We ’ll make it .
We ’ve got plenty of scotch tape and glue .
” “ And the generator ? ” “ As long as We keep heavy loads off it , We ’re all right .
I ’ve asked everybody to call the power room before they so much as turn on a light .
We could actually run the reset of the way on the emergency batteries …
” “ Do n’t .
Save them .
We may need them yet .
” “ All divisions stand by to commence pre-landing checks at will !
Executive officer report to the control room .
It is now approximately ten hours to zero on landing at Dianaport !
” Chubb left the details of the ship up to Bert and concentrated on the mechanics of their landing at Dianaport .
He knew it was a critical test of the ship and crew .
Lift was mere button - pushing .
It takes considerably more skill to bring a space craft to rest with another object — considerably more skill indeed .
He planned for a straight - in approach .
An involute would have been better , but he did not want to stretch his luck in that complex a maneuver .
With the Moon ’s slow rotation , he did not have to allow for much of a drift angle .
But because of Dianaport 's position in Mare Nubium , he would have to correct quite a bit to get a truly radial approach .
He had it worked down to one application of thrust for correction of trajectory and another for landing and was about to set up a prob to see if it could be done with one prolonged acceleration period when Bert interrupted him .
“ My checks do n’t look so good , skipper , ” the first mate told him .
“ Servo systems on the guidance nozzles are wild .
We ’ve apparently lost the dither on the transfer valves , and the system ’s become critically damped .
” “ Oh , great balls of fire !
Can it be fixed ? ” Chubb exploded .
“ I do n’t know .
I ’ll have to check .
” “ Well , check — and fix it !
How am I going to get this crate down without guidance nozzles ?
” “ I ’ll try , skipper … ” “ Try , hell !
Do it !
If you need help , I ’ll lend a hand .
I ’m familiar with that lash - up . ” “ Okay .
But brace yourself for something else … ” “ Break it gently , ” Chubb moaned .
“ Danforth 's got running rabbits on the approach radar , and the range tracking element 's gone out of calibration .
” Chubb looked dismayed .
“ One more failure , and we can forget about trying to land ; we ’ll be lucky to get close enough to crash .
” “ How about going into circum - lunar orbit , skipper ? ” “ That ’s not a bad idea , but I do n’t know if it can be done . ”
He scratched his head .
“ Let me feed it to Isaac Newton here .
Get busy on that guidance and radar — and do n’t Waste my time telling me it ca n’t be fixed .
Get the lead out and use that time to figure out how it can be fixed — then let me know how you did it .
And move !
We have n’t got six months to play around this time !
” Thirty minutes later , Chubb had determined that the Absyrtis could not make circum - lunar orbit .
The mechanics of the maneuver were too expensive and too complex to be attempted .
He told Bert , “ It ’s Dianaport or nothing , chum .
Can I give you a hand with that servo problem ? ” LeRoy was almost at his wit ’s end .
The million little troubles he was havingin the power room were almost beyond him .
He called Bert to report it .
Chubb overheard .
He muscled Bert away from the intercom and told LeRoy , “ Look , you spent six months with that tangle of plumbing !
Do n’t tell me you ca n’t make it work now !
Get out those spares you made !
Get on the stick , man !
” “ But , skipper , this rusty old … ” “ If you want to gripe , join the Space Marines ! ” Chubb paused and went on in a quieter tone of voice , “ What ’s the trouble , LeRoy ?
Can I help ?
” Chubb could .
He was a trained hydaulic engineer .
LeRoy was n’t the only one he helped in those long hours before turn - over .
He was n't doing the job Louis could have done ; but it did n’t worry him because he was doing the best he could .
He cajoled , cursed , encouraged , reassured , and bawled out his division chiefs , but he was always ready to help them .
The crew responded .
At turn - over time , there were still troubles , but the crew was of the state of mind where they would have gotten out and pushed if that would have done any good .
The men of the Absyrtis were no longer the South - western Rocket Society ; they were the crew of the space ship Absyrtis , a rusty , obsolete old bucket but still their pride and joy .
Amateurs they were and would admit the fact — but unqualified , no .
Heaven help the man who had the temerity to say they were not competent .
Had n’t they taken a piece of rotting junk and remade it into a space ship which was able to break free of the Earth ’s stubborn gravity ?
They were not thoroughly satisfied with that , however .
There was a matter of landing , the final portion of the examination .
When they landed — not if — they would not have to take the ridicule of the seasoned spacemen .
The landing would be their accolade .
There are no adequate adjectives to describe their utter determination to get that ship down on Luna and eventually back to White Sands .
It was reflected in the manner in which they performed turn - over , swinging the ship around so that the rocket nozzles pointed toward Luna .
The radar was still jumping , but Danforth was reading it ; the servos had no dither , but Bert was working the guidance nozzles by direct coupling , hoping that the hydraulic lines would hold ; and the power plant — well , it looked good , but only the actual operation would tell the story .
They came in boldly but carefully on their approach .
“ Dianaport Traffic reports that we are in the groove , ” came the report from Bob Danforth .
“ Do they sound worried ? "
Bert asked .
“ No .
Doubtful , perhaps .
They ’re going to hold traffic when we get in the final approach leg — and the meat wagons are standing by .
” “ Tell them we wo n’t need them , ” Chubb remarked from under the astrostat hood .
“ How about some radar and doppler data ? ”
Bert asked the electronics officer .
“ In half a shake .
I ’m having a little trouble reading the scopes and getting the aft radar locked in .
We ’re still a little far out ; I ’m getting a double trace on my scopes , but you ’ll have data shortly .
” “ Well , start pushing doppler difference frequencies up to the computer as soon as you can . ”
The ballistic computer was standing by , its memory banks loaded with all the information Chubb and Bert could give it .
The program data was also inside it .
It was merely waiting patiently for final position data in order to swing into action .
“ Line up looks good , ” Chubb said , pushing his astrostat hood up .
“ Give or take a half r-c-h , I think we can live with it .
What ’s the minus time for correction maneuver ? ” “ I wo n’t know exactly until we get some radar .
Wup ! ” “ Electronics to control !
Do you read that radar data okay ? ”
Danforth ’s voice came over the phones .
Chubb and Bert checked the winking tell - tale lights and swinging dials on their boards .
“ It looks rough , but the computer ’s taking it , ” Bert told him .
He looked over at Chubb .
“ Computer and autopilot tracking , skipper .
Minus five minutes to correction time . ” “ Okay , Bert .
All hands to acceleration stations and strapped .
Get the power plant hot and ready to go .
Give me thirty - second counts .
” “ Aye , sir .
Do you want all hand in pressure suits ?
” “ Negative .
We do n’t have enough to go around .
Have Greg seal all compartments in case we spring a leak under thrust .
” It was , as usual , a long wait .
After making one final adjustment on the autopilot panel , Chubb floated over to his couch and started strapping in .
He studied the data presentations on his panel as he did so , trying to get the feel of this landing .
He had studied the techniques of landing in texts , but realized it was more of an arcane art than a science .
It took What they called “ touch ” , and he did n’t have any .
He would have to feel his way down by inches , but he did n’t dare waste any time about it .
The Absyrtis had only so much propellant left in her tanks , and he did n’t want to waste it by needless maneuvering or fighting gravity too long .
“ All hands ready , sir , ” Bert reported , jostling him from his concentration .
“ Ninety seconds to zero !
” “ Let ’s have pumps ! ” “ Roger !
Power room , stand by to fire !
” “ Power room here !
Pumps coming up !
Tank pressures coming up !
Reactor at pre-fire heat ! ” LeRoy ’s voice replied .
“ I think she ’ll hold !
I think she ’ll hold !
” “ Read - back check on parameters ! ” Chubb ordered .
Bert consulted his panel .
“ Set for all units one - third thrust — Three degrees pitch positive and seven degrees yaw left on the guidance nozzles for five seconds thrust duration .
Do you concur ? ” “ Concur . ” “ Sixty seconds to zero !
” In theory , the Absyrtis could have made the Earth - Luna jump with two applications of thrust : one at lift and one at landing .
However , it would have required accuracy far beyond practical engineering ability .
Instruments could not be read that closely , neither by man nor machine .
And the instruments could not possibly be expected to have that sort of accuracy .
It was much cheaper , both in terms of all - up ship mass and sheer complexity of machinery , to allow for deviations and carry along a meneuvering margin in the propellant tanks .
“ Thirty seconds to zero !
” “ Power plant hot ! ”
The pumps were shaking the ship again .
Chubb stared at the pin-point stars in his astrostat , making a last check .
Pushing a switch , he changed the mirror angles to show three separate stars which would coincide in the eyepiece once the correction had been made “ — fifteen — fourteen — thirteen — ”
Bert was chanting in a monotone .
Chubb braced himself , relaxing and at the same time preparing himself for the push that was coming .
“ Fire on autopilot ! ” “ — four — three — two — one —
” It was a hard start , even at reduced thrust .
The ship bucked violently , then settled down to shaking .
But it did n’t last long .
The motors shut down with their usual clamoring and bellowing , a wet , sloppy blubber that was heard even in the control room .
Chubb squinted through the astrostat .
“ Looks good here , ” “ Bert remarked .
“ Power plant in cut - off ! ” LeRoy called .
“ She works smooth ! ” “ Smooth , my foot ! ” Greg ’s voice snapped .
“ What are you burning for go - juice ? ” “ Shut up ! ” Chubb roared .
The three stars were perfectly aligned and holding their positions .
“ Steady as she goes , Bert .
Give me some ranges and bearings ?
” “ Dianaport or Divana Space Station ? ” “ Both .
” He lay silent as the data flowed into the computer .
Watching , he saw it was assimilating the data continuously and was holding to program .
It was a reliable piece of equipment , but with the fouled - up radar , Chubb felt he would probably have to make part of the landing either on manual control or manual over - ride .
The Absyrtis was in quite close and falling toward the Moon ’s surface at a little better than a kilometer per second .
Bert was reading Moon - relative vectors now , using his own astrostat as a drift indicator .
So far , so good , thought Chubb .
He was just beginning to correlate all the data into a fair mental picture when LeRoy ’s voice screamed over the interphone , “ Control room , we ’ve lost a pump !
Number Four has seized her bearings !
Chambers three and five are out !
” That was almost too much for Chubb .
He hesitated for a split - second , then saw the approach rate indicator .
“ Bert !
All available chambers stand by for full thrust !
Program the computer for four - g by chambers one , two , four , and six !
Guidance corrections accordingly !
Move !
I want to know if we can do it with what we ’ve got !
” So near , he thought disparingly , and yet so far .
Three - hundred and eighty - three thousand kilometers behind them and less than a thousand to go .
A half - year of work , hours of sweat and worry , a man ’s life — and a failure with the goal in sight .
Bert had the keyboard console swung over his couch and was setting up the new prob .
LeRoy called up , “ Skipper , can we make it on four chambers ?
” “ Pipe down and keep your britches on !
” “ Whew ! ” Bert breathed .
“ We can make it !
Four and a half minutes to zero !
” “ LeRoy , ” Chubb called the power man , speaking in a firm but quiet tone , “ we ’re going to have to mash it in under high - g .
Can the plant take it ?
How does it look ?
” " I 've got my fingers crossed .
We ’ll have to do something about the vibration at high thrust ; it shakes everything loose .
” Chubb thought back , trying to remember his theory of combustion .
“ Look , are your pumps running fast enough ?
Try increasing the injector pressures . ”
He was shooting in the dark , but it might work .
“ It may bust the chambers .
” “ Not those iron maidens it wo n’t . ”
The Absyrtis had been built long before the thin - walled , light - weight modern rocket engines had become standard equipment .
They were such an integral part of the ship ’s structure that they had never been torn out during the many modifications ; the ship - yards had merely modified the injectors .
"
We 'll have to cut the over - speed trips on the turbines !
” “ Do it !
Let ‘em run hot !
Those turb buckets will stand it for a couple minutes !
Just hang on , LeRoy , and twist her tail hard !
—
Or there ’ll be a new lunar crater called Absyrtis !
” “ Two minutes to zero , skipper ! ” Bert armounced .
“ Doppler indicates our approach rate is within one - percent of calculated .
Dianaport and Divana have confirmed .
Autopilot is tracking .
Dianaport Traffic says we ’re eight degrees north of the groove and to correct .
They ’re holding traffic and have cleared the vicinity of Landing Pad Twenty - three for us .
” “ I ’ll bet they ’re standing by .
Meat wagons for us and cops for LeRoy . ”
Chubb growled .
“ Okay , ” he went on , then paused before giving the long - awaited order .
“ Bert , stand by to take her down ; ” “ All hands Stand by for landing !
Ninety seconds to zero !
” “ All boards Test - Fly to FLY ! ” “ Boards to FLY !
” “ Power room here !
Pumps coming up !— Up ! —Up !—Up !—Good Lord !— Up !
” The sound was a scream in the deck plates .
“ Hold it , LeRoy !
Hold her , boy !
” “ Seventy - five seconds to zero ! ” “ Autopilot ? ” “ Tracking , skipper !
Corrections noted and ready for compensation ! ” “ Radar ? ” “ Locked on Dianaport beacons !
” The rocky craters lining Mare Nubium were plainly visible through the conning blister now .
There was no doubt that the Absyrtis was falling toward the Moon .
“ Bert , ” Chubb said privately to his exec , “ I do n’t know what ’s going to happen after we hit dirt down there — but whatever it is , so help me if we get out of the sky safely I ’ll figure it was worth it .
” “ Sure , it was worth it !
Sixty seconds to zero !
” “ We ’!l make it — We ’ve got to make it !
” “ Control , these pumps may not hold up much longer at this speed ! ” LeRoy yelled over the interphone .
“ Electronics reporting !
Divana just went into our blind spot toward !
” “ We go down on one radar , then !
” “ Skipper , that ’s suicide !
” “ Shut up and do as you ’re told ! ” “ Forty - five seconds !
” “ Control room , these pumps are shaking everything !
We ’ve got a leak ! ” “ Where ?
How bad ? ” “ Squirting out around a fitting !
” “ Tighten that fitting or seal it !
Hurry !
” “ Thirty seconds to zero ” “ The Lord is my shepherd ; I shall not want … ” “ Shut up , Greg !
I ca n’t hear LeRoy ! ” Chubb yelled .
“ Twenty - five !
” “ We ’ll let it leak , Chubb .
We ’ll just get a little wet , that ’s all ” “ Twenty !
” “ All hands brace for landing ! ” “ Fifteen ! ” Bert screamed .
“ All green !
Autopilot in command !
” “ Like hell !
I ’m on manual over - ride . ” “ Ten ! — Nine — eight — .
” It looked — well , they might make it — if the radar did n’t fizzle out — if the computer did n’t go wild — if the guidance system did n’t jitter — if the propulsion system worked .
There were too many “ if ’s ” for Chubb .
He braced his fingers over the manual controls , not sure of whether he could land the ship or not , but willing to make a try .
“ Three — two — one — .
” This time one chamber lit off before the rest .
He felt the ship start to swing under the unbalanced thrust .
Then all chambers were lit and correction was possible .
The Absyrtis gyrated wildly , then settled down to a bone - crushing four - g's of acceleration .
She hammered and rattled .
Chubb clamped his jaws tight to keep from biting his tongue .
He alternated his glances between the panel with the meters blurred by vibration and the conning blister .
They were falling too fast !
No , that was his imagination .
He could n’t read the approach rate indicator clearly enough .
View aft on the tv monitor was useless ; the vibration in the boat - tail had thrown the camera unit out of synch .
But that could n’t be Mare Nubium below them !
It was much too rugged !
Mountain peaks were spearing toward the ship .
There was a weak voice in his headphones .
“ They ’re holding !
They ’re holding ! ” LeRoy was screaming .
The acceleration increased slightly , then slacked off as the autopilot felt its way down , the ground clutter on the radar confusing it to some extent .
Then the ship cocked over at a ten - degree angle .
Chubb almost over - rode it then , but it righted itself before he could move against the acceleration .
Almost immediately , he was glad ; through the brilliant orange haze of the jet aft , he could see the tiny checkerboard of Dianaport .
What had Luna Louis once said ?
Why , he had been right !
The old bucket did know her way into Dianaport by heart !
The autopiot slacked off and let them fall at a half - g .
The lunar soil rushed up at the ship .
Chubb panicked invountarily , the old , ingrained fear of falling taking over .
He tried to grope for switches .
Something must be wrong !
He got his hand over the panel , and a sudden burst of acceleration slammed his hand down on another switch .
“ What did I hit ?
What did I hit ? ” he screamed to himself .
But it happened too quickly .
Another burst of acceleration , a fall of about , a second ’s duration , and then a back - wrenching jolt .
The rocket nozzles blubbered and the dust swirled up around the conning blister .
They were down on the Moon .
And Chubb discovered what switch he had accidentally hit .
He found himself staring at a luminous light panel on the overhead which said plainly :
“ You have just hit the panic switch , provided by the electronics division for your convenience in times of stress .
” He started to laugh . "
“ Jack down , ” he managed to get out .
“ Secure all in - flight operations .
Prepare to … ” He could n’t go on .
He was laughing so hard that tears were running down his cheeks , pulled by the feeble lunar gravity .
It was not hilarious laughter ; there were sobs mingled in .
Bert was a bit quieter , but he was doing the same thing .
They lay there together on their couches , having trouble believing that they had made it at last .
Chubb and Bert finally got the ship secured as the big loading towers were pulling up to the ship .
The skipper of the Absyrtis would have liked to have seen the lunar landscape outside , but by the time things had quieted down to the point where he was able to take a look , the pressurized towers had cut off the view .
“ Electronics , ” Chubb called , “ give Dianaport Traffic a yelp and tell them we ’re down and secured — and find out when the quarantine crew will be out … ” “ Wait one , skipper !
I ’m talking with them right now ! ”
Danforth ’s voice came back , strangely excited .
“ How about it , Bert ?
Have we got ground power yet ? ”
Chubb asked his exec , checking .
“ Ready to switch now .
” “ Okay , all hands unstrap at will and stand by for … ” “ Chubb !
Uh — Control , this is electronics !
Skipper !
We ’ve got a reception waiting for us !
… ” “ I ’ll bet ” “ No , not what you ’re thinking !
We ’re heroes , skipper !
The mayor of Dianaport and all the colonial officials are waiting to greet us as soon as we get our locks open !
This whole place is going nuts ! ”
Francois Berenger recently brought to my attention a relatively new systems programming language called Go , a project started a couple of years ago by Robert Griesemer , Rob Pike and Ken Thompson .
With luminaries like this designing it , this is certainly going to be something to keep an eye on .
It ’s got a somewhat C- or Java - like feel , but tries to give the ease of programming you get from Ruby or Python .
As they say in the FAQ :
Go is an attempt to combine the ease of programming of an interpreted , dynamically typed language with the efficiency and safety of a statically typed , compiled language .
It also aims to be modern , with support for networked and multicore computing .
Finally , it is intended to be fast : it should take at most a few seconds to build a large executable on a single computer .
At a brief glance , the type system is interesting , and seems to take some ideas from Haskell .
It ’s not object - oriented , but what one might call interface - oriented , sounding very much like Haskell ’s type classes :
Rather than requiring the programmer to declare ahead of time that two types are related , in Go a type automatically satisfies any interface that specifies a subset of its methods .
Besides reducing the bookkeeping , this approach has real advantages .
Types can satisfy many interfaces at once , without the complexities of traditional multiple inheritance .
Interfaces can be very lightweight — having one or even zero methods in an interface can express useful concepts .
Interfaces can be added after the fact if a new idea comes along or for testing — without annotating the original types .
Because there are no explicit relationships between types and interfaces , there is no type hierarchy to manage or discuss .
The effect of lack of inheritance , as compared to Haskell ’s type class system , will be interesting .
Haskell , in practice , does n’t use inheritance everywhere it should anyway ( an instance of Monad , for example , is not required to be also an instance of Functor , though this is widely regarded as a design defect ) and yet it gets along ok .
Additionally , just like Haskell , it allows neither overloading of function names nor implicit numeric conversions .
These two decisions I anticipate will meet with objections from users of languages such as Ruby and Python ( I did n’t like these myself when I first started using Haskell ) , but my experience with Haskell over the last year or two has shown me that they are the right choice .
I wonder if they got rid of the dreaded “ null reference , ” though .
Speaking of Tony Hoare , Go ’s support for multicore computing is based around his Communicating Sequential Processes , in the spirit of Erlang .
It would be interesting to do a serious comparison of how this compares to purity when trying to gain parallelism .
It will be interesting to see how Go compares to Haskell as a systems programming language .
Right now Go is missing some key FFI ( Foreign Function Interface ) functionality , such as the ability to allow other code to call into Go libraries , that is present in Haskell FFI ( at least in the GHC implementation ) .
But once all of that ’s there , given that Go will also have a runtime system ( albeit probably more light - weight than GHC’s ) , what will be significantly more difficult or impossible to do in Haskell that can be done easily in Go ?
There ’s a discussion group , golang - nuts , on Google groups .
Researchers from McMaster University and the Royal Ontario Museum studying a 160 - year - old soup can found in the Canadian Arctic have detected lead levels that are off the scale further proof , they say , of the lead poisoning believed to have doomed the 19th - century Franklin Expedition during its quest to transit the Northwest Passage .
Photograph by : Handout , CNS
Scientists studying a 160 - year - old can of soup found in the Canadian Arctic have detected lead levels in its broth and sealant that are " off the scale " — further evidence , they say , of the lead poisoning believed to have doomed the 19th - century Franklin Expedition during its quest to transit the Northwest Passage .
Researchers from McMaster University in Hamilton and Toronto's Royal Ontario Museum — which had the historic tin of ox - cheek soup in its collection — performed tests on the can and its contents to try to confirm a controversial theory about the ill - fated polar voyage of the British ships Terror and Erebus in the late 1840s .
Franklin and 129 of his crew died during the journey across Canada 's forbidding northern sea route after the ships became irretrievably locked in ice near King William Island in 1847 .
A Canadian government - sponsored search for the famously elusive shipwrecks — widely considered the Holy Grail of marine archeology — was conducted in 2008 and is scheduled to resume next summer .
Previous research — including tests at McMaster in the 1990s on bones of Franklin crewmen recovered from Arctic gravesites — has shown dangerously high levels of lead suspected of having leached from solder used to weld lids on the expedition 's supplies of tinned food .
Lead poisoning from the food — or possibly from pipes used in the ships ' freshwater systems , according to a more recent theory — has been blamed for damaging the health of Franklin and his men and impairing the judgment they required to survive being stranded for years in the harsh Arctic environment .
The can of soup tested at McMaster was left on Dealey Island in 1852 by crewmen from a rescue mission sent to search for the Terror and Erebus .
Scientists believe the provisions from the two rescue ships — HMS Resolute commanded by Henry Kellett , and HMS Intrepid captained by Francis M'Clintock — were identical to those supplied for Franklin 's expedition , and therefore shed fresh light on a prime suspect from that ill - fated voyage .
High lead levels in both the soup and its container were detected by McMaster experts in experiments using X - ray fluorescence , a non-destructive method of analyzing objects that 's available at only two laboratories in Canada .
" The numbers showed us lead levels that were pretty much off the scale , " Fiona McNeill , a medical science and radiation expert , said in a statement after tests Tuesday on the can 's lid .
" It was an instantaneous test .
We had already tested the soup found in the can and found high levels of lead , so we were certain we were going to find similar levels in the sealing solder . "
Fellow researcher David Chettle , a McMaster medical physicist , told Canwest News Service on Tuesday that the latest tests are not conclusive , but added that " it certainly makes it difficult to imagine any other source of lead " sufficient to harm Franklin and his crew .
" I think it begins to close the circle of evidence around the role for lead , " he said .
" What we can't be sure of is how quickly that lead went from the solder to the soup . "
McMaster anthropologists are planning to continue the probe by making their own supply of ox - cheek soup and canning it using Victorian - era methods .
The cans will be opened and tested at intervals over the next year to record how much and how quickly the lead is leaching into the soup .
Almonds to beat down that hunger
Looking for a snack to kill that between meal hunger ?
Try almonds .
28g , aproximatey 20 – 25 alomonds provides 5.9g of protein , 13.8g of fat , and 6.1g of carbohydrates .
Do n’t be alarmed by the fat content .
The fat is what will suppress your appetite , and 62 % of the fat found in almonds is oleic acid .
In comparison , olive oil contains 71 % oleic acid .
This fatty acid has strong anti-inflammatory properties and is what gives olive oil it ’s outstanding reputation .
7 % of the fat content is palmitic acid and 2 percent is stearic acid .
Both of these saturated fatty acids are the preferred energy source of the heart , which is why the fat surrounding the heart is highly saturated .
Unfortunately , up to 30 % of the fat found in almonds is the polyunsaturated fat linoleic acid .
This is a double unsaturated omega 6 fatty acid that has been shown to be pro-inflammatory , immuno - suppressive , and shown to cause weight gain .
Thankfully , almonds have enough of the good fats to compensate for the bad polyunsaturated fats .
A good source of fiber 20 - 25 almonds contain 3.4g .
Also Rich in minerals , almonds contain good amounts of calcium , magnesium , potassium , and zinc .
So if your feeling hungry and you need something to munch on to hold you till the next meal , give almonds a try .
Nutritionaldata.com
Westonaprice.com
Enig , Mary .
Know Your Fats .
Silver Spring : Bethesda Press , 2000
Mr Straw said the female prison population was falling Vulnerable female offenders should be punished in the community rather than being sent to prison , Justice Secretary Jack Straw has said .
His comments came during a visit to HMP Eastwood Park , in Gloucestershire , where he met prisoners and wardens .
Mr Straw said women prisoners were " very different " to men .
" We have to be sensible and humane in getting offending down in men and women , and we have to have different , but firm , approaches , " he said .
The prison currently holds 280 prisoners , below its capacity of 362 , ranging from child abusers like nursery worker Vanessa George , to murderers and drugs and burglary offenders .
However , the Ministry of Justice stressed that only vulnerable women rather than ones who are " serious or dangerous " should be punished in the community .
' Self - respect '
It said : " As part of the government 's strategy , following the report on vulnerable women in custody by Baroness Corston , we are providing £ 15.6 m to cut crime and reduce offending by providing additional services in the community for those women offenders and women at risk of offending .
" We will always provide enough prison places for serious offenders - those who should be behind bars .
Prison is the right place for such people . "
It comes after the justice secretary described female prisoners as being " very different to male prisoners " HAVE YOUR SAY Woman offenders should not be treated differently to men David Rowell , Southampton " While there is a consensus that we need to be tougher on male offenders there is also a broad consensus that where possible we should punish and reform females in the community and not in prisons , " said Mr Straw .
He said the male population in prisons was rising but the number of women was decreasing .
" A lot of serious women offenders have mental health issues and problems with drugs and alcohol abuse and self - harm .
" Often that is caused by a lack of self - respect , so we need to give them confidence and an understanding about what they are doing . "
Many female prisoners have children and are the principal provider of care , so being sent to prison disrupted both their and their children 's lives , he added .
" We have to be sensible and humane in getting offending down in men and women , and we have to have different , but firm , approaches , " said Mr Straw .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The streets of Lyon in France have turned into a gallery without walls with work from artists all over the world .
Their work is shown on signs that look like real European traffic signs but with some absurd and comical cartoon pictures , or even some cheerful messages .
In same city you can find a aqua telephone booth .
It has been a long and winding road for Sony as the Playstation brand now surpasses its 15th birthday .
For the most part , they have only seen ups during this time , with a slight downturn during the previous two years , which appears to be coming to end with the recent price cut , overabundance of unchallenged software titles , and greatly improved online experience .
How did Sony turn it around ?
Obviously getting the price down is one of the key reasons , but another aspect I think that many will overlook ( because the game industry is very short sighted ) is Sony ’s preventative , future - proof methods software strategy .
Sony has created an unbelievable network of interrelated and high quality first and second party developers that consistently produce exclusively for them .
This is something that sets Sony apart from Microsoft and Nintendo , which in a software perspective are complete opposites in two very distinct ways .
I believe this will help explain the holiday season ’s lack of exclusive titles for the PS3 ’s competitors .
First , let us look at Nintendo ’s traditional approach to gaming .
Throughout most of recent history , ( the last two generations of gaming ) Nintendo has focused exclusively on first party development for all of its hits .
This has paid off to some degree , with the creation of Super Smash Bros , 3D Zeldas , all the news Mario ’s , etc .
Only a few of their big titles have come from third parties , and most of them worked with Nintendo on the project to some degree .
This approach works well , but it also relies heavily on first party resources that have already been strained .
When you have Miyamoto literally working on 7 - 8 games at once , is it any surprise that we only get one or two quality AAA titles per year from the big N ?
By limiting their console graphically this generation , they put themselves into a position where they produce high quality games , but they are few and far between due to Nintendo ’s limited resources .
Nintendo seems to have taken some measures to remedy this , specifically I am citing Metroid Other “ M ” which is a joint effort between Ninja and Nintendo .
But what is really the thorn in the side of Nintendo is the lack of third party quality assurance .
The days of the Official Nintendo Seal of Approval are now gone .
Microsoft on the other hand has gone the opposite direction and focused completely on third party developers as their key to success .
This solves the quantity problem that Nintendo has as previously mentioned , but creates a quality problem .
Now before the fanboys start posting PS3 to 360 comparison videos , understand what I mean by this .
I am not simply talking about better graphics , but games that are built to maximize the capabilities of each console .
Nintendo has no problems with this due to their first party development , but is limited by their machine ’s lack of network capabilities , hard drive space , and processing power to truly make their games stand out from this perspective .
Although I do recognize that the unique controls have the potential to do this , I still feel I have not seen the game that truly is a must have because of the controls ( AKA the Jedi Game ) .
Microsoft has many games on their console that look great , but they only have a handful of exclusives that make me think I have to have a 360 instead of a PS3 .
These titles are their big four of Halo , Gears of War , Fable , and Mass Effect .
What happens as a result of this is we see one of these games come out per year .
This year was Halo ’s turn ; next year will be Mass Effect ’s , etc .
In order to counteract this lack of internal development , Microsoft really has to push their third party software , which as evidence by their previous two E3’s ( aside from Natal ) is what they have done .
I am referring to the huge displays during the last few E3s around titles such as ( Tony Hawk , Beatles : Rock Band , Rock Band , Call Of Duty , Final Fantasy 13 , etc. )
This is where Sony has the key to success ; they have a great blend of first party and second party developers making high quality games consistently exclusive for their platform .
Here is a List to give you some idea of what I am talking about :
Japan Studios : LocoRoco and Patapon
Team Ico : Shadows of the Collosus , ICO , and The Last Guardian
Polyphony Digital : Gran Turismo
Santa Monica Studios : God of War series
San Diego Studios : ModNation Racers , NBA # , MLB the Show
Sony Online Entertainment : The Agency , Everquest
Incognito : Warhawk
Naughty Dog : Jak and Daxter , Crash Bandicoot series , Uncharted Series
Zipper Interactive : SOCOM series , M.A.G .
London Studio : Singstar , Eyepet
Cambridge Studio : LittleBigPlanet PSP , Play TV
Liverpool Studio : Wipeout HD
Guerrilla Games : Killzone Series
Evolution Studios : Motorstorm Series
Media Molcule : LittleBigPlanet
Q Games : Pixel Junk Series
Clap Hanz : Hot Shots Series
Insomniac : Ratchet and Clank Series , Resistance Series , Spyro Series .
Level 5 : White Knight Chronicles
Suckerpunch : Infamous and Sly Cooper Series
ThatGameCompany : Flow , Flower
Eat Sleep Play : More than likely Twisted Metal PS3
Relentless Software : Buzz series
Bend Studio : Syphon Filter Series , Resistance Retribution
After reviewing this list , is it any surprise that for the last two years Sony has had an outstanding software holiday line up .
In addition to the list above , all third party developers have also agreed to make their games for both Xbox and PS3 .
When you look at this list it is a little overwhelming , but is not a coincidence .
Over the last few years we have begun to see an oligopoly occur within the developer community .
Many of the smaller developers have gone the way of the Dreamcast or been purchased / merged with larger companies due to huge development costs .
With the recession coming on strong , many game studios have had to lay off their staff as well .
The final piece of this oligopoly is the importance in return on investment .
Third party game studios can no longer make money by making exclusives due to increasing development costs .
I believe that Sony perceived this was happening a number of years ago , and began to acquire / build up many of these companies , successfully turning themselves into their own publisher that shares no profits outside the Sony family .
Sony has invested so much into internal development , in addition to producing a machine that is capable of really capitalizing on software developed aimed specifically at its hardware specs .
In addition to all of this , many of these internal companies share resources , ideas , and equipment .
If you listen to episodes of Insomniac Games Podcast : The Full Moon Show , you will hear them often discuss their friends at Guerilla Games and at Naughty Dog .
Also in the credits of almost all Sony first party studios you see them thanking each other for support .
At the end of the day , most of Sony ’s biggest hits have come from these internal studios , while Microsoft ( outside of the big four games ) , have all come from third party developers .
So what does this mean ?
Well for the most part we are going to continue to see Playstation games get better and better , and these studios will continue to produce hit games .
In order for Microsoft and Nintendo to counter this momentum , it will be necessary for Nintendo to do more joint efforts with third party developers that maximize the motion controls .
While Microsoft will have to invest heavily into their own internal development to build up a similar studio base in order to compete from a quality perspective .
In my opinion , at the end of the day , the console with the best games always wins out , and right now I feel games like Uncharted 2 , LittleBigPlanet , God of War 3 , Infamous , Heavy Rain , Metal Gear Solid 4 , and MAG have shown clear distinct differences in quality from anything else out there .
The final thought is that console sales are getting to the point where five or six million consoles really does not make a difference for sales .
Currently Microsoft has about 35 million consoles sold , Playstation has 30 Million , and Nintendo has about 60 Million .
Nintendo ’s game sales have formed a bit of a paradox concerning hardcore games , which I will not try to begin to explain .
But as far as Sony and Microsoft are concerned , the five million - console difference is becoming less and less significant as console sales begin to rise .
In two years , lets say the numbers are 60 million consoles for Xbox 360 and 56 Million for Playstation 3 .
That difference will become even less significant , as any Intro to Statistics Student can tell you .
No one can predict the future , but I am willing to bet Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 will come out in three years and probably sell 10 - 15 million copies on Xbox 360 and 9 - 14 Million copies on PS3 .
The difference will be that PS3 will have those sales in addition to a truckload of high quality , extremely well refined , software titles from their internal development studios that will be pushing the PS3 to its absolute limit , and further separating themselves from anything else on the market .
The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Kipp Pietrantonio .
Sorry , this game is not available on mobile devices
Thank you for voting !
Please leave a tip or a game review below !
Thank you for voting !
Please leave a tip or a game review below !
Game description
After a tragic accident , Santa finds himself fending off the undead .
Well , now we KNOW who really is naughty !
Deliver some Xmas pain to those who threaten your reindeer !
Instructions
WASD to move ; mouse to aim and fire ; R to reload
Santa Xmas Nightmare gameplay
RELEASE DATE : 17 Dec 2009
RATING : 46 %
1,685,075 PLAYS
Rise of the Pirate God provides everything one could want in an ending , but in order to fully appreciate it , you must know what comes before it .
GARD Pro Not Registered
If you ’re still looking for your own entry into Infosthetic ’s Ugly Infographic competition , then Newsweek has come to your rescue with their latest collection of infographics showing how the US and China view each other .
There ’s a bit of useful information in there , but good luck finding it .
I ’ve already submitted # 4 as my entry to the contest ( shown above ) .
I really do n’t have any idea what it ’s trying to tell me .
Six circles , each one represents a percentage of something in a country .
The caption provided is “ A majority of Americans say Japan is an innovative country , not so China and India ” .
No legend .
So a few possibilities :
Is that the percentage of people who say Japan is innovative in each country ?
Is that the percentage of Americans who agree that is an innovative country ?
??
Submit your own funny captions in the comments .
Innovation : American Ingenuity Is Still Respected | Newsweek Technology | Newsweek.com .
GARD Pro Not Registered
Iranians have responded angrily to US pressure
The report said traces of bomb - grade uranium in Iran 's nuclear facilities came from contaminated Pakistani equipment , not Iranian activities .
But the US said there were other ways Iran could be building nuclear weapons .
Iran has always maintained the traces of enriched uranium found two years ago came from contaminated equipment .
The BBC's Pam O'Toole in Tehran says Iran will see the report 's findings as a vindication of its position .
Iran insists its nuclear programme is peaceful and that US pressure over its nuclear programme is part of a wider effort to change the regime in Tehran .
However , a US state department spokesman said the report did nothing to reduce their concern at Iran 's nuclear programme .
He listed a series of what he called " unresolved concerns " , which included Iran 's alleged dealings with clandestine nuclear procurement networks and the Bush administration 's strong belief that Iran was developing and pursuing a nuclear weapon .
Talks scrapped
The independent report , published on Tuesday by the International Atomic Energy Agency , concluded that traces of uranium found in Iran two years ago came from contaminated equipment imported from Pakistan .
The discovery of the uranium had angered the Bush administration , which accused Iran of developing nuclear weapons in secret .
But the report backed Iran 's long - standing claim that the uranium traces came from equipment bought several years ago from Pakistan .
France , Britain and Germany have called off talks with Iran that had been scheduled for 31 August after Tehran resumed uranium conversion .
The French foreign ministry said Iran 's decision was in breach of a 2004 agreement to suspend nuclear activity .
If the stand - off continues , the US and the EU might bring the case before the UN Security Council to seek sanctions .
Offer rebuffed
Earlier this month , the EU offered a wide - ranging deal to Iran , including economic , political and technological incentives , in return for the complete suspension of research related to nuclear fuel production .
Iran 's chief negotiator says the EU offer was not good enough
French foreign ministry spokesman Jean - Baptiste Mattei said the decision to call off the meeting did not mean " that there will not be any contacts with the Iranians " .
But senior Iranian negotiator Hossein Moussavian criticised the move , saying the EU that had failed to recognise Iran 's right to peaceful atomic research .
" In Geneva we told the three European ministers clearly that if Europe 's proposal did not contain Iran 's right to uranium enrichment , it would be rejected and Isfahan ( plant ) would be restarted , " Iran 's Mehr news agency quoted him as saying .
The US voiced its support for the European countries ' decision to cancel the talks .
